The deepest of all scientific mysteries, I once thought, is why there's something rather than nothing. Now I think mind is the deepest mystery, because without mind, there might as well be nothing.
I recently posted a four-part report on “The Science of Consciousness,” a conference in Tucson, Arizona, where hundreds of scientists and philosophers pondered the mind-body problem. As I mentioned in one of my dispatches, I gave a talk at the conference. Since I described it only sketchily, I'm presenting my major points here. First, my title and abstract:
“THE QUEST TO SOLVE CONSCIOUSNESS: A SKEPTIC'S VIEW.” In 1994, I reported on the first Tucson “Science of Consciousness” meeting for Scientific American in an article titled “Can Science Explain Consciousness?” Ever since, I have continued to track research into how matter makes minds--or, more specifically, how physical objects generate subjective mental states. This is what philosopher David Chalmers, at that 1994 conference, described as “the hard problem” of consciousness. In this talk, I'll assess major ongoing approaches to consciousness. Do they represent genuine progress, or do they corroborate the mysterian position that the hard problem is intractable?
I was deliberately vague, because I wanted my talk to be approved by conference organizer Stuart Hameroff. When I gave the talk, I changed the title to “Scientific Regress and the Mind-Body Problem” for two reasons. One, I like the old-fashioned philosopher's phrase “mind-body problem,” which is about how matter makes mind. Two, I could express more bluntly my thesis, which is that research into the mind-body problem is regressing.
Below are points I made (or tried to make, I managed my time poorly) in my talk:
WHO FIRST POSED THE MIND-BODY PROBLEM?
Philosophers disagree on who first posed the mind-body problem. Descartes often gets credit, but my vote goes to Socrates (as described by Plato in Phaedo). While sitting in an Athenian prison awaiting his execution, Socrates ridiculed the notion that his plight could be explained in physical terms, such as “the contraction or relaxation of the muscles.” He was in prison because the “Athenians have thought fit to condemn me, and I have thought it right to undergo my sentence.” Socrates was recognizing the gap between physiological and psychological causation. That's the mind-body problem.
400 B.C. TO 1990: ERA OF POINTLESS PHILOSOPHICAL BICKERING.
After Socrates, there followed more than two millennia of what I unfairly call “pointless philosophical bickering.” Thinkers trying to solve the mind-body problem generally fell into one of three camps: Idealism (mind rules), materialism (matter rules) and dualism (matter and mind are separate but equal).
CRICK AND KOCH TO THE RESCUE!
In the early 1990s the great Francis Crick and a smart young sidekick, Christof Koch, said it was time to rescue the mind-body problem from philosophers and make it a respectable scientific problem. They proposed that science could “solve” consciousness by finding its “neural correlates,” that is, processes in the brain that correspond to conscious states. They even suggested a possible candidate for a neural correlate: 40-hertz oscillations, the simultaneous firing of many neurons 40 times a second.
THE DEPRESSING HYPOTHESIS?
Crick spelled out his hard-core materialist credo almost too clearly in his 1994 book The Astonishing Hypothesis. He declared that “you,' your joys and your sorrows, your memories and your ambitions, your sense of personal identity and free will, are no more than the behavior of a vast assembly of neurons… you're nothing but a pack of neurons.” I once told Crick that The Depressing Hypothesis would have been a more accurate title for his book. He chuckled.
NEURAL EDELMANISM.
Two other big-shot scientists were claiming to have solved the mind-body problem in the early 1990s. One was Gerald Edelman, who proposed in Bright Air, Brilliant Fire (1992) and other books that consciousness results from competition between populations of neurons responding to stimuli.
Critics complained that Edelman's theory, which he called “neural Darwinism,” was just an obscure, pretentious version of neural-network theory. Crick said “neural Edelmanism” would have been a more accurate name for the theory, and he did not mean that as a compliment. Neurologist/author Oliver Sacks is the only brain scientist of note who really liked Edelman's theory.
THE QUANTUM MIND OF ROGER PENROSE.
Physicist Roger Penrose spelled out a more radical view in The Emperor's New Mind (1989) and later books. Based on his interpretation of Godel's theorem and introspection into his own brilliant mind, Penrose argued that consciousness must be based on non-deterministic quantum effects. He teamed up with anesthesiologist Stuart Hameroff and the pair produced ever-more-elaborate quantum-consciousness theories.
TUCSON 1994: FUN BUT TOO MUCH WOO.
All the above approaches to the mind-body problem and many more were represented at “Toward a Science of Consciousness,” the first of many biennial conferences in Tucson. Koch gave a talk on neural correlates. Penrose, Hameroff and others touted quantum consciousness. Other speakers presented chaotic or holographic models. Some emphasized the importance of mystical and paranormal phenomena. It was lots of fun, but the proportion of flakey ideas, or “woo,” to serious suppositions was high. (“Woo” can be used as an adjective or noun. Variant: “woowoo.”) The field was obviously pre-scientific, still in search of its unifying paradigm, although the neural-correlates approach of Crick and Koch seemed promising.
DAVID CHALMERS AND “THE HARD PROBLEM.”
The young Australian philosopher Chalmers generated lots of chatter at Tucson when he said that consciousness—subjective experience-- is different from other natural phenomena and hence unlikely to be solved with conventional, materialistic approaches. The "hard problem” of consciousness, Chalmers said, might be solved by assuming that information—along with matter and energy—is a fundamental property of reality. Chalmers seemed to be reviving not only dualism but also panpsychism, the ancient mystical doctrine that everything is at least a little bit conscious.
KOCH RESISTS WOO.
I liked Chalmers's discussion of how “hard” consciousness is, but I found his information conjecture too hand-wavy. Woo. And panpsychism? Come on. So I was delighted when Koch confronted Chalmers at a reception in Tucson and criticized his ideas as untestable. “Why don't you just say the Holy Ghost comes down into your brain and makes you conscious?” Koch asked. Koch, who also criticized quantum-consciousness theories, was standing up for common sense and against woo. Or so I implied in my write-up of the 1994 Tucson conference for Scientific American.
THE NEURAL CODE.
I kept reporting on the mind-body problem over the next two decades. For a while, I got excited about the “neural code,” the rules or algorithms that transform the firing of brain cells and other neural activity into perceptions, thoughts, memories, emotions. Koch, my neuroscience go-to guy, warned that there might be many neural codes, operating at different scales in the brain, and our brains might even invent new codes in response to different experiences. The neural code, if it exists, will certainly be much more complex and difficult to crack than the genetic code.
THE RISE OF INTEGRATED INFORMATION THEORY.
About a decade ago Guilio Tononi, a former student of Edelman, proposed an ambitious theory of consciousness, integrated information theory. According to IIT, any physical system, not just a brain, is conscious if it passes a certain threshold of complexity, defined by the term phi. After attending a two-day conference on IIT at New York University, I concluded that IIT is highly implausible, for reasons that I go through here. IIT is essentially an elaborate, mathematical version of the old information-based idea that Chalmers presented in Tucson in 1994. And like the Chalmers conjecture, IIT implies than panpsychism is true.
KOCH EMBRACES WOO.
That brings me to arguably the most significant development of the last two decades of research on the mind-body problem: Koch, who in 1994 resisted the old Chalmers information conjecture, has embraced integrated information theory and its corollary, panpsychism. Koch has suggested that even a proton might possess a smidgeon of proto-consciousness. I equate the promotion of panpsychism by Koch, Tononi, Chalmers and other prominent mind-theorists to the promotion of multiverse theories by leading physicists. These are signs of desperation, not progress.
There's another reason I don't like IIT. From a cosmic perspective, the mind-body problem asks how a strictly physical universe gave rise to consciousness. According to IIT/panpsychism, consciousness was there from the start, glimmering in the big bang. That's not an answer, that's cheating. It's like explaining how life began by saying the big bang was a little bit alive.
TUCSON 2016: MORE WOO THAN EVER.
Returning to Tucson after 22 years bolstered my sense that mind-body research, far from advancing, is regressing. There was more diversity of speculation, and woo, than in 1994. Hameroff and others presented quantum theories of consciousness, even though few mainstream neuroscientists take them seriously. (Koch is still opposed to quantum woo. He emailed me that it is “very unlikely that [quantum] effects play a major role in cognition, including consciousness.") The conference also featured talks on “Bayesian brain” models of cognition, integrated information theory, panpsychism, paranormal phenomena and more, much more. Diversity of speculation is a sign not of vitality but of weakness. It means researchers haven't found an approach strong enough to compel consensus and convergence.
COULD THE MYSTERIANS BE RIGHT?
Some philosophers, notably Colin McGinn, argue that the mind-body problem is unsolvable. Just as rats aren't smart enough to do arithmetic, McGinn suggests, we're not smart enough to figure out consciousness. Philosopher Owen Flanagan calls proponents of this pessimistic position “mysterians.”
Mysterianism seems increasingly reasonable to me. I doubt science will ever give us a theory so potent that we think, “Ah, so that explains consciousness.” But unlike McGinn, I don't think we're too dumb to solve the mind-body problem. In fact, I suspect that the smarter we get, the more puzzled we will be by our own minds.
Mysterianism is more common than you might guess. Quantum-computation theorist Scott Aaronson recently said on this blog: “I should confess to extreme skepticism that there can even exist a ‘solution' to the mind-body problem.”
Even Chalmers warns that the quest to solve the mind-body problem will probably be a long, hard slog. “I'd be happy if we got to the point where say in 50 or 100 years time we at least have some candidate theories,” he told me recently.
Koch acknowledges that IIT might not pan out, but he vehemently rejects mysterianism, arguing that that it could foment “defeatism” and hence become a self-fulfilling prophecy. “It's very fraught with danger to claim that we will never understand,” Koch told me recently.
I agree, and I admire Koch for his can-do spirit (which is shared, let me emphasize, by Aaronson and Chalmers and every other mind-theorist I know). Maybe we will never solve the mind-body problem, but we must never stop trying. Who knows? Maybe IIT will pan out, or we'll crack the neural code. And even if we don't explain consciousness, our investigations will surely yield lots of practical applications, such as neural prosthetics and bionic upgrades.
But that raises another question. What if science boosts our minds' power without giving us greater self-understanding? Shouldn't that be cause for concern?
Further Reading:
Meta-post: Horgan Posts on Brain and Mind Science
Dispatch from the Desert of Consciousness Research, Part 1
Dispatch from the Desert of Consciousness Research, Part 2
Dispatch from the Desert of Consciousness Research, Part 3
Dispatch from the Desert of Consciousness Research, Part 4
Flashback: My Report on First Consciousness Powwow in Tucson. How Far Has Science Come Since Then?
Can Integrate Information Theory Explain Consciousness?
Are Brains Bayesian?
The Singularity and the Neural Code
Why information can't be the basis of reality
Is Scientific Materialism "Almost Certainly False"?
Scott Aaronson Answers Every Ridiculously Big Question I Throw at Him
Christof Koch on Free Will, the Singularity and the Quest to Crack Consciousness
Skeptic Debunks Spoon-Bending and Fosters World Peace
In some ways, they were like any other young women, waiting at the bus stop for the 25 to Ilford, clutching their mobile phones and small bottles of water. But thanks to Europe's most controversial item of millinery, you could see nothing of Muna Jama and her friend but their eyes.
This was the week that France banned the niqab, the Islamic full-face veil. The law's principal author called it a way to "eradicate [a] minority of fundamentalists" who "instrumentalise Islam for political reasons." President Nicolas Sarkozy said the niqab was "a sign of debasement and subservience;" for another minister, it was a male-imposed "prison." But is any of that true?
The French parliamentary inquiry which recommended the ban lasted six months and heard 211 witnesses. Yet just one of those was a niqab-wearing woman – and even she was seen only after she repeatedly insisted. The commission's report runs to 658 pages. A total of one paragraph is devoted to this woman's testimony.
The Sunday Telegraph decided to do something which virtually nobody involved in the debate, either here or across the Channel, seems to have bothered with – talk to people wearing the niqab and ask them why they do it. The answers may surprise you.
The vast majority of the twenty women I approached on the streets of Tower Hamlets, London's main Muslim area, were more than happy to talk to a non-Muslim man – in several cases, the problem was shutting them up. Most were not stereotypically repressed or un-Westernised, but young and articulate.
From behind the black cloth came, for the most part, accents indistinguishable from those of any other Londoner. Above all, they passionately insisted, nobody had forced them to wear the veil. It was their choice.
"I used to go clubbing, I used to drink, I used to wear skinny jeans," said Ms Jama, who is 28 and from Barking. "But I just got thinking it wasn't right. I had lots of men and I never got anything out of it. They would use me and then leave me. They would look at me like a piece of meat, and this [the niqab] stops all that.
"It is hard in other ways. I live near Essex, and people are sometimes hostile. But it's still better. It gives me confidence."
Ms Jama's friend, who did not want to be named, said: "We do it because there's a higher reward. There are a lot of things [Islamic obligations] we're not capable of doing but we can do this."
Many of the women insisted that wearing the veil was an act not of repression but of self-assertion. "I am doing it to assert my identity as a Muslim," said another young woman, Karima. "My parents hate it, actually. My father keeps threatening to throw me out." I got a strong sense that for at least some of them it was part of finding an identity in the same way that a white teenager might dye her hair or become a goth.
One male Tower Hamlets councillor I talked to described going into a flat on the local Robin Hood Gardens estate, just above the Blackwall Tunnel, and finding a family where the wife was not covered, the elder daughter wore western clothes, but the younger daughter was in the full shroud.
Yet the theological basis for the veil is notoriously shaky. The Quran does not mention it. Most interpretations of the holy book, including the very first, by Imam Tabari, state that "there is a consensus that women are not obliged to cover the face and the hands."
The niqab is banned not just in France, but in Islam's holiest place, Mecca. Women performing the pilgrimage are not allowed to wear it – even though they mix freely with men, and even though it is a strict legal obligation in the rest of Saudi Arabia.
The vast majority of Tower Hamlets Muslims are originally from Bangladesh, an overwhelmingly Muslim country. But the niqab, a Saudi garment, is almost completely unknown there. In supposedly backward, monocultural Dhaka, the capital, you will never see it on the streets. In supposedly liberal, multicultural London, I saw perhaps twenty niqabi women in half an hour.
"I grew up in what people would call a Muslim ghetto, in Rochdale," says Haras Rafiq, director of the moderate Muslim think-tank Centri. "I never even saw a niqab until I was 19. They have grown enormously."
Tower Hamlets is headquarters to a particularly pernicious form of Islamic radicalism. Over us in the Whitechapel Road towered the East London Mosque, funded by Saudi Arabia and controlled by the hardline Islamic Forum of Europe, accused by the local Labour MP of infiltrating his party to further its declared goal of a sharia state in Europe.
One of the IFE's secondary objectives, as a Sunday Telegraph investigation last year established, is to "Islamicise" its area. And though I believed the niqabi women I met when they said they weren't forced, there is no doubt that some others locally do feel strong pressure to conform.
A shopkeeper, who did not want to give her name, said several of her customers, men and women, had verbally attacked her for not covering her head. They had tried to have her dismissed, but her Muslim boss had refused. Last year a local Labour councillor, Shiria Khatun, was the target of an 18-month hate campaign against her "Western" dress, including late-night obscene phone calls and cars following her in the street. No-one has been prosecuted for this.
At the private Madani Girls' School, just off the Whitechapel Road, all the children are forced to wear the niqab. It is a fair bet that some of them do not want to. Ofsted, the education inspectorate, did not mention the compulsory veil-wearing in its report into the school, instead praising it for leaving pupils "well-prepared for life in a multicultural society" – even though the Madani School's own website states that it "opposes the lifestyle of the West".
During the last niqab controversy the Muslim Council of Britain, also dominated by the IFE, endorsed a chilling statement, unreported until now, warning Muslim women that not wearing the veil was a "shortcoming" which may lead to apostasy. It was, they said, an "Islamic practice" which was "not open to debate". All 27 signatories of the statement were male. The MCB was, until recently, treated by ministers as a mainstream interlocutor.
Yet it is still too simplistic to say, as the French have done, that niqab-wearer equals Islamist radical. Many of the niqabi women we spoke to did feel that Islam was under attack – a key element of the Islamist worldview. But this did not usually translate into political activism. "It was not a political thing at all," said one woman. "It was personal." Surprisingly, some of the niqabi women we spoke to did not even go to the mosque. None said they were members of any organisation or group. At best, the niqab is a symptom, not a cause.
"It's a red herring," says Haras Rafiq. "By devoting time and space to it, we're taking our eyes off what really matters."
No-one serious in Britain wants a ban, which is probably just as well.
"A ban would be manna from heaven for the extremists," says Rafiq. "It would reinforce the Islamist claim that society is picking on Muslims. People who don't wear it would take it up as a political cause."
To know that Rafiq is right, you just have to imagine what would happen when the first British woman was jailed for refusing to remove her niqab. "It would be unenforceable, and if it was enforced it would lead to civil unrest," says Peter Golds, the Tory leader in Tower Hamlets, a man with a long track record of opposing local extremists. "It is not for governments to decide what people should wear."
What the women of Tower Hamlets do, perhaps, need is not just the right to cover their heads – but the right not to. That is something that Britain's pusillanimous liberal regulators do not always seem terribly keen on enforcing.
The FBI is investigating whether a black teenager who the police said committed suicide was actually lynched by white racists in the southern state of North Carolina.
Lennon Lacy, 17, left his parents' home on a summer night in August and was found the next morning hanging by a pair of belts from a swing set in a nearby trailer park. His body was covered with red fire ants.
Local police in the small town of Bladenboro remarked that Mr Lacy's great-uncle had recently died and declared that he had become depressed and committed suicide.
But his family claim that Mr Lacy, who was preparing for the start of a new American football season the next day, was lynched.
“He didn't do this to himself,” his mother, Claudia Lacy, told CNN, pointing to a number of troubling details about his case.
Mr Lacy was too short to reach the crossbar of the swing set on his own but his body was found without any stool or chair nearby, raising questions about how he could have set up the noose.
The family say he was also found wearing different shoes to the ones he left home with, suggesting someone had taken his expensive basketball shoes.
The black 17-year-old had also been dating a 31-year-old white woman, a relationship that raised eyebrows in the small town of 1,700.
Michelle Brimhall, who was married before and has children, said the couple had pretended to split up to avoid hassle from others in the community.
“I had never had a man treated me as good as he did, and I probably will never find another,” Ms Brimhall told the Guardian, adding that she did not believe Mr Lacy killed himself.
The teenager's grave was reportedly desecrated after his burial, with flowers moved and a name marker bent.
An investigation by the National Association for the Advancement of Coloured People, a black civil rights group, raised enough questions about the case to convince the FBI to open a probe.
Federal agents are now looking at the original evidence from the scene of Mr Lacy's death but reviewing how local police conducted their inquiry.
If Mr Lacy was lynched it would be the first such killing in decades and a potentially powerful symbol of ongoing racial strife in America. At least 86 black men were lynched in North Carolina between 1882 and 1968, according to the Tuskegee Institute.
The FBI investigation was opened amid ongoing protests in US cities against the decision not to bring criminal charges against police officers involved in the deaths of Michael Brown, an unarmed teenager in Ferguson, Missouri, and Eric Garner, a black man who died after being put in a chokehold by police.
Was There a Second Shooter in Las Vegas attack? Room Service Waiter Reveals Major Clue
Gunman Stephen Paddock may have been assisted by a second shooter during this week's Las Vegas attack, according to room service receipts revealed by a waiter.
Paddock opened fire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, spraying down bullets on a huge crowd at a music festival.
At least 58 people were killed and 500 injured in the atrocious 10-minute attack - and fears are growing Paddock could have had an accomplice, or at the very least a companion in the days leading up to the deadliest shooting in US history.
But it appears the killer may not have been completely alone, according to a receipt shared on Facebook by a person claiming to have served the killer room service indicates a possible second person in the room - a major person of interest if true.
A $84.33 (£63.93) order was delivered to Paddock's room on September 27 - the day before police said he arrived at the resort and casino.
Under the section of the receipt, which shows the order was for room 32, the form had been filled out to show two guests - indicating the person in room 32 had been dining with another.
The receipt detailed a sizeable order of a double Angus burger, a bagel with cream cheese, a house soup, one 1L bottle of Pellegrino water and two soft drinks.
The person claiming to have delivered the order posted on Facebook about the meeting - although later deleted it.
He wrote: “I think I talked to the Mandalay Bay assassin and I was alone with him for several minutes.
"I have goosebumps knowing that I was his waiter in the same suite where he did the shooting.
"You never know who you are dealing with in this job."
It is unknown whether the waiter mistook an earlier guest for Paddock.
The receipt was revealed after police admitted Paddock must have had help to carry out the attack “at some point”.
Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said: “At face value he had to have some help at some point.
“Maybe he was a superhuman who figured this out all on his own but it would be hard for me to believe that.”
Discerning Paddock's motive has proven especially baffling given the absence of the indicators typical in other mass shootings.
He had no criminal record, no known history of mental illness and no outward signs of social disaffection, political discontent or extremist ideology, police said.
Sheriff Lombardo said: “What we know is that Stephen Paddock is a man who spent decades acquiring weapons and ammo and living a secret life, much of which will never be fully understood.”
An Australian man staying at the Mandalay Bay Resort has also spoken about his close call with the Las Vegas gunman - claiming he launched his murderous attack from the room next door.
Australian Brian Hodge, who previously worked at Jupiters Casino on the Gold Coast, claimed he was staying in the room next to the shooter on level 32 at the Las Vegas resort.
He said he managed to escape the initial horrific scenes inside the hotel but found himself forced to hide in a bush for several hours after the event.
“I got outside safely and was hiding in bushes,” Mr Hodge said.
“There were multiple people dead and multiple shooters. I was just hiding waiting for police to come get us.
“We were hiding in the bushes outside waiting for the police.” Mr Hodge said he was staying in room 32134 while the gunman was in room 32135.
“It was a machine gun from the room next to me,” he said.
“My floor is a crime scene. They killed a security guard on my floor.”
Post by WildSnow.com blogger Lou Dawson | September 1, 2014
For more, check out Marker's Kingpin website.
Synopsis: I'm impressed. After about three years of secret development, Marker releases a “pintech” modified tech binding with alpine-like elasticity and step-in comfort. The Kingpin binding toe unit is somewhat similar to other tech bindings, but boasts three pairs of springs (the Six Pack!) that are said to offer better “energy absorption.” Heel unit is the big change, Kingpin operates without the “pins” all other tech bindings on the current market insert in your boot heel for alpine (downhill) mode. Instead, the heel operates as a virtual combination of alpine binding toes and heels. In terms of how it clamps your boot to the ski, it's an over-center pivot lever that snaps down on your boot heel when you step in — pretty much identical to most alpine bindings. In terms of lateral release, the heel opens to the side, similar to alpine toe jaws (with a “second stage” lateral release happening as the toe wings open, as with most tech bindings). Fancy doodads such as roller bearings on the heel cup and a beefy AFD on the brake actuator pad are intended to reduce the friction problems created by rubber soled or dirty boots — as well as providing a general reduction in friction overall. A large vertical release spring that's reminiscent of the Marker Tour F10 and F12 models provides that ever desirable and somewhat rare vertical elasticity and travel in a tech binding. In this case a claimed 16 mm of vertical travel, which is several times the vertical heel release travel of most tech bindings. Claim by Marker is that Kingpin is the quiver of one and will function equally well on/off the resort, in aggressive skiing or mellow touring. Word is that you do NOT have to lock the toe for fear of accidental release during aggressive skiing (sometimes a concern with many other tech binding offerings). A viable width selection of ski crampons and brakes rounds out this tour-de-force. Real life advantages? While the Kingpin weighs a bit more than what could be considered equivalent competitors, it does appear to offer the retention and shock absorption of a full-on alpine binding, as well as offering easy operation. Overall, it is very “put together” in appearance and during my on-snow testing performed well. Importantly, or not (depending on your views) it has TUV certification to the appropriate DIN/ISO standards — the first tech binding to achieve this as far as I know and proved by the certificate in images below (dated July 17, 2014). I'm writing this post while still in Chile at the Marker Kingpin binding introduction event. While I suppose they could be squirting some kind of brainwashing gas into the air ducts here at Rocanegra Mountain Lodge, that doesn't appear to be the case. Instead, I've been on-snow with the Kingpin for several days of real ski touring that included excellent testing such as skiing icy snow as well as walking in areas that required many cycles of clipping and removing bindings. Overall, the Kingpin worked. Sure, I'd perhaps choose something lighter for core touring in my home range, but this really does appear to be a binding you could travel the world with and use for everything from a day of blasting the pists of Sun Valley to slogging the passes of the Silvretta Traverse. (Kingpin only weighs a ‘chocolate bar' more than competitor equivalent in a ‘tech freeride binding,' yet is quite a bit heavier at 650 grams (no brake) than super-light options — which of course leads me to suspect Marker probably has some sort of superlight version in the works.) Consumer use will of course tell the tale. To that end Marker will do a limited retail release of Kingpin beginning early this winter. Full retail will begin for winter of 2015/2016. Please see below for details and images, and while we did ski on the binding quite a bit down here in the land where North is South, please don't consider this a full review or endorsement. It's just a thorough first-look at what appears to be something very interesting and cool for the sport of alpine ski touring, or if you like different nomenclature, freeride touring.
Metrics
Crampon widths: 90, 105, 120
Brakes retract nicely so they do a good job of covering a range of widths: 75/100 and 100/125
DIN (nice to be able to call it that): One model goes from 5 to 10, model with black toe springs adjusts from 6 to 13 — and yes Virginia the black toe springs are slightly stronger and everyone will of course want them.
Rolling deflection (cuff of boot moving to left and right): I did a comparative test using other ‘freeride' tech bindings, and kingpin clearly has less deflection. Of course it's an open question as to whether you want to be welded to your skis like some guy with a buzz stick had glued a steel shoe to your topskin. On the other hand, all too many touring bindings have been way too sloppy, so a tighter connection is a better trend.
Screw pattern: 38 mm width.
Adjustment tools: Pozi 3 does everything.
Boot length range: 25 mm (demo version available with super wide range as well as adjustable toe position. Looks really good.)
Weight with brake and screws: 730 grams, 25.75 ounces
(Reference, Dynafit Radical FT is 566 grams, 20 oz, though this is not an apple to apples comparo. Dynafit Beast might be a better comparo, but we don't have retail production weight for the 2014/15 Beast models.)
Kingpin weight without brake: 650 grams
Notes
Who better to make the aluminum parts than a climbing gear company? After all, skiing dangerous terrain and depending on small tabs of aluminum for your life is no different than hanging from carabiner. To that end, all the gold anodized parts are hot forged by DMM of Wales. It's said they've been making the best metal in the world since the Bronze Age.
The small tabs of the “step in guides” are indeed similar to a competitor binding, but they're metal instead of plastic as well as being tiny. While they come pre-adjusted (and during our testing worked fine for most boots) they can be user adjusted to compensate for boot wear and such. Removal would entail grinding or otherwise cutting them off, as the back part is integrated with the springs. They do not retract when you click, as competitor does. I experimented with a boot and the tabs don't block release function, which I found surprising.
The elephant in the room for new touring binding releases is always durability. Sadly. While the only true test of binding strength is to get it out into the retail wild, I should note that in our three days of touring here in Chile with about 20 people (60 user days) I didn't see any problems. Marker guys have been here with several other groups, for a total user day count of over 300 days, and say that did not have one durability problem during that time.
Oh, and you asked what was it actually like to ski and walk on the Kingpin? Touring felt like most any tech binding. A little heavier than I'm used to and the toe of my non-standard TLT-6 boot bumps into the front lever a little earlier in the stride than some other brands and models. The binding was quiet and the heel lifters seemed solid. When skiing down I noticed how reactive my skis were due to the astoundingly solid connection between boot/binding/ski. I'm feeling it's even stiffer laterally than a Duke. The marketing term for this sort of beef is “power,” and that might be valid for some of you, but in my own skiing I don't feel the need for any more solid of a connection than I already get with the average tech binding. I do however want a binding with nearly no chance of pre-release when set to normal release values. In that, I'm a optimistic Kingpin may deliver. This involves personal safety of all of us, and that's huge. So whether your'e looking for power — or safety, Kingpin will be something for your attention.
Check out Part 2 of our Marker Kingpin coverage.
For details from the source, check out Marker's Kingpin website.
Story highlights As many as 8,250 "grossly ineffective" teachers work statewide, judge says
Nine students say state's teacher tenure, dismissal, layoff laws violate constitution
Ruling is stayed pending an appeal by unions and state, plaintiffs say
State laws favor bad teachers and keep good teachers out of classroom, suit alleges
A California judge ruled as unconstitutional Tuesday the state's teacher tenure, dismissal and layoff laws, saying they keep bad teachers in the classroom and force out promising good ones.
Poor and minority students are especially hurt by the laws because "grossly ineffective teachers" more often work in their schools, Los Angeles County Judge Rolf M. Treu said.
The ruling was hailed by the nation's top education chief as bringing to California -- and possibly the nation -- an opportunity to build "a new framework for the teaching profession." The decision represented "a mandate" to fix a broken teaching system, U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan said.
The court ordered a stay of the decision, pending an appeal by the state and the teachers union, the plaintiffs said.
Reforming teacher tenure and firing laws is a hotly debated issue in American education, and the California case is being watched nationally, as evidenced by a statement from Duncan immediately after the court ruling.
JUST WATCHED Does tenure deny students an education? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Does tenure deny students an education? 05:07
JUST WATCHED Teacher tenure ruled 'unconstitutional' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Teacher tenure ruled 'unconstitutional' 01:25
Reformers say firing a bad teacher is almost impossible because of tenure laws and union protections, but teachers and their unions argue school boards and their firing criteria have unfair, overtly political standards.
Duncan, a former schools chief in Chicago, said he hoped the ruling will spark a national dialogue on a teacher tenure process "that is fair, thoughtful, practical and swift."
At a minimum, Duncan said the court decision, if upheld, will bring to California "a new framework for the teaching profession that protects students' rights to equal educational opportunities while providing teachers the support, respect and rewarding careers they deserve."
"The students who brought this lawsuit are, unfortunately, just nine out of millions of young people in America who are disadvantaged by laws, practices and systems that fail to identify and support our best teachers and match them with our neediest students. Today's court decision is a mandate to fix these problems," Duncan said.
Teachers unions, however, criticized the ruling, with one leader stating the court decision was "anti-public education" and a "scapegoating" of teachers for public education's problems. They will appeal the ruling.
Judge's ruling
The judge upheld the plaintiffs' arguments that the state's teacher tenure laws violated their rights to an equal education and caused "the potential and/or unreasonable exposure of grossly ineffective teachers to all California students in general and to minority and/or low income students in particular," he wrote.
The effect of bad teachers on students "shocks the conscience," the judge wrote. He cited how one expert testified that a single year in a classroom with a bad teacher costs pupils $1.4 million in lifetime earnings per classroom.
An expert called by the defendants estimated there are as many as 8,250 "grossly ineffective" teachers in the state -- or up to 3% statewide, the judge said.
But the state's two-year process for evaluating new teachers -- much shorter than the three-year period in 32 states -- "does not provide nearly enough time" for making tenure decisions, the judge said.
"This court finds that both students and teachers are unfairly, unnecessarily, and for no legally cognizable reason (let alone a compelling one) disadvantaged by the current ... statute," Treu wrote.
Firing a bad teacher could take anywhere from two to almost 10 years and cost $50,000 to $450,000 or more, the judge said.
He said that "given these facts, grossly ineffective teachers are being left in the classroom because school officials do not wish to go through the time and expense to investigate and prosecute these cases."
"Based on the evidence before this court, it finds the current system required by the dismissal statutes to be so complex, time consuming and expensive as to make an effective, efficient yet fair dismissal of a grossly ineffective teacher illusory," the judge wrote.
Plaintiffs' reaction
The plaintiffs said the ruling promises to usher in major reforms to public education and could "create an opportunity for California to embrace a new system that's good for teachers and students," according to the nonprofit Students Matter, which has been working with the nine students who are the plaintiffs.
One of the plaintiffs' attorneys called the ruling "a victory for students, parents, and teachers across California."
"This is a monumental day for California's public education system," plaintiffs' attorney Theodore J. Boutrous Jr. said in a statement. "By striking down these irrational laws, the court has recognized that all students deserve a quality education."
The nine students filed their lawsuit with help from the nonprofit Students Matter , which says it sponsors "impact litigation to promote access to quality public education."
The plaintiffs alleged that tenure is granted too quickly, giving "grossly ineffective teachers" lifetime job protection, and asserted that dismissal laws are so costly and bureaucratic that districts remain stuck with bad teachers. The suit also contends that the state's "last-in, first-out" layoff laws force districts to fire top teachers and retain ineffective ones, the plaintiffs said in a statement.
Teacher unions will fight ruling
The California Teachers Association, a 325,000-member affiliate of the National Education Association, said it was "disappointed" by the judge's decision "as it hurts student and educators."
The union said there is nothing unconstitutional about the laws and says it is appealing.
"We are deeply disappointed, but not surprised, by this decision. Like the lawsuit itself, today's ruling is deeply flawed. This lawsuit has nothing to do with what's best for kids, but was manufactured by a Silicon Valley millionaire and a corporate PR firm to undermine the teaching profession and push their agenda on our schools," CTA President Dean E. Vogel said in a statement.
The state affiliate of the nation's other teachers union also denounced the court ruling.
"This suit is not pro-student. It is fundamentally anti-public education, scapegoating teachers for problems originating in underfunding, poverty, and economic inequality," California Federation of Teachers President Joshua Pechthalt said.
The CTA described Students Matter as a group created by Silicon Valley multimillionaire David Welch and a private public relations firm and said the group is supported by former Washington, D.C., schools chancellor "Michelle Rhee and Students First, Parent Revolution Executive Director Ben Austin, billionaire and school privatizer Eli Broad, former lawmaker Gloria Romero, and other corporate education reformers with an interest in privatizing public education and attacking teachers' unions."
Manny Rivera, a spokesman for the plaintiffs, confirmed the roles of those individuals and groups in the lawsuit and its efforts as stated by the union.
Rhee called the ruling "groundbreaking" and a moment for the state to now build "a first-class educational system."
The AFL granted Western Sydney a license in order to compete with an area monopolised by rugby league.
The decision to do this in 2008 swirled for some years. The side started to compete in 2012.
Now, in just the fifth season of their competitive tenure, the GWS Giants are one win away from the biggest stage: playing in an AFL grand final.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
A GWS win this weekend would see them achieve a feat their opponents, the Western Bulldogs, have not managed in fifty-five years.
Even if they don't go on to win this weekend, the way they dismantled a star-studded Sydney Swans outfit two weeks ago was enough to showcase their growing monster status to the footballing fraternity.
Undeniably, expansion teams such as the Giants require resources to facilitate a platform that both on and off-field success can be built on. This is required to grow any team, no matter where it is based.
However, it is clear this football club has been massively over resourced. With the plethora of talent the Giants have available, this newly formed creature will continue to grow, inevitably embarking upon a dynasty of success that will leave the rest of the competition for dead.
Although Gillon McLachlan may not realise now, the Giants could soon become the AFL's worst nightmare. This monster the AFL has created has the potential to create inequities in the competition and cause the state of the game to deteriorate.
Given GWS are playing in a preliminary final this weekend and remain a chance to win the premiership, it is nauseating to think they have pick eight and two more first round draft picks in this year's draft.
Advertisement
Advertisement
This is an absolute indictment on the AFL and makes a mockery of the equalisation the AFL is trying to instil in our beloved game.
To further compound the issue, the Giants are likely to receive more draft picks if they are able to orchestrate trades for want-away players Will Hoskin-Elliot, Caleb Marchbank, and Jack Steele. I implore the AFL to take a good hard look at themselves and think about properly curtailing the issue of equalisation.
The current situation is grossly unfair on all other 17 teams and needs to be dealt with by the AFL immediately.
Clubs such as Brisbane are languishing down the bottom of the ladder, yet they are afforded one pick in the first round. Greater Western Sydney have three. How is this good for the game?
The most gut-wrenching part is there is no plausible way for Greater Western Sydney to lose out in their current situation.
They can choose to get more quality players through the draft which leaves them with an overflow of talent. These players leave the football club due to a lack of opportunities, which allows the Giants to get more draft picks in.
They can also decide to use their draft picks to get quality established talent from other football clubs and consequently weaken them.
This cycle is set to continue and right now I can't see how the AFL are going to fix it.
Advertisement
Advertisement
To make matters worse had the Gold Coast Suns, the AFL's first expansion team, utilised their resources more effectively we could be dealing with two monsters on our hands.
Since their introduction in 2011, the Suns have been granted the same opportunities as the Giants to go to the draft and produce elite talent. Unfortunately, their cultural shortcomings, widely exacerbated by the infamous debacle of two ex-Suns Karmichael Hunt and Harley Bennell, injuries, and poor player retention has done nothing but contribute to poor playing performances throughout their AFL tenure.
Had all things gone to plan, like the Giants, the Suns could have been vying for a grand final position this year.
Instead, they find themselves helplessly in a rebuild just five years after their induction into the AFL.
Even if the Giants do go on and win the premiership, it will not have the same credence as other clubs who have been forced to do it the hard way. It will merely be viewed as a by-product of the AFL creating a dream team which no other club can compete with. They won't be lauded but rather maligned by opposition supporters.
This has gone too far and the AFL need to act now.
Less clutter.
Rig is a micro application framework for Tcl [1] based on a few basic design guidelines:
self-contained and pure-Tcl, no package dependencies in simple usage scenarios
suitable for console apps, Tk apps, web apps, and network clients / servers
as modular and loosely-coupled as possible, each module is often 1 source file
relies on modern Tcl 8.5 features, such as {*}-expansion and ensembles
minimal namespace and command pollution, no new global vars are defined
new global vars are defined support for auto-loading and auto-downloading code from trusted repositories
Mavrig is the name of this website, where modules - called rigs - are collected for easy re-use.
Rig and Mavrig have been presented at the 7th EuroTcl conference, June 6-7, Strasbourg, FR [2].
2011-09-06 - The Mavrig source code repository has been moved to GitHub.
Fri, 23 May 2008 - The Rig.tcl file should now work as documented, see the Examples page.
Daniel Hernandez had been U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords' intern for five days when she was shot Saturday outside Tucson.
The junior at the University of Arizona was helping check people in at the "Congress on Your Corner" event when he heard gunfire. He was about 30 feet from the congresswoman. When the shots began, he ran toward them.
"I don't even know if the gunfire had stopped," he said Saturday night as he kept a vigil at the University Medical Center cafeteria, gathered near a TV watching tributes and getting updates.
When the shots began that morning, he saw many people lying on the ground, including a young girl. Some were bleeding. Hernandez said he moved from person to person checking pulses.
"First the neck, then the wrist," he said. One man was already dead. Then he saw Giffords. She had fallen and was lying contorted on the sidewalk. She was bleeding.
Using his hand, Hernandez applied pressure to the entry wound on her forehead. He pulled her into his lap, holding her upright against him so she wouldn't choke on her own blood. Giffords was conscious, but quiet.
Ron Barber, Giffords' district director, was next to her. Hernandez told a bystander how to apply pressure to one of Barber's wounds.
Barber told Hernandez, "Make sure you stay with Gabby. Make sure you help Gabby."
Hernandez used his hand to apply pressure until someone from inside Safeway brought him clean smocks from the meat department. He used them to apply pressure on the entrance wound, unaware there was an exit wound. He never let go of her.
He stayed with Giffords until paramedics arrived. They strapped her to a board and loaded her into an ambulance. Hernandez climbed in with her. On the ride to the hospital, he held her hand. She squeezed his back.
When they arrived at the hospital, Hernandez was soaked in blood. His family brought him clean clothes because the FBI took his for evidence.
He waited at the hospital while she went into surgery. He needed to tell police what had happened. He overheard people walking by talking about how Giffords had died. He also heard this on NPR. Later, he learned she had lived.
"I was ecstatic," he said. "She was one of the people I've looked up to. Knowing she was alive and still fighting was good news. She's definitely a fighter, whether for her own life, or standing up for people in southern Arizona."
The fact that Hernandez was nearby and able to react quickly probably saved Giffords' life, said state Rep. Matt Heinz, D-Tucson, and a hospital physician. He talked to Hernandez at the hospital after the shooting.
Eight hours after the shooting, Hernandez stood with Giffords' friends and staff and told them what had happened. The tall, strong 20-year-old said, "Of course you're afraid, you just kind of have to do what you can."
They hugged and thanked him. Later, he sat with his mom and sisters and told them about his friends and the staffers who had died that day.
"You just have to be calm and collected," he said. "You do no good to anyone if you have a breakdown. . . . It was probably not the best idea to run toward the gunshots, but people needed help."
Tánaiste Joan Burton has said that protestors objecting to water meters can have video equipment that would "put Hollywood in the ha'penny place".
The Labour Party leader was quizzed in the Dáil about a number of protests which have resulted in arrests, and whether it was appropriate use of Garda resources.
NSFW due to language used
"All of the protesters that I have seen before seem to have extremely expensive phones, tablets, video cameras," she said.
"A core part of the campaign is to video every single second.
"There has been the most extensive filming in relation to any of these actions that I have ever seen anywhere.
"Hollywood would be in the ha'penny place compared to what's done here."
An Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI survey today rated Deputy Burton as the most popular party leader in the country.
Following its October 2009 removal report, AV-Comparatives has released its November 2009 retrospective/proactive comparative. This is actually the second part of the August 2009 comparative, where 16 products, last updated on August 10 (new samples were taken between August 11, 2009 and August 17, 2009), were set on the same highest detection settings (except for Sophos and F-Secure) and put to the test. The results of the second part are only available now as they required a bit more work and analysis.
To recap, there were two sets of malware: Set A, which contains malware from December 2007 to December 2008 (of which most products could detect over 97 percent), and Set B, which contains malware from the last seven months (1.6 million samples). The set included the following categories of malware: Trojans (69.5 percent), Backdoors/Bots (20.7 percent), Worms (6.1 percent), other malware (1.5 percent), and Windows viruses (0.4 percent).
This test focused on malware being detected proactively, without being executed, using complex generic signatures, behavior analysis, heuristics, and so on. The idea is to see how well new malware can be caught without having to download new signatures, which is meant for filling in the gaps. That said, here are the proactive detection results (rounded to the nearest percent):
AVIRA AntiVir Premium 9.0.0.446: 74 percent G DATA Antivirus 20.0.4.9: 66 percent Kaspersky AntiVirus 9.0.0.463: 64 percent ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4.0.437.0: 60 percent F-Secure Antivirus 10.00.246: 56 percent Microsoft Security Essentials 1.0 beta: 56 percent Avast Professional Edition 4.8.1348: 53 percent BitDefender Antivirus 13.0.13.254: 53 percent eScan AntiVirus 10.0.997.491: 53 percent AVG Antivirus 8.5.406: 49 percent Trustport Antivirus 2.8.0.3017: 49 percent McAfee VirusScan Plus 13.11.102: 47 percent Symantec Norton Antivirus 17.0.0.136: 36 percent Sophos Antivirus 7.6.10: 34 percent Norman Antivirus & AntiSpyware 7.10.02: 32 percent Kingsoft Antivirus 2009.08.05.16: 32 percent
After taking these results into consideration, while also looking at the fact that some products detected three to 15 false alarms (BitDefender, eScan, F-Secure, Microsoft, Avast, AVG, Kaspersky, G Data, ESET, and Symantec) and others detected over 15 false alarms (AVIRA, Sophos, McAFee, TrustPort, Norman, and Kingsoft), AV-Comparatives rated the security companies from best to worst in three categories:
Advanced+: G DATA, Kaspersky, ESET, F-Secure, Microsoft, Avast, BitDefender, eScan
Advanced: AVIRA, AVG, Symantec
Standard: McAfee, TrustPort, Sophos, Norman, Kingsoft
It's worth noting that AV-Comparatives also said Windows Live OneCare would have scored the same as Microsoft Security Essentials. In the more recent removal test last month, MSE fared better than OneCare. OneCare went the way of the dodo in June 2009, meaning Redmond essentially left the market for paid consumer security solutions. MSE, the company's free real-time consumer antimalware solution, arrived in September 2009, and AV-Comparatives has yet to put the final release through its paces (only beta versions have been tested so far).
Android application developer Alex Holmes is creating a simple and powerful new way to get your pirated videos: an application that uses your cellphone's built-in camera to scan a DVD bar code, then starts the movie downloading onto your home computer.
Called "Torrent Droid," the program means consumers who spot a DVD they like at the local Walmart will no longer have to choose between the instant gratification of buying it on the spot, and the frugal – albeit illegal – alternative of grabbing it from BitTorrent.
"I could feel bad about creating a tool that could be used for piracy,"
says the 23-year-old Holmes, a Bournemouth University software systems student. "However if I didn't create the tool, someone else would have."
After scanning the UPC on the DVD's packaging, the program looks up the number in a database to get the title. Then it automatically runs a search on your favorite torrent site.
Select the torrent of your choice, and Torrent Droid sends it to your home computer, assuming your PC is running uTorrent with a web interface. If your broadband connection is fast and the checkout line slow, your movie will be waiting for you when you get home.
Holmes says the program will be for sale on his website, Zerofate, in about a month.
The idea for the application came from the website Android and Me, which offered a cash reward to the first developer who could create a working version for Google's Android. Holmes won the $90 award with his "very private alpha" version of the software, shown in the video.
(Hat tip: TorrentFreak)
See Also:
CHAPEL HILL, NC—Disgraced former senator and democratic presidential candidate John Edwards told reporters Friday that while he has no plans to run for president in 2016, he has nonetheless registered Edwards2016.com because "you never know." "I'm definitely not going to run—it's completely out of the question—but it never hurts to keep your options open," said Edwards, whose political career effectively ended after it was revealed that he had fathered a child with a former campaign worker while his wife was dying of breast cancer. "It's only 30 bucks, so I figured, why not? Better safe than sorry." According to Edwards, if he does run, which he adamantly stated he was not going to do, he's already got a few campaign slogan ideas he brainstormed "just for the hell of it."
Advertisement
Binge watching is the cool new way to binge! So new that the wiki article was made barely over a year ago. This is only the beginning, though, because binging is the FUTURE. Here are some exciting binge trends to look out for in the near future:
Binge-Driving
Sure, this could be called a “joyride” or a “road trip,” but Binge-Driving is the new cool! Just get in the car and DRIVE until the car breaks down or you soar off of a pier and into the ocean.
Binge-Farming
You ever get so hooked on something that it became your profession? Someday there will be people on the planet who spend all of their time growing crops out of the ground. They might even LIVE on these “plant camps.”
Binge-Architectural-Engineering
This is when you wake up on the couch in the morning you're surrounded by blueprints for skyscrapers. We've all been there at least once, but it's really going to pick up once once we finally enter the urban-sprawled dystopian retrofuture you see in sci-fi movies.
Binge-Drinking
You know how it's fun to have a drink or two to loosen up? Well, what if instead we drank to excess?? That'd be NUTS.
In the meantime, we suggest saying goodbye to moderation by going back and reading all 900 of our old comics, binge-style.
wes
Nearly every mass shooting incident in the last twenty years, and multiple other instances of suicide and isolated shootings all share one thing in common, and its not the weapons used.
The overwhelming evidence suggests the single largest common factor in all of these incidents is that all of the perpetrators were either actively taking powerful psychotropic drugs or had been at some point in the immediate past before they committed their crimes.
Multiple credible scientific studies going back more than a decade, as well as internal documents from certain pharmaceutical companies that suppressed the information show that SSRI drugs ( Selective Serotonin Re-Uptake Inhibitors ) have well known, but unreported side effects, including but not limited to suicide and other violent behavior. One need only Google relevant key words or phrases to see for themselves. www.ssristories.com is one popular site that has documented over 4500 “ Mainstream Media “ reported cases from around the World of aberrant or violent behavior by those taking these powerful drugs… … On to the list of mass shooters and the stark link to psychotropic drugs.
===========================================
============================================
1. Eric Harris age 17 (first on Zoloft then Luvox) and Dylan Klebold aged 18 (Columbine school shooting in Littleton, Colorado), killed 12 students and 1 teacher, and wounded 23 others, before killing themselves. Klebold's medical records have never been made available to the public.
2. Jeff Weise, age 16, had been prescribed 60 mg/day of Prozac (three times the average starting dose for adults!) when he shot his grandfather, his grandfather's girlfriend and many fellow students at Red Lake, Minnesota. He then shot himself. 10 dead, 12 wounded,
3. Cory Baadsgaard, age 16, Wahluke (Washington state) High School, was on Paxil (which caused him to have hallucinations) when he took a rifle to his high school and held 23 classmates hostage. He has no memory of the event.
4. Chris Fetters, age 13, killed his favorite aunt while taking Prozac.
5. Christopher Pittman, age 12, murdered both his grandparents while taking Zoloft.
6. Mathew Miller, age 13, hanged himself in his bedroom closet after taking Zoloft for 6 days.
7. Kip Kinkel, age 15, (on Prozac and Ritalin) shot his parents while they slept then went to school and opened fire killing 2 classmates and injuring 22 shortly after beginning Prozac treatment.
8. Luke Woodham, age 16 (Prozac) killed his mother and then killed two students, wounding six others.
9. A boy in Pocatello, ID (Zoloft) in 1998 had a Zoloft-induced seizure that caused an armed stand off at his school.
10. Michael Carneal (Ritalin), age 14, opened fire on students at a high school prayer meeting in West Paducah, Kentucky. Three teenagers were killed, five others were wounded..
11. A young man in Huntsville, Alabama (Ritalin) went psychotic chopping up his parents with an ax and also killing one sibling and almost murdering another.
12. Andrew Golden, age 11, (Ritalin) and Mitchell Johnson, aged 14, (Ritalin) shot 15 people, killing four students, one teacher, and wounding 10 others.
13. TJ Solomon, age 15, (Ritalin) high school student in Conyers, Georgia opened fire on and wounded six of his classmates .
14. Rod Mathews, age 14, (Ritalin) beat a classmate to death with a bat.
15. James Wilson, age 19, (various psychiatric drugs) from Breenwood, South Carolina, took a . 22 caliber revolvers into an elementary school killing two young girls, and wounding seven other children and two teachers.
16. Elizabeth Bush, age 13, (Paxil) was responsible for a school shooting in Pennsylvania
17. Jason Hoffman (Effexor and Celexa) – school shooting in El Cajon, California
18. Jarred Viktor, age 15, (Paxil), after five days on Paxil he stabbed his grandmother 61 times.
19. Chris Shanahan, age 15 (Paxil) in Rigby, ID who out of the blue killed a woman.
This picture above is from Bill Coopers book “Behold The Pale Horse”
20. Jeff Franklin (Prozac and Ritalin), Huntsville, AL, killed his parents as they came home from work using a sledge hammer, hatchet, butcher knife and mechanic's file, then attacked his younger brothers and sister.
21. Neal Furrow (Prozac) in LA Jewish school shooting reported to have been court-ordered to be on Prozac along with several other medications.
22. Kevin Rider, age 14, was withdrawing from Prozac when he died from a gunshot wound to his head. Initially it was ruled a suicide, but two years later, the investigation into his death was opened as a possible homicide. The prime suspect, also age 14, had been taking Zoloft and other SSRI antidepressants.
23. Alex Kim, age 13, hanged himself shortly after his Lexapro prescription had been doubled.
24. Diane Routhier was prescribed Welbutrin for gallstone problems. Six days later, after suffering many adverse effects of the drug, she shot herself.
25. Billy Willkomm, an accomplished wrestler and a University of Florida student, was prescribed Prozac at the age of 17. His family found him dead of suicide – hanging from a tall ladder at the family's Gulf Shore Boulevard home in July 2002.
26. Kara Jaye Anne Fuller-Otter, age 12, was on Paxil when she hanged herself from a hook in her closet. Kara's parents said “…. the damn doctor wouldn't take her off it and I asked him to when we went in on the second visit. I told him I thought she was having some sort of reaction to Paxil…”)
27. Gareth Christian, Vancouver, age 18, was on Paxil when he committed suicide in 2002, (Gareth's father could not accept his son's death and killed himself.)
28. Julie Woodward, age 17, was on Zoloft when she hanged herself in her family's detached garage.
29. Matthew Miller was 13 when he saw a psychiatrist because he was having difficulty at school. The psychiatrist gave him samples of Zoloft. Seven days later his mother found him dead, hanging by a belt from a laundry hook in his closet.
30. Kurt Danysh, age 18, and on Prozac, killed his father with a shotgun. He is now behind prison bars, and writes letters, trying to warn the world that SSRI drugs can kill.
31. Woody ____, age 37, committed suicide while in his 5th week of taking Zoloft. Shortly before his death his physician suggested doubling the dose of the drug. He had seen his physician only for insomnia. He had never been depressed, nor did he have any history of any mental illness symptoms.
32. A boy from Houston, age 10, shot and killed his father after his Prozac dosage was increased.
33. Hammad Memon, age 15, shot and killed a fellow middle school student. He had been diagnosed with ADHD and depression and was taking Zoloft and “other drugs for the conditions.”
34. Matti Saari, a 22-year-old culinary student, shot and killed 9 students and a teacher, and wounded another student, before killing himself. Saari was taking an SSRI and a benzodiazapine.
35. Steven Kazmierczak, age 27, shot and killed five people and wounded 21 others before killing himself in a Northern Illinois University auditorium. According to his girlfriend, he had recently been taking Prozac, Xanax and Ambien. Toxicology results showed that he still had trace amounts of Xanax in his system.
36. Finnish gunman Pekka-Eric Auvinen, age 18, had been taking antidepressants before he killed eight people and wounded a dozen more at Jokela High School – then he committed suicide.
37. Asa Coon from Cleveland, age 14, shot and wounded four before taking his own life. Court records show Coon was on Trazodone.
38. Jon Romano, age 16, on medication for depression, fired a shotgun at a teacher in his New York high school…
Missing from list… 3 of 4 known to have taken these same meds….
What drugs was Jared Lee Loughner on, age 21…… killed 6 people and injuring 14 others in Tuscon, Az
What drugs was James Eagan Holmes on, age 24….. killed 12 people and injuring 59 others in Aurora Colorado
What drugs was Jacob Tyler Roberts on, age 22, killed 2 injured 1, Clackamas Or
What drugs was Adam Peter Lanza on, age 20, Killed 26 and wounded 2 in Newtown Ct
Those focusing on further firearms bans or magazine restrictions are clearly focusing on the wrong issue and asking the wrong questions, either as a deliberate attempt to hide these links, or out of complete and utter ignorance.
Don't let them! Force our elected “representatives” and the media to cast a harsh spotlight on this issue. Don't stop hounding them until they do.
Source:
www.ammoland.com
As a homeowner, there are certain maintenance tasks, safety features, and basic pieces of knowledge about your property which you should know like the back of your hand. When your washer springs a leak, do you know where the water shut-off is? When your teenage daughters have overloaded a bathroom outlet, do you know where your electrical panel is to flip the breaker switch? When you're thinking of building a new fence, do you know your property line so you don't get into a kerfuffle with a neighbor?
With some basic knowledge of your home, you'll be confident in answering these questions, and more.
Below you'll find a list of things every homeowner should know the location and operation of for safety, maintenance, and peace of mind.
1. Electrical Panel(s)
Every home will have at least one main electrical panel which controls all the electricity entering your home. It is generally somewhere off the beaten path: in a closet, basement, garage, etc. In some instances, it may be outside — this is generally the case with newer or remodeled homes in dry environs (we've had outdoor panels here in Colorado). If you're having trouble, consult your original home inspection, or call the electrical company.
You'll need to access the panel most often for two fairly common scenarios: an outlet in your home has been overloaded, which has blown a fuse (although this is common verbiage, panels don't use fuses anymore, but rather circuits), and you need to reset it in order to restore power; or, you or an electrician is doing some electrical work (like installing a new outlet or light fixture), and power needs to be turned off to certain areas.
When you open the cover plate, there is usually one big switch at the top, followed by a row or rows of smaller switches. The main switch at the top will turn off electricity to your entire dwelling. The switches below control individual areas, rooms, or even dedicated appliances in your home. These switches should be labeled; if not, you and a partner can often figure them out by turning on everything in your home, and systematically flipping the switches to see what turns off (just know you're resetting clocks, sprinkler timers, etc.). You can also pay an electrician to do a more thorough job of it, although they pretty much do the same thing.
Some homes also have subpanels in addition to the main. These are simply smaller electrical panels that control a separate region of your home or property. They were likely added because the space was either very far away from the main, there was a home addition which needed a substantial amount of electricity wired to it, or new electrical work was done to upgrade or get something up to code. You'll often find them for garages, outbuildings, or additions.
2. Water Shut-Offs
Knowing where you can turn the water supply off for your appliances and for your home is an important safety matter. There are multiple instances in which you'd need to turn water off: an appliance has sprung a leak, you're leaving for vacation and want to turn the water off as a precaution, you're doing some DIY plumbing work, etc.
You'll generally have individual shut-off valves for any water source in your home: toilets, faucets, ice makers, water heaters, washers — you name it. They come in a variety of shapes, and are sometimes in a funny location. What you may not have is an accessible shut-off for tubs/showers. Sometimes you'll have panels, or access in spaces behind bathrooms, but in many cases you'd need a plumber to shut off those water sources.
You'll also then have a main shut-off which would cut water to the entire house. In warmer environs, this is often found outside. In colder areas (basically anywhere with a noticeable winter), it's usually inside, often in basements, laundry rooms, utility closets, etc.
3. Gas Meter and Shut-Offs
Much like your water shut-offs, your gas valves are also important to know for safety reasons. As with water appliances, your gas appliances will have individual valves to turn them off. This includes ovens, water heaters, clothes dryers, fireplaces, etc.
There's also a master shut-off which will cut your entire home's gas supply. This will be located at the exterior of your home, on the gas meter. It does require a wrench to turn off, which can be bought on Amazon. Some homes also have a master shut-off inside the home in addition to the master at the meter.
In the vast majority of cases, emergency and utility personnel would rather you not turn off the master switch for your gas, largely because it usually stems from a dangerous situation. If you detect a gas leak that can't be remedied by shutting off the appliance's dedicated valve, you should be getting out of dodge and calling 911 and/or the gas company.
4. Attic Access
It may seem an overly easy thing to figure out (on your upper floor, find a small door/entryway into your ceiling), but in some cases it's a tad more complicated. Some houses, especially with additions, have more than one attic access. For instance, in our current home, there's one attic access outside our bedroom for the main part of the house, and another access in the garage for the addition that was put on a few years back. You'll want to know this information for various repairs and upgrades like adding insulation or mending a roof leak. Locating the access point may indeed be easy, but it's best to actually inspect and be sure that it covers the whole footprint of the house. If not, look for another access point.
5. Sewer Access
Every home should have a sewer access point (or points) called a “clean-out” which gives plumbers access to your line in case of emergency. These are where lines are snaked in to unclog obstructions, as well as camera lines to inspect the condition of pipes.
There's often one along the exterior of the home, or possibly even in the yard; this is your main sewer line which connects to the city's. If it hasn't been used in a while, it could be buried by some grass or mulch. If you can't find it, sometimes you'll find an “S” marked on the curb in front (or on the side) of your home. This marks a sewer line; follow that “S” in a straight line to your home, and you'll likely find your clean-out along that line. If that doesn't work, you can contact a local plumber, or even the city sewer department for assistance.
Some homes don't have this exterior clean-out if their plumbing systems were built before modern building codes (my current 1952 home does not have this, for instance), or if improper plumbing changes were made to the home. One can (and frankly should) be added, but it's spendy; it can easily get into four digits.
In addition to that main line, your home may have other clean-outs located within the structure, often in a crawl space or basement. Knowing where these are helps any plumbers that may come to your home, but also gives you the confidence of having a working knowledge of your home.
6. Hot Water Temperature Gauge
This is a small thing, but important to know nonetheless. Water that heats to over 120 degrees F can quickly scald you and your family members (especially children). You do actually have control over how hot your water gets with a temperature gauge on the water heater tank itself. Most modern heaters are pre-set at 120, but if you have an older model, it may be set hotter than that. With an easy turn of the dial, you can ensure your family's safety.
Another use is if your water gets very hot, very quickly, you can turn the dial down and have a more gradual build up. It may also come in handy if you'd prefer cooler water than even 120 degrees when trying to save money or increase your energy efficiency.
7. Property Line
Every homeowner has a rough idea of their property line. It'll follow driveways, fence lines, city roads, etc. But most homeowners don't really know exactly where their property line is. Most of the time, this isn't a problem. But there are definitely instances where knowing the exact line is important:
A neighbor's tree limbs are overhanging your property and possibly endangering your roof; you have the right to trim those trees to your property line.
You're expanding or adding to your structures, be it a home addition, a new shed, etc. If it encroaches on a neighboring property, you could be set back thousands of dollars fixing it. Some neighbors don't care, but some do. Don't take the risk.
You're working on the yard and taking care of landscaping, but you're on a corner and you aren't sure if something is your responsibility or the city's. Knowing your property line clears up the confusion.
To find your property line, you have a few options:
SUMMARY:
Yes, this is a scam. Not maybe. Not possibly. Wright is pretending he has Satoshi's signature on Sartre's writing. That would mean he has the private key, and is likely to be Satoshi. What he actually has is Satoshi's signature on parts of the public Blockchain, which of course means he doesn't need the private key and he doesn't need to be Satoshi. He just needs to make you think Satoshi signed something else besides the Blockchain — like Sartre. He doesn't publish Sartre. He publishes 14% of one document. He then shows you a hash that's supposed to summarize the entire document. This is a lie. It's a hash extracted from the Blockchain itself. Ryan Castellucci (my engineer at White Ops and master of Bitcoin Fu) put an extractor here. Of course the Blockchain is totally public and of course has signatures from Satoshi, so Wright being able to lift a signature from here isn't surprising at all. He probably would have gotten away with it if the signature itself wasn't googlable by Redditors. I think Gavin et al are victims of another scam, and Wright's done classic misdirection by generating different scams for different audiences.
===
UPDATE: This signature does actually validate, you just have to use a different version of OpenSSL than I did originally.
Of course, if this is the signature that already went out with that block, it doesn't matter. So I'm looking into that right now.
Update 2:
OK, yes, this is intentional scammery. This is the 2009 transaction. See this:
And then, that hex is of course this hex, as in the zip below:
Of course that's exactly what Uptrenda on Reddit posted. Gotta give Wright very small props, that's a mildly clever replay attack, foiled by total lack of QA.
====
So Craig Wright is claiming to be Satoshi, and importantly, Gavin Andreson believes him. I say importantly because normally I wouldn't even give this document a second thought, it's obviously scam style. But Gavin. Yet, the procedure that's supposed to prove Dr. Wright is Satoshi is aggressively, almost-but-not-quite maliciously resistant to actual validation. OK, anyone can take screenshots of their terminal, but sha256sums of everything but the one file you actually would like a hash of? More importantly, lots of discussion of how cryptography works, but not why we should consider this particular public key interesting.
But it could actually be interesting. This public key claimed is indeed from a very early block, which was the constraint I myself declared.
But for those with an open mind, moving a few chunks of the so-called “bitcoin a billion” should be proof enough, says Dan Kaminsky, a well-known security researcher with a history of bitcoin analysis. Even the theory that Wright might have somehow hacked Nakamoto's computer hardly discounts that proof, Kaminsky argues. “Every computer can be hacked. But if he hacked Satoshi, then this guy knew who the real Satoshi was, and that's more than what the rest of us can say,” Kaminsky points out. “If Wright does a transaction with one of these keys, he's done something no other wannabe-Satoshi has done, and we should recognize that.”
OK, it's not a key attached to the Bitcoin a billion, but Block 9 is close enough for me. The bigger issue is that I can't actually get the process to yield a valid signature. I've gone over the data a few times, and the signature isn't actually validating. I'm not going to read too much into this because Dr. Wright didn't actually post an OpenSSL version, and who knows if something changed. But it is important to realize — anyone can claim a public key, that's why they're called public keys. The signature actually does need to validate and I haven't gotten it to work.
I could have missed something, it's pretty late. So here's the binary blobs — nobody should have to try to hand transcribe and validate hex like this. If I had to speculate, it's just some serious fat fingering, where the signature is actually across some other message (like that Sartre text we see 14% of). Alternate explanations have to be … unlikely.
UPDATE:
*facepalm*
Scalia On Constitution and Gays
In an interview, Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia says the Constitution doesn't promise protections for women and gays.
California Lawyer asked Scalia the following question: "In 1868, when the 39th Congress was debating and ultimately proposing the 14th Amendment, I don't think anybody would have thought that equal protection applied to sex discrimination, or certainly not to sexual orientation. So does that mean that we've gone off in error by applying the 14th Amendment to both?"
The ultraconservative judge replied that the Constitution doesn't require discrimination against minorities, but that it certainly doesn't prohibit it.
"Nobody ever thought that that's what it meant," Scalia said of the 14th Amendment protecting women. "Nobody ever voted for that. If the current society wants to outlaw discrimination by sex, hey we have things called legislatures, and they enact things called laws."
Scalia's responses were met with sharp criticism by some. "In these comments, Justice Scalia says if Congress wants to protect laws that prohibit sex discrimination, that's up to them," Marcia Greenberger, founder of the National Women's Law Center, told The Huffington Post. "But what if they want to pass laws that discriminate?"
By Minds
The terrorist organization ISIS, is known to promote its activities by exploiting the open nature of the Internet. This includes recruiting through social networks like Facebook and Twitter, and using sites like YouTube to publish propaganda videos.
They also make use of available web services to guard their sites against cyberattacks and hide their locations.
According to information provided by anti-terrorist hacker group GhostSec, close to 40 pro-ISIS websites are using the services of a Silicon Valley company called CloudFlare. CloudFlare is a content delivery network that provides services to speed up websites and render them virtually immune to distributed denial of service, or DDS, cyberattacks that can overload websites to bring them offline.
Among the sites, 34 are for spreading propaganda, 4 are terrorist forums, and 2 offer technical services. A brief perusal of the sites showed they heap praise on ISIS, promote terrorist attacks, and some are used as chatrooms for extremists.
ISIS recruiters on social media often direct people to these websites, according to “WauchulaGhost,” a cyberoperations director with GhostSec. GhostSec's attempts to disrupt these sites have run into problems as ISIS recruiters have turned to web services to block their efforts.
WauchulaGhost said CloudFlare hides the origin of the sites, and “with the site being ‘hidden' it's harder to be taken down, not only by us, but by our own government as well.”
Many online efforts used by ISIS go through open services, and this places providers of these services in a difficult spot. Sites like Google regularly index websites both good and bad, and ISIS terrorists can create new Facebook and Twitter accounts as quickly as they're pulled offline.
According to CloudFlare spokesperson Daniella Vallurupalli, they're in a similar position. She said in an email that CloudFlare has more than a million customers, and close to 5,000 new sites register with their services each day.
Digital Counterterrorism
GhostSec is an affiliate of the Anonymous hacker collective. GhostSec launches cyberattacks against ISIS recruiting websites, and occasionally passes information on planned terrorist attacks to government agencies.
WauchulaGhost said when they find information on threats, they forward it to the government, yet noted they “do not work for the gov in any way shape or form.”
“We do this as a free service to not only the USA but to all countries of the world. Ghost Security's mission is to eliminate the online presence of the ISIS extremist group,” he said.
Earlier this year, their information helped thwart a planned ISIS terrorist attack in Tunisia, and may have stopped a similar attack on New York City.
The work that GhostSec is doing is … making it harder for people to find ways to communicate with them. We are slowing down their communication process.
— WauchulaGhost, GhostSec, anti-terrorism hacker group
Some hacker groups that launch attacks against terrorist websites, however, have had conflicts with CloudFlare over their policy for websites that promote terrorism.
For example, CloudFlare was provided with a list of terrorist sites, but their apparent practice is not to revoke service for sites based on content, unless they're ordered to by authorities. Vallurupalli said “CloudFlare will comply with all valid U.S. court orders and we work with law enforcement authorities and honor valid legal requests.”
CloudFlare's position was outlined in a Aug. 9, 2013, blog post from CloudFlare CEO Matthew Prince, which Vallurupalli referenced in response to questions about their policies.
“One of the greatest strengths of the United States is a belief that speech, particularly political speech, is sacred. A website, of course, is nothing but speech,” Prince states.
CloudFlare has been accused of providing service to similar sites in the past. Prince's response was that “a website is speech. It is not a bomb.”
Prince generally takes a strong stance against censorship, and seems to regard censorship of any kind as a slippery slope which he prefers to avoid.
He also says CloudFlare does not monitor content of websites using its services, stating “we do not believe that ‘investigating' the speech that flows through our network is appropriate. In fact, we think doing so would be creepy.”
Between Speech and Violence
CloudFlare's stance has concerned many hackers trying to fight digital terrorism. GhostSec, Anonymous, and other groups are launching cyberattacks against ISIS websites in efforts to stop ISIS from spreading its propaganda and recruiting new members.
From their vantage, which includes going toe-to-toe with ISIS recruiters online and at times monitoring terrorist online discussions, the websites used by ISIS aren't just about speech, but the promotion of violence—and the consequence could be the loss of innocent lives.
Websites used by ISIS aren't just about speech, but the promotion of violence
The cyber campaign, which they call “OpISIS,” runs into trouble when they find ISIS websites that have been rendered immune to their cyberattacks by using CloudFlare.
While CloudFlare doesn't host the sites directly, WauchulaGhost notes some of the sites use “Always On Technology,” which means “even if the site goes offline, a cached copy is on CloudFlare's servers.”
“If it stores cached content, isn't it hosting as well?” WauchulaGhost stated.
CloudFlare also offers free services, but according to WauchulaGhost, security certificates (SSL certificates) used by many of the ISIS websites show they're using CloudFlare's paid services.
WauchulaGhost noted we are seeing more and more about ISIS in the news, and shared his concern that “if these sites remain up it will just cause more damage, more attacks.”
“The work that GhostSec is doing is slowing down this process,” he said. “We are making it harder for people to find ways to communicate with them. We are slowing down their communication process.”
Groups of angry ethnic Serbs set fire to offices at the Jarinje and Banja border crossing stations between Kosovo and Serbia, forcing NATO troops to intervene for the first time since Kosovo declared independence on Sunday, February 17.
Kosovo police manning the post called for help from the NATO
peacekeeping force, KFOR, which said it was stepping in. KFOR forces in the district include French, Danish, Belgian and American units.
There were no reported casualties, and a spokesperson for the 17,000-strong, NATO-led Kosovo peacekeeping forces KFOR told the AFP news agency that the incidents were "regrettable."
In the nearby town of Mitrovica, around a thousand ethnic Serbs demonstrated against independence for Kosovo, which is overwhelmingly Albanian. The protestors chanted "Kosovo is Serbia" and marched to a bridge spanning the river that divides Mitrovica's Serbian and Albanian districts.
Along the way, they attacked a NATO vehicle with sticks and stones. Kosovo has been under United Nations administration since 1999, when NATO drove Serbian forces out of the territory.
Solana swing-by
The EU hopes it can help preserve stability in Kosovo
Amidst the unrest, the European Union's foreign policy chief Javier Solana paid a brief visit to Kosovo for discussions with Kosovar President Fatmir Sedjiu and Prime Minister Hashim Thaci.
"We are good friends of Kosovo, and Kosovo is good friends with the European Union," said Solana in a brief statement to reporters.
An independent Kosovo would be a potential candidate for accession to the EU -- a very distant prospect, to which Solana also alluded.
"The European perspective of all of the countries of the region is open," Solana said. "The joy that has been shown on the streets of Pristina and all over Kosovo has now to be converted into constructive and positive energy, to move towards the development of society."
The EU is preparing a 2000-strong contingent to take over the UN's duties in Kosovo. Serbia has fiercely rejected the idea of Kosovo becoming a full-fledged nation.
Independence splits world opinion
Angry Serbs destroy and burn UN vehicles
Most Western nations support Kosovo's independence. The United States, Britain and France have all recognized Kosovo as a nation, and most other EU nations, including Germany, are set to follow suit.
But some EU member states with minority separatist movements, most prominently Spain, have rejected the declaration from the Kosovan capital Pristina.
And China and especially Russia opposes the creation of an independent Kosovo. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said he had talked to his American counterpart Condoleezza Rice by phone about Kosovo on Monday, February 18.
"On our side, we confirmed our principled position on the unacceptability of one-sided acts of Pristina declaring its independence," Lavrov wrote in a brief official statement. "We underlined the dangerous consequences of such a step, fraught as it is with the destruction of the principles of peace and order and international stability, which have been developed over decades."
Back in 2000, he was at the centre of an image that has since become iconic for Indian fast bowling
42.1: on yer bike, mate Tom Shaw / © Getty Images
To understand some endings you need to go back to the beginning.
Fifteen years ago, on a June afternoon in Dhaka, India lost the toss in a must-win game against Pakistan in the Asia Cup. And with it they lost the match. Over the next three hours Ajit Agarkar, Amit Bhandari and T Kumaran would be pounded for 208 runs in 30 overs. The prospects were bleak. Agarkar had lost much of his early sparkle, especially the zippy yorker that used to castle batsmen at the death; the debutant, Bhandari, posed no threat in these benign conditions; and Kumaran, in his eighth ODI, was ravaged for 86 off his ten overs. He would not play for India again.
Pakistan piled on 295, thanks mostly to Yousuf Youhana, who toyed with the bowling like a cat with a half-dead mouse, and marched to the final with a comfortable win. The Indian loss, and their exit from the tournament, exacerbated the despondency among the fans, especially in the wake of the match-fixing muck that was flung upon some high-profile cricketers. No loss was complete without murmurs and suppositions. No costly bowling spell or irresponsible shot could pass without scrutiny. The game had lost much sheen. The game was losing its soul.
A few months on, India entered the Champions Trophy as nobodies. The batting seemed too reliant on Sachin Tendulkar, the bowling too reliant on Anil Kumble. And their new captain, Sourav Ganguly, appeared to be still learning the ropes. Sure, they would overcome Kenya in the pre-quarter-final but would they stand a chance against the might of the reigning world champions? Could they even put up a fight?
The quarter-final kicked off promisingly - Tendulkar fire-starting the innings with three fours and three sixes, 18-year-old Yuvraj Singh smoking an 80-ball 84 - but for all the excitement that the batting ignited, Australia were still chasing a manageable 266. When 42 were needed off 36, with Steve Waugh still in and Brett Lee cracking a car's windshield with one of his three sixes, victory was within grasp.
For those who had watched Indian cricket over the previous decade and a half, this was the phase in the match when palms met faces and heads turned skywards. When a thousand sorry memories flooded in: Lance Klusener towelling Agarkar in the 1999 World Cup, in Hove; Brian Lara outwitting Javagal Srinath and Anil Kumble in the semi-final of the 1998 ICC Knockout in Dhaka; Arjuna Ranatunga and Hashan Tillakaratne chasing 272 in the World Cup group match in Delhi in 1996; and the mother of all meltdowns against Javed Miandad in Sharjah in 1986. So rare were the games when India's bowlers held their nerve (against Pakistan in the 1992 World Cup, against South Africa in the Hero Cup semi-final in Calcutta) that they appeared like little but bolts from the blue. When the opposition needed to score a run a ball, it was safe to assume that India would crumble.
He is spotted by TA Sekhar, who takes down his address and later writes him a letter (a letter!), asking him to attend trials at the MRF Pace Foundation in Chennai
Enter Zaheer Khan from Shrirampur, an emergence so accidental that had it not been for a supportive father, a fortuitous vacation and an eagle-eyed coach, he might have never played competitive cricket.
Imagine the scenario: boy finishes class 12, boy asks father to take him to Mumbai, boy and father roam about the Mumbai maidans, boy and father happen to pass by National Cricket Club, boy meets former India Test cricketer Sudhir Naik and boy tells Naik that he is a fast bowler (though he has played no cricket with the leather ball so far). Naik sees the boy bowl and, after two practice sessions, is impressed enough to convince the boy to stay back in Mumbai. Boy soon plays first-division cricket, then plays for Mumbai Under-19 and West Zone U-19 - at which point he is spotted by TA Sekhar, who (wait for it) takes down his address and later writes him a letter (a letter!), asking him to attend trials at the MRF Pace Foundation in Chennai. Once there, the boy impresses the great Dennis Lillee and is inducted into the foundation. And there you have it. In the Twitterverse the reaction to this journey may be a succinct "WTF". Except, this is how Indian cricket often finds diamonds: not through streamlined academies or talent hunts or feeder systems but through sheer randomness.
The MRF Pace Foundation is important. It doesn't make much of a splash these days but back in the late 1990s it was a beacon of hope for a nation starved of fast bowlers. If Lillee thought a young bowler was promising, fans held their breath, waiting for the day when one man in a billion could bowl faster than 140kph and swing the ball at high speeds, zeroing in on batsmen's toes. Such was the desperation. This was partly because the '90s was a golden decade for pace, the heyday of Ambrose, Walsh, Pollock, Donald, Wasim and Waqar. Indian batsmen were undone by reverse-swinging sandshoe crushers and bouncy rip-snorters. In 1999, Shoaib Akhtar bowled two deliveries that silenced Eden Gardens. Two Tests earlier, Akram had wrecked havoc in Chennai. So we moped and occasionally hoped, wondering if India would ever find bowlers capable of such velocity and precision. Would an Indian ever be able to thrill us with speed?
Which brings us to the first ball of the 43rd over in Nairobi. Zaheer bounded in, his run-up gathering momentum as he approached the crease, and leaped into his delivery stride with a touch of menace. Steve Waugh backed away slightly. Zaheer kept it straight and full, arrowing in on leg stump. Waugh tried to adjust and angle it through the off side. But the ball was too fast and too accurate. Klatak: a clatter through the stump mic. The leg stump tilted right. The bails flew left. Zaheer howled a cathartic howl, raised his left hand high and punched downward - as if planting a flag on the pitch, setting a marker for future Indian fast bowlers to aspire to.
It is an image that needs to be framed. With that one ball, Zaheer aroused a wide range of viewers: he commanded young Indian kids in far-flung cities to pick up a ball and demolish the stumps; he assured a young team that a fast bowler could win them close games in big tournaments against one of the best sides in the world; and he offered those watching a promise of a new dawn, a promise he would keep over a decade in his remarkable journey from raw pace bowler to an undisputed master of the craft.
Siddhartha Vaidyanathan is a writer based in the USA
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Overview (3)
Born March 30, 1976 in Bogotá, Colombia Birth Name Lillo Brancato Jr. Height 5' 8" (1.73 m)
Mini Bio (1)
Lillo Brancato was born on March 30, 1976 in Bogotá, Colombia as Lillo Brancato Jr. He is an actor and producer, known for A Bronx Tale (1993), Crimson Tide (1995) and Renaissance Man (1994).
trademark (1)
Reminiscent of Actor Robert De Niro
Trivia (7)
He was discovered while swimming at Jones Beach by talent scouts who were searching for Robert De Niro look-alikes. It was his impersonation of De Niro from Taxi Driver (1976) that won him the role of young Calogero.
At four months of age, he was adopted and subsequently raised in Yonkers, New York.
Parents are Lillo Brancato, Sr. and Domenica Brancato. His younger brother, Vincent Brancato, had a small uncredited part in A Bronx Tale (1993). Vincent was one of the boys who jumped onto the back of the bus driven by Robert De Niro . Vincent was the one closest to the screen.
In December 2005 he was arrested and hospitalized after he and a friend, Steven Armento, were shot by off-duty New York City police officer Daniel Enchautegui when the officer caught them committing a burglary. Amento was armed and fired at the officer, who died of his wounds. He was sentenced to life in prison for murder. Brancato, who was not armed at the time, was also shot by the officer and left in critical condition. He was convicted of attempted burglary and sentenced to ten years in prison.
Serving a 10 year sentence at Oneida Correctional Facility in Rome, N.Y., for a 2005 burglary, which resulted in the death of an off-duty police officer. He has reportedly kicked his drug habit and earned his high-school equivalency diploma. He will be eligible for parole beginning in 2014. [January 2011]
Was released from prison on December 31, 2013.
He was cast in a small role in American Sniper (2014) but his parole officer wouldn't allow him to travel to Morocco for filming.
Personal Quotes (1)
I consider myself Italian ... I was raised to eat pasta.
Rockefeller pushes to rein in EPA
By Juliet Eilperin
Sen. John D. Rockefeller (D-WVa.) will introduce legislation Thursday to impose a two-year moratorium on the Environmental Protection Agency's ability to regulate greenhouse gases from power plants and other stationary emitters, a move that could undermine the Obama administration's plan to pursue a cap on carbon emissions in the face of congressional opposition.
Rockefeller's bill, one of several recent congressional efforts to curb the EPA's authority to address climate change under the Clean Air Act, highlights the resistance the administration will face if it attempts to limit carbon dioxide through regulation. Obama and his top deputies have repeatedly said they would prefer for Congress to set mandatory, nationwide limits on greenhouse gas emissions, but the EPA is moving ahead with plans to do so if legislation fails to pass this year.
"Today, we took important action to safeguard jobs, the coal industry, and the entire economy as we move toward clean coal technology," Rockefeller said. "This legislation will issue a two-year suspension on EPA regulation of greenhouse gases from stationary sources--giving Congress the time it needs to address an issue as complicated and expansive as our energy future. Congress, not the EPA, must be the ideal decision-maker on such a challenging issue."
Republicans, too, have repeatedly tried to rein in the EPA's climate authority--Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) has introduced a resolution of disapproval that would overturn the agency's scientific finding that greenhouse gases endanger public health and welfare, and House Republicans introduced their own version of the resolution this week. But Rockefeller's effort is especially significant because it points to growing unease among Democrats over the prospect of the administration tackling climate change without explicit congressional approval.
Three Senate Democrats--Blanche Lincoln (Ark.), Mary Landrieu (La.) and Ben Nelson (Neb.)--are co-sponsoring Murkowksi's resolution. House Agriculture Committee Chairman Collin C. Peterson (D-Minn.) and Armed Services Chairman Ike Skelton (D-Mo.) have introduced a similar measure, and House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Nick J. Rahall (D-WVa), along with Democratic Reps. Alan Mollohan (WVa) and Rick Boucher (D-Va.), will introduce a companion bill to Rockefeller's. In addition, Rep. Earl Pomeroy (D-N.D.) has introduced a measure that would strip the EPA of its authority to regulate pollution linked to global warming.
A 2007 Supreme Court ruling gave the EPA the authority to regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act, and by the end of this month the agency is slated to impose the first-ever greenhouse gas limits on emissions from cars and light-trucks. While that set of rules--the product of a deal between the auto industry, the federal government and more than a dozen states--is not controversial, EPA's plan to then target power plants and other industrial facilities has sparked serious opposition.
Environmentalists have opposed any attempts to undermine the EPA's Clean Air Act authority, seeing it as both a dangerous precedent and a serious blow to the administration's ability to cope with climate change if Congress fails to pass a bill. While the House passed climate legislation in June, the Senate is still divided on whether to adopt a bill setting limits on greenhouse gases.
Tim Wirth, president of the U.N. Foundation, said the House-passed bill already provided several concessions to the coal industry, and urged President Obama to stop Rockefeller's legislation.
"The president ought to veto it, period," Wirth said. "This is a huge affront to his authority, and it's exactly what the coal industry wants. The coal industry has everything it wants in legislation, and now it wants more."
Two weeks ago a group of coal-state Democrats--led by Rockefeller--wrote EPA administrator Lisa P. Jackson, asking her to outline her timeline for regulating greenhouse gas emitters under the Clean Air Act. Jackson replied that she would not target major emitters of carbon dioxide until 2011, and many smaller facilities would not face regulation until 2016.
But this move did not satisfy Rockefeller, who usually serves as one of the administration's close allies.
"This is a positive change and good progress, but I am concerned it may not be enough time," he said. "We must set this delay in stone and give Congress enough time to consider a comprehensive energy bill to develop the clean coal technologies we need. At a time when so many people are hurting, we need to put decisions about clean coal and our energy future into the hands of the people and their elected representatives, not a federal environmental agency."
Posted by: snorbertzangox | March 8, 2010 5:13 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: liveride | March 7, 2010 11:05 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Eugene23 | March 6, 2010 1:17 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: JBaustian | March 5, 2010 12:33 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: commonsense70 | March 4, 2010 11:39 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: marinervn6971 | March 4, 2010 10:55 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: liveride | March 4, 2010 10:34 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: entomon | March 4, 2010 10:19 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: djmcfly | March 4, 2010 10:03 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: CurtJ | March 4, 2010 9:55 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: crash52 | March 4, 2010 9:21 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: ssmorehouse | March 4, 2010 9:08 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: steveboyington | March 4, 2010 8:46 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: SoldiersDad | March 4, 2010 7:17 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: exerda | March 4, 2010 6:11 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: GregBoo | March 4, 2010 5:52 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Muddy_Buddy_2000 | March 4, 2010 5:51 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: GregBoo | March 4, 2010 5:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: A1965bigdog | March 4, 2010 5:43 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: A1965bigdog | March 4, 2010 5:39 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: yourmomscalling | March 4, 2010 5:29 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: jcluma | March 4, 2010 5:19 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: snorbertzangox | March 4, 2010 4:53 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: kerrd | March 4, 2010 4:47 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: BringYourOwnBags | March 4, 2010 4:46 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: j2hess | March 4, 2010 4:32 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Rmunoz1 | March 4, 2010 4:23 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: askgees | March 4, 2010 4:21 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: askgees | March 4, 2010 4:18 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: askgees | March 4, 2010 4:11 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Pearl77 | March 4, 2010 4:00 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: silencedogoodreturns | March 4, 2010 3:54 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: bigbrother1 | March 4, 2010 3:26 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: paul5301 | March 4, 2010 3:06 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: lagnafrah | March 4, 2010 2:55 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: snorbertzangox | March 4, 2010 2:55 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: B2O2 | March 4, 2010 2:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: B2O2 | March 4, 2010 2:43 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: hit4cycle | March 4, 2010 2:43 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: returntocommonsense38 | March 4, 2010 2:35 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: 12thgenamerican | March 4, 2010 2:34 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Denswei | March 4, 2010 2:34 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: theobserver4 | March 4, 2010 2:33 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: bikes-everywhere | March 4, 2010 2:26 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: GarrisonLiberty | March 4, 2010 2:18 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Woodstocknative | March 4, 2010 2:13 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: ksilton | March 4, 2010 2:05 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: trenda | March 4, 2010 1:54 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: vmax02rider | March 4, 2010 1:33 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: ghokee | March 4, 2010 1:31 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: CALDEM | March 4, 2010 1:29 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: rpetitti | March 4, 2010 1:19 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: uh_huhh | March 4, 2010 12:57 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: exerda | March 4, 2010 12:49 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Rich393 | March 4, 2010 12:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: helloisanyoneoutthere | March 4, 2010 12:42 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: tarryh | March 4, 2010 12:33 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: wmcrae4 | March 4, 2010 12:24 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: SeanA1 | March 4, 2010 12:10 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Conservator | March 4, 2010 12:09 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: flaxseedsrgood | March 4, 2010 12:00 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: waters1 | March 4, 2010 11:37 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: exerda | March 4, 2010 11:32 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: jckdoors | March 4, 2010 11:31 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: SeanA1 | March 4, 2010 11:28 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: greeenmtns | March 4, 2010 11:25 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: exerda | March 4, 2010 11:23 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Ari_MR | March 4, 2010 11:21 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: RobertAJonesJr | March 4, 2010 11:18 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: hartwr1 | March 4, 2010 11:14 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: exerda | March 4, 2010 11:05 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Conservator | March 4, 2010 11:02 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: jmounday | March 4, 2010 10:58 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: roboturkey | March 4, 2010 10:49 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: anarcho-liberal-tarian | March 4, 2010 10:48 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: jef2 | March 4, 2010 10:47 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: bruce18 | March 4, 2010 10:46 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: jimblair1 | March 4, 2010 10:44 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: virgin12 | March 4, 2010 10:31 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Logic3 | March 4, 2010 10:29 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: rg_okc | March 4, 2010 10:27 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: missbarnette | March 4, 2010 10:27 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: missbarnette | March 4, 2010 10:26 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: janowicki | March 4, 2010 10:26 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: gormbroc | March 4, 2010 10:23 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: FLvet | March 4, 2010 10:21 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: moebius22 | March 4, 2010 10:21 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: org2 | March 4, 2010 10:20 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: NatinFallsChurch | March 4, 2010 10:19 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: thecomedian | March 4, 2010 10:16 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Whazzis | March 4, 2010 10:14 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: randers001104 | March 4, 2010 10:13 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Byrd3 | March 4, 2010 10:12 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Watermann | March 4, 2010 10:08 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: BigTrees | March 4, 2010 10:07 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: AlanBrowne | March 4, 2010 10:06 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: citizen4truth1 | March 4, 2010 10:06 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: drdavisdr | March 4, 2010 9:59 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: Muckrakers | March 4, 2010 9:51 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by: anarcho-liberal-tarian | March 4, 2010 9:44 AM
Report Offensive Comment
The year was 2006. The PC industry was growing, and so was the number of gamers and enthusiasts within it. Obsessed with performance, this community was increasingly tuning and modifying its hardware to eke out the fastest clock speeds and smoothest frame rates. More casual users were getting into overclocking, and the hardcore crowd was pushing new extremes with sub-zero cooling. Modding cases and other components was also becoming more popular as people sought new ways to personalize their PCs.
ASUS was quick to recognize the importance of these PC aficionados. Many of our own R&D engineers were gamers and overclockers at the time. They wanted to help hardcore tweakers harness the full potential of their CPUs and GPUs while also making performance easy to unlock for new recruits. They were driven to push the limits of other features to enhance every aspect of the user experience, too, and they wanted to do it in style by elevating PC components to a new level of luxury.
To realize their vision, these pioneering engineers and enthusiasts formed a new division within ASUS dubbed Project G and began working on a motherboard code-named Pluto. Project G morphed to become the Republic of Gamers, while Pluto spawned the original Crosshair motherboard. The Crosshair redefined expectations for what a motherboard could be, and ROG has remained at the forefront of gaming and enthusiast hardware in the 10 years since its debut.
Over the past decade, the Republic of Gamers has established a history of relentless innovation that has left the rest of the industry following in our wake. It's only fitting that we look back on our triumphs to celebrate the 10th anniversary of ROG.
Putting enthusiasts and gamers in the Crosshair
The ROG story begins with the Crosshair, which set a new standard for enthusiast motherboards in the era of dual-core Athlon 64 processors for Socket AM2. It delivered the very latest technology in a tweaker-friendly package loaded with thoughtful features and indulgent extras.
We packed the BIOS with a vast assortment of tweaking options that let hardcore overclockers probe the true limits of AMD's 90-nm silicon. While the depth and breadth of options catered to expert enthusiasts with outlandish cooling, the intuitiveness of the interface let gamers and more casual users easily gain a few hundred MHz with an aftermarket heatsink. By exposing esoteric overclocking options in a user-friendly BIOS, the Crosshair brought seasoned veterans and curious newbies together on a single platform.
In true ROG spirit, our engineers pushed the envelope across the board and beyond it. The audio was housed on a SupremeFX add-in card that moved the codec chip and critical circuitry away from board-level noise that could tarnish the sound quality. An LCD in the rear port cluster translated cryptic POST codes in a more natural language to help troubleshoot boot problems, while onboard buttons provided convenient shortcuts for power, reset, and clearing the CMOS.
The Crosshair even had extra LEDs to illuminate key areas of the board and I/O cluster. Although they didn't shine in the millions of shades available with modern RGB lighting, the LEDs made it easier to work within the shadowy confines of a chassis and connect peripherals without fumbling in the darkness of a LAN party. They also cast a distinctive glow through a case window.
Tech media and users alike heralded the Crosshair for its performance and attention to detail. ROG had raised the bar of expectations in its first outing and established a clear direction for the future. We've stayed on that path for the past 10 years and have a rich history to show for it.
Transforming tuning to unleash performance and overclocking
The Crosshair was just the first in a series of ROG motherboards to give overclockers new ways to push the limits. Subsequent boards introduced entirely new conduits for system tweaking and monitoring, plus special features for sub-zero cooling. Our engineers unlocked the secrets of new platforms and developed custom hardware for chasing benchmark records. They also taught ROG motherboards how to overclock themselves automatically—and how to recover gracefully from failed attempts.
PC enthusiasts crave knowledge and control. They want insight into every aspect of how their systems are operating and the ability to change parameters at will. Over the years, ROG has enabled this community not only through the BIOS and conventional tweaking applications, but also via more unique methods. With the Rampage Extreme released back in 2008, we introduced onboard TweakIt buttons that combined with an external LCD module. These controls let overclockers adjust clock speeds and voltages on the fly, without entering the BIOS or loading the OS. The display provided an instant read on critical system variables and also let users choose between different BIOSes when booting the board.
Like most ROG features, TweakIt and its LCD sidekick evolved over time. They joined forces in the original OC Station for the Rampage II, bringing hardware monitoring and overclocking controls to a 5.25” bay insert that could be installed in a case or used on its own. The OC Station went on to inspire the ROG Front Base, a more full-featured bay insert that added peripheral connectivity and other special functions, like an Escape Mode button capable of instantly hiding your secret gaming session. Then there was the OC Panel, which delivered even more extensive tweaking and monitoring in a compact module that could stand alone or dock in a drive bay.
Our desire to bridge the gap between overclockers and their machines extended beyond custom hardware. We went on to develop ROG Connect, which enabled remote tweaking from a notebook. With only a USB connection, ROG Connect let overclockers tweak clock speeds and voltages while also providing real-time information on POST codes and other system variables. RC Bluetooth cut the cord, making similar functionality available wirelessly via smartphone. We want all the right controls to be at your fingertips, no matter how you prefer to tune your PC.
Remote tweaking was popular with competitive overclockers looking for an edge over traditional methods. This group was increasingly used sub-zero cooling to hit higher frequencies, but chips behave differently at extremely low temperatures, introducing a unique challenge for ROG to overcome. We created a special LN2 Mode that makes numerous adjustments to compensate, including disabling elements of the temperature monitoring that react poorly to frosty environments.
Even in LN2 Mode, some CPUs are still unstable below specific temperatures. We tackled these so-called cold bugs with Slow Mode, which instantly throttles the CPU clock speed to improve stability. Accessible with a simple switch, Slow Mode lets extreme overclockers easily back off frequencies while waiting for their LN2 pots to reach optimal temperatures. It also provides a window of opportunity for preparing applications to benchmark and taking screenshots to document scores. In conjunction with the hardware-level system halt triggered by the pause button on our OC Panel, Slow Mode helps overclockers establish the ideal conditions for setting records.
Slow modes and system halts may not be directly applicable to gamers and casual overclockers, but the lessons we learn at the bleeding edge often inform the technology we bring to the masses. Such was the case with ROG's Gandau Bridge, a high-end X79 motherboard with slots for custom hardware modules that improved specific kinds of overclocking. The timing for Gandau Bridge ultimately wasn't right, so the board never made it to production. However, the knowledge our engineers gained during its development fed into the ASUS-exclusive OC Socket for X99 motherboards. OC Socket widens the margins for overclocking by using extra pins on the CPU to improve signal grounding and voltage delivery.
Because ROG products are designed for both gamers and bleeding-edge performance junkies, we have to carefully balance the needs of each group. For example, the Rampage III Extreme supported SLI with up to three cards, a configuration that was more than adequate for multi-GPU gaming. But you could also power four cards with an optional ROG Xpander board. The Xpander used dual switch chips with dedicated cooling to distribute the motherboard's PCI Express payload for maximum performance with quad SLI. Although it compromised compatibility with cases, it gave benchmarkers with open systems an ideal configuration for claiming records.
Some of ROG's efforts to enhance performance happen behind the scenes. In 2012, we began optimizing memory profiles for the individual ICs used in popular enthusiast-oriented DIMMs. This tuning applied to not only timings and voltages, but also the very microcode affecting memory signaling. It's part of the reason ROG motherboards consistently reach some of the highest memory speeds.
As experienced tweakers, ROG's engineers are keenly aware that overclocking doesn't always go as planned. You never really know where the edge is until you go over it. So we developed an internal watchdog that helps motherboards recover after failed attempts to boot. It trips if the board becomes unresponsive during POST, prompting a reboot with stock settings that should always work. Booting in safe mode can also be done manually by holding the power button, saving overclockers the hassle of resetting the CMOS when they hit the wall.
Venture capital firms invested nearly $5 billion in the cleantech space in 2010, marking an increase of roughly 25% in the first three quarters of 2010 over the same period last year, according to a new report by Ernst & Young.
Bfd . . . ? Perhaps.
While $5 billion may seem like a lot of money, it is chump change in the capital-intensive energy industry. To put this number in perspective, General Electric alone plans to double spending on energy-related research and development (R&D) to $2 billion per year over the next five years, which would amount to nearly half of the entire VC pie. Ernst & Young recognizes the role of corporate M&A in the cleantech space.
"At the corporate level there's an acceleration of activity on the investment and acquisition side," Gil Forer, Ernst & Young's cleantech leader, told Bloomberg earlier this week. "We definitely expect it will continue to accelerate in 2011 and going forward."
Cleantech encompasses a diverse group of industry sectors and sub-sectors, ranging from solar and wind energy to batteries and biofuels. As a result of this diversity, the full-scale of investment activity is difficult to pin down with any degree of precision. But, based on the industry's collective support for R&D, this investment level is likely modest at most. The U.S. energy sector spends a miniscule 0.3% of revenue on R&D, which is far less than other industries typically invest in R&D, according to Battelle Memorial Institute's Global R&D Funding Forecast for 2011. To put this in perspective, the total private sector investment in energy R&D is roughly equivalent to half of the amount spent on R&D by Merck.
Although the three largest U.S. oil and gas companies -- e.g. ExxonMobil -- have made major investments in renewable energy, primarily in the field of biofuels, the investments they've made in conventional energy sources during the same period are undoubtedly larger by an order of magnitude. These low levels of R&D spending in the regulated, capital-intensive energy sector is unlikely to lead to the clean-energy innovation needed for the U.S. to maintain global economic leadership in this century.
While the U.S. Department of Energy's research investment has tried to fill the critical gap in private sector innovation capacity, it cannot do so entirely. The public sector lacks the means to deploy energy innovation at scale to achieve policy goals related to clean energy and climate change, primarily because the government controls little energy production or distribution capacity. As a result, the public sector is able to support cutting-edge research in the laboratory but has comparatively little control over the commercialization process necessary to bring innovations into the mainstream market.
Elliott and Smith, an All-American linebacker at Notre Dame, actually have known each other long before their final college game. They met at the U.S. Army All-American Bowl as high school stars.
“We hung out a lot there,” said Elliott, the fourth overall pick in this year's draft. “We were good friends before we played the Fiesta Bowl. Just kind of seeing one of my guys go down, a guy that has such a promising future, that's always scary. I just went out there to give him some words of encouragement, make sure he was good.”
Smith, the Cowboys' second-round pick, is still recovering from his knee injury, and head coach Jason Garrett reiterated Friday that there's no set timetable for Smith's return.
“There was reason for optimism when we drafted him for a lot of different reasons, but we're going to get him in here like all the other guys and try to teach him our system of football,” Garrett said. “He's going to be a little different in that he's going to be doing a lot of rehab with our training staff and our rehab staff. But we'll just take his progress day by day and hopefully he gets better and better.”[embeddedad0]
Smith has a good support system in place as he continues his recovery in Dallas. His brother, running back Rod Smith, is also on the Cowboys' roster. And a good friend: Elliott.
“It's just funny how the stars align, just to have guys I'm pretty close with on the same team,” Elliott said. “Him and Rod are two guys I'm close with. It's great to have those guys on the same team as me at this next level.”
Hi! This is Eve Mayberger with an update on the Ancient Panel Painting: Examination, Analysis, and Research (APPEAR) project (see earlier post here). I am happy to report that I have completed multispectral imaging (MSI) for the three Fayum mummy portraits. The In the Artifact Lab blog has talked about MSI in several previous posts here and here. MSI is a helpful technique that uses specific frequencies across the electromagnetic spectrum to differentiate and sometimes identify materials.
Although I took full sets of MSI images for all three mummy portraits, I am only going to share a few images of the Portrait of a Young Man (E16213) which proved particularly interesting. The first step of MSI imaging is to take a normal visible light photo using a modified digital camera and appropriate filters. The object and camera setup must remain unchanged throughout the entire process. Only the light source and camera filters change.
The ultraviolet visible fluorescence (UVF) image confirms that the wooden panel has been previously repaired. The restored area has a different fluorescence than the surrounding wood (see annotation). I had noticed that the paint in this area was handled differently and noted that it could be a later addition. The UVF image supports this idea.
The most unexpected observation was seen in the visible-induced visible luminescence (VIVL) image captured with a 535 nm light source. The filter gives the image the overall red coloring. Notice that the outline of the figure has been etched into the paint. This demarcation of space was completely undetected under other light sources. This technique was not observed on the other two mummy portraits (E16212 and E16214) at the Penn Museum. I am curious to see if other institutions participating in the APPEAR project have portraits with hidden outlines around their figures.
Be sure to visit the blog in the upcoming weeks to read more about the APPEAR project!
Eve Mayberger, Curriculum Intern
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Rich Cho is the measured sort. A former attorney and Boeing engineer, Cho paved his way in the NBA through a mastery of legalese fine print and CBA minutia. So while his coach, Steve Clifford, beams like a kid let out recess when discussing the findings of his film-study immersion, the Charlotte Hornets general manager fields all basketball-related questions with a decidedly even keel.
Ask how his team reached its highest win total (48) since the NBA returned to Charlotte 12 years ago -- without a true superstar -- and Cho will carefully praise the character and competitiveness of his roster. Ask about the disappointment of the Lance Stephenson signing and Cho will focus on the players acquired when trading away Stephenson.
Bring up the 2012 draft lottery, though -- specifically, his live television reaction to the results of the 2012 draft lottery -- and Cho can't help but crack a smile.
"Yeah, yeah," he said with a laugh. "No, I get that a lot."
Charlotte hit rock bottom about a month before the Charlotte GM hit the dais in New York: The then-Bobcats won seven games in the lockout-shortened 2011-12 season and set an NBA record for lowest winning percentage (.106). The top pick, and thus the right to select wunderkind Anthony Davis, would instantly change the trajectory of a franchise with one playoff appearance in its eight years of re-existence. Cho, a former member of the SuperSonics/Thunder front office, had seen it happen first-hand.
When the representatives of the top three selections lined up on lottery night, the Washington Wizards were revealed first, and thus slotted third. As Adam Silver prepared to reveal the team that would draft second, Cho glanced at Monty Williams, then-head coach of the then-New Orleans Hornets, on his left. When he looked back, he saw an orange cat. Cho closed his eyes and tilted his head back in dejection.
Charlotte had lost again.
"I try to not focus on the past," he says now, four years later. "Obviously, Anthony Davis is a franchise player. He's a great player. But we try to focus on the positive."
Davis ended up a Hornet, but only before New Orleans' identity shift to the Pelicans. Charlotte selected his Kentucky teammate, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, second overall.
"Not every team has a franchise-type player," Cho said. "What you have to try to do is improve incrementally and try to build guys the way you want to build it and keep in line with your process. That's what we tried to do here: bringing in guys incrementally, where we can improve the team."
For Cho, whose media guide bio proudly proclaims he helped design "advanced and comprehensive" player-evaluation systems as a Sonics intern, that meant an "enormous" amount of background work to construct a team culture focused on improvement. He described the makeup of a Hornets player as following: "Guys that have a really strong work ethic. Guys that are ultracompetitive. Players that love to win and hate to lose. Guys that are great teammates. And high-character guys."
That approach hasn't resulted in a superstar, but it has built a collection of like-minded players who seem to legitimately enjoy playing with each other.
"It's night and day to a lot of other organizations," said Jeremy Lin, signed last summer after a trying season with the Los Angeles Lakers. "I compare this team to my high school team, in terms of guys totally buying in. We didn't have a superstar in high school, but we were able to have success just playing team basketball and doing it the right way.
"The more money gets involved, the more it becomes professional, whatever, it becomes more and more rare that you have a team like this."
Clifford, a high-energy grinder from New England who spent the bulk of his assistant days under the Van Gundy brothers (with the wry wit to prove it), was hired three seasons ago, and the team has excelled at the detail-oriented aspects of the game ever since. In each of the past three seasons, Charlotte has finished with a top-10 defense and the league's lowest turnover ratio.
The Hornets shot almost as poorly (38.9 percent) as the Miami Heat (34.2) in their Game 3 victory on Sunday but only turned the ball over three times and shot 21-for-22 from the free throw line.
"To me, it comes down to the guys you have on your team," Clifford said. "You're not going to change the basic decision-making nature of any player. You watch Nic [Batum] play. When that ball's coming to him, he knows what should happen before he catches the ball. That's not something any coach ever teaches any player. Some guys can't do that."
Last summer, Cho focused on finding an offense to match. While he wouldn't say outright that he followed the Golden State Warriors' model, his offseason wish list included tenets best exemplified by the reigning champs: 3-point shooting, "overall offensive skill level" and positional versatility.
"We just felt like that's where the league was going," Cho said.
Nic Batum and Courtney Lee are just some of the new faces that Rich Cho acquired to revamp the look of the Hornets this season. Kent Smith/NBAE/Getty Images
Out went suboptimal (Stephenson, Bismack Biyombo, Gerald Henderson) and still-developing (Noah Vonleh) shooters and in came a bevy of established (Batum, Lin, Spencer Hawes) and potential (Frank Kaminsky, Jeremy Lamb) long-range threats. Players already on the roster, like Kemba Walker and Marvin Williams, were encouraged to fling it more than ever before.
The Hornets shot 1,566 3-pointers in 2014-15, which accounted for 22.6 percent of their field goal attempts. That number rose to 2,410 this season, or 34.8 percent of their total attempts, which marks the second-largest rate spike in NBA history, according to ESPN Insider Kevin Pelton. Overall, Charlotte finished fourth in the league in attempts (29.4, up from 19.1) and tied for seventh in percentage of makes (36.2, up from 31.8). And those rankings flip since Courtney Lee (39.2 percent from 3 with Charlotte) was acquired at the trade deadline.
As the 3-and-D player becomes more in demand across the league, the Hornets have essentially assembled a 3-and-D team.
"It's more fun to watch," Cho said. "I think the players are having a lot of fun; you can see it on the court."
Their love of the long ball is so pronounced that the Heat tailored their defense to shutting off their catch-and-shoot opportunities. With Miami hugging on its shooters, Charlotte had to win its first playoff game in 14 years on Sunday the old-fashioned way, with 52 points in the paint.
The Hornets are finding any way to win, both in their first-round series and since that now-infamous draft lottery day. And with seven or maybe eight players expected to hit unrestricted free agency this summer, it's possible they'll have to reconfigure once again.
"Obviously, that's a little bit of a risk," Cho said, "but we feel comfortable with that risk. And if it turns out that we're not able to keep some of the guys, we'll have additional cap room."
Given the recent history in Charlotte, it's an appropriately measured response.
See All 24 Projects Shortlisted for RIAS' 2015 Awards
The Royal Incorporation of Architects in Scotland (RIAS) has shortlisted 24 projects for its 2015 awards, the single most important recognition of architectural achievement in Scotland. This year's judging panel, chaired by Iain Dickson PPRIAS, will now visit all 24 sites to determine which projects are “worthy” of an award, only choosing those in which they feel “best address the key role of architecture: to improve the quality of people's lives.”
See all 24 shortlisted projects, after the break.
+ 29
Arcadia Nursery, Edinburgh / Malcolm Fraser Architects
Save this picture! Arcadia Nursery, Edinburgh / Malcolm Fraser Architects
“Designed to encourage play and nurture creativity, this delight-filled children's nursery provides three, linked, playrooms each accessing a covered terrace.”
Beach House, Morar / Dualchas Architects
Save this picture! Beach House, Morar / Dualchas Architects © Andrew Lee
“This house takes maximum advantage of its coastal setting, its calm austerity and robust form appropriate in this elemental landscape.”
Bonnington House / Benjamin Tindall Architects
Save this picture! Bonnington House / Benjamin Tindall Architects
“Two new wings designed to complement the original extend this A Listed house to create an impressive family home.”
Burns Wynd, Maybole / Austin-Smith:Lord LLP
Save this picture! Burns Wynd, Maybole / Austin-Smith:Lord LLP © Graham Lees
“The slope of the site is cleverly exploited within the deep plans of these new homes, allowing each a sheltered garden.”
Dalmunach Distillery, Moray / Archial Norr (Inverness Studio)
“Elegantly addressing the functional requirements of a contemporary distillery, this building also draws upon the rich history of such buildings.”
Edinburgh Sculpture Workshop: Bill Scott Sculpture Centre (Phase 1) & Creative Laboratories (Phase 2) / Sutherland Hussey Architects
Save this picture! Edinburgh Sculpture Workshop: Bill Scott Sculpture Centre (Phase 1) & Creative Laboratories (Phase 2) / Sutherland Hussey Architects © Andrew Lee
“Restrained and appropriately sculptural, this important new facility greatly enhances both the local area and Edinburgh's cultural attraction.”
Glasgow Film Theatre - Cinema 3 / NORD Architecture
Save this picture! Glasgow Film Theatre - Cinema 3 / NORD Architecture
“Carefully inserted within the historic fabric, this third screen is respectful to the materials and form of the much loved original.”
Highland Steading / Marcus Lee and cameronwebster architects
Save this picture! Highland Steading / Marcus Lee and cameronwebster architects
“Commanding long views, the building adapts an existing steading to create luxurious living with service accommodation onto the rear courtyard.”
House at Ravelston Dykes, Edinburgh / Richard Murphy Architects
Save this picture! House at Ravelston Dykes, Edinburgh / Richard Murphy Architects
“This subtle extension greatly improves the house's connection with its site and creates welcoming and comfortable family accommodation.”
jmarchitects Glasgow Studio / jmarchitects
“Quite literally putting architecture onto the street, this new shop/office simultaneously accommodates the practice and promotes its work.”
Lamb's House, Edinburgh / Groves-Raines Architects Ltd
“This rare survivor has been carefully restored from near dereliction and returned to its original usage, accommodating a business and home.”
Laurieston Transformational Area, Glasgow / PagePark Architects and Elder and Cannon Architects
Save this picture! Laurieston Transformational Area, Glasgow / PagePark Architects and Elder and Cannon Architects
“Reinterpreting the traditional Glasgow tenement, these blocks, fittingly urban in scale, provide high quality homes close to the heart of the city.”
Maggie's Lanarkshire, Airdrie / Reiach and Hall Architects
Save this picture! Maggie's Lanarkshire, Airdrie / Reiach and Hall Architects
“A respite from the clinical atmosphere and built form of the nearby hospital, this is a place of relaxation and contemplation.”
Mid Rock House, Elie / WT Architecture
Save this picture! Mid Rock House, Elie / WT Architecture © David Barbour
“Cleverly scaled to the existing vernacular, this is contemporary beach-side architecture, utilising a limited materials palette in seductively simple forms.”
The Mill, Scottish Borders / WT Architecture
Save this picture! The Mill, Scottish Borders / WT Architecture © Andrew Lee
“A new timber home has been inserted within the existing walls, retaining much historic character while creating a well-lit contemporary dwelling.”
Penicuik House, Midlothian / Simpson and Brown Architects
Save this picture! Penicuik House, Midlothian / Simpson and Brown Architects © George Clerk
“An enduring reminder of the Scottish Enlightenment, this consolidation of one of Scotland's most important historic houses has taken twenty years.”
Regency Dormer, Edinburgh / Konishi Gaffney Architects
Save this picture! Regency Dormer, Edinburgh / Konishi Gaffney Architects
“Challenging more conventional and traditional approaches, this low profile dormer window, elegantly detailed, transforms the home, setting new standards.”
Reid Building, Glasgow School of Art / Steven Holl Architects with jmarchitects
Save this picture! Reid Building, Glasgow School of Art / Steven Holl Architects with jmarchitects
“A building of extraordinary rigor was required as a foil to Mackintosh's masterpiece, eschewing pastiche it nods respectfully to its neighbor.”
Rosefield, Edinburgh / A449 LTD
“Respecting the utilitarian aesthetic of this former stable/coach house, this adaptation utilizes a restrained palette to create a new family home.”
Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, Glasgow / Malcolm Fraser Architects
Save this picture! Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, Glasgow / Malcolm Fraser Architects © Dapple Photography
“Former industrial spaces now provide flexible rehearsal rooms alongside larger, new-build, multi-purpose spaces, greatly enhancing the facilities of the Conservatoire.”
The Shields Centre, Glasgow / Anderson Bell + Christie Architects
Save this picture! The Shields Centre, Glasgow / Anderson Bell + Christie Architects
“Combining two medical practices with other social service provision, this building signals its presence with a brick-classical colonnade onto the street.”
Speirs Centre, Alloa / LDN Architects LLP
Save this picture! Speirs Centre, Alloa / LDN Architects LLP
“Adapting an impressive Victorian public baths and gym with an uncompromisingly new extension delivers important new community facilities and offices.”
Theatre Royal, Glasgow / Page Park Architects
Save this picture! Theatre Royal, Glasgow / Page Park Architects
“Creating a welcoming entrance foyer and embracing a sinuous stair, this new structure also boldly signposts Scottish Opera's HQ.”
West Burn Lane, St Andrews / Sutherland Hussey Architects
Save this picture! West Burn Lane, St Andrews / Sutherland Hussey Architects © SHA
“Following St Andrews' historic ‘rigg' pattern, this new development is gracefully inserted within one of Scotland's most historic urban environments.”
News via RIAS
The towering bleachers at Crystal Lake South High School must be dismantled starting Dec. 1, a McHenry County judge ordered Thursday.
Judge Michael Chmiel's decision, made during a 10-minute hearing, followed his Sept. 5 ruling that the school violated local laws in erecting the stadium bleachers, which stand nearly 50 feet tall and are 41 feet from neighboring homeowners' property lines.
"At some point, he had no basis for delaying the enforcement of what the statute directed him to do," said Tom Burney, attorney for neighbors who had filed suit against Community High School District 155 in summer 2013. Construction of the bleachers had begun by then.
"People can't take it anymore," he added. "This is a horrible structure."
Crystal Lake zoning allows for structures on that site to be a maximum of 15 feet tall, and the ordinance requires the bleachers to be placed at least 50 feet from property lines.
School officials have maintained that the $1.2 million bleachers project is a much-needed expansion and is outside the jurisdiction of city zoning restrictions. State law authorizes the school district to obtain building permits from a regional office of education, an attorney for the district contended, and District 155 followed that process.
During a December 2013 hearing, Chmiel said that no case law or precedent existed to clarify the issue. But he also noted at the hearing that no wording exists exempting school districts from zoning review. The judge concluded that school officials violated city zoning, and an appellate court upheld that decision last month.
Tribune Graphics Disputed bleachers in Crystal Lake. Disputed bleachers in Crystal Lake. (Tribune Graphics)
In that decision, the court contended that the regional office of education is responsible for enforcing school building codes, not zoning concerns. Shortly after that conclusion, Chmiel wrote that homeowners were "substantially affected by the (school district's) violation of local ordinances."
Robert Swain, an attorney for the school district, did not respond to phone and email inquiries Thursday. Swain has said the larger issue of who governs school construction is a primary consideration in District 155's court fight. After Chmiel's September ruling, Swain said the district was considering "several options."
Some of those options, including an appeal to the Illinois Supreme Court, still exist, Burney said. He and Crystal Lake Mayor Aaron Shepley said they doubted that dismantling of the bleachers would start by Dec. 1.
After the judge's ruling Thursday, Burney characterized his reaction as "not a happiness or elatedness. It's a sad thing that a government body has acted like this and has to be brought to justice. This case should never have been brought. It's a huge disappointment that it's come to this."
Shepley echoed that sentiment.
"There are no winners in this," Shepley said. "There are only losers. Some losers are bigger than others, in my opinion."
Shepley said the bleachers, which are more than triple the width of the old bleachers and have been dubbed "the Berlin Wall of Steel" by some neighbors, elicit two reactions from residents. Those who have not seen the structure say it might not be "that big a deal," the mayor said, and those who have seen it have said school board officials "are out of their minds."
The city will not force demolition of the bleachers and likely will not impose fines on the school district, Shepley said. Chmiel set a status hearing for Dec. 17.
"We're not interested in punishing the school district," said the mayor, an alumnus of District 155. "We're interested in the school district respecting the constitutional rights of their neighbors and everybody in this community."
tgregory@tribune.com
Twitter @tgregoryreports
The US presidential race is a “political theater” that is designed to create the appearance of an uncertain outcome although in reality the nominees are chosen beforehand, an American geopolitical analyst says.
“The election process in the United States itself at its very root is merely political theater, it is a Kabuki dance designed to convince the American people that they have some say in who rules over them, when the sad reality is they do not,” said Eric Draitser, the founder of Stopimperialism.org.
“The United States is ruled by one single ruling establishment, one political class that controls both parties and that is in fact subordinate to the financial elites on Wall Street and all throughout the imperial system,” Draitser said during an interview with Press TV on Tuesday.
“There is no such thing as democracy in the United States; it is an illusion today just as it's been for many years before,” he added.
Draitser also dismissed the Iowa caucus which is part of the process of choosing the delegates to the Democratic and Republican national conventions which choose the party nominees for the presidential elections.
On Monday, Republican presidential candidate Senator Ted Cruz won the Iowa GOP caucuses, while Hillary Clinton won the Democratic caucuses, narrowly beating Senator Bernie Sanders.
Clinton won the Iowa contest by the narrowest margin in state history, capturing 49.9 percent of the vote to 49.6 percent for Sanders.
The slim win means Clinton faces the prospect of an extended fight for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Sanders is turning his attention to next week's New Hampshire's primary, where he has a significant lead over Clinton.
Sanders celebrated his performance in Iowa, framing it as a sign that Americans demanded more radical change than offered by establishment candidates.
Brown refuses and explains it all over again to the judge. The judge turns to Waldorf and asks whether Brown will pay the $25 fine. Waldorf explains, for the second time, that Brown won't pay, his manner suggesting that for the life of him he can't figure out why not.
Image Credit Jennifer Daniel
Only then does the judge bestir himself to ask the arresting officer whether he saw any other people on the sidewalk that night. No? “O.K., then,” the judge sighs. “Not guilty.” Out in the hallway, Taibbi asks Waldorf why white people never get arrested for obstructing pedestrian traffic. Oblivious to the lesson that has just played out, and puzzled as to why Taibbi would want to include any of this in a book, Waldorf replies, “Low-class people do low-class things.”
Taibbi wrote “The Divide” to demonstrate that unequal wealth is producing grotesquely unequal outcomes in criminal justice. You might say that's an old story, but Taibbi believes that, just as income disparities are growing ever wider, so, too, are disparities in who attracts the attention of cops and prosecutors and who doesn't. Violent crime has fallen by 44 percent in America over the past two decades, but during that same period the prison population has more than doubled, skewing heavily black and poor. In essence, poverty itself is being criminalized. Meanwhile, at the other end of the income distribution, an epidemic of white-collar crime has overtaken the financial sector, indicated, for instance, by a proliferation of record-breaking civil settlements. But partly because of an embarrassing succession of botched Justice Department prosecutions, and partly because of a growing worry (first enunciated by Attorney General Eric Holder when he was Bill Clinton's deputy attorney general) that any aggressive prosecution of big banks could destabilize the economy, Wall Street has come, under President Obama, to enjoy near-total immunity from criminal prosecution. It had more to fear, ironically, when George W. Bush was president.
The argument isn't laid out in a particularly rigorous or nuanced manner, but it seems plausible enough. Taibbi, a longtime Rolling Stone writer who is currently developing a publication about political and financial corruption for First Look Media, has in the past written in a blustery style that put me off, but here the gonzo affectation is kept largely in check. What I failed to notice previously — or perhaps what Taibbi shows off to especially good effect here — is what a meticulous reporter he can be, with a facility for rendering complex financial skulduggery intelligible. Especially noteworthy are Taibbi's detailed accounts of self-­dealing amid the dismantlement of Lehman Brothers — which involved, among other things, hoodwinking Lehman's bankruptcy judge — and of a vicious harassment campaign waged by hedge fund managers against the employees of a Canadian insurance company whose stock they'd shorted. In both instances, one is struck that, however tricky the standard of proof may be for the white-collar criminal class, the evidence available nowadays in the form of compromising email communications would make Eliot Ness weep with gratitude. And yet the gangsters got away.
Taibbi is similarly skillful at explaining how bureaucratic imperatives in the criminal justice system can spin scarily out of control. In New York City, you start with a “broken windows” theory that says cracking down on petty crime can prevent little criminals from becoming big criminals. Possibly because that's right, violent crime goes down. But paradoxically, that makes a cop's life more difficult rather than less, because criminals are getting harder to find even as new computer systems are enabling the police commissioner to keep track of which precincts are making the most arrests. The solution turns out to be aggressive use of a stop-and-frisk policy that gives cops a blank check to “search virtually anyone at any time.” The police start behaving “like commercial fishermen, throwing nets over whole city blocks.” Some of the fish get prosecuted or ticketed for ever-pettier offenses; 20,000 summonses, for instance, are handed out annually for riding a bicycle on the sidewalk. But most fish aren't guilty of anything and must grow accustomed to being routinely cuffed and ridden around in a police van before they are tossed back into the water. These fish are, of course, typically black and poor. Anecdotal evidence suggests that throwing a similar fishnet over entire Wall Street firms would produce a criminal yield at least as high as any random ghetto block. But innocent Wall Street fish would have a much bigger megaphone with which to proclaim their constitutional rights, and guilty Wall Street fish would have much better lawyers.
There are no reports of injuries or fatalities in the Covington area as of 9:45 p.m., according to Dawn Brantley of the Virginia Department of Emergency Management.
About five people are using shelters.
The Virginia Emergency Operations Center in Richmond will open at 11 p.m. to help coordinate efforts.
Swift water rescue and search and rescue teams still active in Virginia and West Virginia.
ORIGINAL STORY
According to a City of Covington official, most downtown and low-lying areas have been evacuated.
Shelters have been set up at the Covington Rec Center/Old Armory building and Edgment/Jeter Watson School.
Also, a shelter will be open at the Alleghany County Government Complex in Low Moor. Anyone needing assistance should call the Alleghany County Sheriff's Office at 540-965-1770.
ORIGINAL STORY
The Jackson River in Covington could approach record levels tonight.
Meteorologists who issue river flood warnings say the river is going up very fast, so it's urgent that people get to where they need to be soon.
Residents in the area should seek higher ground.
The flood stage for the river is 17 feet.
The river is expected to crest at 23.5 feet.
"Any jokes or inappropriate remarks may result in your arrest," says a robotic voice over the Tannoy at Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston, as I join the silent procession of bleary-eyed passengers disembarking from the plane after a ten-hour transatlantic flight. Welcome, as they say, to the United States.
I'm in Texas on holiday, making the annual pilgrimage to see my in-laws. I married an American in 2003, and each time we return to her homeland I'm reminded of the New Yorker journalist Hendrik Hertzberg's description of the "brutal fuck-you that greets foreigners arriving in the United States", and his call to US immigration officials to stop making "preventive war" on innocent tourists. "It might make us more friends."
But making friends isn't high on the agenda at Bush Intercontinental. This is my ninth trip to Houston since 2000, and it doesn't get any easier. I attributed a rare smooth entry in March last year to the change in administration, from bellicose Bush to benign Barack. My mistake.
“What is the purpose of your trip?" asks a morose airport official, thumbing through my passport and refusing to look me in the eye. The badge on his arm says "US Customs and Border Patrol", part of the department of homeland security. Perhaps I don't look happy enough to be here on holiday. Moments later, I'm deposited in a homeland security "holding lounge". "Why am I here?" I ask the nearest uniformed officer. "Random check," he grunts. Random? I'm sitting in a room filled exclusively with black, Hispanic and Asian passengers.
Name and shame
Nor is it my first time in this "lounge". A few years ago I spent several hours here, detained because my surname matched that of a wanted insurgent inside Iraq. Yes, "Hasan" - the Middle Eastern equivalent of "Smith" or "Jones". Incidentally, I note an addition to the waiting room in the form of a giant map of Afghanistan and Pakistan. Iraq is so 2003.
Why does my detention matter? Isn't my inconvenience far less important than US airport security? Of course, but as the former secretary of state Colin Powell remarked in 2007: "We are taking too much counsel of our fears . . . Let's make sure people come to Disney World and not throw them up against the wall in Orlando simply because they have a Muslim name . . . Let's show the world a face of openness and what a democratic system can do."
Time and again we have been told that the "war on terror" is at its core a struggle for hearts and minds. Not so on US borders, where foreigners are met, in Hertzberg's words, with "delays, ugliness, sullen contempt and near chaos while being treated alternately as cattle or potential terrorists". Despite Hollywood's best efforts, millions of people across the world no longer consider the US to be "the land of the free and the home of the brave" (to quote the national anthem), the "shining city upon a hill" (Ronald Reagan), or the "indispensable nation" (Madeleine Albright).
Indeed, anti-Americanism is rife. Some argue it has a long and shameful history, pre-dating even the founding of the United States in 1776. In the mid-18th century, the French naturalist the Comte de Buffon - together with Voltaire and the Dutch philosopher Cornelius de Pauw, among others - condemned the "degeneracy" of the inhabitants of the Americas. But as the British historian Tony Judt points out, anti-Americanism today is not confined to smug intellectuals - European or otherwise. Most foreigners are untroubled by the cultural dominance of the US, and many even aspire to the so-called American way of life. "Most of them don't despise America, and they certainly don't hate Americans," Judt writes. "What upsets them is US foreign policy . . ."
There is evidence to support this. During the eight years of the Bush administration, with its lawless and bloody wars, positive opinion of the US declined in most European countries. A Pew Global Attitudes Project poll showed how, between 2000 and 2006, "favourable opinions" of the US dropped from 83 per cent to 56 per cent in the UK, from 62 per cent to 39 per cent in France and from 78 per cent to 37 per cent in Germany. In the Middle East, Zogby Inter­national found that negative attitudes towards the US jumped between 2002 and 2004, from 76 per cent to 98 per cent in Egypt, from 61 per cent to 88 per cent in Morocco and from 87 per cent to 94 per cent in Saudi Arabia - and these are allies of Uncle Sam. Respondents in most of these countries said they objected, above all, to US foreign policies that they considered unjust.
Love, actually
In Destiny Disrupted: a History of the World Through Islamic Eyes, the Afghan-American writer Tamim Ansary shows how the Middle Eastern view of the US in the early 20th century was much more positive than negative. Wilsonian idealism was seductive to Arabs living under colonial rule but craving self-determination. It was, Ansary argues, only after the CIA-funded coup against the secular, democratically elected prime minister of Iran, Muhammed Mossadeq, that anger and disillusionment with the US spread across the region.
Noam Chomsky, bête noire of the right, has long argued that the notion of anti-Americanism itself seeks to excuse the crimes of US elites and "identify state policy with the society, the people, the culture". It is an important point. I condemn the actions of the US government in Iraq, Afghanistan and Yemen, without attacking my American friends in Houston, LA or New York.
“I am willing to love all mankind," Samuel Johnson said, "except an American." I cannot agree. I may be considered anti-American, in that I abhor many US foreign policies, but the person I love most happens to be an American. America is not the American government. Nor is it the US border patrol.
Baldur's Gate pulled from App Store, work on BG2 halted (UPDATED) By Owen Faraday
I attempt to cast 'distribution rights unlocking cantrip'.
Beamdog honcho Trent Oster posted a note overnight that replaced the BaldursGate.com front page, asserting that "contractual issues" have led his team to remove Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition from the App Store and desktop marketplaces. The note adds that these problems mean that the latest patch for BG:EE can't be released, nor can the long-awaited Android edition, or Baldur's Gate 2. The site notes that there's no projected date for this all to be sorted out.
The team at Overhaul Games is made up of old BioWare staff. Their leader Trent Oster co-founded BioWare along with his brother Brent Oster, Marcel Zeschuk and the doctors Greg Zeschuk, Ray Muzyka and Augustine Yip. Publisher Atari is the Dungeons & Dragons licence holder for video games (Baldur's Gate is based on the D&D rule set), but then there's Hasbro and Wizards of the Coast to think about. Hasbro owns Wizards of the Coast, which owns and publishes the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game. Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition is (was?) an officially licensed Wizards of the Coast product. It's all a bit messy.
We were disappointed to learn that Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition has been temporarily removed from sale on Beamdog.com and the Apple App Store. We are confident that Beamdog is working diligently to resolve issues with their publishing partner so they can resume sales of Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition.
The reworking of the classic Dungeons & Dragons PC RPG was a hit last year when it was released in December -- Phil gave it a five-star review here at PT Over at Eurogamer , Wesley Yin-Poole highlights the serpentine rights-holding arrangements that made Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition possible in the first place:That's like a legal version of " Atari's upcoming IP auction I reached out to Wizards of the Coast earlier and they've come back to me with this official response that appears to disavow any involvement with BG:EE's removal:I haven't heard anything back from Atari at this point and Beamdog/Overhaul have declined to comment. Seems reasonable to infer that the finger can be pointed directly at Atari.
To the Talented Mr. Elliott Bridgewater,
I recently came across an article you wrote on your publishers website titled “The Quest for Award Winning Children's Literature.” I would like you to know that by receiving this letter and (more so) its attachment, your quest has ENDED.
In your article you state that “The subtle nuances present in such timeless masterpieces like Ezra Jack Keats's The Snowy Day, James Thurber's Many Moons, or, of course, Shel Silverstein's The Giving Tree, are notably absent from modern day children's books — which seem to focus instead on delivering a squeaky-clean morality without any poetic undertaking whatsoever.”
Not only do I agree with you, but I agree with you AND have attached a copy of my manuscript: Darryl Delamater and Dibby the Dust Bunny in: THE DAY OF DIGRESSION!.
I don't mean to toot my own horn, but this is the best melding of poetry and art that the world of children's literature has ever seen. Read it, take it in, love it, write back explaining how I have a book deal, and simply wait for the famed Caldecott Medal to be awarded to me for most distinguished American picture book for children.
Please respond soon and let me know what you thought of the book.
Regards,
– Harold Callahan (Pen Name “Silly Sammy Saunders”)
Advertisements
One school will get more than $100,000 from a new funding stream targeting children from families on long-term welfare, Education Minister Hekia Parata says.
Photo: RNZ / Rebekah Parsons-King
The government is telling schools today how much money they will get next year from the $12.3 million fund it introduced instead of a one percent increase to school's operations grants.
The funding is targeted to about 133,000 students at 2421 schools and is widely regarded as a test run of a possible replacement for the decile system, which allocates extra funding to schools with a high number of children from disadvantaged neighbourhoods.
Ms Parata told Nine to Noon each eligible child would attract $92 for their school. If the money had been allocated as a general increase to the operations grant for all schools, it would have been worth $16 per child.
She said that meant schools with a high concentration of eligible children would be better off under the targeted funding.
Some schools would get a few hundred dollars, while others were getting $57,000 and one would receive $109,000 next year.
Ms Parata said schools would not know which children had attracted the funding and it would be up to schools to decide how to spend the money.
However, she said the funding should help schools improve children's achievement.
"I expect them to grow learning and raise achievement of all the kids in their school," she said.
"It's also recognising what the sector has been saying for some time - 'for these kids who have particular challenges, we need more support'," she said.
Post Primary Teachers Association president Angela Roberts, said schools in poor areas needed nearly $300m more than they already received.
"We have been looking at examples from the Netherlands and the USA that show a marked improvement in achievement by disadvantaged students after extra funding was allocated to those schools," she said.
She said extra staffing was especially important and most likely to lift achievement.
Ms Roberts said the PPTA estimated the amount needed to adequately compensate for the disadvantages some students faced needed to rise from $120 million per year to at least $400 million.
NZ Educational Institute (NZEI) president Louise Green said the targeted funding would not have a significant impact because it would provide less than $2 a week per eligible child.
"This targeted fund is worth less than half a sandwich per child. Schools are under-funded and the education budget needs to increase if we are to see all children have an equal chance to succeed," she said.
Ms Green said that using targeting without an increase in universal funding through the operations grant was robbing Peter to pay Paul.
"You can't turn around rampant inequality outside the school gate with crumbs inside it. Schools need much more significant resourcing," she said.
Global funding
Ms Parata told Nine to Noon she was disappointed that teacher unions NZEI and PPTA were holding paid union meetings to discuss opposition to a proposed change to school funding.
The unions were preparing to fight a suggestion known as global funding, which would allow schools to trade their staff funding for money they could spend on other things.
Ms Parata acknowledged the change would make it possible for schools to exchange some of their teacher funding for cash.
But she was sure that schools would not use it that way.
"I actually have quite a lot of confidence in principals and boards to understand as we have been saying as a government and I have been saying as a minster and all of my actions as a minister point to this, that it is the quality of teaching and the quality of leadership that make the most difference in schools," she said.
"Why would we be interested in a policy that would cut across that?"
Education Ministry deputy secretary Ellen MacGregor-Reid told RNZ schools could already cash up unused staffing through a system known as "bank staffing", but that happened after each school year had finished.
"Schools that underuse their staffing entitlement receive a cash reimbursement the following year, up to a maximum of 10 per cent of their annual staffing entitlement," she said.
"Under the global budget, schools would be able to plan their staffing usage and expenditure from the beginning of the year."
Ms MacGregor-Reid said in 2015, the reimbursement rate was $53,500 plus GST per full-time teacher equivalent (FTTE) and 832 schools (35 percent) underused part of their staffing entitlement.
She said 101 schools (4 percent) underused by at least 0.5 FTTEs and 38 schools by at least 1 full-time teaching position.
It was Getup; it was Labor's lies about Medicare. It was the super changes. It was the electorate getting it wrong. It was a week of finding someone else to blame.
Liberal Party power broker, Tasmanian senator Eric Abetz is almost quick enough off the blocks to lead of the Coalition's nation-wide chorus of denial, its political feature of the week, with his bizarre defence of his party over its election rout.
For Andrew Nikolic, the 10.6 % swing which lost him the marginal Bass to Labor's Ross Hart resulted from a “dishonest, nasty, personal campaign.” That nicely clears up any confusion about the role of his refusal to talk with any but pro-Liberal voters.
Nikolic, former chair of the nation's joint parliamentary committee on intelligence, accuses unions and Labor of deception “built around the core lie of Medicare privatisation.” He attacks GetUp! for peddling lies and frightening pensioners.
Yet GetUp! National director, Paul Oosting, says volunteers had communicated “clear facts about cuts to health education and renewable energy supported by Nikolic, whilst a funding crisis at Launceston General Hospital was of great concern to locals – as was the GP Medicare freeze which will price some families out seeing a doctor.
The government's nothing-to-see-here case was not helped, moreover, when Sussan Ley was put in witness protection for volunteering in May that she would lift the Medicare freeze but she was blocked by departmental red tape.
Rumours abound that Ley will be relieved of her post with some suggesting that world's best minister Greg Hunt, who has also been in witness protection during the campaign, will be an ideal Health minister given his outstanding success in environmental protection and his clean bill of health for the Great Barrier Reef.
One in twenty Australians already can't afford to see a doctor. Yet the government's extension of the Medicare freeze until 2020, means patients could face a $25 fee per consultation according to the AMA. No mention of a red tape problem.
Dotty Scott Morrison is also quick to claim that the government was robbed. “Beam me up Scotty” loves antics and theatrics and corny mock shock horror shows but he has failed at the main game. He has not got a handle on the Treasury portfolio.
There's the trust issue for starters. His PM would not even trust him with the date of his own budget. Surely he will be relieved of the post after his shocking campaign in which he sacrificed any shred of credibiity remaining to him with his war on business, his childish charts and his own black hole in Labor's hole and other loopy stunts.
The reason, voters were dumb enough to be bluffed by Labor's lies, he blusters Wednesday, was that the Coalition had run such a positive campaign.
Has he forgotten his own scaremongering; the Labor's war on business scare, the certainty that Bill Shorten would run Australia like a union scare; the collapse of the housing and even the stock market negative gearing scare, the soft on border security leading to chaos on our borders scare or Peter Dutton's refugees taking Aussie jobs while simultaneously sponging up all our Centrelink scare?
Even his PM the day before is wearing what Barrie Cassidy calls his “shit-eating grin” and conceding that there was “fertile ground” for voters Medicare fears to grow. What he could say is that voters are intelligent enough to recognise the Coalition's moves amount to establishing a two-tier privatised health system.
Part of the “fertile ground” for this campaign is that Australians have heard this promise before. Many recall John Howard's undermining of Medicare by failing to allow funding to keep up with costs and population growth.
Many others would also remember Tony Abbott's disastrous 2014 Budget promise of “no cuts to health” and how the Liberals tried to introduce a $7 GP tax and hike the price of prescriptions while ripping billions out of public hospitals.
And surely all would recall how Turnbull took the opportunity of his very first economic statement, the 2015 MYEFO, to cut even further than Abbott, slashing $650m from Medicare rebates for pathology and diagnostic imaging, cuts which Pathology Australia, the Diagnostic Imaging Association and others said would increase the price of vital tests and scans beyond affordable for some Australians.
Yet it is still a stretch to claim that Labor tricked electors into voting for it. Scruitneers and electoral officals reveal Medicare may have cost the Coalition votes, it seems from this stage of the vote count, but did not boost Labor's vote, as it might if people had been conned into believing they needed to vote to “save Medicare”.
In the meantime, as vote counting continues its glacial pace in marginal lower house seats as well as the senate, Tasmanians' votes below the line on the ballot ticket for Labor's popular Lisa Singh appear to be pushing her towards a senate seat.
Not only is Lisa popular, she, like Liberal Richard Colbeck, campaigned for a vote below the line, a trend which is likely to result in Eric Abetz, who easily accessed number one spot, receiving fewer votes than Colbeck, thereby signalling the end of party control over senate voting and some attenuation of Ubergruppenfuhrer Abetz's authority over the Tasmanian Liberals.
The gobsmacked senator elect is on to something, however with his suggestion that someone form a right wing Get Up, a theme also embraced by conservative party luminary Senator Cory Bernardi, who is once again said to be starting a group of right-thinking red-blooded Australians who aren't already voting One Nation.
Cory's new conservatives will nudge politics a little further to the right in response to the Liberals' thrashing in the polls and the miraculous resurgence of One Nation's Pauline Hanson, former guest of Her Majesty and latterly celebrity demagogue on the Today Show, clear signs to Eric Abetz and others that what voters are craving is another dollop of right wing nut-jobbery. A right wing GetUp would help, he reckons.
Yet there are a few hurdles ahead of Bernardi and Abetz starting with the support the conservative cause already enjoys from the odd powerful press baron, almost all mainstream media including the ABC and all our captains of industry and commerce, their supporters, the well-funded lobbyists, think tanks, foundations and institutes.
Also on the lucky Liberal list now are Chinese language voters who get all their news from WeChat, which hosted a non-scare campaign information service which explained for the non English reader Labor's plans for boys to use girls' toilets.
Voters in the Victorian seat of Chisholm in Melbourne's East were also told by WeChat how Labor was going to open the gate to refugees who would take jobs. Labor was going to increase the refugee quota at the expense of Chinese migrants.
Chisholm records a first-preference swing of 4.2% to the Liberal candidate, Julie Banks, and 5.6% away from Labor which is so low as to use scare tactics.
The volunteer-run WeChat social media campaign was organised by Gladys Liu, the Liberal party communities engagement committee chairwoman for Victoria.
Apart from being superfluous, Eric and Cory's concept of popular activists telephoning voters, for example, and canvassing votes on the basis that big business really needed a tax break or that pensioners needed further hurdles to jump to get their paltry allowances may need a little re-thinking.
Voters are more likely to paint their bodies blue and lie about naked in the street to be photgraphed, an event entirely of our time in the recent “Sea of Hull installation”, another of Spencer Tunick's, true-blue artworks.
Yet Abetz is no lone wolf. His whingeing echoes his hapless Prime Minister's petulant victory speech at the Wentworth hotel, such an ugly dummy spit that it even causes seasoned sourpuss Laurie Oakes' some grief.
“It is the first time that I have seen a bloke that has won the election give a speech that saying we are robbed,” Oakes says on a Channel Nine chat show that also doubles as an election night special.
The “we are robbed” theme is continued at the end of the week by the dynamic Arthur Sinodinos who appears on ABC Insiders to demonstrate in person that his party has learned nothing, claiming the results as a mandate for tax reform.
Oddly, none of the journos present asks Arthur whether his memory has recovered enough for him to be able to assist ICAC in what he did in the 25 and 45 hours a year he spent working as a director for AWH 2008-11 to justify his $200,000 salary.
We were robbed. Not that the candidates were out of touch or that their policies were duds. All voters were offered the usual hollow slogan of jobs and growth with the promise of a tax cut for the top four per cent – surely an irresistable package. Plus extra stability.
Denial is capably assisted by scapegoating and blaming. Already recriminations are flowing thick and fast while Tony Abbott is getting fan mail on ABC from the likes of Andrew Probyn. Is a bit of factional sand-bagging already taking place?
The consensus on Sunday's Insiders is that Abbott played a blinder of a campaign even helping out others such as poor George Christensen, one of the Liberals' Lost Boys and deserves a Brownlow for best non-sniper on the field and that he cannot possibly be linked to the salvoes of criticism which underminded his nemesis Turnbull from Sky media celebrity Peta Credlin. Nor will he in any way benefit.
Abbott does have a little jab at Malcolm on 2GB in yet another on-air rub down with Cronulla riot demi-urge Alan Jones. The big issues like budget repair, national security and border security, were underplayed in his opinion, aired for everyone's benefit, along with a lot of Rugby playing analogies that leave no doubt that after a spell on the bench, Abbott is waiting to be picked again for the firsts.
Stop the press. Tosser Turnbull has claimed victory, Bill Shorten has conceded defeat.
it's an odd speech about good government a phrase which recalls “good captain” Abbott who promised the same, not long before, he, too, got thrown out.
Tosser waffles about “building on the strength of our economy,” with a bit about how we get him wrong and how he is not an unduly sentimental fellow and how he was holding his grand-daughter when Bill Shorten rang him and sod the present it's all about the future and our grandchildren. We are trustees for our future generations.
Has he been on the single malt again?
Perhaps Turnbull's had a Damascene conversion. Perhaps he's about to ring Birmingham and Sussan Ley. Tell them he'll put back the $70 billion that his government ripped out of health and education.
Could someone get Greg Hunt on the phone? It is too late to ring Howard about getting the profits of the minerals boom back? A word with Keating about QANTAS and the Commonwealth bank, the infrastructre he sold off for a song?
There's a bit about democracy too, just to keep the Mineral Council of Australia happy, not to mention the long list of lobbyists and powerful backers to appease.
Many of us remember what the Minerals Council of Australia did to subvert public discussion on the Mining Super Profits Tax. Or what Clubs Australia did to stymie gambling reform, or what Big Coal did to Emissions Trading Scheme; the Carbon Tax.
Now it's all over bar the shouting. The blood-letting. The blaming. Will Turnbull be able to manage a slim majority and a cross bench of nine? He had the odd spot of bother with the last mob. And they had no Pauline Hanson. No Derryn Hinch.
How will he go with a leaner Liberal Party but a fatter right wing, a “broad church” with a rabble of conservatives pointing the finger at the Sinodinos faction of wets, circling cabinet positions and back-benchers bitching, ranting about their betrayal, now every one of them a kingmaker?
Whatever the outcome there'll be someone else to blame.
A party room meeting is scheduled for Monday.
Cory Bernardi's true blue conservative flash mob?
A PROPOSED alternative to the M4 relief road includes building an underground tunnel costing nearly £10bn.
The public inquiry is examining 22 alternatives to the Welsh Government backed black route, which is estimated to cost £1.1bn.
Put forward by a resident, alternative 20 to the scheme includes building a tunnel from Magor to Castleton which is estimated to cost £9,820million.
“This suggested route comprises an alternative mainline motorway alignment between Junction 29 (Castleton) and Junction 23 (proposed Magor Interchange),” the objectors preferred alternatives report states.
“The majority of the route would be through a 16km tunnel beneath the Gwent Levels SSSI and River Usk SAC. The tunnel would extend from the area east of Church Lane and to the west of J23A.”
The proposal would provide a more direct and faster route between junction 29 and junction 23, it is claimed.
But the report says the scheme would have “significantly greater capital costs maintenance and operation costs” than the black route.
It is argued the alternative would reduce “surface impacts” on the Gwent Levels, but that there would be potentially “significant impacts” arising from the scheme.
“The cost of this scheme would greatly outweigh the user benefits,” the report states.
The proposed black route would be 23km and consist of six lanes, departing from the existing M4 at junction 23A, passing across a new River Usk bridge to connect with the existing junction at Castleton, junction 29. The aim of the scheme is to ease traffic congestion on the M4 between Magor and Castleton and bring the road up to “modern standards.”
Opponents argue the scheme is too expensive, would harm the Gwent Levels and that there are better alternatives.
The public inquiry, which is expected to run until July, is currently hearing 22 alternatives which have been put forward.
Last month, the inquiry heard villagers from Llanfihangel Rogiet, near Caldicot, present the case for an alternative “green route” along with residents from Llandevenny objecting to the black route. Proceeding.
It's been 10 years since Miloon Kothari, former UN Special Rapporteur on the Right to Adequate Housing, visited Vancouver. He was back in town last week to receive an honourary Doctorate of Laws from Simon Fraser University.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
While in town, Kothari attended a rally in support of residents of the Balmoral Hotel. Residents of the single-residence occupancy hotel were recently ordered to leave after the City of Vancouver found it a risk of collapse. He also stopped by the tent city at 950 Main St.
Having helped coordinate Kothari's site visits back in 2007, I was pleased to interview him during this trip and hear his reflections on the housing situation in Vancouver today. Below are edited excerpts from that conversation.
Am Johal: You were here for about a week or so — it's been 10 years since you arrived in Vancouver as part of your UN mission to Canada looking at the right to adequate housing. You had a chance to visit the city's Downtown Eastside, the Balmoral Hotel and the tent city. Can you share some reflections?
Miloon Kothari: Overall, I'm actually quite shocked on several fronts. One is that the housing crisis that I observed in 2007, 10 years ago, has become worse on virtually every level, whether you look at the level of homelessness, densification of poverty, the crisis of rental housing and the lack of housing options for low-income people. So that's been quite surprising. These adverse housing and living conditions are partly fed by the hyper-speculation and gentrification you see all across the city.
I'm also quite disturbed by the fact that the city government, instead of playing the role of protecting housing options that lower-income people have, has been either through acts of commission or omission actually abetting this whole process. The kind of gentrification that you see happening in the Downtown Eastside, and that you see now in Chinatown is also being done through a process of rezoning, through the development of condominium buildings that drive up land values for adjacent areas. There doesn't seem to be a commensurate attempt to increase the housing options for lower-income and modest-income people. You either see a shortage of shelters or inadequate conditions in shelters, a complete reduction in the number of single resident occupancy units, or the type of decrepit situation that you see at the Balmoral.
I don't know what the logic is there, but [it's] similar to the logic in other cities, where municipalities, in collusion with developers, deliberately let a particular area deteriorate and then it becomes an emergency. And then, when renovations happen, those properties don't ever go back to the people who lived there before, which is a legitimate fear that the Balmoral residents have. Putting them into BC Housing and other SROs is a good step, but there seems to be no guarantee that they can come back, or that the Balmoral and other SROs will be retained as housing options for low-income people.
It seems that we're getting urban policies of densification without the regulatory safeguards to protect lower-income and modest-income people — and also that densification through market measures hasn't produced affordability in an adequate way. The profits go upward and accelerate social inequality — they have for some time and development trajectories only show this accelerating under current policies.
There are three problems with how it has unfolded in Vancouver. One is that it's a very piecemeal thing. The other thing is that it's not really mixed use. Projects seem to be segregated along income lines, such as the Woodwards condominium. The third thing is that the city hasn't come to grips with this whole thing called affordable housing in a proper sense. They are not able to define it properly. Affordable housing becomes a catch phrase that could mean anything — housing for low-income people, housing for middle-income people, housing for high-income people — affordable to whomever can afford it.
When you say a building is going to be 30 per cent affordable, it doesn't necessarily mean that low-income people will be able to live in that building. This phenomenon is coupled with this other bizarre situation that in B.C., an anomaly in the Western world, where welfare rates haven't gone up in 10 years in such an expensive city. If you had low inflation, rent control, or a situation where prices hadn't increased, you might even be able to justify it. When you know that the welfare shelter rate is nowhere near what the rents are at, then it makes no sense at all. It's a slap in the face of the poor.
You visited the tent city a few days ago, just off of Main Street — the exact site you visited when you came to do your report on Canada's housing situation for the UN Human Rights Council. I'm wondering if you can comment on some of your observations and conversations that you've had while you've been here?
It was the same spot and some of the people were the same. There were many more people and in fact there isn't enough room to accommodate everyone. The tents have spilt over onto the street. In the kind of acute housing crisis that you have in Vancouver for lower-income groups, there seems to be no choice — there aren't places to live that are affordable. Most of the residents I spoke to said that in the tent city, the living conditions and the atmosphere is much better than the shelters and some of the SROs. Which gives you an indication of how bad the situation really is.
Tent cities are not a housing solution. The fact that they exist and that they multiply is actually an indicator of a housing crisis not being solved, or that sincere attempts haven't been made to solve it. I know there are tent cities in other places. I'm in touch with the people in Maple Ridge. Tent cities, SROs, people doubling up in tiny rooms are all indicators that [over] the last 10 years or longer, the housing policies in Vancouver and B.C. have failed. The city officials indicate that there is little they can do — and they're partially right but not entirely. The federal and provincial governments need to do more. The city's own policies and approach needs to be changed as well. That's not happening now, but hopefully with a human-rights based national housing strategy from the federal government there will be a more focused approach by provincial and local governments that gets at the root of the problem.
There are a lot of examples of cities around the world that are doing well in relation to affordability and in mitigating market forces. It's been pointed out that they have greater regulatory and jurisdictional power than the City of Vancouver has — be it Montreal, Vienna or Barcelona. This intergovernmental bickering that becomes so tiresome and part of the political culture on various issues is part of the stalemate here — one that most everybody finds unacceptable given the gravity of the situation. Can you comment on city government responses that their hands are tied until senior levels of government step up, or they're hamstrung by the limits of their jurisdiction? What more could they be doing unilaterally in order to deal with the situation as it is?
They are partially right, but not entirely so. There is a great legacy of housing that's been built with a partnership of all three levels of government. There was a time, you know, that Canada was well regarded internationally related to its co-op housing sector. What happened? There was robust funding support over a long period of time. So that kind of support hasn't been there the past 20 years or so. It has been piecemeal. The increase in homelessness can be attributed to this partially, but also the social welfare policies have been victims of neoliberal policies, which cost society more in the long run.
Obviously that creates a situation [for Vancouver's government], that they are squeezed for funding at the local level. But that in itself doesn't excuse the fact it is still a very wealthy city. There could be higher taxation on higher valued properties. One thing the city could do is improve the shelters — they could slow down gentrification using zoning and other regulatory measures. There's no reason why the gentrification that is happening in the Downtown Eastside or Chinatown should be allowed. An entire area could be zoned off from this speculation to protect the low-income people living there. It has to be a political choice. It requires leadership at the political level. One can't rely on the planners without the political sanctioning of such a policy. If you are doing rezoning, it could be limited to developing social housing for those most in need, not for the rich. A few token units for seniors and low-income people are insufficient. So I don't see the city doing an adequate job in trying to stem that tide of gentrification.
Nine Things the Real Estate Industry Doesn't Want You to Know read more
The only conclusion you can reach is that there has to be collusion between the city machinery, developers, and obviously homeowners are de facto part of that too. That is who is benefiting from this system as it is. And it's hurting the vast majority of the people who live here. We're talking about millions and millions of dollars being made in this corrupt structure. People should be thoroughly embarrassed by this. If this were a similar situation in other countries, there would be investigations and hard questions being asked. Why are interest rates so low? Why are the banks being downgraded for being overexposed in the housing market? There should even be criminal investigations related to the real estate sector. The story of the unbridled real estate market in Vancouver is casino capitalism as its worst — a lottery which reduces a social resource like housing to a commodity.
It's cheaper to own and rent in places in Montreal, so people don't really talk about housing as a crisis. In Vancouver, it's hard to spend 15 minutes not talking about it. Anything you'd like to add that conversation?
I'm very inspired by the level of community activism. I attended a rally on Sunday at the Balmoral. It was impressive to see so many groups and individuals that have come out in support of the tenants there. The Balmoral could become a symbol for a change in the city. It's also received national attention and should be seen as an embarrassment to the City of Vancouver. For that level of civil society action to really bear fruit, it's really important that alliances are built across sectors and across the city. It can't just be in the neighbourhood or it will fail to gain traction at the level of policy and policymakers. Groups like academic institutions, labour unions, other social justice groups. That would be good to see.
The crisis is such that it's at a citywide level and it needs a citywide response. Cross-sectoral alliances could also be built with national organizations working on housing issues. City and national campaigns on housing rights are the need of the hour, as it is evident in many cities and countries around the world. Such campaigns could seek to ensure that housing is not treated merely as a commodity but as a basic human right. I raised this issue during my terms as UN special rapporteur. It's great to see that the current special rapporteur, Leilani Farha, has initiated a global call to action around this theme. The city and national campaigns could also push for a much more rigorous use of the UN's human rights machinery. There hasn't been enough done to make the linkages between the local and the global.
When you talk about cities calling themselves “human rights cities” or taking a “human rights approach” to housing, can you explain a little bit what you mean by that in terms of policy and facts on the ground?
UN Observer: 'Massive Crisis' in Vancouver read more
In Montreal, there's a Charter of Rights and Responsibilities. There are other cities around the world that have declared themselves as human rights cities as well. What this essentially means is that you have a housing policy that is designed around the needs of the most marginalized first, because a city should be for everybody. Everyone who lives and works in a city should have a right to city, to be able to access the best of what the city has to offer. This principle has been accepted in the “New Urban Agenda” that emerged from the Habitat III Conference in Quito in October.
One of the key requirements of a human rights based approach would mean developing a housing continuum approach. The Vancouver city planners talk about this, but it has not been implemented in an egalitarian manner, otherwise you would not have the housing crisis we have today. An ideal continuum approach would have shelters, assisted shelters, students' hostels, working people's hostels, cooperative housing, temporary housing, permanent social housing, all the way to affordable rental, rent-controlled housing with strong policies promoting security of tenure of tenants rather than the flimsy policies that exists under the current provincial regulations.
Only at the very end of the continuum would be ownership housing. Right now, with the development that is going on, it's really about fulfilling the insatiable appetite of the speculators' market for home ownership, which in fact is not where the real need clearly is. Its ownership skewed towards the upper end. I call Vancouver an apartheid city. Someone asked me if I meant along income lines. That's partially true, but if you look at which population groups are disproportionately represented in the tent cities and SROs like the Balmoral in the Downtown Eastside, these are Indigenous people and migrants of various ethnicities that are disproportionately represented in relation to their overall population in the region.
I stand by my comment calling Vancouver an apartheid city. There don't seem to be any concrete measures to reverse that. The mayor should declare Vancouver as a human rights city and then follow the right to housing approach. There are some groups locally talking about this (even in places like Whistler and West Vancouver). The activists working on the ground should be viewed as partners rather than as adversaries.
Jason Schneider always kissed his wife before he left for work each morning. On Wednesday, before the Baltimore County tactical officer walked out the door at 4 a.m., he kissed her one last time.
"I woke up and I told him I loved him. And that was the last memory of Jason alive," his wife, Ericka, wrote in a statement read aloud by a friend during Officer Schneider's funeral Saturday at St. Bartholomew Roman Catholic Church in Manchester.
Officer Schneider, 36, a married father of two, died Wednesday, less than two hours after he said that last goodbye. He was a member of the county's tactical unit that was serving a warrant in a nonfatal shooting in Catonsville when he was shot and killed, becoming the ninth county police officer to die in the line of duty.
More than 1,200 family, friends, and police officers from all over the region — from D.C., Pennsylvania, the Eastern Shore — came to pay their last respects. The church was packed with mourners, while officers, wearing dress blue uniforms, congregated around speakers under a blazing sun to hear the service outside.
Of the thousands of officers Baltimore County police Chief James W. Johnson has known over his career, he said, "Jason was truly one of the best. He was brave without bravado, which can prove the undoing of those who wear the badge. … He knew that being a police officer required responsibility and strength."
Officer Schneider, who served in the tactical unit for 10 years, handled thousands of calls like the ones that cost him his life on Wednesday, Chief Johnson said. His job was "bringing those to justice that did not want to face it."
As Officer Schneider attempted to subdue a fleeing teen with his ballistic shield, he was shot from the rear by Tevon Smith, 25. Officer Schneider and a second officer returned fire, killing Smith.
Officer Schneider, known by colleagues for his leadership, was often called upon to be the first man through the door, making quick judgments in life-or-death situations.
He finished first in SWAT school, said fellow tactical officer Robert Jones. "Jason progressed through the team at a rate like none other. Eventually he became the best guy we had, the most dependable guy we could put through the door first."
Officer Jones spoke with a smile when recalling Officer Schneider as the health fanatic, packing protein bars and Tupperware containers of grilled chicken and steamed broccoli while other officers sipped coffee and ate doughnuts.
As Officer Jones spoke, his fellow SWAT officers sat in the front row of the church; one clutched Officer Schneider's blue dress cap, while another held a folded American flag.
At one point, Officer Jones choked up recalling the day Officer Schneider died. He remembered how another officer fought back tears, telling Officer Jones, "I held him in his final moments. But I had him. I had him."
Officer Jones also addressed each member of Officer Schneider's family, recalling how devoted he was to his wife.
"He was the one guy, he was counting the minutes down, 'I'm going to go home and see my girl, going to go home and see my girl,'" Officer Jones said.
In her statement, read by Kim Pennywell, Ericka Schneider recalled how her husband was a devoted father who always chose to spend his weekends with his kids — Brandon and Kayla.
She wrote about how, after their first date almost seven years ago, "I told my mother I was going to marry him."
For the next year he sent her flowers every month to mark the day they met, and would continue to send them unexpectedly thereafter, she wrote.
"It didn't take long for me to fall madly in love with him. And he couldn't be more loving and thoughtful and caring towards me and, of course, our children."
At the end of the service, Ericka Schneider was presented with the department's Medal of Honor, posthumously awarded to her husband.
"Today, our department honors Officer 1st Class Jason Schneider with the highest award we can possibly give," Chief Johnson said.
After the funeral, mourners looked on as his casket was carried by pallbearers — mostly tactical officers — to the hearse, past honor guard units from around the region. Only the sound of officers' shoes hitting the pavement and a steady snare drum beat were audible.
He was later laid to rest at Dulaney Valley Memorial Gardens in Timonium.
Baltimore Sun reporter Michael Gold contributed to this article.
jkanderson@baltsun.com
twitter.com/janders5
Hackage update, part 4
A lot has happened with Hackage since my last update. Now that the Summer of Code is over, I'll summarize the work I've done since then, and outline where this project will go next.
What's “build reporting”?
Since my project covered a few obscure parts of Hackage and Cabal, I think it's worthwhile to clear some terminology first.
If you've uploaded a library to Hackage before, you may have noticed that the Haddock documentation does not appear straight away. Since building a package can be quite resource intensive, the job is handled by a dedicated build bot. This bot continually polls for new packages, invokes cabal install on them (with some special flags, which I'll go into later), and uploads the result.
Of course, this process does not always succeed. If a package fails to compile, then it will not have any documentation either. This is clearly very inconvenient.
Fortunately, recent versions of cabal include a feature called build reporting. When invoked with the --build-summary option, cabal creates a file containing useful information about the build. Here's an example using the robot package:
$ cabal install robot --build-summary='$pkg.report' ... $ cat robot.report package: robot-1.3.0.1 os: linux arch: x86_64 compiler: ghc-7.6.3 client: cabal-install-1.20.0.3 dependencies: xhb-0.5.2014.4.10 transformers-0.3.0.0 exceptions-0.6.1 containers-0.5.0.0 base-4.6.0.1 install-outcome: InstallOk docs-outcome: NotTried tests-outcome: NotTried
Since the build bot uses cabal , it has access to these reports as well. So whenever the bot completes a build — successful or not — it posts the corresponding report to Hackage. You can read these reports yourself via a special URL; for our robot example it's http://hackage.haskell.org/package/robot-1.3.0.1/reports/.
In summary: if the docs for a package are missing, then the reports will tell us why. If there are no reports, then it must mean the build bot hasn't attempted the package yet. All is fine and dandy, at least in theory.
Unfortunately…
… not all builds were reported. The gaps were in two places: planning failures and package candidates. My latest patch to cabal fixed both these issues.
Reporting planning failures
A planning failure is when cabal-install cannot find a consistent set of dependencies to use. You can trigger a planning failure yourself:
$ cabal install robot --constraint='robot < 1.1' --constraint='robot > 1.1' cabal: Could not resolve dependencies: ...
Since we can't have a robot which is both older and newer than 1.1, the resolver fails.
Formerly, as dependency resolution ran early in the build process, any failures at this stage did not generate a corresponding report. So if the build bot encountered a planning failure, all the user saw was missing documentation, with no hints as to what went wrong.
The fix was mostly straightforward, save for one issue: since users can report their own builds, a naïve implementation would have lead to Hackage being swamped with frivolous reports. So this feature is guarded behind a flag ( --report-planning-failure ), and disabled by default.
Hackage has a feature called build candidates. This lets package maintainers upload and test packages without publishing them to the main site.
Again, the problem was the lack of reporting: when a candidate was uploaded, the build bot would compile the package but not submit a report. This was a major issue, since this reporting was what motivated the feature in the first place.
After some digging, I traced this to a bug in cabal . A candidate is not published in the main package index (by definition), so it is impossible to refer to one by name (e.g. hello-1.0 ). So the build bot invokes cabal using the bare URL instead (e.g. http://hackage.haskell.org/package/hello/candidates/hello-1.0.tar.gz ).
The problem was if only a URL was given, cabal considered it a “local” package and did not generate a report. The reason for this behavior is outside the scope of this post, but the fix was clear: change cabal to generate reports for all packages, no matter how they are specified on the command line.
Where to next?
Though the Summer of Code has ended, my work with Hackage has not. There are still many issues that need clearing up, especially with the candidates feature; I'll continue hacking away at them in my spare time.
And lest I forget — many thanks to my mentor Duncan Coutts for his guidance throughout this project! I had plenty of fun this summer, and learned just as much.
One hundred years ago the women workers of St. Petersburg, Russia, began a strike on International Women's Day which opened the struggle that soon ended the 370-year rule of the czars and led in eight months to the first socialist state. A key factor was the change in consciousness of the soldiers in the city's garrison. The following is excerpted from John Catalinotto's new book, “Turn the Guns Around: Mutinies, Soldier Revolts and Revolutions.”
On Feb. 23, 1917, by the Julian calendar used in Russia at that time — March 8 in the rest of Europe — a 25-year-old revolutionary sailor, whose Bolshevik party name was Raskolnikov, looked out his window in Petrograd, Russia's industrial center and capital.
The Russian rulers had decided calling the city Petrograd instead of Saint Petersburg would sound less German, as they were at war with Germany. Raskolnikov thought, “Today is Women's Day. Will something happen in the streets today?” Something did happen. Some 128,000 workers were on strike. The whole city was seething.
As things turned out, “Women's Day” was fated to be the first day of the revolution. Working women, driven to despair by their hard conditions and prey to the torments of hunger, were the first to come out onto the streets demanding “bread, freedom and peace.” The crowds were facing down police mounted on horses, who would push the people around or smack them with the flat side of their swords.
Wrote one observer: “[A]s soon as the mounted policemen had returned to the roadway, the crowd would close up again into a solid mass. In some of the groups we could see men, but the overwhelming majority consisted of working women and workers' wives.”
Eight weeks earlier, as 1917 was beginning, Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov, whose party name was Lenin, was in exile in Zürich, Switzerland, where he had been organizing and speaking against the great imperialist war. In a talk to young students, he remarked that Russians as old as he was — forty-six at the time — would likely never see a revolution overthrow the Russian czar, but that the youth would.
Even this most revolutionary leader of the working class was surprised by the explosive speed of change in Russia. One can only imagine how oblivious Czar Nicholas II was at that time to his imminent fate.
As Raskolnikov wrote, the first of the two 1917 revolutions in Russia began on Feb. 23 with a strike of women workers on International Women's Day. The action grew into a general strike and mass political revolution in the capital city that overthrew the czarist monarchy that had ruled Russia since 1547. The attitude and actions of low-ranking soldiers and sailors were a determining factor in the revolution's success.
Background to the revolution
The czarist empire had ruled over many subject peoples — Finns, Lithuanians and Estonians in the Northwest; Poles and Ukrainians in the West; Georgians, Armenians and many Turkic and mostly Muslim peoples in the Caucasus and South; plus Indigenous peoples throughout the Arctic and Siberian regions; and Jews and other minorities throughout its vast territory.
Czarist Russia was far less developed economically than the major imperialist powers in Western Europe — Germany, France and Britain. Some five-sixths of Russia's 185 million people were peasants, who had been liberated from legal serfdom in 1861, but were still in the thrall of the landlords and the nobility. About twenty-six million of its people were wage laborers in 1917, including 6.5 million farm laborers and another six million in private and state-owned industry.
Although a smaller part of the total population than in Germany, Britain and the United States, the workers in Russian industry were more concentrated, toiling in recently established giant factories that employed thousands and even tens of thousands of workers.
Russia was by far the poorest of the major countries, yet some fifteen million men, mainly peasants, were drafted and thrown into the battles of World War I, with little training or equipment. They were cannon fodder. By 1917, more than two million had died and another four million were wounded.
With so many men under arms, a large number of women were employed in heavy industry in Petrograd; women made up about one-third of the workforce there. More than 100,000 of these women went out on strike on Feb. 23, defying the czarist state, defying the cautions of their political parties, defying everyone. That first day, the striking women escaped clashes with the police generally unscathed.
Encouraged by this success, male workers joined the women the following day, and in all more than 200,000, or half of the city's workers, were in the streets. General Sergei Khabalov, who commanded the Petrograd army garrison, was responsible for controlling the demonstration.
But the workers, and especially the women, many of whom were soldiers' wives, were talking with the garrison troops. They were even approaching the Cossacks, who were mounted troops often used in punitive actions against crowds, but who showed the workers they were weary of this unpleasant duty. On the other hand, the workers were hostile toward both the regular police and the secret police; the latter especially were enemies of the people and staunch defenders of the czar.
A political intellectual named N.N. Sukhanov, who was in the internationalist wing of the Menshevik Party (the right wing of the old Russian Social Democratic Labor Party), wrote a detailed eyewitness account of the 1917 Revolution. In this book, he described one telling moment when a Cossack became so riled up seeing a police inspector attack one of the demonstrators with his sword that he “flew at the inspector and slashed off his hand.”
Soldiers turn the guns around
On Feb. 26, as ever-friendlier fraternization between the workers and the troops was going on, something special happened. Something like this has probably taken place in every successful revolution in urban society. Soldiers from the Pavlovsky regiment, a major military unit of the Petrograd Garrison, witnessed a police unit on one side of a river fire on the people protesting on the other. Sukhanov wrote:
“Seeing this shooting at unarmed people and the wounded falling around them, and finding themselves in the zone of fire, the Pavlovskys opened fire at the police across the canal.”
When a regiment as big as the Pavlovsky breaks with tyranny, its soldiers have only one road forward: Spread the rebellion — or die. That same day representatives of the workers and peasants' parties — the Mensheviks, the Bolsheviks and the Social Revolutionaries — gathered to form the Petrograd Soviet, the Russian word for “council.” This political leadership of the revolution, for its part, had to help spread the soldiers' rebellion.
That evening, the Provisional Executive Committee, elected from the Petrograd Soviet, convened, declaring that the Soviet was now open. Its first task was to begin organizing emergency rations for the garrison troops who had come over to the revolution. The mutinous soldiers knew they were still a minority of the garrison, and their lives were on the line if the revolution were not carried through to the end. They needed to act.
They began to arrest members of the ordinary police, still loyal to the czar, and of the hated secret police. One by one the troops of a dozen other regiments met and decided to pledge their allegiance to the Petrograd Soviet of Workers' Deputies. Their representatives went to the Petrograd Soviet and reported from the regiments' assemblies:
“They told us to say that we refuse to serve against the people any more, we're going to join with our brother workers, all united, to defend the people's cause. … We would lay down our lives for that. Long live the revolution!”
Soviet reaches out to the troops
At this point the political leaders changed the name of the Soviet of Workers' Deputies to the Soviet of Workers' and Soldiers' Deputies, thus fusing the spontaneous rank-and-file soldier organizations to the workers' councils.
The Soviet received a report that a regiment loyal to the czarist regime was arriving, which caused some nervousness, but Sukhanov ended his text with this description that showed how much the population and all of the army had turned against Czar Nicholas and the war:
“Later we [Soviet members] became persuaded that any attempt to dispatch troops for the pacification of Petersburg was fruitless. All the ‘loyal' troops preserved their loyalty and obeyed their commanders only as far as the railway stations, then immediately went over to the side of the revolution, and the commanders obeyed them.”
The Bolsheviks, Lenin's party, may have been as surprised as everyone else with how quickly the revolutionary movement was developing, but they were the first to adapt to the new situation. Groups of Bolshevik workers raided police stations, took weapons and passed them out to their supporters. The soldiers, who as a whole were still wavering, could then see there were armed, determined and well-organized contingents of workers who were ready to see the revolution to its end.
With tens of thousands of troops already in a state of mutiny and facing deadly punishment if the revolt were to end before overthrowing the czar, the troops who had already mutinied had no option but to reach out to their brother soldiers and win them over to the revolution. It was no difficult task, as the rank-and-file soldiers were completely fed up with the hated czar and the rest of the nobility, and most were anxious to return to their farms. In the next few days the entire Petrograd garrison joined the Revolution.
The empire ends
Pressured by the bourgeois parties in a new government, on March 1 Czar Nicholas II attempted to abdicate in favor of his brother Mikhail, but Mikhail refused to take over the sinking ship. The czarist ministers were arrested.
Armed soldiers answering to the Soviet arrested any police who were still on the streets interfering with the masses, who were in turn tearing down the symbols of czarist rule. On March 3, the Executive Committee of the Petrograd Soviet ordered the arrest of the czar, who attempted to flee. He was captured, along with the rest of the royal family. The empire had ended.
It was the first big step that was to lead over the next eight months to a revolution that would not only remove the nobility but end the rule of the capitalists and change the course of the 20th century.
Sources: Raskolʹnikov's “Kronstadt and Petrograd in 1917”; Sukhanov's “The Russian Revolution 1917,” Vol. 1; and “1914-1918-Online. International Encyclopedia of the First World War (WW1).”
Donald Trump Is Slowly Destroying CNN — And It Might Be A Good Thing
Daniel Pritchett Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 17, 2016
There was a lot of news to report on Friday morning. Non-election related topics included a gasoline spill of 250,000 gallons which will likely cause an outage in nearby Alabama communities, a recall on exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7s, the crumbling “ceasefire” in Syria, and a suicide attack at a mosque in Pakistan killing 14. More than enough topics to broadcast as viewers get ready for the work day.
Instead, viewers got CNN's red carpet treatment of Trump's ground-breaking, earth-shattering, yuuge statement about the ultra-racist “Birther Movement” he played an integral role in spreading to the masses. With the banner “BREAKING NEWS: TRUMP SET TO ADDRESS ‘BIRTHER' ISSUE,” Trump used the spotlight to shine on veterans issues for a solid 30 minutes on live television.
The event concluded with Trump quickly admitting the President of the United States is an American sandwiched between a couple more lies.
“We got Rickrolled and played.” — Jake Tapper
“We got played, again, by the Trump campaign, because that's what they do.” — John King
According to a September Gallup poll, only 32 percent of Americans have trust and confidence in the media. Trump is single-handedly exposing the worst side of the media and the worst side of the American electorate. He ties the two together with the perfect ribbon when decrying the “dishonest media.”
“The media has openly been dishonest, and I looked at that poll and I said, ‘wow,'” Trump said in an interview with Fred Dicker. “Because every speech I talk about it, and I have tens of thousands of people showing up to these speeches and they are on television… and I will tell you that everybody is talking about the dishonesty, the total dishonesty of some of the papers and the media generally.”
To use a Trumpian phrase —a lot of people are also saying that the media handing Trump his megaphone to announce his ban on Muslim immigration, if elected, only worsens the fact that Muslims are the most disliked group in America. It's true, you can read more about that here (I promise, this is not a Rickroll).
On the bright side, maybe Trump's candidacy will reform how the media covers future presidential elections. We just learned that Jill Stein and Gary Johnson will not qualify for the debates, and a lot of people are saying the media is to blame for that too since the most coverage Johnson received was after his “Where is Aleppo” gaffe. It's clear that a majority of news consumers don't appreciate how CNN and its competitors have covered this election, but all it takes is one network to make the first move to improve their coverage, and if it pays off, others will be forced to follow.
Update: The saga continues.
Our rolling coverage of the day's events in Shoreham has concluded. Read the latest on the air tragedy in our main report
A new, on-the-ground image of the moment of the crash features on many Sunday newspaper front pages.
Photo: Terry Smith
22.20
The day's main news
Nicola Harley and Patrick Sawer have written our main report of the day's tragic events at the Shoreham Air Show, where a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed into several cars on the A27 road, killing seven people.
This was the sixth disaster at a UK air show in the last seven years. Six fatalities have occurred in those incidents, including one in 2007 at the Shoreham event.
Horrifying footage showed the plane failing to recover from a steep dive in a looping manoeuvre before exploding on impact.
Pilot Andy Hill, a British Airways captain and a former RAF instructor in his 50s, is in a critical condition, while police fear there may be more deaths to report as the search of the crash site continues.
21.40
The pilot of the Hawker Hunter jet is in a critical condition in hospital after the crash that left seven people dead, West Sussex Police have said. And it is possible that the bodies of more victims will be found as the search of the scene continues.
Superintendent Jane Derrick of Sussex Police said: "Sadly we believe that seven people have lost their lives today when the jet crashed.
"As far as we are aware all those who sadly lost their lives were on the road, and it was nobody within the air show perimeter on the actual airport.
"At this time we are continuing to search ... the area to ensure that we have identified all the casualties.
"It is possible that tonight and tomorrow we are going to find more bodies at the scene."
21.00
The Air Accidents Investigation Branch has confirmed its investigation into the crash is under way. A spokesman said: "AAIB will be conducting a civil air accident investigation and a team is on site. We are working closely with Sussex police and a report will be produced in due course."
Meanwhile, transport in the crash site area will continue to be disrupted as the investigation continues. The A27 will remain closed until Monday morning, when it is expected to reopen from 6am, Highways England said. There are currently delays of around 30 minutes between the junctions with the A24 South and the A2025.
20.15
A wedding limousine was one of the cars hit by the plane as it crashed, the Telegraph can reveal.
The classic Daimler Limousine, believed to be owned by a wedding car firm, had been travelling along the road when the incident happened.
18.30
'It's a sad day for a lot of people'
A witness to the fatal plane crash in Shoreham today has spoken of the moment the jet crashed onto the A27 saying: "It's a sad day for a lot of people."
18.00
Former Harrier jump-jet pilot Andy Hill has been named locally as the pilot of the Shoreham crash. As yet there has been no official confirmation of his condition.
Photo: http://www.air-shows.org​
17.42
The Great War Display Team has paid tribute to the victims.
It said: "Naturally with the tragic events at Shoreham, the show and the Team's display was cancelled. Our thoughts are with everyone involved in the sad events of today."
Naturally with the tragic events at Shoreham, the show and the Team's display was cancelled. Our thoughts are with everyone involved in the sad events of today. Posted by The Great War Display Team on Saturday, August 22, 2015
17.28
Lancing College says its prayers are with the victims. The crash happened outside the dormitories of the 10,000-a-year private school.
Our sympathies, thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the plane crash at the Shoreham Airshow this afternoon. — Lancing College (@LancingCollege) August 22, 2015
Photo: Eddie Mitchell
17.27
The South East Coast Ambulance Service said: "SECAMB confirm 7 fatalities from the crash at the Shoreham air show today. Thoughts are with the families and loved ones."
SECAMB confirm 7 fatalities from the crash at the Shoreham air show today. Thoughts are with the families and loved ones. — SECAmb (@SECAmbulance) August 22, 2015
1 serious injury and 14 walking wounded at Shoreham Air Show today, following a crashed aircraft. — SECAmb (@SECAmbulance) August 22, 2015
17.24
Sussex Police confirm seven people are dead and more than 14 injured.
Photo: AFP/Getty
A police spokesman said: "A number of people are known to have died when a historic military jet crashed into a busy main road at Shoreham in Sussex.
"The Hawker Hunter was taking part in an air show at the airport adjacent to the A27 when it crashed on to the road and ended up in a bush at 1.20pm.
"Emergency services have declared a major incident and a number of helicopters have been deployed to the scene to evacuate casualties to hospital.
"South East Coast Ambulance Service have confirmed that there have been seven fatalities declared at the scene, one patient with serious life-threatening injuries has been transported to Royal Sussex County Hospital and a further 14 patients treated for minor injuries."
16.56
South East Coast Ambulance Service said the victims all died at the scene, with a further person being taken to hospital in critical condition.
Two people have been taken to hospital and 10 other casualties are being treated at the scene.
16.49
Seven people have been killed following the Shoreham plane crash
16.30
It is believed the Hawker which crashed is owned by millionaire petrol station owner Graham Peacock and was being displayed at Shoreham this year by pilot Andy Hill
16.22
Survivor Jasper Vincent has spoken about the moment the fireball from the plane crash in Shoreham almost hit his car.
16.20
It is feared a number of people have died following the plane crash.
Police said there were "several casualties" after the plane hit a number of cars.
The Royal Sussex County Hospital was put on major alert at 2pm and told to expect casualties.
One person was admitted to the hospital in a critical condition and another with minor injuries. It is feared others died at the scene.
16.02
The first footage of the moment of the crash has become available to us
15.35
It is the second tragic incident at the Shoreham Airshow in recent years.
In September 2007 James Bond stuntman Brian Brown, 49, died when he crashed a Second World War Hurricane after carrying out an unplanned barrel roll at a re-enactment of the Battle of Britain
15:25
Shocking footage of the aftermath of the Shoreham plane crash has emerged. See the Telegraph's Shoreham slideshow.
15.10
Eyewitness Jason Gunn, 53, said the plane appeared to "split in half".
He told the Argus: "I was watching the display from on top of my car.
"As it came down, it seemed like it didn't have enough power to lift it up.
"I saw it just going below the tree and I expected it to come up.
"But it didn't and suddenly - boom boom. It looked as if it split in half."
Photo: Eddie Mitchell
15.06
The Hawker crashed and burst into flames close to a former pub, the Sussex Pad, close to Lancing College, which the prestigious £10,000 per term boarding school had converted into dormitories for its pupils.
Fortunately the building is understood to have been empty at the time as the children are still on their summer vacation.
Indeed locals say the school insisted the air show be held during the holidays to avoid precisely this kind of disaster.
Sue Pack, the wife of the former pub's landlord Wally, said: "I was on the beach watching the air show when I suddenly saw this huge plume of smoke and knew something terrible had happened.
"It's such a shock to all of us. My grandson is a member of the Air Training Corps and was working up there. Fortunately he's OK."
Mrs Pack added: "When Lancing College bought the pub from us to turn into dormitories for the boys they insisted the air show shouldn't be held when the children where there, during term time."
15.01
Shocking footage of witnesses running to get help as plane crashes.
14.57
Eyewitness said the plane did a loop but did not complete it and crashed.
14.55
Onlookers have described the scene as "carnage".
Off duty paramedic Chris Blewett, 47, was watching the performance on a riverbank when witnessed the horror crash.
Mr Blewett, of Worthing, West Sussex, said: "It was doing a big loop the loop and I thought, 'That's coming in low' and then there was a massive fireball.
"It looked like it landed on oncoming traffic on the A27.
"There were many burnt out cars and motorbikes laying on their side.
"It was absolute carnage."
14.53
Witnesses have described two huge fire bombs when the accident happened.
Onlookers saw two huge fireballs erupting near a tree line, before plumes of thick, black smoke billowed into the air.
One eyewitness, tweeting as Jon B, said: "It (the plane) turned from the north by Lancing College, went to go low towards the airfield and went behind some trees below where I was.
"Then there was a crunch sound and a ball of flames and thick black smoke came up from the ground."
14.47
The crash has happened next to a former pub, the Sussex Pad, which was bought by private boarding school Lancing College in 2012.
It is on the edge of the historic fee-paying school's estate.
The original Sussex Pad, which was destroyed in a fire in 1905, dates back to the 15th century.
It was used by parents visiting their children at Lancing College and was popular visitors to the Shoreham Air Show.
14.46
Air accident investigators are heading to the scene.
An Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) spokesman said: "The AAIB is aware of the incident and we will be deploying a team to investigate."
14.34
Latest reports say cyclists may have been hit in the crash.
The Hawker Hunter crash site appears to be on or adjacent to the A27. #Shoreham pic.twitter.com/nwRUBBKKg1 — Aidan Kerr (@Aidan_Kerr1) August 22, 2015
14:31
Motorists have taken pictures of the crash.
The Hawker Hunter crash site appears to be on or adjacent to the A27. #Shoreham pic.twitter.com/nwRUBBKKg1 — Aidan Kerr (@Aidan_Kerr1) August 22, 2015
14:27
Police have launched a major incident and shut the A27 following reports the 1950s plane has crashed into at least four cars.
Photo: Eddie Mitchell
14.22
West Sussex Police have issued a statement:
"We are advising all drivers to avoid the A27 in the Shoreham area for rest of Saturday after a aircraft has crashed.
Photo: Eddie Mitchell
"At about 1.20pm the aircraft hit several cars on the A27 just to the north of Shoreham Airport, where an air display is taking place. The aircraft ended up in a bush. There have been several casulties but we have no further infromation on these at the moment.
"The A27 has been closed n both directions and drivers are asked to avoid the area until further notice."
14.16
Witnesses report a pilot has been pulled from the burning plane
Photo: Eddie Mitchell
13.40
Shoreham Air Show tweeted: "There has been a major incident outside the airfield boundary. The emergency services are responding. Updates will follow when available."
There has been a major incident outside the airfield boundary. The emergency services are responding. Updates will follow when available — Shoreham Airshow (@shorehamairshow) August 22, 2015
@setrafficnews A27 closed at Sussex Pad in both directions due to an Air Show Incident. Will be closed for some time. Avoid the area. — Ian Taylor (@Airshowsafety) August 22, 2015
13.20
One witness tweeted: "OMG. Just seen a plane crash @ Shoreham Air Show. Big explosion. Hope OK."
OMG. Just seen a plane crash @ Shoreham Air Show. Big explosion. Hope OK. Cam: http://t.co/nwUq07fyRE @airlivenet pic.twitter.com/vUIBGMkOtJ — Airport Webcams (@AirportWebcams) August 22, 2015
Onlooker Nicholas Hair tweeted: "The Hawker Hunter has crashed at #Shoreham. This is a truly awful scene."
The Hawker Hunter has crashed at #Shoreham. This is a truly awful scene. pic.twitter.com/MZ1i55qLNA — Nicholas Hair (@NDH37087) August 22, 2015
Liam Gobey said: "Hunter jet crashed at Shoreham Airshow!!"
Very sad news from #Shoreham Airshow. Thoughts are with every one involved pilots, crews, staff, spectators — GW (@Victor_Kilo) August 22, 2015
The Shoreham Air Show was due to have displays from more than 50 aircraft, with a special feature to mark the 75th anniversary Battle of Britain.
The Great War Display Team was expected to fly 10 aircraft in a display to renact the First World War dog fights.
It was expected to involve Curtiss fighters, the Hawk 75, P-40C, P-40F, P36 and the P-40M from the Hangar 11 Collection.
It comes after pilot Kevin Whyman, 39, died when a plane crashed during an aerial display at the CarFest festival founded by the new Top Gear host Chris Evans earlier this month.
• April 2015: Pilot dies in aerobatics display in Norfolk
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
On July 1, 2013, the University of Massachusetts went completely tobacco-free, officially banning traditional and e-cigarettes, hookahs and chew.
Tobacco-free policies are supported by the Center for Disease Control, the World Health Organization, the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American College Health Association. The University hopes that the initiative will improve health standards for students and employees alike.
The town of Amherst has already implemented a ban on the sale of cigarettes from “any stores with health care institutions inside them,” according to the Daily Hampshire Gazette. The regulations affect chains like CVS that offer in-house pharmacies.
UMass students and faculty worked together on a health council to debate and write the new campus-wide rules. One of the foremost supporters of a tobacco-free campus is associate professor of microbiology Wilmore Webley.
In August, Webley addressed the University's residential life faculty about the plan. He opened his presentation by drawing the link between tobacco and lung cancer, the No. 1 deadliest cancer in the United States, according to the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention.
“One in five deaths in the United States is related to tobacco,” Webley said, speaking to resident assistants and peer mentors. “If anything else was killing 20 percent of our population, we'd be outraged.”
Added Webley: “What use is it if you get a fantastic education from a top [Research I] university, but you can't do what you set out to do because of the effects of smoke or secondhand smoke?”
The tobacco-free policy comes in the wake of landmark reports from the Surgeon General in both 2006 and 2010 placing emphasis on the idea that “no risk-free level of exposure to secondhand smoke” had been found. Secondhand smoke, also called “passive smoke,” is the unfiltered, carcinogenic byproduct of burning tobacco.
“So how can you protect everyone who doesn't want to smoke?” Webley said. “This policy is an answer to that question.”
Webley assured students that the intention of the ban isn't to hurt tobacco users.
“While we do have a tobacco-free policy, we have to be sensitive,” Webley said. “We value those students and the diversity they bring to campus.”
Instead, Webley said that the policy is meant to protect students, faculty and workers from unwanted risk.
“If all that [tobacco] did was kill the people who used it, we couldn't ban it – people have control over their bodies,” Webley said. “But 50,000 people die every year in this country without ever putting a cigarette to their mouths.”
One of the biggest concerns students have raised about going tobacco-free is the lack of penalties for non-compliance. As of now, no fines or security teams have been put in place.
“A lot of people [on the council] focused on enforcement, enforcement, enforcement,” Webley recalled. “But I'm concerned with education.”
He believes that the policy now reflects that sentiment.
UMass is now one of more than 1,000 different schools across the country to adopt a tobacco-free campus. While a few schools have hired security officers to levy fines from offenders, Webley said that the majority of those campuses have been successful without taking that extra step.
He stated that “having a tobacco-free campus is a change in social norms,” and that the change would require “a community effort.”
As with any policy violation, there will be disciplinary action for repeatedly ignoring school rules. Nevertheless, Webley hopes the policy will “engender conversation, not confrontation.”
In a letter to The Massachusetts Daily Collegian in 2011, student Nathan Lamb stated that “students should fume over [the] smoking ban.” He went further to decry the ban on smokeless tobacco products like electronic cigarettes, which contain no tobacco at all.
In his presentation, Webley addressed these qualms. He said that electronic cigarettes, which contain equal if not increased amounts of nicotine over traditional cigarettes, carry with them the risk of congestive heart failure, seizures and loss of vision.
And though e-cigarettes are smokeless, John Kelly of the Washington Post recently warned that the secondhand vapor produced by the devices is understudied.
Citing research from the Fraunhofer Institute in Germany, Kelly said that both nicotine and propylene glycol had already been found in secondhand vapor. Propylene glycol is an organic compound that has been linked to allergic development in children.
Users of the banned products are now being asked to leave the UMass campus if they need to use tobacco but they are not being required to quit.
“The policy doesn't say you can't smoke – it just says you can't smoke here,” Webley said.
Nevertheless, there are facilities in place to help smokers with voluntary tobacco cessation. University Health Services is now equipped with nicotine replacements, including patches and gum, as well as free one-on-one counseling. The school is also offering vouchers to help alleviate the cost of nicotine replacement therapies for addicted students.
Despite the risks to non-smokers, some students have continued to protest a tobacco-free campus.
In response, Webley said, “You're always going to find a faction of people who oppose this. But does that mean the rest of us should continue dying?”
Soren Hough can be reached at [email protected]
Editor's note: In the original version of this story, The Collegian misreported that Wilmore Webley is an assistant professor of microbiology. Webley is an associate professor of microbiology. The Collegian regrets this error.
What can I tell you about my brother? Listen to the song, it sums him up perfectly as a child – and indeed as an adult.
When my brother phones and says, “You couldn't do me a massive favour could you?” your heart sinks because you know it's going to be something totally unreasonable. After a wail of “OH RICK-EEEE, NOOO!” you usually end up doing what he wants, cringing as you go.
His latest idea was a corker. “You couldn't do me a massive favour could you? Can you just …..” (Just!? Fecking JUST!?!)…………his idea was for me to just find a nice lady dog to mate his twelve year old, half chihuahua, half King Charles spaniel, completely blind, senile, arthritic dog with. “Well, he won't last for ever, I'd love a puppy from him.”
“No. It's not happening, he's not exactly a catch is he? I'm not even sure he could manage it, he's about 65 years old in dog years. Who's going to want to breed their pedigree dog with him? No, Rick, no.” *puts the phone down really quickly so he can't talk me round.*
As a child he was a walking accident. His glasses were always fixed with sellotape. His shoes regularly ended up in the canal after he'd kick a ball of a stone or even just set off at a run. Talking of running, he's the only child I ever saw kick his own backside as he ran.
How? I have no idea. Spindly legs and knock knees, I suppose.
I could list his exploits for many a post and not run out of tales to tell.
After one of his many accidents he used to stand in front of our mum with a look on his face that would translate as ‘please don't kill me.' Of course, we were brought up in the days when it was perfectly acceptable, indeed encouraged, to give your children a good walloping and Ricky had his fair share of them. Mum would flail at him with both hands while he just curled his spindly body into a ball, elbows and knees sticking out everywhere. In the end mum would give up as he was hurting herself more than she was hurting him so she'd just shout as she walked away fuming, “Oh, RICKY, You'd make a fecking saint swear. ”
She wasn't wrong.
As we grew up Ricky became my best friend. We'd go out together at the weekends, get drunk and then go back to my house with our respective partners and friends, listen to Pink Floyd and contemplate the meaning of life. Other times we rocked out to Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow, Deep Purple, ZZ Top or any of the other bands that took us through our teens, twenties and thirties. We laughed, conversed, played poker and just generally all enjoyed being in each other's company. Good times.
It was Rick, who when he met Boofuls for the first time, recognised that there was something special going on. I think you've met your match there, he said. A prophecy that was proved to be correct. It was almost exactly year later when he walked me down the aisle and gave me way at our wedding.
Latterly, Rick has settled into a more sedate lifestyle. Not totally of his own choice. A bad accident a few years ago left him less mobile than previously and years of smoking took their toll. Really, people with asthma and emphysema shouldn't be smoking but suggestions that he stop smoking fell on deaf ears as you'd expect.
Last week, Rick was suffering from a particularly bad chest infection. “Rick, get to the doctor's, this is ridiculous. ” He must have felt gruesome because he did exactly that.
While he was there he collapsed and suffered heart failure. I suppose if you are going to collapse then the best possible place to do it is in a building full of doctors. He's always been jammy like that, our Rick.
He was given CPR and then taken to our local hospital critical care unit where he was put onto a ventilator, dialysis and all manner of other things I don't even have names for. Tubes, drains, sensors, clips, bottles seemed to be coming in and out of him from every angle.
It turned out that Ricky had developed pneumonia which was just too much for his already overworked organs to deal with. He suffered multiple organ failure and sepsis.
For the last few days the family and a couple of close friends of his have been with him almost constantly, taking it in turns to sit with him, chat to him, stroke his hair and listen to the constant beep beep beep of his life support machines.
Yesterday morning I got the call we'd all been dreading. “Get the family together and get up to the hospital as soon as possible.” At the hospital we were informed gently and sensitively by the doctors that Ricky wasn't responding to any treatment, in fact his condition continued to deteriorate despite massive medical intervention.
The decision was made to turn off his life support.
We all said our goodbyes individually and then we surrounded his bed, stroking his head and holding his hands as his life support machines were turned off.
It took him less than five minutes to die. He slipped away listening to his favourite song ever, ‘Never Before' by Deep Purple.
We don't know if he was aware of what was happening at all, if he knew he was dying. We don't know if he heard the nurse telling us how it would happen. We don't know if he heard or understood that we were going to turn off his machines and kill him by doing so.
We don't know if he heard us tell him that we love him.
I do know that when I noticed a tear in the corner of his eye as his life left his body I fell apart.
That tear will haunt me until the day I die.
My funny, clumsy, clever, cheeky, irreverent, unreasonable, amazing brother, it has been an honour to be your sister.
I love you.
Advertisements
The Supreme Court opened its historic review of the national health-care overhaul Monday with an indication that it will be able to decide the constitutional question of whether Congress exceeded its powers despite arguments that the challenge was brought too soon.
The court began the first of three days of oral arguments on the 2010 law by examining a statute that keeps courts from hearing tax challenges before they go into effect. But the justices' questions indicated skepticism that the penalties prescribed for those who do not buy health insurance by 2014 amount to taxes under the 1867 law forbidding tax challenges.
The court on Tuesday will hear arguments about the so-called “individual mandate” that is at the heart of the health-care law.
The court had asked Washington lawyer Robert A. Long to present the argument that the obscure 19th-century law — the Anti-Injunction Act — meant that lawsuits brought by 26 states and a private business organization were premature. Long said the court's precedents showed that the statute should keep any court from hearing the case until someone actually had to pay a penalty on his or her 2015 income tax returns for not purchasing health insurance.
Long said the “pay first, litigate later rule” could not be waived except by Congress, and it made no such provision in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. He said the penalties called for in the act should be considered the same as taxes because of the way they are collected.
A panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit agreed that the Anti-Injunction Act barred a consideration of the merits of the health-care overhaul. But Long was appointed to present that legal argument because neither the Obama administration nor the law's challengers agree with it.
Several of the justices pushed back against Long's argument.
Just because the penalty is “being collected in the same manner of a tax doesn't automatically mean it's a tax,” said Justice Stephen G. Breyer, “particularly since the purpose of the Anti-Injunction Act is to prevent interference with the revenue stream.” This legal challenge does not interfere with revenue collection, Breyer added.
Justice Antonin Scalia appeared to agree. As a matter of principle, he said, the courts should not be deprived of jurisdiction in cases unless the reasoning is very clear. “I find it hard to think this is clear, whatever else it is,” Scalia said.
Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr., representing the government, said the justices should proceed to deciding the merits of the case.
“This case presents issues of great moment, and the Anti-Injunction Act does not bar the court's consideration of those issues,” Verrilli said.
Verrilli had to be careful, though. While he insisted that the penalty is not a tax for Anti-Injunction Act purposes, he is expected to argue as the case proceeds that Congress is within its authority to pass the health-care law in part because of its ability to tax.
“Today you are arguing that the penalty is not a tax,” said Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. “Tomorrow you will be back and arguing that the penalty is a tax.”
Verrilli said what Congress called the penalty was important for purposes of the Anti-Injunction Act, but not to the greater question of its taxing authority.
The act adopted in 1867 states that “no suit for the purpose of restraining the assessment or collection of any tax shall be maintained in any court by any person.” It was designed to make sure that the flow of tax collection necessary to keep the government running was not disrupted by lawsuits.
As the review began, hundreds of supporters and opponents of the health-care law marched outside the Supreme Court. The demonstrations highlighted the contentiousness of President Obama's signature domestic initiative, which was signed into law two years ago and continues to galvanize his opponents.
Former senator Rick Santorum (Pa.), a contender for the Republican presidential nomination, made an appearance Monday on the steps of the Supreme Court to campaign against the law — and blast GOP front-runner Mitt Romney. Santorum vowed that, if elected, he would repeal “Obamacare,” which he described as the central issue of his campaign.
“If you really want Obamacare repealed, there's only one person who can make that happen,” Santorum told reporters. “Obviously, I don't believe that Obamacare is constitutional,” he added in response to a question.
In the early stages of litigation over the health-care law, the Obama administration agreed that the Anti-Injunction Act barred an immediate constitutional decision. But it dropped that argument and told the Supreme Court that the “penalty” for failure to secure health insurance is not a “tax” for Anti-Injunction Act purposes.
The 26 states challenging the Affordable Care Act (ACA), as well as the private organization and individuals who are party to the challenge, also want the court to act now.
“The purpose of this lawsuit is to challenge a requirement — a federal requirement to buy health insurance,” Washington lawyer Gregory G. Katsas told the court. “That requirement itself is not a tax. And for that reason alone, we think the Anti-Injunction Act doesn't apply.”
Besides the 4th Circuit panel, the view that the Anti-Injunction Act forecloses a ruling at this time was endorsed by Circuit Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh, an influential conservative member of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.
“Waiting to decide might mean never having to decide,” keeping the courts out of the political fray, Kava­naugh wrote. If there is no change in the law between now and 2015, he said, the constitutional decision could be made then.
Denis Suarez will be presented as Barcelona's first signing of the 2016/17 season on Wednesday.
Gerard Romero
After Barça exercised the clause to re-sign him from Villarreal for 3.5 million euros, the player will return to the club that he left in 2014/15, at first on loan at Sevilla, before later signing for Villarreal.
Suarez, 22, impressed with Villarreal last season and convinced Barça he has a place at Camp Nou. It's planned that he will sign a four-year deal and will have a 50 million euro release clauses.
On Wednesday he will have a medical and sign his contract, becoming the first official signing of the summer. He will then be presented to the media.
Barça and Villarreal agreed the deal months ago and closed the final details of the transfer. However, the official announcement has been delayed after talks between the Catalan club and the midfielder's agents stalled.
Both sides have finally reached an agreement, though, after Suarez rejected three major offers from teams in England and Italy.
Barron Lazano looks over the damaged to her home and property in the aftermath of Harvey Wednesday, Aug. 30, 2017, in Houston. Harvey did not discriminate in its destruction. It raged through neighborhoods rich and poor, black and white, upscale and working class. Across Houston and surrounding communities, no group sidestepped its paralyzing deluges and apocalyptic floods.(AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
HOUSTON (AP) — Harvey did not discriminate in its destruction.
It raged through neighborhoods rich and poor, black and white, upscale and working class. Across Houston and surrounding communities, no group sidestepped its paralyzing deluges and apocalyptic floods.
“Harvey didn't spare anyone: The whole city is traumatized,” said Lynnette Borrel, whose backyard pool filled with murky water and schools of minnows from Brays Bayou on the city's southwest side not far from downtown.
Far to the northeast edge of the sprawling city, a flotilla of boats rescued affluent residents of the pine forest villages of charming Kingwood — psychologists, doctors, business owners. And on the far west side, the release of storm water from the Addicks and Barker reservoirs pushed a devastating tide into some of Houston's more wealthy neighborhoods. Clear across town to the southeast, low-slung brick and clapboard homes in the heavily African-American and Hispanic Lockwood area were swamped. Missouri City, home to Houston's largest Asian population, endured more than 40 inches of rain.
Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner, fearing that a full-fledged evacuation of the nation's fourth-largest city in the face of the oncoming storm would be dangerous, advised residents to remain in place. So when Harvey submerged roughly 70 percent of the land mass in Harris County, all demographics were inundated.
The poor tend to suffer most in disasters. After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the world was left with nightmarish images of residents of New Orleans' impoverished Lower Ninth Ward, screaming for help from their rooftops. That storm, which claimed 1,800 lives, stands as a prime example of urban inequality and environmental injustice.
And there is every expectation that Houston's poor and working class, lacking the resources of the affluent, will struggle most to rebuild.
But in this moment, as the waters begin to recede, Houston residents of all colors and socio-economic statuses find themselves united in their loss, their despair — and their resilience.
Lois Rose, a 55-year-old school teacher in northwest Houston, knew she had to leave her home in the east when the rising floodwater in her living room began lapping at her calves. Outside, it nearly reached her neck. She and her panicked neighbors formed a human chain, battling against the push of brown water and powerful currents to make their way to a gas station on higher ground. Frightened and shivering, they waited in the dark and in 3 feet of water for seven hours before they were rescued.
Rose's home of 25 years, in a predominantly African American and Hispanic area, had been flooded by a storm twice before. But when she was taken to the city's primary disaster shelter, all she had to do was look around to realize that Harvey was something else entirely.
“Every nationality you could see was in the George R. Brown Convention Center,” she said. “Harvey hit everywhere. It's not just one section of Houston where people were displaced. It's everywhere, from southwest to northwest, southeast to northeast. It hit the lowest-income areas to the richest. It just didn't stop. This was just different. It's going to take years to recover from this.”
Rose returned home on Thursday. Her parlor, where she puzzled out problems she had with her students, was ravaged; her beloved antique lamps with fringed shades and ceramic statues of women in flowing robes were ruined, as were her chairs, couches, clothes, a brand new big-screen television.
Her eyes were glassy when she spotted the topper to her wedding cake in the corner, soaked through.
“Part of me wants to cry,” she said. “The other part of me knows I need to pull myself up.”
Down the block, welder Ivy Anderson also came home to find his house and belongings destroyed. As the storm raged, he'd carried his mother on his back through the treacherous flood, and watched his home fill up with water he knew would cause horrible damage. The house had flooded during Tropical Storm Allison in 2001, but he had flood insurance back then. Not this time.
“I'm counting on FEMA,” he said. “If FEMA can't help, I don't know if I'll be able to rebuild. It hurts. This has been my home for 18 years. It hurts.”
Twenty-two miles away, in the Meyerland neighborhood of quiet, leafy streets, Barron Lozano picked through her own wreckage. Flood insurance is required to get a mortgage in Meyerland, she said, and it's been an invaluable safety net.
Lozano and her husband, an architect, left before the storm hit — she didn't want to take the chance of getting stuck. Last year, her home flooded on Tax Day — 10 inches. The year before, it flooded on Memorial Day — 20 inches. They'd been back in the house after their most recent remodel for just six weeks before Harvey.
“We thought if we got 3 feet, we'd be OK,” she said. They weren't OK. They got more than 4.
Outside her home, its insides were piled high: new chairs, a new couch, a top-of-the-line refrigerator, just purchased.
“We just don't know what we're going to do,” she said, pausing to take stock. “The scale of this is absolutely unbelievable: It's hard for us, but it's harder to look around and see that everybody else has flooded, too. Insurance is huge — we wouldn't be able to rebuild it if we didn't —but we don't know if we want to go through this again.”
In Edgebrook, near South Houston, Spanish tunes leaked out of a sound system on Lakewood Drive, as families slowly made their way home. The sun baked the sidewalk; bit by bit, it evaporated water still pooling in the gutter.
Patricia Hahn, an administrator for a dialysis company, sat in the back of a pickup truck in her driveway. Beside her were plastic bins and boxes, filled with whatever she could salvage from inside — books and DVDs, photographs, odds and ends in plastic bags.
The pile was modest, compared to her refuse. Her wardrobe. A pair of brand new La-Z-Boy recliners she'd ordered back in 2016, delivered just two months before the storm; she'd even kept them wrapped in plastic. A green couch that had belonged to her husband, Curtiss. He died three years ago on Nov. 7, the couple's shared birthday. She hung her head and quietly cried.
A native of Houston, Hahn said she's only ever received a few inches of water in the garage, even in the fiercest storms: “Never in my life, never ever in my life, has this house had this much water.”
Hahn rode out the storm on the second floor, while water rushed into the first. As neighbor after neighbor waded through chest-deep water, Hahn kept a watchful eye over her neighborhood. But when the floodwaters receded, she realized that she had almost nothing left. Even the boxes of her late husband's belongings that she'd tucked away as mementoes were destroyed.
“This has been a hard reset for me,” she said through tears. “It's always been hard for me to go through his stuff. Now it's gone.”
“I, more or less, have lost everything,” she said. “But I have to face up to my challenges.”
She doesn't have flood insurance, but is determined to recover. Houston will too, she said.
“This storm affected the poor, the rich, and those in the middle,” she said, “but our Texans, our community, we're going to do whatever it takes.”
___
This story has updated to correct the spelling of La-Z-Boy, which had been misspelled Laz-E Boy, and the spelling of Barron Lozano's last name, which had been misspelled Lazano. It also corrects the date of the death of Patricia Hahn's husband to Nov. 7, not Nov. 8.
___
AP data journalist Angeliki Kastanis contributed to this report.
The number of times I speak to $50M+ ARR companies who are just now starting to look at churn is startling. Here's why.
Imagine you're a new SaaS company that just reached your first 100 customers. You notice that in the past month, 3% of your customers have churned. You're not too phased—getting those 3 customers back might be as easy as getting on the phone or sending them a personalized email.
3:00 3:00 Speed 1x 0.5x 1x 1.25x 1.5x 1.75x 2x
Quality 720p Auto 224p 360p 540p 720p 1080p
Hi! We're Wistia. We provide business video hosting to attract, engage, and delight Learn More About WistiaReport a problemCopy link and thumbnail Thanks for reporting a problem. We'll attach technical data about this session to help us figure out the issue. Which of these best describes the problem? Choose one Video plays but frequently stutters Video has poor quality Video fails to play Other Any other details or context? Cancel Send message
This monthly customer churn rate doesn't seem so bad when you have 100 customers. But when you have 100,000 customers, your unaddressed 3% churn is a bad look. It's not as easy to win back 3,000 customers a month with nice emails.
As your customer base grows, churn becomes a bigger and bigger problem and not just because you're losing customer - it's because your CAC costs just to grow 1% is out of control, especially if the market is closing around you. Let's dig into this concept and get you on the right track.
Churn comes back to bite you
Preventing churn from destroying your company years down the line comes down to establishing good foundational business practices early on. This means measuring churn, understanding where it's coming from, and taking steps to retain those customers.
Churn compounds with growth because it is a percentage of your total customer base. This can hurt you in many ways:
The more customers churn, the more revenue you have to pour back into your company just to keep the bottom line flat.
If you've set goals to grow month-over-month or year-over-year, those goals are going to be harder to reach and will take longer.
You'll have to spend money to acquire customers and replace the ones you've lost that could have been spent on other things like product improvements or hiring.
To add insult to injury, churn reflects poorly on the health of your company. High churn will hurt you whether you're bootstrapped or venture-backed—but if you're trying to raise money, poor retention metrics are a hard sell to an investor. According to SaaS investor David Skok, growth and retention are two major factors that VCs use to determine valuations for your company. Churn sabotages both of these.
But what is the threshold for really dangerous churn? In the early days of your company, it's hard to tell. Let's model out the growth of three different companies with different user churn rates over time to demonstrate the disastrous effects of short-term thinking. Then we'll look at how you can adjust your strategy to plan for long-term success.
Churn looks different 5 years down the line
Your current churn rate won't have the same effects on your company in a few years as it does today. One of the most significant changes is financial: customer churn makes it more expensive to grow as your company gets bigger.
For example: Imagine three different SaaS companies who are all going to try to scale up in the next five years. Each company makes $500,000 in annual recurring revenue. They each have 1,000 customers that pay $500/year each, and each customer costs $625 to acquire. Each company's sales efficiency is about 0.8, meaning that 80% of the CAC is repaid within a year.
Each company plans to grow from 1,000 customers to 10,000 customers over five years. These numbers below show hypothetical growth, as each company aims to increase the size of their customer base year after year.
Company A has 1% monthly churn, Company B has 3% monthly churn, and Company C has 5% monthly churn. Even though these three companies have identical metrics except for churn, this growth is going to come at very different costs.
Company A: 1% monthly churn
Company A loses 1% of their customers each month and 12% of their customers each year. As the company grows, 12% of their customer base becomes a bigger and bigger number of customers.
Company A aim to grow from 1,000 to 10,000 customers over 5 years, despite the fact that they lose customers to churn every year.
By Year 5, losing 1% of customers a month means Company A is losing 1,200 customers in that year. In order to grow, Company A has to replace all of those lost customers and then acquire more on top. This comes at a steep cost, because each customer costs $656 to acquire.
In Year 5, Company A will have to feed 15% of the revenue they make that year into replacing churned customers.
In total, Company A will have to spend $1.8M to replace customers that churn over the course of 5 years.
This isn't to acquire customers that help them grow from 1,000 to 10,000 customers—this is just to replace the ones that are leaving each year due to 1% monthly churn.
Company B: 3% monthly churn
The churn rate for Company B is slightly higher than that for Company A. With 3% monthly churn, Company B loses 36% of their customers each year.
Company B wants to grow by the same numbers each year as Company A. In five years, they aim to grow from 1,000 to 10,000 customers.
By Year 5, when Company B is losing 3,600 customers, they'll have a huge churn problem on their hands.
The only way Company B can grow their customer base is by first replacing those churned customers.
Replacing 3,600 customers in Year 5 means spending $2.25M in CAC, which is almost half of what the company makes that year in revenue.
Over 5 years, Company B will have to spend $5.4M to replace churned customers and stay at flatline, before they spend a penny on acquiring new customers that will grow their user base.
Losing 360 customers in Year 1 probably hurt Company B, but they could afford to fix it. But it's unreasonable to think that spending half of your yearly revenue to refill your customer base and get back to flatline is sustainable for long-term growth.
Company C: 5% monthly churn
From Day 1, Company C's 5% monthly churn rate is alarming. In the first year, they'll lose 60% of their initial cohort.
Over 5 years, growth from 1,000 to 10,000 customers seems improbable. More than half of the customers from the cohort at the beginning of the year churn after 12 months.
In Year 5, Company starts with 10,000 customers and loses 6,000 of then in one year. This makes growth next to impossible.
From a market standpoint, Company C will run through much of the market trying to acquire customers to replace those who've churned. The more customers churn, the smaller their potential market gets and the harder it is to replace churned customers. From a financial standpoint, acquiring customers to refill the customer base is not a viable option.
It would cost Company C $3.75M to replace the customers that churned in Year 5 alone, in order to reach a baseline from which they could grow the next year. This is three-quarters of the revenue they'll make that year.
In total, Company C would spend $9M over five years just to refill their leaky customer bucket to baseline.
Customer churn is one of your most expensive oversights. It only gets worse with every day, month, and year that you don't address it. Even if churn isn't a huge problem today, creating a long-term retention strategy will be worth its weight in gold in one, five, or even ten years.
Shift your thinking from short-term to long-term
You can make important changes to your growth strategy by simply changing your mindset. Short-term growth goals tend to involve “growth-hacks” that prioritize aggressive acquisition above all. They aren't sustainable over time, and eventually your acquisition channels will dry up and those customers that aren't great fits will churn.
Long-term growth goals involve acquiring customers who have genuine interest in and need for your product. Then you need to figure out what they're willing to pay and create a value-metric. This ensures that customers are satisfied with the value they're paying for, and that you can grow without leaving any money on the table.
SaaS teams looking for actionable ways to stop churn and plan for long-term success need to consider:
What factors about your customers correlate with churn? Small companies tend to be bigger churn risks than larger companies because they may run out of resources more quickly or go out of business. But other factors may correlate with churn as well. For example, if customers from a certain industry tend to churn more than others, don't focus so heavily on acquiring those customers.
What features do customers with high lifetime value engage with the most? What keeps your ideal customers coming back? When during their onboarding do they first engage with this feature? If you find, for example, that customers who connect with friends through social media on your app tend to retain longer, show users where to find the social share features in their first session.
Why did customers churn? If your company is small and just starting to see customer churn, you have a great opportunity to reach out to those churned customers and personally ask them why they left. You may find ways that you can improve the product, the customer experience, or the pricing that you wouldn't have thought about otherwise.
Can you create fewer opportunities to churn? Customers with higher ARPU are less likely to churn—so by growing customers' accounts through up-selling and cross-selling, you're both increasing revenue and aiding long-term churn reduction. As the ARPU of your customers grows, you may also find opportunities to switch customers from monthly plans to annual plans. A higher percentage of annual plans is also correlated with lower gross churn rate.
Pull together the information you learn from talking to your customers and looking for patterns in your data. Use this to inform your customer acquisition tactics: focus your efforts on customers that really find value in your product and are willing to pay, because they will have long lifetimes at your company.
Use your findings to shape your retention strategies, too: understand what customers really want and make sure they're getting this value from day one, and look for ways to up-sell them and deliver more and more value over time.
Fixing your churn problem puts money back in your bank account
In 5 years, you don't have to be worrying about where you'll get several million dollars to replace your churned customers. You can pre-empt and prevent that problem by making customer retention a top priority.
The money that you'll save in CAC can be put towards growing your business in other ways like building out a sales team, hiring customer success team members, doing product development—the list is endless. The one place you shouldn't spend your hard-earned dollars is in fixing churn that you can prevent.
Every year 40,000 women die from breast cancer in the U.S. alone. When cancers are found early, they can often be cured. Mammograms are the best test available, but they're still imperfect and often result in false positive results that can lead to unnecessary biopsies and surgeries.
One common cause of false positives are so-called “high-risk” lesions that appear suspicious on mammograms and have abnormal cells when tested by needle biopsy. In this case, the patient typically undergoes surgery to have the lesion removed; however, the lesions turn out to be benign at surgery 90 percent of the time. This means that every year thousands of women go through painful, expensive, scar-inducing surgeries that weren't even necessary.
How, then, can unnecessary surgeries be eliminated while still maintaining the important role of mammography in cancer detection? Researchers at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL), Massachusetts General Hospital, and Harvard Medical School believe that the answer is to turn to artificial intelligence (AI).
As a first project to apply AI to improving detection and diagnosis, the teams collaborated to develop an AI system that uses machine learning to predict if a high-risk lesion identified on needle biopsy after a mammogram will upgrade to cancer at surgery.
When tested on 335 high-risk lesions, the model correctly diagnosed 97 percent of the breast cancers as malignant and reduced the number of benign surgeries by more than 30 percent compared to existing approaches.
“Because diagnostic tools are so inexact, there is an understandable tendency for doctors to over-screen for breast cancer,” says Regina Barzilay, MIT's Delta Electronics Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and a breast cancer survivor herself. “When there's this much uncertainty in data, machine learning is exactly the tool that we need to improve detection and prevent over-treatment.”
Trained on information about more than 600 existing high-risk lesions, the model looks for patterns among many different data elements that include demographics, family history, past biopsies, and pathology reports.
“To our knowledge, this is the first study to apply machine learning to the task of distinguishing high-risk lesions that need surgery from those that don't,” says collaborator Constance Lehman, professor at Harvard Medical School and chief of the Breast Imaging Division at MGH's Department of Radiology. “We believe this could support women to make more informed decisions about their treatment, and that we could provide more targeted approaches to health care in general.”
A recent MacArthur “genius grant” recipient, Barzilay is a co-author of a new journal article describing the results, co-written with Lehman and Manisha Bahl of MGH, as well as CSAIL graduate students Nicholas Locascio, Adam Yedidia, and Lili Yu. The article was published today in the medical journal Radiology.
How it works
When a mammogram detects a suspicious lesion, a needle biopsy is performed to determine if it is cancer. Roughly 70 percent of the lesions are benign, 20 percent are malignant, and 10 percent are high-risk lesions.
Doctors manage high-risk lesions in different ways. Some do surgery in all cases, while others perform surgery only for lesions that have higher cancer rates, such as “atypical ductal hyperplasia” (ADH) or a “lobular carcinoma in situ” (LCIS).
The first approach requires that the patient undergo a painful, time-consuming, and expensive surgery that is usually unnecessary; the second approach is imprecise and could result in missing cancers in high-risk lesions other than ADH and LCIS.
“The vast majority of patients with high-risk lesions do not have cancer, and we're trying to find the few that do,” says Bahl, a fellow doctor at MGH's Department of Radiology. “In a scenario like this there's always a risk that when you try to increase the number of cancers you can identify, you'll also increase the number of false positives you find.”
Using a method known as a “random-forest classifier,” the team's model resulted in fewer unnecessary surgeries compared to the strategy of always doing surgery, while also being able to diagnose more cancerous lesions than the strategy of only doing surgery on traditional “high-risk lesions.” (Specifically, the new model diagnosed 97 percent of cancers compared to 79 percent.)
“This work highlights an example of using cutting-edge machine learning technology to avoid unnecessary surgery,” says Marc Kohli, director of clinical informatics in the Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging at the University of California at San Francisco. “This is the first step toward the medical community embracing machine learning as a way to identify patterns and trends that are otherwise invisible to humans.”
Lehman says that MGH radiologists will begin incorporating the model into their clinical practice over the next year.
“In the past we might have recommended that all high-risk lesions be surgically excised,” Lehman says. “But now, if the model determines that the lesion has a very low chance of being cancerous in a specific patient, we can have a more informed discussion with our patient about her options. It may be reasonable for some patients to have their lesions followed with imaging rather than surgically excised.”
The team says that they are still working to further hone the model.
“In future work we hope to incorporate the actual images from the mammograms and images of the pathology slides, as well as more extensive patient information from medical records,” says Bahl.
Moving forward, the model could also easily be tweaked to be applied to other kinds of cancer and even other diseases entirely.
“A model like this will work anytime you have lots of different factors that correlate with a specific outcome,” says Barzilay. “It hopefully will enable us to start to go beyond a one-size-fits-all approach to medical diagnosis.”
Fun fact: while many of the baseball writers you know wring their hands over PED guys in baseball, actual baseball people are pretty realistic about it and, it seems anyway, don't really care all that much.
Take Rick Hahn, White Sox GM, and his comments about Melky Cabrera and his PED past:
“No one condones what he did, but we are talking about a mistake that he made and took ownership for and showed honest remorse about from three seasons ago,” Hahn said. “He's already gone through the understandable and deserved public scrutiny, and has not hidden from his past actions. “Frankly, I respect the fact that he accepted and served his penalty and lived with the consequences and has done his best to put it behind him. Obviously, (the MLB drug) policy allows for not only the suspension and the punishment, but also the redemption. Melky has performed at the highest level on the other side of this issue, and we're optimistic he'll continue to perform at that level going forward.”
I'm sure someone, however, will tell us that we have no idea what to expect from Cabrera going forward given his sordid past.
In other news, go read the story at that link, which talks about how the White Sox changed their offseason plans and decided to chuck their previously agreed-on budget precisely because fans got excited when they started signing guys last week. Interesting stuff.
Woman 'ran over husband in Jeep' because he didn't vote (against Obama)
Arrested: Holly Solomon, 28, who is six months pregnant, was charged with aggravated assault
A pregnant woman ran over her husband with her Jeep because he didn't vote in the election last week, police say.
Holly Solomon, 28, believes her family, and her unborn child, have a difficult life ahead of them over the four years because of the re-election of President Barack Obama.
She blamed his victory on her husband Daniel, who didn't cast a ballot, and was furious about the outcome of the election, investigators say.
Her husband, who is in critical condition after being run over on Saturday, said his wife 'just hated Obama.'
Witnesses told police that Solomon chased her husband around a parking lot near their home in Gilbert, Arizona, according to ABC 15 in Phoenix.
'He got out of the car and she was screaming at him. And he started walking away and she started driving in circles around him and she wouldn't let him go so finally he took off to try to get away and she ran into him,' a caller told 911 operators.
Mr Solomon reportedly tried to hide behind a light post as his wife circled him in her SUV and shouted at him for not doing enough to ensure Republican Mitt Romney won the election.
Even if Mr Solomon had voted, the outcome of the election would not have changed.
Romney won Arizona and its electoral college votes by nearly ten percentage points, but he still lost the election by nearly 3.4million votes.
Politico hatred: Solomon 'just hates Obama,' her husband says. She claims she was scared for her future after the president was reelected
Holly Solomon was reportedly furious about the election results and convinced that 'Obamacare' - the president's controversial healthcare law - and other policies of the Obama administration would lead to hardship for the family.
Neighbors say the quiet neighborhood where the couple lives was highly polarized during the election -- but even here it was shocking to see violence erupt from it.
Holly Solomon was arrested on domestic violence charges of aggravated assault.
New Delhi: Finance minister Arun Jaitley may address the transient pain of demonetisation by cutting corporate tax rates when he presents the budget for 2017-18 in just over two weeks time.
Jaitley in his second budget speech in February 2015 had announced phasing out of tax incentives with effect from 1 April, 2017 and reducing the corporate tax rate from 30% to 2%5.
In a survey by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India LLP, commissioned on budget expectations of India Inc, 53% of the respondents expect the corporate tax rate to be reduced this time.
“Given the strict measures taken by the government in curbing black money, it may be the appropriate time to reduce the tax rate," Deloitte noted.
Corporate tax accounted for a little less than a fifth (19%) of the government's receipts last fiscal whereas income tax receipts accounted for just 14% of total receipts.
“Since the demonetisation announcement, one of the major concerns has been around the deceleration of the growth momentum in the economy emanating from a decline in demand. This concern resonates in survey as well because 80% of respondents think the government would unveil measures to counteract the negative impact on demand," it said.
Deloitte further said, 40% of the respondents agree that complete phase-out of tax incentives is a good measure and will reduce litigation. An equal number of participants believe profit-linked tax incentives should continue for growth sectors like infrastructure.
Interestingly, 15% of the respondents agree that instead of phasing out incentives for infrastructure sector, it should continue in the form of investment-linked tax incentive.
“Considering that some tax incentives will continue, one of the most eligible sectors is the infrastructure sector since the higher tax cost will impact the common man," it said. A majority of respondents (66%) think that the gains from demonetisation are likely to be focused on development expenditure so as to boost investment demand in my economy.
As much as 26% of them are of view that the gains will be spread evenly across major expenditure areas as the government possibly tries to limit the fallout on various sectors, Deloitte said, adding a 6% think that the government can go in for increasing subsidy expenditure.
“Therefore, the industry clearly continues to hope for policy measures that strengthen the pace of structural reforms," it said.
On the impact of demonetisation on real estate industry, the survey said, there may be a phase of depressed demand, but the low-cost and affordable segment will be the driver of growth. “When additional funds come back in the system, mortgage rates will reduce and with the benefits offered by the government, low-cost and affordable housing will be back in demand," it said.
Deloitte said tax regime is one of the significant considerations for multinational companies to set up their business in a particular tax jurisdiction. About 43% respondents reinforce this sentiment, giving more than 20% weightage to the attractiveness of tax jurisdictions for carrying business. Very few respondents (4%) gave less than 10% weightage.
Among measures to achieve ease of doing business, the survey respondents placed higher weightage on tax rate reduction (35%), followed by dispute prevention measures (23%) and effective dispute resolution mechanism (16%).
Co-operative tax assessment mechanism and improvement in taxpayer service were the other two important measures pointed out by the respondents. “Surprisingly, easier application of foreign tax credit rules and burden of dividend distribution tax (DDT) did not appear to weigh higher on the mind of the respondents," it said.
On expectations of recovery in global economy, Deloitte said of late, some positive news has come from developed economies which seems to have generated somewhat of an optimistic outlook in the markets. About 66% of the participants feel the global economy is likely to witness a recovery in growth rates in FY 2016-17 while 21% think that it is unlikely to be the case. “It is important to note that there are still numerous macro risks like rising trade tensions, oil prices as well as an increasing environment of uncertainty in the global markets, that pose challenge to any meaningful recovery," it said.
About 46% of the respondents said the impact of tax administration improvement measures like no routine filing of appeal cases by the revenue, risk-based audit selection and electronic refund transfers were significant. On General Anti Avoidance Rules (GAAR), which was introduced for the first time through Finance Act 2013 but its implementation deferred to 1 Arpil, 2017, only a 37% said their organisations were ready for its implementation while the other were either not prepared at all or unsure about their preparedness.
“In view of an array of reforms such as demonetisation, goods and services tax, country by country reporting regarding transfer pricing information, etc, the government may consider providing more time to the industry to deal with GAAR," Deloitte said.
Nanny-state politicians and bureaucrats are constantly telling Americans not to text while driving. Some state legislatures have gone so far as to enact laws cracking down on texting behind the wheel, even though there are already distracted driving laws on the books. The issue has become a crusade, if not an obsession, to Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood.
Several groups supporting such bans have launched ad campaigns, usually citing tragic accidents involving a child or teenager as an example of the dire need for new and stronger anti-texting laws. Many politicians, not wanting to appear to be against public sentiment, react by enacting more unnecessary laws.
But do laws that ban texting while driving really prevent accidents? According to recent studies in the U.S. and other countries, the answer is no.
A credible report recently published by the Swedish National Road and Transport Institute (VTI) found such laws are not effective, largely because drivers simply ignore them. Katja Kircher, a VTI spokesperson, notes they have “seen no effect on crash risks” from texting while driving.
According to The Local, a Swedish news site, VTI released the report after the Swedish parliament began considering a ban on texting and talking on a cell phone while driving without a hands-free device. If the parliamentarians of a socialist nanny state such as Sweden are having second thoughts about enacting a law banning any type of behavior — something such countries normally do without a second thought — that should raise a red flag.
In fact, studies of American drivers have shown that bans on texting while driving, which typically target teen drivers, have had little effect on drivers' conduct. USA Today reported earlier this month on a new survey by Harris Interactive showing that “just 43% of drivers ages 16 and 17 say they have never texted while driving — the same percentage as in the insurer's first survey in 2010.” Meanwhile, a 2010 study by the Highway Data Loss Institute found that anti-texting laws do little to reduce car crashes.
Of course, these facts have not stopped politicians from posturing over the issue, and nanny state advocates continue to lobby for more and stricter laws.
No one denies that distracted driving is a danger to the driver, his passengers and people in nearby vehicles, whether a driver is eating behind the wheel, dealing with their kids in traffic or texting. The real question is: Do Americans need more laws on the books or should we just enforce the ones already in place?
Unfortunately, politicians looking to score points with voters back home, and bureaucrats with nothing better to do than look for ever more ways to control the citizenry, will no doubt continue to push these and other nanny-statist laws down our throats. As a modern-day Admiral David Farragut might say: “Damn the facts, full speed ahead!”
Bob Barr represented Georgia's Seventh District in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1995 to 2003. He provides regular commentary to Daily Caller readers.
A veterans' facility in rural Oklahoma is facing criticism for its treatment of a 73-year-old patient with maggots found inside a wound in his leg.
The Oklahoma Department of Veterans Affairs facility in Talihina attributed Owen Reese Peterson's death on 3 October 2016 to sepsis stemming from an infection, and not the maggots. But his son, Raymie Parker, accused officials of refusing to provide enough care for him:
He did not want his legs cut off due to his religious beliefs. He wanted to die as a whole man. I explained this to the administration and to the medical doctors and was ignored. My problem with the whole thing was had they increased his meds to the level he could have his bandages changed, the maggots, the bugs, wouldn't have been an issue, but I was continually shot down by the medical staff — not the floor staff, the senior medical staff.
According to Parker, he sought to have a morphine pump implant for his father — who served in the Vietnam War with the U.S. Army — so that he could manage his pain enough to have his bandages changed. His requests, he said, were ignored.
State VA spokesperson Shane Faulkner said that the Talihina facility (which is not connected with the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs) could not provide the pump because it required approval from a medical director on site, and the position was vacant at the time of Peterson's treatment, but Faulkner said that Peterson's pain medication was increased. We contacted the state office seeking further comment, but have received no response.
Three nurses and a physician's assistant resigned from the center following an investigation into Peterson's death. However, the latter was later rehired at another facility in Lawton, Oklahoma, about 225 miles away.
Faulkner said he was allowed to resume working for the agency because since there was no medical director to approve use of the pump, investigators from the state health department determined that the assistant “did everything in his power” to care for Peterson, including increasing his medication.
Another death was reported at the Talihina facility on 31 January 2017. Officials with the state medical examiners' office said their report on the cause of 70-year-old Leonard Smith's death would be released pending the results of a toxicology test.
Faulkner confirmed that two nurses were placed on paid administrative leave after Smith's death. However, the Tulsa World quoted a person identifying themselves as one of the nurses who said Smith's dead was not due to natural causes.
This one I believe falls solely on administration not listening to staff. There were no investigators, no law enforcement, no pictures taken on this death … If there was a crime committed, and I'm not saying there was, the crime scene's been cleaned. All evidence has been removed, and there's no record of anything at all other than the nurses' notes.
The sheriff's office for Latimer County, where the Talihina facility is located, said it had not been contacted regarding Smith's death. The local district attorney's office has not commented on the matter.
by Rob Moseley
Editor, GoDucks.com
LAS VEGAS ? With a crisp clap of his hands and a tight smile, Dana Altman expressed both confidence and concern.
"We're all right," Altman told the Ducks as they brought the ball upcourt after being smacked in the mouth by Colorado on Thursday night. The Buffaloes, who played one night earlier, scored seven straight to open the game against the Ducks, who hadn't played in a week.
Though Oregon responded with two quick baskets, it would be a while before the Ducks did indeed seem all right. Colorado led by as many as 11 midway through the first half, before scintillating second-half shooting sent the UO men on to the Pac-12 Tournament semifinals with a 93-85 victory over the Buffaloes.
Later, Altman would admit considering a timeout to stanch the early bleeding. Instead, he stuck by his guys.
"I just felt we were going to be OK," Altman said. "It was a new situation for our guys, with the exception of (Joseph Young and Elgin Cook); we just didn't have anybody out there who had been through it. Freshmen were playing like freshmen. And they're just going to take a while to burn through it. We were just hoping we didn't get down too far."
At the time, 29-18 seemed pretty far. Then, the Ducks found their legs.
Jalil Abdul-Bassit hit a three-pointer, Oregon's first after eight misses to open the game. Young hit another, to tie it 31-31. Colorado answered, but Abdul-Bassit hit again from deep, and the Ducks had their first lead.
The Buffaloes rallied to go into halftime up 37-34. For the Ducks in the locker room, the mood again was a mix of confidence and concern.
"Everybody was real confident," said Cook, whose nine first-half points kept the Ducks close until the shooters got going. "But it kind of gave us more sense of urgency, that we had to execute and we had to be more active. Come out and play as hard as we can."
As usual, Altman looked to jump-start his team on the defensive end. The Ducks went into a three-quarter-court press, and scored 27 points off 13 turnovers by Colorado ? "the difference in the game," Altman said.
Young, Dwayne Benjamin and Dillon Brooks all had dunks off Colorado turnovers during a decisive 28-10 run on which Oregon made 13-of-14 shots. "Seeing the ball turned over and turned into layups, that was frustrating," Colorado forward Josh Scott said.
The press was a huge factor in setting up quality scoring chances. "It got us moving," Altman said. "We were dead to start the game. I must have put them to sleep before the game with my inspirational speech, because our activity just wasn't any good."
And, of course, it helped that Oregon had the Pac-12 player of the year. If anyone doubted Young's selection over T.J. McConnell of Arizona and Delon Wright of Utah before Thursday, they likely didn't after Young's 30-point performance against Colorado.
Just 3-of-10 for eight points in the first half, Young made 9-of-12 for 22 points in the second half, part of a remarkable 22-of-29 performance overall by the Ducks after halftime. "It's really my teammates setting picks, finding me when I was open and coach calling the right plays," Young said. "It's all about my team."
Colorado coach Tad Boyle said the Buffaloes wanted to double-team Young off ball screens and make somebody else beat them. The Buffs didn't execute that strategy well in their coach's eyes, but Young had one of those nights when it might not have mattered.
Colorado mustered a late rally, but Young was there to stop their momentum at key junctures. He hit a jumper to keep Oregon comfortably ahead at 80-71, and had an acrobatic drive to the rim for an 82-76 lead after the Buffaloes closed within four.
Afterward the Ducks could lament their slow start. But their finish was emphatic. Altman trusted his players to weather Colorado's early storm, and in the end it was Oregon that made it rain, tying the tournament record with 59 points in the second half.
With a fantastic story (and some awkward controls and puzzles), Grim Fandango Remastered is still the same great game you remember from 1998. Those bugs, though? Those are all new.
I don't get many chances to bust out the phrase mise-en-scene in a video game review without sounding like a pretentious asshole, so I'm going to take the opportunity here. It's a French term used in film to encompass the art of environmental storytelling - and it's something Grim Fandango absolutely nailed in 1998. Now, 17 years later, Grim Fandango Remastered brings the brilliant Mexican-underworld-meets-film-noir classic adventure to modern machines with a host of welcome new features. It also brings with it a few new problems of its own.
Grim Fandango follows the exploits of Manuel Calavera, a travel agent who helps the recently deceased find passage from the Eighth Underworld to the great beyond. When one of his saintly clients doesn't qualify for the express train ticket she rightly deserves, he sets out to uncover the corruption lurking beneath the surface of the underworld while bringing his client to her final resting place. It's Raymond Chandler by way of the Land of the Dead, yet made all its own with all the wit and hilarity that defines classic LucasArts adventure games.
What makes Grim Fandango stand out is how it deals with the passing of time. The journey to the end of the underworld takes four whole years, and during that time we see characters grow and friendships evolve in the kinds of ways that most games gloss over. Grim Fandango is a long game (I've played it before and it took me 12 hours to beat it this time around), but everything feels like it has a purpose, even if that purpose is merely to flesh out the incredible atmosphere. With top-notch voice acting and a spectacular swing-era jazz-infused soundtrack, the Eighth Underworld feels like a real, lived in place - even if its inhabitants are all dead.
For all of its success in telling a narrative that's equal parts hilarious and somber, Grim Fandango Remastered is - for better and for worse - the same game as it was over a decade ago. Yes, that same charm and cleverness is still just as effective, but the puzzles themselves feel like a relic of the past. 'Adventure game logic' is in full effect here, meaning you'll have to scour every last pixel to snag everything that isn't nailed down. Then, you'll use said objects on whatever (and whomever) you can find to move the game forward. The leaps of logic here aren't as bad as other adventure games, but there are moments where I wondered how anyone ever found out how to get new shocks for Manny's sweet ride without consulting a FAQ.
As for the aging graphics, well… the pre-rendered 3D environments certainly aren't doing anyone favors. The character models and lighting are touched up, but these static backgrounds appear to be just as low-res and grainy as they were back in the '90s, and nothing has been done to highlight critical item pick-ups or pathways. While the pre-rendered backdrops allow for some truly breathtaking camera angles (that one with the blimp still impresses the hell out of me - you'll know it when you see it), it means you're more likely to get stuck because you literally can't find the next place to go. Higher-resolution backgrounds would've gone a long way to making the world more vibrant and easier to navigate.
Color commentary The Remastered edition also includes a fancy commentary track that you can activate in specific areas with a quick tap of a button (as long as you enable it in the options menu). These brief snippets feature director Tim Schafer, composer Pete McConnell, and a bunch of artists and programmers chatting about different aspects of Grim Fandango's development. Hearing them wax nostalgic about inspirations taken from films like The Big Sleep or the troubles with writing proper door code are fascinating to anyone who loves Grim Fandango, or simply wants to learn more about the design process. I only wish Double Fine included the Remastered making-of documentary videos (which are freely available on YouTube) to complete the package.
Despite the seeming lack of actual, y'know, remastering done to this remastered edition, the new features Double Fine added are certainly welcome. In addition to the tank controls from the original release (where you rotate and walk in the same manner as the first few Resident Evils), you also get a more conventional directional input on controllers, as well as point-and-click input on PC and touch input on Vita. I found myself opting for the modern controller input, and tapping the Vita screen whenever Manny obstinately decided he didn't want to look at the important thing he needed to progress. While maneuvering around the underworld never feels completely natural, having a variety of options at your fingertips certainly helps.
Unfortunately, the added control options are the only modern concessions made to bring Grim Fandango to a new generation of players. Like the original release, there's no user interface to speak of. This makes Grim Fandango feel much more cinematic, but the lack of any on-screen prompts or tutorial will confuse the crap out of new players as they try to figure out how to make Manny interact with the world. There's no hint guide (a feature available in both Monkey Island remasters), so if you get stuck, it's off to the internet with you. The widescreen option awkwardly stretches everything to fill the screen, meaning that the original 4:3 aspect ratio is really the only way to play properly. And there's no auto-saving whatsoever, meaning if you don't take time to save your game often, you could find yourself reeling from a show-stopping bug.
And boy, are there bugs. Sound effects frequently cut in and out, weird lighting issues cause certain objects to blink incessantly, and cutscene transitions can be especially jarring. One time I clipped through a door and couldn't get back out; another time, I gave an item to someone who then began to spin around in place for the rest of eternity. Each one required me to reboot my game - and without auto-saves in a time when most people have come to expect them, many bugs can potentially set you back several hours.There were many times where I felt like Grim Fandango's code was hanging together by a tenuous, skeletal thread.
It's a shame, because Grim Fandango is an otherwise fantastic experience. It's a prime example of how video game stories aren't totally bullshit; how they can be filled with layers of nuance and actual character development. And it's a reminder that once upon a time, LucasArts was the king of style. Despite its age (and its slew of technical issues), Grim Fandango Remastered is still a journey worth taking - but as someone who absolutely adores the original, I can't help but feel that it deserves better.
This game was reviewed on PS Vita, and playtested on PC.
The Air Force's top civilian and uniformed leaders are being booted out of the Pentagon. Chief of Staff Gen. T. Michael "Buzz" Moseley has resigned. Secretary Michael W. Wynne is next.
The move, initially reported by Inside Defense and Air Force Times, isn't exactly a shocker. The Air Force has come under fire for everything from mishandling nukes to misleading ad campaigns to missing out on the importance of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. Most importantly, the Air Force's leadership has been on the brink of open conflict for months with Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Deputy Defense Secretary Gordon England. That's because in the halls of the Air Force's chiefs, the talk has been largely about the threats posed by China and a resurgent Russia. Gates wanted the service to actually focus on the wars at hand, in Iraq and Afghanistan. "For much of the past year I've been trying to concentrate the minds and energies of the defense establishment on the current needs and current conflicts," he told the Heritage Foundation. "In short, to ensure that all parts of the Defense Department are, in fact, at war."
Last fall, the Pentagon's civilian chiefs shot down an Air Force move to take over almost all of the military's big unmanned aircraft.
"There has to be a better way to do this," Moseley complained at the time. Things only got more tense when
Gates said that the future of conflict is in small, "asymmetric" wars
\– wars in which the Air Force takes a back seat to ground forces.
Then Gates noted that the Air Force's most treasured piece of gear, the
F-22 stealth fighter, basically has no role in the war on terror.
And when a top Air Force general said the service was planning on buying twice as many of the jets – despite orders from Gates and the rest of the civilian leadership – he was rebuked for "borderline insubordination."
Relations between Gates and the Air Force chiefs soured further when the Defense Secretary called for more spy drones to be put into the skies above Iraq and Afghanistan. The Air Force complained that all those extra flight hours were turning the roboplane's remote pilots into virtual "prisoners." Gates then publicly chastised the service during the drone buildup, comparing it to "pulling teeth."
The scrapes harmed the service's image in Congress, and with the public. And so the Air Force launched an $81 million marketing effort to demonstrate its relevance in today's conflicts. Outside analysts wondered whether such a push was in violation of American anti-propaganda laws – especially after one of the spots was found be be "misleading."
But, according to Air Force Times, "the last straw appears to be a [damning] report on nuclear weapons handling... [that] critical report convinced Gates that changes must be made." That's the reason Gates gave reporters, in a Pentagon press conference today. But it might just have been the excuse he needed to can a pair of bureaucratic adversaries – read on.
The service inadvertently shipped "four high-tech electrical nosecone fuses for Minuteman nuclear warheads were [t]o Taiwan in place of helicopter batteries. The mistake was discovered in March — a year and a half after the erroneous shipment," The New York Times reports. "The mishandling of the nosecone fuses was viewed as another indication of lack of discipline within America's nuclear infrastructure, and was another embarrassment for the people in charge of those weapons."
Last fall, the Air Force's 5th Bomb Wing lost track of six nuclear warheads. Then, in mid-May, the service flunked a nuclear surety inspection, when security personnel couldn't even be bothered to stop playing videogames on their cellphones. Now, it looks like Moseley and Wynne has some serious time to play with themselves.
Despite reports you may be reading elsewhere, this firing was not about nukes or missiles, well-placed sources say. "Far and away the biggest issue was the budget stuff, not the nuclear stuff. The UAV [unmanned aerial vehicle] fight, the F-22 deal... Gates really didn't appreciate it," one of those sources tells Danger Room. Now, with the botched missile and nuke shipments, "the SecDef [Secretary of Defense] has good cover to do something that suits him bureaucratically."
"The problem seems to be a philosophical difference between Gates and the USAF [U.S. Air Force], not anything to do with nuclear weapons," another adds. And Moseley and Wynne may not be the last to go. Rumors are swirling of more top-level Air Force officers getting the axe. Stay tuned.
LATE UPDATE: In public, at least, Gates is blaming the purge on nukes. Here's the video:
ALSO:
At IFA 2015 Sony announced a trio of new smartphones which make up the Xperia Z5 range. As well and the Compact and Premium versions, the regular Xperia Z5 is here and this is our full and in-depth review. See: The best phones of 2015.
Also see: Best Black Friday Phone Deals
Updated 18 January 2016 with audio tests, then 29 April 2016 with new camera tests.
With technology in smartphones hitting something of a ceiling, it's hard to differentiate in a crowded and fierce market. Sony, like HTC and others, is finding it hard to compete with the likes of Samsung and Apple but will hope that the new Xperia Z5 will give it a needed boost.
Sony Xperia Z5 review: Release date and price
The Xperia Z5's official price is £549 if you go to the web store. although Sony has now discounted it to £469. However, you're probably better off going elsewhere as prices range from £325 from websites we wouldn't necessarily recommend, through to £399 from Debenhams.
Of course, its rivals have also dropped in price, and there are now plenty of new ones to compete with, such as the Huawei P9 and Xiaomi Mi 5.
If you want a smaller phone, the Z5 Compact is a cheaper option and has many of the same features. Also see: Best MiFi 2016.
Sony Xperia Z5 review: Design and build
In terms of design, Sony hasn't really changed its formula which has been in place since the original Xperia Z. The Xperia Z5 has that square industrial style look and feel which makes it instantly recognisable as a Sony handset. That said, there are some tweaks which are nice.
The Xperia Z5 looks more desirable than previous models if you ask us and this is largely due to the new frosted glass rear cover which give it a really nice matt finish and the graded metal frame which matches the colour you choose. You'll be able to choose from white, gold, graphite black and green with the latter being our favourite.
Once again, Sony offers full waterproofing and there's only one flap to cover the card slots so you don't need to faff around with headphone or USB ports which makes things hassle-free.Update: Sony has backtracked on the 'fully waterproof' claim and now says you shouldn't immerse the Z5 or try to take photos or videos underwater. Its website says "Remember not to use the device underwater. If you accidentally get the device wet with non-fresh water, wash the device with tap water."
A change you may have noticed is that the iconic round power button is gone. This has been replaced by a flat and slightly recessed button which also houses a fingerprint scanner (we'll talk about this more below).
Something we don't like, although it's a small detail, is that the volume rocker is now further down on the side of the phone. It's pretty close to the bottom and is quite difficult to use – above the power button seems to make more sense.
Unfortunately, the device has got thicker and heavier compared with the previous model. It's now 7.3mm and 154g compared to 6.9mm and 144g. Although that's not a big difference, the Z5 doesn't feel as nice in the hand compared to rivals. The square shape just isn't as ergonomic and there are places where the edge of the glass or metal is quite sharp.
This might seem like a small thing to point out but in day to day life it matters more than say a few extra frames per second in a graphics benchmark.
Sony Xperia Z5 review: Hardware and specs
Let's get a couple of things out of the way on the specs side of things. The Xperia Z5 still has a 5.2in screen with a Full HD resolution so that's the same as the Xperia Z2. The new screen tech is found on the Xperia Z5 Premium, which is the first 4K smartphone we've seen - we'll debate whether you need that over on that review.
The quality is still good but we would have preferred it if the regular Z5 was Quad HD. The only new thing to talk about here is that the display can be used normally even when covered in water droplets.
Another thing which remains the same is that the Xperia Z5 has a Snapdragon 810 processor, not the 820 as per some rumours. We found the phone extremely nippy in use, even launching the camera and in normal use it doesn't overheat quite like the Z3+.
However, it can if you push it hard enough. When recording 4K video we got a warning at around 19 and a half minutes - an icon notifies you of the high temperature, too - but we did reach 30 minutes of continuous recording without the camera switching itself off.
Sony Xperia Z5 review: benchmarks and battery life
Benchmark results are good, outpacing its predecessor and keeping up with rivals across the board.
4GB of RAM was rumoured but it remains at 3GB and there's 32GB (21GB available on our sample) of internal storage plus a Micro-SD card slot which can accept up to 200GB more, according to Sony. It's good to see Sony sticking with expandable storage with so many devices (the OnePlus 2, iPhone 6 and Galaxy S6 to name just three) not having this feature.
The Xperia range has long touted good battery life and the Z5 is no different with Sony still claiming two days of usage. The still non-removable battery is 2900mAh in capacity which is oddly 30mAh lower than the Z3+. You'll be able to quick charge the phone getting five and half hours usage from a 10 minute charge – however, the QCH10 charger is not included in the box and will cost you £19 from Sony.
In our battery benchmark test using Geekbench 3, we recorded a time of five hours and 37 minutes with a score of 3376. This is respectable but just over an hour short of rivals like the Galaxy S6 which we didn't expect due to the lower resolution screen. We have found battery life to be good from a user point of view and should last most the advertised two days.
So what has changed? Well Sony is going big on two features: the new camera and the fingerprint sensor.
Sony admits that it's a bit late with a fingerprint sensor but it's managed to do something a bit different. Yes, it's inside a button like rivals but the firm has put it inside the power button. This is firstly impressive since it sits on the side and is really slim but also means it's a much more ergonomic placement – exactly where your thumb naturally falls when you pick up the phone so all you need to do is push the power button and the sensor reads your print at the same time. It's consistently quick and accurate.
Sony Xperia Z5 review: camera review
Now onto the camera which is new for the first time since the Xperia Z1. The Xperia Z5 now boasts a 23Mp main camera (1/2.3in and f/2 aperture) with various improvements and features – it's the same camera on the Compact and Premium models, too.
Before we get to the bad news, we'd like to give Sony a nice round of applause for keeping the two-stage dedicated physical camera button on the side which not only launches the camera app whenever you need, but also makes taking photos easier and nicer.
Sony is touting three main improvements for the camera. It has the fastest autofocus according to the firm at 0.03 seconds thanks to a hybrid system, it also has x5 Clear Image Zoom which is meant to give better results when you zoom in on an object (or crop a photo) and it also provides the clearest low light performance.
However, we're unconvinced that the sensor really does have 23 million pixels. For one thing, Sony sets the camera to 8Mp by default so you'll have to head into the settings to switch to the full 23Mp compliment (this is a 4:3 aspect ratio). The second is that when you compare photos with rivals at 1:1, you see much more detail from those with 12- and 16Mp sensors, adding weight to the argument that it's really an 8Mp sensor that interpolates to 23Mp. Whichever is true, the photos speak for themselves.
Going back to what Sony says about the camera and that autofocus is incredibly fast. Perhaps not 0.03 seconds every time (that's pretty hard to measure) but it's one of the quickest we've ever seen and should help you to capture moments better when the window of opportunity is small. Focus is sometimes soft round the edge of photos.
The Clear Image Zoom feature seems to be nothing more than marketing hype as we've not found it to be at all effective. In fact, a photo taken at 'x5' compared to zooming in on a full-frame still is actually better. As usual, you'll want a camera with optical zoom if you want good results in this respect.
To illustrate this, here's a "23Mp" photo taken on the Z5. It's not too bad apart from the blow-out highlights.
Now let's zoom in 1:1 so you can see the actual detail.
Below is the same 1:1 portion from the Google Nexus 6P which has only a 12Mp sensor: it's sharper and certainly doesn't lack any detail compared to the Sony which, theoretically, has almost twice the number of pixels.
Low light performance is good but the Z5 lacks optical image stabilisation which plays a big part in preventing shots in poor conditions ending up a blurry mess. For most users, the camera will provide excellent photos and video using Superior Auto Mode and there a load of other camera apps to play with including Manual, Multi Camera and the slightly odd AR Mask which lets you have the face of a gorilla or even one of your mates.
The lack of stabilisation also affects video. Here's a 4K clip:
Overall the Z5 camera is very good but while DxO ranks it as the best in the world, we wouldn't go that far. It's not terrible, but there are much better phone cameras. To see a side-by-side comparison with the latest phones, including the LG G5, HTC 10, Galaxy S7 and more, see our best camera phone group test.
Sony Xperia Z5 review: Audio
Speaker Quality
It is a pleasant surprise to see the Xperia Z5 equipped with dual front-facing speakers. What makes the Xperia Z5 standout from the crowd is how concealed the two speakers are within the phone, where at first glance it even seems as if the speakers don't even exist. However, this does come at a price: When the phone is used at maximum volume, the phone's speakers create quite a lot of vibrations that are noticeable through the full metal body. In terms of loudness, it scored a 7/10 in our tests – as a comparison the Google Nexus 6P scored 9.5/10 with its dual front-facing speakers. Read more: Best Sounding Phones of 2016.
The sound quality of the speakers is decent, where the mids and highs are really well presented and bring out a clear natural tone to music. Furthermore, the overall soundstage and instrument separation is top-class, making us enjoy our music content even more. However the Xperia Z5's speaker did fall short on the bass department, where the bass did not extend nor had any impact, which left us wanting for more.
Internal Sound Quality
The Sony Xperia Z5 uses the Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810 processor, where we presume Sony is utilising Qualcomm's WCD9330 Audio Codec to produce its audio. We found its sound signature to have an emphasis on the mids and highs, where the mids sounded a little boosted and the highs created a great sparkle. The same couldn't be said about its bass response which left us disappointed; a lack of extension in the sub-bass and uncontrolled mid-bass let down the overall sound quality of the Xperia Z5.
In terms of loudness we had to use the phone at 75-80% volume which is louder than some of the smartphones we have previously reviewed. Read our in-depth smartphone audio comparison: Best Sounding Phones of 2016.
During our tests we found the phone to produce slight crackling and popping noises when used alongside an amplifier; for example, a car's amplifier. We also noticed a pulse sound that occurred after the phone was connected via a 3.5mm auxiliary input.
Sony Xperia Z5 review: Software and apps
Sony hasn't done much on the software side with the Z5 range - it's really all about the design and hardware.
The Z5 ships with 5.1 Lollipop and Sony will, of course, make Android 6.0 Marshmallow available for the Z5 range but there's no timing for the upgrade at the time of writing. LG is rolling it out to the G4 starting week of 19 October which is very quick so we hope Sony can follow suit.
On top of the stock Android elements like recent apps, Sony still adds its floating widgets giving you things like a calculator, timer and even a web browser which can be resized, and pinned to the side when not in use. We also welcome the ability to customise the quick settings so you can make sure the ones you use the most are there.
We're seeing much less fragmentation with Android these days and Sony is one smartphone maker which doesn't really mess too much with the vanilla interface. It does have the firm's usual style and add-ons such as nice wallpapers, widgets and apps such as Walkman and PlayStation.
All of which are welcome but there are a bunch of other things pre-loaded such as Dropbox, Facebook, Amazon Shopping, Kobo Books, Vine, Spotify and AVG which we're not so keen on. We think users should be the ones to decide which apps are installed. Combine, they take up a reasonable amount of space but you can uninstall any you don't wish to keep which means this isn't a big problem.
Yesterday, upon the stair,
I saw a rape that wasn't there,
It wasn't there again today!
Oh why, oh why did it go away ...
From the Duke Lacrosse team, the Columbia mattress girl and the University of Virginia, the left has not been able to produce one actual rape on a college campus. It's beginning to look as if the rape of the Sabine women never happened, either. Someone's going to have to go back and investigate.
The big finale to the latest college rape fable, Rolling Stone's whimsical "A Rape on Campus," [Archive.org link]about a fraternity gang rape at the University of Virginia that never happened, is the Columbia Journalism Review's "investigation" of the story, released Sunday night. It's more of a house of mirrors than a finale, inasmuch as CJR's report is so preposterous that it demands its own investigation.
The CJR treats "reporting" as if it is some sort of learned craft, requiring years of study, as opposed to basic common sense. For example, if someone has an incredible story that he's dying for you to publicize, but loses interest every time you try to confirm any of the facts, a normal person would say: Oh, that's because it's probably a lie.
Without even knowing that the rape accuser, "Jackie," had refused to let Rolling Stone check the most basic elements of her narrative, every human being who read Sabrina Rubin Erdely's piece knew it was nonsense by around the second paragraph. It was like a Lifetime TV version of a fraternity rape.
The Washington Post knew. Slate magazine knew. Much-maligned journalist Richard Bradley knew.
But the CJR diligently ticks off Rolling Stone's failures to follow the "essential practices of reporting," including "editing, editorial supervision and fact-checking." Rolling Stone's Reporter of the Year, Erdely [Email her] told CJR, "I wish somebody had pushed me harder." Her managing editor, Will Dana,[Email him] admitted that he should have "pull(ed) the strings a little harder ... question(ed) things a little more deeply."
Yes, maybe the editors were just not pushing hard enough.
It's as if a doctor attacked his patient with an ax, and the Columbia Medical Review responded with a forensic report concluding that the procedure failed to follow clinical protocols on hand hygiene, scrubs and restricted areas, while the doctor gallantly admitted that mistakes were made.
How about not allowing reporters to go off on politically driven crusades against liberal hate-objects, like fraternities, the military and athletes? How about not basing entire stories on the uncorroborated dream sequences of fantasists?
The false rape accuser, Jackie, had been trying to get the attention of a guy she liked by inventing a fake boyfriend. His name was "Haven Monahan." Wouldn't a person in his right mind drop the story right there?
Jackie had developed a whole online presence for her imaginary boyfriend, using the photo of some guy from her high school who had never spoken to her, and creating a fictitious text message account for her nonexistent boyfriend, replete with dialogue lifted directly from the TV show "Dawson's Creek."
For these among other reasons, the entire world has known the truth about the Rolling Stone rape since about eight minutes after the story was published. The CJR's report was only necessary for The New York Times to find out the truth.
The report lamented that Rolling Stone's "journalistic failure" would encourage "the idea that many women invent rape allegations." To dispel this danger, the CJR quickly cited a handout from a Violence Against Women symposium alleging only 2 to 8 percent of rape claims are false. In fact, all serious studies of false rape claims put that figure at 27 percent to 40 percent.
If the CJR followed its own recommendations of "fact-checking," they'd know that.
Erdely's editor, Sean Woods, [Email him] bemoaned the "disservice" Rolling Stone's article had done to Jackie—the woman who made up the story about being raped.
You know who else Rolling Stone's story kind of did a disservice to? I think, personally—as long as we're ranking victims—a very close second to the woman who lied about being raped, as well as all the unnamed college rape victims who might have their claims taken less seriously in the future, are THE INNOCENT FRATERNITY MEMBERS WHO WERE FALSELY ACCUSED OF A VIOLENT GANG RAPE.
The UVA fake rape is even worse than the Duke Lacrosse team fake rape. The accused fraternity hadn't even courted danger by hiring a stripper. They were going about their lives, minding their own business, when, out of the blue, Rolling Stone, the president of their university, and a fiendish coed decided to accuse them of a monstrous crime.
If UVA's much vaunted "honor code" means anything, it ought to mean the permanent expulsion of a girl who was willing to ruin the lives of men she had never met by accusing them of gang-rape—just to get the attention of a guy she liked.
To the contrary, even after this unprovoked attack on blameless UVA students, the associate dean of students, Nicole Eramo, [Email her] said that college rape accusations required "balancing respect for the wishes of survivors while also providing for the safety of our communities."
Again, isn't someone missing from all that delicate "balancing"? I'm thinking of: the men falsely accused of rape. Colleges might want to consider adopting a concept that's been around since the second century: "innocent until proved guilty.”
Ann Coulter is the legal correspondent for Human Events and writes a popular syndicated column for Universal Press Syndicate. She is the author of TEN New York Times bestsellers—collect them here.
Her most recent book is Never Trust a Liberal Over Three-Especially a Republican.
The Press Information Bureau, a government organ that operates with notions and practices that were in vogue roughly three centuries ago, earned the moniker Photoshop Images Bureau with the astonishing feat it pulled off last evening , of embarrassing a Prime Minister who was doing his job during a great calamity.
A day later, it has pulled off yet another one. The government's official communications arm has now acknowledged its monumental incompetence with a statement that is a monument to monumental incompetence. In inscrutable language, it jumps through hoops to ultimately say: "let's pretend like nothing happened. Except, there are sections in the media".
Here is the full text of the statement:
Clarification regarding merger of two pictures on PIB's Twitter Handle and Website Pictures of Hon'ble Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi undertaking the aerial survey of flood affected areas of Tamil Nadu were released on PIB Twitter Handle and PIB's website last evening. Out of the seven pictures released, one picture used the technique of merging two pictures. This is being referred to as “Photoshopping” in sections of media. This happened due to error of judgement and the picture was subsequently deleted. PIB regrets the release of the above mentioned picture. Inconvenience caused is regretted.
Now let us read this closely.
The title says: "Clarification regarding merger of two pictures on PIB's Twitter Handle and Website".
Ok, we are about to discuss the merger of two pictures. Sounds rather respectable. Perhaps the merged entity will acquire another picture?
The first line that follows the title is an unexceptionable fact. Pictures were indeed released. Then comes the loops.
"Out of the seven pictures released..."
This is an important caveat. Please note that we released six pictures without screwing up. That is the main thing.
"one picture used the technique of merging two pictures..."
Oh cool. A technique of merging pictures. Sounds like fun. Why was it done?
"This is being referred to as “Photoshopping” in sections of media."
Damnit. These sections of media, always creating trouble. And they are saying what? Photoshopping?! Why would they say that when all that you did was to use the technique of merging two pictures. What an uncouth insinuation.
"This happened due to error of judgement..."
Ah, an error of judgment. The kind of momentary lapse that could happen to any honest man. Really, noone is to blame.
"...and the picture was subsequently deleted."
Oh ok. That makes it cool then.
Now here's the statement the PIB should have released.
We have been naughty and we are sorry. Last evening we released a picture that was manipulated. We shouldn't have done that. It is not our job to falsify. We have fixed our internal processes to make sure this isn't repeated (we disabled all functions except colour correction on Photoshop). We had a word with the cowboys who thought they could get away with it. They now work for our sister organization--Department of Advertising and Visual Publicity. We apologize to the Prime Minister for the embarrassment this has caused him. As penance, we are also retiring the use of the following phrases that exist due to force of habit and no other intelligible reason: "sections of media", "Inconvenience caused is regretted".
Really, it's fine to screw up. But to not have the heart to properly own up and say sorry is quite pathetic.
What happened yesterday was wilful manipulation and deliberate publication of a falsehood with the intent to mislead. It went counter to PIB's mission. That is too grave to simply be called an error of judgment. Today's nonsensical statement on the other hand, is a perfect illustration of an error of judgment.
Alsop Sprach Zarathustra: Decoding Strauss' Tone Poem
Enlarge this image toggle caption Valery Hache/AFP/Getty Images Valery Hache/AFP/Getty Images
I can't imagine a more stimulating conversation opener than "God is dead." Indeed, this quote by Friedrich Nietzsche sparked heated debate in his time, as it still does today. But how many of us know the writings of this 19th-century philosopher?
I have to confess to feeling doubly intimidated when I first opened the score to Richard Strauss' symphonic take on Also Sprach Zarathustra. Not only was I faced with trying to find the key to unlock Strauss' motivation for writing this complex work, but I also faced the daunting challenge of getting my mind around Nietzsche's labyrinthine oeuvre, which inspired Strauss' work of the same name.
Hear The Music Leonard Bernstein conducts the New York Philharmonic. Also sprach Zarathustra (Thus Spoke Zoroaster), tone poem for orchestra, Op. 30 (TrV 176) [Einleitung] Also sprach Zarathustra (Thus Spoke Zoroaster), tone poem for orchestra, Op. 30 (TrV 176) [Das Tanzlied]
That said, the opening of Strauss' Zarathustra is one of the most recognizable musical excerpts in history. That unto itself always fascinates me: What makes a piece of music resonate with so many people? It can't just be its commercial associations after the fact, because those associations invariably reference the emotional underpinnings of the music itself. I decided to try to analyze what makes this opening so universal.
The piece starts in the depths of the orchestra, almost out of the range of human hearing. Then the trumpets enter in unison, playing a fanfare-like figure based on perfect intervals. Perfect intervals give a sense of possibility and vastness. I immediately think of Copland's Fanfare for the Common Man, which opens with the exact same perfect intervals played by unison trumpets. The effects are identical: strength, breadth, optimism, possibility.
Repetition is important, and Strauss repeats the opening fanfare three times, each time gaining in intensity, until it finally breaks free and arrives at a majestic cadence in the key of C major — the universal key. It has no sharps or flats (it uses only the white keys on the piano), and is enormously resonant. We feel C major in a very primal way as human beings.
There is no mistaking that when Stanley Kubrick chose this opening music for 2001: A Space Odyssey, his desire was to elicit that same emotional response from viewers: to contemplate the vastness and possibility of the universe and to bring forward the same questions that Nietzsche proposed in 1885 about God, about humankind and about our existence here in the natural world.
toggle caption Grant Leighton
Nietzsche's tome is a series of allegorical parables about the life of the prophet Zarathustra, delivered gospel-style in a series of 80 vignettes, all ending with the words, "Thus Spake Zarathustra."
Strauss takes Nietzsche's work and distills it into eight musical sections, with an introduction and epilogue. Through these sections, he wants to convey the essence of Nietzsche's philosophical approach to the world. Nietzsche wanted us, as human beings, to reconsider our value system and, rather than blindly believe in a monotheistic god or in the advancing scientific field, start to hold ourselves accountable for our own actions.
Whether you ascribe to that philosophy or not has any bearing on the fact that this music, composed so painstakingly by Strauss, holds the power to profoundly move us.
And that brings me to my favorite Nietzsche quote: "Life without music would be a mistake."
There's something fitting about today being both Memorial Day and what would have been John F. Kennedy's 100th birthday.
It appears to be a worthy point for reflection on the countless times when a single event has seemingly sealed the fate of the world for better or worse, joining the never-ending list of junctures at which the curve of history could have broken in a different direction.
What if JFK had never been shot? Or his brother Robert, for that matter?
Would over a million people still have been killed in a war deemed unnecessary through the sober lens of history? Would almost sixty-thousand American soldiers still have lost their lives? Would generations of civilians still have been mutilated by the chemical weapons we deployed?
What about the tens (possibly hundreds) of thousands murdered by our secret bombing campaigns in Cambodia and Laos? We can only wonder in vain. So it goes.
That's why it's important that today is also Memorial Day, because there's a paradoxical truth to our American ethos that holds to this day: you can hate the war, as long as you love the soldier.
Regardless of how we might feel about U.S. military involvement in any number of conflicts, we owe an unwavering debt of gratitude to the brave men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of our nation.
They gave their lives so that we can live ours with the peace of mind that so many people around the world don't have the luxury of taking for granted.
Kennedy's most famous line was probably from his first inaugural, when he implored his fellow Americans to “ask not what your country can do for you — ask what you can do for your country” a message that rings true today perhaps louder than ever.
At a time when so many of us seem disheartened with our country, we ought to stop dwelling on what we feel it's not doing for us, and ask ourselves what we can do for it.
We ought to take today to appreciate those who gave their lives fighting to build, defend, and preserve the nation that we call home.
Whether they fought the British under Washington or the Nazis under Eisenhower, our country would not and could not be what it is today without the sacrifices made by those who took up arms to defend it.
In that spirit, we should remember the words of Kennedy, another great American who lost his life in service to our nation, and we should take this opportunity we've been given to make our country everything we want it to be.
Astros' Yulieski Gurriel retains rookie status for 2017 ... barely
ANAHEIM, Calif. --- Yulieski Gurriel was one of several regulars to sit the Astros' final game of the season Sunday at Angel Stadium.
One byproduct of his absence from the game? Gurriel will still be a rookie in 2017 and thus eligible for next year's American League Rookie of the Year Award at age 33.
The $47.5-million Cuban infielder finished one at-bat short of exhausting his rookie status this season. Major League Baseball rules state a player is considered a rookie unless in the previous season he "exceeded 130 at-bats or 50 innings pitched" or accumulated more than 45 days of service time, which Gurriel did not.
Gurriel batted .262 with a .677 on-base plus slugging percentage in 36 games after the Astros signed him in July to a five-year deal. The rigorous every day nature of the MLB schedule was an adjustment for him. He was 7 for 46 in his last 12 games.
Gurriel will spend his offseason in Miami, where he worked out in the months between his February defection and his joining the Astros.
"I'm really excited to have a good offseason and come into spring training really healthy and in really good shape to help the team win," he said through a translator.
Enemy Territory: Quake Wars is a first-person shooter video game developed by Splash Damage and published by Activision for Microsoft Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.[11] The prequel to Quake II, Quake Wars is set in the same science fiction universe as Quake II and Quake 4, with a minimal back-story serving as a prequel to Quake II. It is the second multiplayer-focused game in the Quake series after Quake III Arena.
Quake Wars features similar gameplay to Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory, but with the addition of controllable vehicles and aircraft as well as multiple AI deployables,[12] asymmetric teams, much bigger maps and the option of computer-controlled bot opponents. Unlike the previous Enemy Territory games, Quake Wars is a commercial release rather than a free download.
Enemy Territory: Quake Wars received mostly positive reviews upon release, although it received some criticism on consoles.
Since 2011, the rights to the game have reverted to ZeniMax Media.[13]
Gameplay [ edit ]
Quake Wars is a class-based, objective focused, team-oriented game. Teams are based on human (GDF) and alien (Strogg) technology. While the teams are asymmetrical, both sides have the same basic weapons and tools to complete objectives. Unlike other team-based online games (such as the Battlefield series), the gameplay is much more focused on one or two main objectives at once, rather than spread all over the combat area. This allows for much more focused and intense combat situations, similar to the original Unreal Tournament assault mode.
Each player class normally has new objectives show up during game play, many times based around the specific capabilities of that class. The game also has the capability to group players into fireteams for greater coordinated strategy. These fireteams can be user created or game generated depending on the mission selected by the player.
The game has an experience points (XP) rewards system in place, which rewards every player some points depending on the mission completed. This accumulated XP later leads to unlocks which may vary from availability of new equipment/weapons to abilities like faster movement or more accurate weapons.[14] These rewards are reset to zero after the completion of every campaign, which consists of three unique maps, all with a common locale/region.
Development [ edit ]
Enemy Territory: Quake Wars was first announced through a press release on May 16, 2005.[15] The public beta opened to FilePlanet paid subscribers on June 20, 2007 and to nonpaying members on June 23, 2007. There were also beta keys given out for a limited time exclusively at QuakeCon 2007. The public beta ended on September 25, 2007. A second build of the beta was released on August 3, 2007. It features a new map entitled Valley to replace Sewer and several changes to the game code to improve performance and implement new features. This map was featured in tutorial videos released prior to the beta, and was the map made available to play at QuakeCon 2006. The Valley map is based on a real Earth location: Yosemite Valley.[16]
A PC demo for Windows was released on September 10, 2007 and for Linux on October 16, 2007 also featuring the map Valley. The full Linux version was released on October 19, 2007. A Mac OS X client has also been released. In January 2008, a new updated version (2.0) of the demo was released. The updated demo includes changes introduced in the 1.4 patch such as 'tutorial mode'. The original 1.0 demo is no longer supported and should not be downloaded. The final retail version was first released on September 28, 2007 for Windows. The initial Linux release, created by id Software employee Timothee Besset, was made available three weeks later on October 19, 2007. As of 2017, Quake Wars is the most recent id Software game to have received a Linux release.
MegaTexture [ edit ]
Quake Wars utilized a modified version of the id Tech 4 engine with the addition of a technology called MegaTexture, a new texture mapping technique developed by John D. Carmack of id Software.[17] The technology allows maps to be totally unique, without any repeated terrain tiles. Battlefields can be rendered to the horizon without any fogging, with over a square mile of terrain at inch-level detail, while also providing terrain-type detail that defines such factors as bullet hit effects, vehicle traction, sound effects, and so on. Each megatexture is derived from a 32768×32768 pixel image, which takes up around 3 gigabytes in its raw form (with 3 bytes per pixel, one byte for each color channel).
Marketing [ edit ]
A collector's edition of the game was released exclusively for Microsoft Windows on October 2, 2007 in North America and September 9, 2007 in Australia and Europe (in Europe the collector's edition was released as Premium Edition). The collector's edition features the game itself, 10 collectible cards (there are 12 cards, but the first two are only available via preorder) and a bonus disc, which contains concept art, HD videos, interviews, artwork, downloadable icons, ringtones and music tracks.[18]
Reception [ edit ]
Reception Aggregate scores Aggregator Score GameRankings 84%[19] Metacritic 84/100[20] Review scores Publication Score Eurogamer 8/10[22] GamePro 4.5/5[21] GameSpot 8.5/10[23] IGN 8.5/10[24]
On the review aggregator GameRankings, the PC version of the game had an average score of 84% based on 55 reviews.[25] On Metacritic, the game had a score of 84 out of 100 based on 52 reviews.[26] Kevin VanOrd of GameSpot gave the game a rating of 8.5/10.[27] Other reviews are generally very positive, scoring Quake Wars in the 8–9 (out of 10) range.[28] For the week ending September 29, 2007, Quake Wars was the best selling PC title in the United Kingdom according to the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association.[29] On October 17, 2007, after its top of the charts sale in the United Kingdom, Quake Wars debuted at a familiar #1 spot yet again in the United States. According to NPD group's top 10 best selling PC game charts, it managed to take the #1 spot.[30] Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 reviews for the game were generally much less positive, with IGN giving the 360 version 6.1 and the PlayStation 3 version 5.3, citing game issues and inferior graphics to the PC version as causes for the lower score.
References [ edit ]
The goal of a new bitcoin exchange is to increase the domestic bitcoin liquidity base and facilitate remittance services in Vietnam.
Bitcoin Vietnam announced the relaunch of the bitcoin exchange in a press release issued on 22 September 2015. It was first opened in July 2014 in partnership with Bit2C Ltd. but eventually had to go offline. Since that time, the leadership of Bitcoin Vietnam planned to restart it. When asked recently by CoinFox about the plans for future development, Dominik Weil, the co-founder of Bitcoin Vietnam, answered: “Right now we are working on bringing back the live trading exchange VBTC which will serve as the necessary liquidity pool inside Vietnam.”
The new bitcoin exchange is created in partnership with Blinktrade and BitGo. It supports multisig wallets co-signed by all partners (in this case, three). To move the money, it is necessary to secure two signatures out of three. Besides, if BitGo fails to protect the wallet, it provides insurance.
But the main feature which, according to Bitcoin Vietnam, can make this bitcoin exchange successful is its accessibility to the unbanked Vietnamese which, according to the recent World Bank report, comprise about 70% of the population. Users will be able to deposit or withdraw cash in over 9,200 places in the country. Dominik Weil believes the new bitcoin exchange will facilitate remittances to Vietnam from abroad:
“In an ideal setup it will take you less than one hour to send funds to your beloved ones in Vietnam - from sending the Bitcoins to us until the recipient in Vietnam holds the cash in his hands. This is already possible today.”
For Blinktrade, it is a new link in the chain of bitcoin exchanges across the globe. Rodrigo Souza, the co-founder of Blinktrade, says the company has already helped to build bitcoin exchanges in Brazil, Venezuela, Chile and Pakistan. Blinktrade helps these exchanges link with remittance companies in the U.S. to reduce remittance costs and increase their speed.
Vietnam ranks in the Top 10 of remittance destination countries, receiving more than $12 billion annually.
Alexey Tereshchenko
Al Donahue still remembers the frantic day the alarm went off at Atomic Energy Canada Ltd. in Chalk River, Ont.
"As soon as I heard the alarm, I was with a group of welders and I took them out to the camp area," recalled Donahue, now 88 years old and living in nearby Pembroke. "Then I went back in and got the people out."
On May 23, 1958, the National Research Universal (or NRU) nuclear reactor suffered a serious mechanical failure. It overheated, ruptured and a fire ensued, according to official reports.
George Kiely, Al Donahue and Martin Habraken are campaigning for compensation for AECL workers who were exposed to radiation after incidents in Chalk River in 1952 and 1958. (Julie Ireton, CBC)
The NRU reactor was state of the art, worth millions and had the potential of causing catastrophic radiation contamination if something went wrong.
Staff volunteered to decontaminate site
Hearing the alarm meant all hands on deck. About 300 AECL staff volunteered to decontaminate the site over the next 10 days.
"We stayed with it right from the day of the accident until the cleanup was finished," said Donahue, who worked in the AECL purchasing office.
A sign from inside Atomic Energy Canada Ltd at Chalk River, Ont., from the 1950s. (CBC Archives)
George Kiely, who worked in metallurgy at AECL for 31 years, also volunteered.
Kiely remembers trying to hold on to a big, awkward vacuum with gloved hands while wearing a full protective suit and breathing through a mask as he cleared debris from the reactor.
A supervisor told him what to expect.
"These little particles are going to look like pellets, and the idea is to try to pick up as many of those pellets as you can. And you won't be able to stay in there very long — and we'll keep track of you," Kiely recalled being told.
Atomic Energy Canada Ltd., located in Chalk River, Ont., was the site of two serious nuclear incidents, one in 1952 and another in 1958. (Canadian Press)
Just 10 minutes of work
Kiely and the other workers had to work fast. Their radiation exposure was being closely monitored.
In just 10 minutes, Kiely reached the limit.
"You're just getting started and then the guys are, 'Come on! Get out of here! You've reached your level.' So I dropped it, went out and undressed."
Workers took turns with the vaccuum until they'd exhausted the radiation exposure of each willing staff member at AECL.
Then the Canadian military arrived.
An accident at the NRU reactor in Chalk River spreads radioactive dust throughout the 12-storey building. 0:42
Military called in to help
Canadian Forces members reached Chalk River on June 4, 1958.
Fifty years later, Kiely found out those officers and soldiers were getting paid compensation for their 10 minutes under the reactor. Personnel who had participated in the decontamination at Chalk River in 1958, as well as a previous incident in 1952, each received $24,000 compensation in 2008.
The money came through the Atomic Veterans Recognition Program (AVRP), developed by the Department of National Defence. According to a 2016 Senate report: "Payment by the AVRP does not seem to be dependent on developing an illness or health problem linked to nuclear radiation; participation alone warrants compensation."
But there was no packet of compensation money for AECL workers like Donahue or Kiely.
The compensation for military personnel left Kiely bewildered. "We did it first. We were the ones to do it, and then the military came in as a last resort," he said.
A look inside the AECL labs at Chalk River in the 1950s. (CBC Archives )
Campaign begins
In 2009, Donahue, Kiely and Martin Habraken — a friend of Camille Charette, a deceased AECL employee who helped clean the reactor — launched a letter writing campaign in 2009.​
"I had 37 people contact me when I first started trying to obtain justice," Donahue said. "Out of 37, I counted 16 that are already gone."
Don Kilby was among them. Like Donahue, he worked in the company store and suited up when the call went out in 1958.
"Dad would tell us about having to go in, only being allowed in there for short periods of time, minutes, then coming out and having these thorough showers," said Gail MacDonald, Kilby's daughter.
Gail MacDonald's dad, Don Kilby, worked at AECL in 1958 and was exposed to radiation during the subsequent cleanup. He died in 2009. (Julie Ireton, CBC )
He died in 2009, within two weeks of a leukemia diagnosis.
"The doctor said he'd never, ever seen blood cells explode like Dad's did," said MacDonald. "It makes us wonder if it was due to the exposure to the radiation. I know none of us are qualified to say that, but it creates questions in our minds."
After MacDonald got the "brush off" from federal ministers, she sought out Habraken and the other ex-AECL workers.
A champion emerges
The letter writers reached out to 105 senators. They got one response — from Senator Céline Hervieux-Payette.
Al Donahue and Martin Habraken have been sending letters and reaching out to the last remaining AECL workers for several years. (Julie Ireton, CBC)
She met with Donahue, Kiely and Habraken in 2014.
The senator asked her staff for a report about the 1952 and 1958 incidents, the military's role and the compensation program. Released in 2016, it concluded: "Efforts should be made to either extend the current compensation program or develop a separate program for the civilians that participated at these events."
Senator Céline Hervieux-Payette met with former AECL workers in 2016 in Ottawa. (Senate of Canada)
Hervieux-Payette invited former AECL workers and their advocates to the Senate on March 22, 2016, when she presented a motion to compensate them.
"Finally the motion came up, and it was passed unanimously," Habracken recalled. "We got applause. They all applauded."
It looked like the men might finally get the same credit as military members.
Then Hervieux-Payette retired.
Back to the campaign
There aren't many AECL workers left who worked at the Chalk River facility in the 1950s. Those who remain are starting over with a new government, a new campaign.
The file is in the hands of Natural Resources Canada. In a statement to CBC News, the department noted: "Employees of Atomic Energy of Canada Limited (AECL) played an important role in the two major clean-up and decontamination efforts at the Chalk River Laboratories during the 1950s."
The department also noted Hervieux-Payette's Senate motion for compensation. According to the statement, "At this time, there is no program similar to the AVRP. However, the government continues to give due consideration to the Senate motion."
For Kiely, it's not about the money. In fact, he has no idea what he'd do with $24,000. "I haven't thought what I'd do with it," he said. "The money isn't really the part. It's the equality, you know?"
I've enjoyed following the Ashes and hearing a little about the women's tournament from commentators trying to fill the lunch break somehow. The possibility came up earlier this year that one of our England women's team, Sarah Taylor, might play for the men's second XI cricket for Sussex this summer, but now that seems unlikely to happen.
Still, no one seems to find it odd that in many sports, women are barred from competing in the same league. I can understand that men may have an advantage, and would have every sympathy if few or even no women made the grade for a team or final, but why should they be banned from even trying out?
We wouldn't condone a separate, lower-class league for short athletes, or those of a different race, so why women? Disabled athletes have separate competitions but are also welcome to compete in able-bodied events if they are fast enough, as long as their prosthesis or other assistance confers no unfair advantage. After all, Sarah Elliot has just reminded us that even childbirth and breastfeeding are surmountable obstacles when it comes to world-class performance.
In many sports – cricket, tennis, athletics, rugby – strength and size can give an advantage, and perhaps this is a reason to have a separate female league. Maybe, but this is not the point. There are already lower leagues to acknowledge that some players are better than others, and people find a team or competition at the appropriate level.
So the question remains: why segregate by banning an entire category of player from trying out at all? Women form a population that is, on average, physically shorter and weaker than men. People, however, are not a population, and there are strong and weak individuals caught up in a blanket ban. If women were all so much worse than men, a ban, whether appropriate or not, wouldn't be necessary. In football, men hold no physiological advantage, but their training starts younger and they are certainly paid more.
Some arguing against Taylor's potential inclusion in a men's cricket team pointed out that cricket is 80% technique and 20% power, and in that final 20% is the potential for injury. Such arguments – that we should censor women's activities for their own protection – defeat themselves. Suffice to say that male children are equally likely to get injured.
In equestrian sports, men and women compete on the same terms. The national teams are often entirely male, but everyone is content that women are considered to compete on an equal basis. They rise and fall on their own merits, sometimes literally. Women are injured, sometimes women are killed; but most of all they are free to make their own decision whether to participate. No one bothers to discriminate and, so far, there has been no apocalypse.
Sometimes, the secret to equality is not positive discrimination, it's equal terms. It's the shrug of the shoulders that says "what's the difference?" The moment worth aspiring for is not seeing people celebrate the world-class female cricketer who competes at comparatively low-level male professional cricket, but the day when people are aware that she does, and don't find it notable at all.
OCCUPIED UNION SQUARE, NY – Four NYC Parks Enforcement officers stand on the outskirts of the sidewalk as the low rhythm of hand drums blend with a smooth Jazz saxophone. The crowd, about 300 strong, is relaxed and chatting. It feels like the old days again. As I walk amongst the crowd, familiar faces and new smiles greet me and I decide to sit and chat.
The now infamous yellow Occupy Wall Street banner, designed to replicate caution tape hangs high and proud over a group of occupiers. Pillows, blankets, brothers and sisters converge under its framework. Telling stories of the long winter, countless hours spent laying the groundwork for what is set to be a monumental spring, our humble beginnings in lower Manhattan and how much farther we must travel on our journey. Food donations have already begun pouring in only reinforcing that feeling of nostalgia. The spirit of the Occupy Movement that seemed all but lost not long ago has burst back to life since the six-month anniversary and subsequent raid. It feels like coming home.
In speaking with some friends I learn that OWS has once again found ourselves a loophole. We are quite resourceful for “dirty hippies”. Our latest occupation, now in day three, is allowed to stay for some very interesting reasons. Union Square Park is patrolled by Park Rangers or Parks Enforcement Officers during hours of operation. This means the police have no jurisdiction over the park unless Park Rangers call them in to handle a situation AFTER the park closes at midnight. Ironically, the exterior of the park, where we have set up camp, is mandated to remain open 24 hours as a major subway station is located in the square. However, the NYPD can't enforce anything other than open flame/noise violations or the congregation of more than 25 people having a single conversation (thank you NDAA ) because the Park Rangers go off duty at midnight. It's almost poetic justice. As I continue to scan the perimeter I see a few “white shirts” and the occasional patrol officer but as before they remain removed. No barricades or wrist band clad monsters lurking, not a single mainstream media source in sight.
As the evening continued rather than the numbers dwindling, the crowd seemed to have increased, spreading itself out along the south side of the square, mindful to remain in small groups to protect the occupation. We played sports, sang, danced—spring training in full effect. Sidewalk chalk turned the once gray paving stones of Union Square into a canvas reminiscent of just a few days earlier in our “starter home” as remnants of the once sprawling OWS Library are set up on a staircase. Six months and two evictions later it seems we have a new place to call Occupied.
A relatively uneventful evening progressed at the new home of Occupy Wall Street and I decided it was time for me to depart. I had to work very early but promised friends, old and new, I would be back tomorrow. My faith in Occupy and my brothers and sisters continues to be renewed with each action I attend. As I sat down on the subway for my short trip back to Brooklyn a smile comes across my face. I take a huge bite from my fresh boston crème donut, courtesy of The Peoples Kitchen and hum to myself, “this occupation is not leaving!”
-Nicole Pace-
Conservatism (Latin: conservare, "to retain") is a political and social philosophy that promotes retaining traditional social institutions.
To debate and challenge Conservatism, visit
Non-conservatives are welcome as long as they are respectful and non-antagonistic towards Conservative posters and opinions at all times and have appropriate flair.
We are for Conservatives (fiscal and social) to discuss political and cultural issues.
Post no more than 4 submissions per hour.
Don't ask: "Why is this here?" or: "How is this Conservative?"
Don't complain how liberal /r/politics or Reddit is.
Don't post stories visible on the first page of "Hot" or "New."
Use the "np" prefix if you link to another subreddit.
Submit no more than one image post per day.
Don't complain about a topic or content of an article without offering substantive criticism.
Don't create meta discussion threads. Use Conservative Meta instead.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE leads Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE by 22 points in Iowa, according to a new poll.
A Monmouth University survey released on Tuesday found Clinton with 55 percent support compared with Sanders's 33 percent. That's in line with the RealClearPolitics average of Iowa polls, which shows Clinton with a 24.7-point lead over Sanders.
Martin O'Malley takes 6 percent in the Monmouth survey.
ADVERTISEMENT
Female voters, who favor Clinton over Sanders 61 percent to 27 percent, are bolstering her in the state. Among men, Clinton holds a narrow lead, 47 percent to 42 percent.
While Sanders has a 10-point lead over Clinton among younger voters, she dominates among voters over the age of 50, taking 63 percent support compared with 27 percent for Sanders.
And Clinton's support comes from those who are more likely to participate in the caucuses on Feb. 1, the poll found.
Among those who have participated in past caucuses, Clinton's lead expands to 27 points.
Sanders does better among independents in the state who say they plan to caucus with Democrats in February; he and Clinton each take 45 percent support among this bloc, which makes up about 14 percent of those sampled.
“The core of this electorate is going to be registered Democrats. And Clinton appears to have that group firmly in her corner,” Monmouth polling director Patrick Murray said.
Furthermore, with only 54 days until voters cast their ballots in the Hawkeye State, there appears to be little room for Sanders to make inroads.
Forty-one percent of those surveyed said they have made up their minds, and 38 percent said they have a “strong preference” for one of the candidates but remain open to persuasion. Only 11 percent said they have a “slight preference” in the race, and 10 percent said they're undecided.
Clinton's lead in Iowa is down from its high point over the summer, but she has consistently outpaced Sanders even as he has attracted crowds of thousands on the campaign trail and cut into her poll numbers elsewhere.
Sanders's best chance to win an early primary contest appears to be in New Hampshire, where he and Clinton are essentially tied in the polls.
The Monmouth University poll of 405 likely Democratic caucusgoers in Iowa was conducted Dec. 3–6 and has a 4.9 percentage point margin of error.
From consumer health sites like ZocDoc and Vitals, to ratings agencies like Consumer Reports, consumers have plenty of options when it comes to finding reviews about doctors, hospitals, health plans and medication. But while reviews and ratings are beginning to help guide patients' decisions and give providers feedback, a report out this week from PricewaterhouseCoopers shows that most people aren't taking their medicine.
According to the report, 48 percent of the 1,000 individuals surveyed (who represent the U.S. demographic population) said that they read health care reviews online, while just 24 percent have written a review. Of those that have read reviews, 68 percent said that they used them to choose where to get health care.
Advertisement
It's worth noting that those numbers are much higher than ones released by the Pew Internet & American Life Project in a report earlier this year. According to Pew, just one in five Americans have consulted online reviews for treatments or drugs, doctors, or other providers. And just three to four percent have posted reviews of their own.
The PwC report included reviews for health plans, which the Pew report didn't, and PwC asked more specific questions about a wider set of health review sources, which could have partly contributed to the difference in their findings.
But both reports point out that despite consumers' willingness to use reviews to guide other big purchasing decision (Pew says 8 in 10 Internet users consult reviews), they generally don't bring that same approach to health care.
According to PwC, some of the reasons for the slow uptake include:
Too many options – Consumers may find it too difficult to sift through all the various sites and may not know how to identify the most accurate information.
– Consumers may find it too difficult to sift through all the various sites and may not know how to identify the most accurate information. Personal relationships trump individual reviews – Research has shown that when it comes to relationships with advisors, like doctors and financial advisors, people weigh trust over reviews.
– Research has shown that when it comes to relationships with advisors, like doctors and financial advisors, people weigh trust over reviews. The perception that they don't have a choice – Potentially because of the complexity of the health care system and the recognition that health plans can limit their options, many consumers don't believe that they have the ability to choose their hospitals. But as consumers shift to high-deductible plans, that perception is changing — and as they begin to enroll in state health exchange this fall, it will change even more, the report said.
– Potentially because of the complexity of the health care system and the recognition that health plans can limit their options, many consumers don't believe that they have the ability to choose their hospitals. But as consumers shift to high-deductible plans, that perception is changing — and as they begin to enroll in state health exchange this fall, it will change even more, the report said. Few trusted sources – Consumer Reports topped the PwC's list of sources for health care reviews but, for the most part, patients don't know where to turn for the most reliable information.
Choosing which doctor to see for a chronic condition or which hospital to use for a serious procedure are obviously far more complicated decisions than picking a restaurant for dinner or a new television for your living room. So it's understandable that people may be more reticent to use health care reviews and ratings.
But as consumers continue to play a bigger role in health care decisions, they will need more transparency and information about services and providers, as well as better mechanisms for getting their voices heard. As ratings and reviews in health care mature, they'll need to adapt to fit the industry — for example, PwC recommends giving patients the option to search by “patients like me” or providing customer service representatives to help consumers navigate through information and make decisions.
At last, he speaks.
Sure, Dan Harmon has chimed in here and there about the sacrilege that was Season 4 of Community, joking that he'd like to supply audio commentary for the DVD special features. But up until now, even following the announcement that the sitcom's creator had been brought back to run the show for its upcoming fifth year, we haven't heard much Harmon himself. It's not that he had nothing to say — far from it.
In fact, we think he's just been taking time to assemble his words delicately. To articulate with the utmost sophistication his feelings on the quality of the show under the reign of replacement show runners David Guarascio and Moses Port.
And thus, we have this poetry: “It's like flipping through Instagrams and watching your girlfriend just blow a million [other guys].” Oh Harmon. How we missed you.
Even under Harmon's reign, we're apprehensive about a fifth season of the show, but we take odd comfort in one simple fact: so is he. The ingenious writer expressed his qualms with Season 4, his worries about Season 5, and a few diatribes in gratitude of his father during the latest episode of his L.A.-based public podcast, Harmontown. Check it out below:
Harmon jumped right in with hooks embedded in the subject of Guarascio and Port's Community, stating, “I watched season four,” before a long, louder-than-words pause. The writer would go on to admonish the antic as “obviously not somebody does what they do and trying very hard to make people happy. It is very much like an impression, and an unflattering one,” spawned admittedly from “the most admirable kind of impulse.”
From Harmon's perspective, Guarascio and Port were just two guys who “went to Comic-Con, saw what was going on: people dressed as spacemen and bananas and shit; people going, ‘Holy shit, I cut myself every night and watch Community,' … [and] tried their best.” But of course, what came was little more than a handful of hokey film and TV references.
One Season 4 episode to which Harmon took particular offense was the introduction of Jeff's father (played by James Brolin), a character who he always envisioned with the casting of Bill Murray in mind. Suggesting that it was not only the casting but the machinations of the storyline that perturbed him, Harmon likened the ordeal to “being held down and watching your family get raped on a beach.” Again, poetry.
Of course, we hope for majesty from Season 5, even with our reservations. “I don't feel confident in my ability to slam dunk anything,” Harmon said. “The basket is always going to be one inch higher than I can jump.” Still, Harmon assured the masses that we will “feel my love and kisses, but it won't be in the form of a f**king Matrix spoof.” Are we ready to believe that the dark cloud of Season 4 can be eradicated completely? Perhaps not. But listening to Harmon chatter on passionately for an hour gives us faith. Our Community is coming back.
Follow Michael Arbeiter on Twitter @MichaelArbeiter | Follow hollywood.com on Twitter @hollywood_com
More:
Dan Harmon Officially Returning!
Can Dan Harmon's Return Save ‘Community'?
‘Community Renewed for Season 5
From Our Partners:
Zoe Saldana Strips Down For Magazine (Celebuzz)
33 Child Stars: Where Are They Now? (Celebuzz)
The Delhi Police has busted a gang of inter-state cheats who allegedly cheated dance troupes by posing as film directors and producers. The three accused cheated people in different states by checking in at high-end hotels, conducting fake recruitment interviews of dancers and then fleeing from the scene with valuables of the aspirants. The group did not even pay the hotel bills.
The accused, identified as Madan Sharma, Dinesh Arora and Naushad, have repeated the same modus-operandi in Jalandhar, Panipat, Jaipur, Gwalior, Agra, Noida and several times in the Capital.
The accused were traced when they used a stolen SIM card to book another hotel in Pitampura and were on their way to another commit another fraud. But the police caught up with the accused at the spot earlier this week.
The police began investigating the case when a general manager of Hotel Corus in the city, filed a complaint that a group of people posing as Bollywood directors and producers stayed in the hotel and fled without paying the bills.
“They had told the hotel staff that Raj Babar, Anupam Kher and Mika Singh will visit them in the hotel and they shall invite a dance troupe for auditions. But when the dancers came, the fraudsters asked them to keep their valuables and later fled with all that,” said deputy commissioner of police SBS Tyagi.
After the accused were arrested from Pitampura, CCTV footages at Hotel Corus confirmed that the same group had come to the hotel as well.
Police recovered five laptops, 40 mobile phones, 13 SIM cards, keys of the 11 hotels, 10 PAN cards, 10 voter ID cards, 11 driving licences, seven Aadhar cards and 22 debit cards from the accused. “They are involved in 11 cases of cheating and we expect more complaints,” Tyagi added.
Multinational media group News Corp. has started making preparations to auction off consumer-facing game network IGN Entertainment after failing to find a buyer for the division last year.News Corp. reportedly tried to offload IGN and its affiliate websites in 2011, but since those efforts didn't pan out, the corporation has partnered with investment bank Allen & Co. to auction off the division, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal Sources close to the matter say that IGN is expected to pull in around $100 million in the sale � far below the $650 million News Corp. paid to acquire the network in 2005.Over the past year, News Corp. has been working to expand the IGN network in order to prepare for the upcoming spinoff. In May 2011, IGN purchased Hearst Corporation's UGO Entertainment , the parent company to UGO.com and 1UP.com. The IGN network also includes websites such as IGN.com, AskMen.com GameSpy.com, and more.While the formal sales process is just getting started, sources claim that a number of companies including Break Media and SAY Media have already expressed interest in purchasing the IGN network.Of course, IGN isn't the only subsidiary News Corp. has decided to drop of late. In 2011 the company sold off the online social network MySpace for $35 million, after paying some $580 million for the website back in 2005.
Paying asylum seekers to return home 'standard practice' for 10 years, Scott Morrison says
Updated
Paying asylum seekers who return home voluntarily has been standard practice for more than 10 years, the Federal Government says, amid reports some are being offered as much as $10,000 to return to their country of origin.
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison has refused to confirm individual dollar figures, saying they are determined on a case-by-case basis.
Fairfax Media is reporting Lebanese asylum seekers have been given $10,000 to leave Australia's offshore processing centres on Manus Island and Nauru and return home.
The reports say "return packages" for Iranians amount to $7,000, while Afghans are offered $4,000.
The Government says 283 asylum seekers have voluntarily returned to their home countries since Operation Sovereign Borders commenced last September.
"It has been the standard practice for more than a decade for settlement packages to be offered to those who voluntarily return home," Mr Morrison said.
"The packages are tailored individually to each and every person who decided to voluntarily return home."
Mr Morrison says the minimum payment is "obviously" zero, but will not confirm what the maximum payment is.
"The packages range [in terms of] value and it's not just in terms of any financial element, but also training, support and other issues to assist people to get on their feet when they return," he said.
The Opposition says the Government should focus on processing asylum seekers in detention, instead of offering them money to leave before their claims are assessed.
"We don't need blank cheques, we need people being processed," Opposition immigration spokesman Richard Marles said.
"I would remind you that when Scott Morrison was in opposition, he opposed Labor's own reintegration packages and now he is offering sums which are triple the amount.
"In opposition Scott Morrison opposed the PNG arrangement and now it forms the heart of his own strategy.
"There is no bridge of hypocrisy that Scott Morrison will not cross."
Greens leader Christine Milne says the payments are wrong because returning asylum seekers could face persecution.
"The idea that you would put people in a hellhole like Manus Island, treat them abysmally and then try to bribe them to go back to the appalling circumstances they left shows just how morally bankrupt this Government is," she said.
"[Paying] people to go back to torture, to abuse, is disgraceful. There's no way you could describe this as voluntary."
Protection visa cap struck down by High Court
It came a day after the High Court struck down a law which allowed the Government to cap the number of protection visas it issues for refugees in Australia.
The ruling followed separate applications to the court from two asylum seekers - an Ethiopian boy and a Pakistani man - who were found to be refugees but denied protection visas because of the cap.
Mr Morrison capped the number of protection visas granted in the financial year at 2,773 after the Senate blocked the Government's re-introduction of temporary protection visas.
The High Court found the Minister did not have the power to limit the number of visas issued within a specific financial year.
The court has ordered Mr Morrison reconsider the asylum seekers' applications for protection.
Mr Morrison says the Government can do that while maintaining its policy stance, but he is refusing to say how.
"The decision of the court is respected and we'll act in accordance with the decision of the court but what we won't do is provide permanent visas to people who arrived illegally by boat," he said.
"There is no change on that front, the Government has contingency measures and we'll be pursuing them."
Mr Marles says the decision has left the Government's policy in shambles.
"The Government stubbornly acted with petulance in its policy of closing up shop and that has been repudiated by the High Court and Scott Morrison's policy is in disarray," he said.
Meanwhile, the number of people forcibly displaced worldwide has passed 51 million, the UN's High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) revealed this week, the highest level since World War Two.
The UNHCR said there are 6 million more refugees than last year, primarily due to escalating crises in Syria and multiple parts of Africa.
Worldwide, nearly 17 million people are refugees, more than 1 million have open asylum applications and a record 33.3 million people are internally displaced.
Topics: refugees, immigration, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
When have TV aliens been more popular than magic? Do shows featuring time travel fare better than those about space exploration? We chart the popularity of television's most common themes, and see how scifi television has changed since 1970.
We looked at over 300 science fiction and fantasy television shows from 1970, the year after the original Star Trek series ended, to the present. In this chart, we list a few of the most iconic shows, but those are just a sampling of the hundreds we surveyed.
Advertisement
Then we looked at which shows on the air in any given year featured any one of the most common science-fiction themes: aliens, space travel, robots, time travel, and magic.
(Shows that contain multiple themes were counted once in each category, so Star Trek: The Next Generation would add one point each to aliens, space travel, robots and time travel.)
Advertisement
One thing the graph tells us is that the popularity of the different themes are increasingly linked as time goes on. Space travel and aliens are closely linked throughout the graph, since shows about space travel almost always include aliens, but as the graph transitions from the 1970s into the 1980s, shows with robots are increasingly linked to shows with aliens. This is in part because the more recent shows featuring robots and more recent shows featuring aliens are more likely to be one and the same, whereas in the 1970s, shows like Batman and The Bionic Woman would feature artificial intelligence but not extraterrestrials.
But it's interesting to note the way magic trends as well. In 1970, the gap between shows featuring magic and shows featuring more science-based themes is fairly wide, which may be related to the relative cost of producing the different types of shows; Captain Kirk required pricey sets and a makeup crew while Samantha Stevens just needed a film editor and the ability to wiggle her nose. But as audience expectations for shows involving magic become analogous to their expectations for science fiction shows, magic's peaks and valleys start to correspond to those of other themes, though supernatural shows may be a bit more resilient to overall drops in television spending.
The time-travel line is especially interesting, less for what it indicates about the popularity of time travel than for what it says about the variety of stories being told. Although time travel is sometimes the focus of a show (as in Quantum Leap or Seven Days), it more frequently appears in a handful of episodes of a show that tells a diverse set of science fiction or fantasy stories. Shows like the various Star Trek series, Lois and Clark, and even Xena features the occasional obligatory time travel episode.
Advertisement
But the graph's most striking feature is the boom all the themes apparently experienced in the 1990s, and which now seems to be on the decline. It seems to suggest a huge investment in genre television shows (and perhaps in television in general) that we simply aren't seeing any more.
Interestingly, space travel shows were the first to go as circumstances changed, and although shows about managed to hang on longer, they, too are on their way out. Does this indicate that science fiction and fantasy shows are on the decline? Or does it represent a shift to less expensive, near-future science fiction with different speculative priorities, shows like Dollhouse, Chuck, and Fringe?
Here is a full list of all the shows we surveyed to create this chart.
Graph by Steph Fox and additional reporting by Alexis Brown.
The United States Department of Defense paid the National Football League more than $5 million in taxpayer money between 2011 to 2014 to honor U.S. soldiers and veterans at games, an investigation revealed this week.
Nearly $5.4 million was given to 14 NFL teams across the country, the bulk of which ($5.3 million) was supplied by the National Guard and the rest paid by the Army and Air Force, according to government records obtained by NJ.com.
But instead of purely heartfelt salutes to soldiers from hometown football teams, the halftime segments were reportedly part of paid promotions under federal advertising contracts for the military.
Earlier this week, U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) called out the spending as an “egregious and unnecessary waste of taxpayer dollars.”
“Those of us go to sporting events and see them honoring the heroes; you get a good feeling in your heart,” Sen. Flake told NJ.com. “Then to find out they're doing it because they're compensated for it, it leaves you underwhelmed. It seems a little unseemly.”
In New Jersey, the Defense Department and the New Jersey Army National Guard paid the New York Jets a total of $377,000 during the four-year period, according to the federal contracts.
The team's agreement included money for a Hometown Heroes segment to salute soldiers on the stadium's Jumbotron at the team's home games and also tickets for the soldiers and their friends in box seats.
The investigation revealed the Atlanta Falcons collected just over a million dollars, the most cash for any team, and the Green Bay Packers received the single largest payment of $400,000.
“They realize the public believes they're doing it as a public service or a sense of patriotism,” Sen. Flake said. “It leaves a bad taste in your mouth.”
The rest of the teams paid by the federal government were the Baltimore Ravens, Buffalo Bills, Cincinnati Bengals, Cleveland Browns, Dallas Cowboys, Indianapolis Colts, Kansas City Chiefs, Miami Dolphins, Minnesota Vikings, Pittsburgh Steelers and St. Louis Rams.
See a a full list of NFL teams that have received taxpayer money from the military for similar arrangements.
The National Guard has defended the advertisements, saying they are an effective recruitment tool for the service.
“Promoting and increasing the public's understanding and appreciation of military service in the New Jersey Army National Guard increases the propensity for service in our ranks and garners public support for our Hometown Team,” Patrick Daugherty, a spokesman for the Guard said.
City schools' elementary hoops policy changed
Does effort create a Catch-22 for boys, girls?
If a young girl wanted to play basketball in the Pittsburgh Public Schools last season, she didn't have many options.
Only two schools had a K-5 girls' team. Other schools invited girls to play on co-ed teams in a male-dominated 16-team league against boys' teams. And at some schools, no girls played basketball.
Now, K-5 boys and girls will be split as the district revamps its program to remedy years of "Title IX equity issues," or unequal opportunities for girls.
But there's a twist.
If a school can't field enough players for both a boy' and a girls' team, neither team will be allowed to compete in the eight-game season that begins in January.
The district says the new rule is intended to force schools to make more vigorous efforts to recruit girls and offer equal opportunities.
One person familiar with Title IX issues says the all-or-nothing approach could potentially limit opportunities and do the opposite of the federal law's intention to provide gender equality.
Peg Pennepacker, the Title IX consultant for the Pennsylvania State Athletic Directors Association Executive Council and an athletic director for the State College Area School District, said by not allowing a team of boys to play basketball because the school's girls' team doesn't have enough players, the district is "hamstringing" the boys' participation.
"I think doing it this way puts a bad spin on the law," said Ms. Pennepacker, who has a Title IX high school consulting business and was hired by the Pittsburgh district in 2008 to conduct a voluntary audit of its high schools. "The law was never put in place to take opportunities away from another group; it was to provide opportunities for another group."
Title IX is 1972 federal law that bans sex discrimination in schools receiving federal funds. When applied to athletics, schools must demonstrate one of three criteria: that the ratio of athletic opportunities for each sex is equal to that of the student population; that the school can show it has been expanding sports opportunities for females; that it fully accommodates the athletic interests and abilities of all students.
The change to the K-5 basketball program, which is offered to fourth- and fifth-graders, is in response to a complaint from a fifth-grader on the girls' basketball team of Pittsburgh Linden K-5 in Point Breeze.
Only after the curfew in Watertown, Massachusetts, was lifted and alert resident David Hanberry went outside his home to get a smoke, according to news reports, did the case of the Boston Marathon bombing manhunt for suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev crack open. That was when Hanberry saw blood on the tarp of his dry-docked boat and called the police.
Up until that time, a wide assortment of local, state, and federal officials were engaged in a dragnet that essentially shut down the city of Boston, and included house-to-house searches in the neighborhoods of Watertown, Mass. and New Bedford, Mass., the latter being near where 19-year-old Russian immigrant Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had enrolled in college. Tsarnaev, a Muslim from the Dagestan area of Russia that abuts Chechnya, became a U.S. citizen on September 11 of last year.
In essence, the lessons from the Boston Marathon mean that the following procedures employed in the week-long manhunt proved to be completely ineffective in apprehending Tsarnaev:
• House-to-house searches in a dragnet-style;
• Use of military-style helicopters across the state;
• Use of tanks and armored vehicles on the streets of Boston, Cambridge, Watertown, and New Bedford;
• Shutting down the city, except for limited coffee shops;
• Stopping all public transportation;
• Banning taxi service across the city of Boston; and
• Abandoning the federal Posse Comitatus law banning the use of soldiers in law enforcement.
Moreover, the use of curfews in a number of towns actually likely delayed apprehension of the suspect, as the curfew essentially took more than a million pairs of eyes off possible getaway scenes.
Veteran police investigators have traditionally rejected the dragnet because they see it as a waste of police resources, but in the post-bombing panic, politicians demanded that police on the beat appear to be doing everything they could to solve the crisis. In this case, that appearance included a curfew that amounted to searching and hassling people who were clearly not in cahoots with the bombing suspects. Police detained and searched anyone on the streets of Boston and Watertown, even searching famous local news reporters multiple times during the course of the manhunt. In some instances, news reporters received death threats from over-zealous police officers.
In the end, if the goal of the terrorists was to terrorize, the terrorists won in Boston. Rather than returning to its ordinary business, one of the world's greatest cities was terrorized, and even shut down, for days by the two suspects identified by authorities as Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his older (deceased) brother Tamerlan. The two presumably hated America for its freedom, and were able to get the government to take away much of those freedoms from its citizens for a period of time.
The scare even led to a humorous over-reaction in Bridgewater, a college town where a “suspicious” backpack forced the evacuation of part of Bridgewater University. The Navy bomb disposal team arrived to find the backpack full of beer, according to the Brockton, Mass.-based Enterprise newspaper. The newspaper story did not record how police disposed of the “suspicious package.”
The reaction of Massachusetts's state and federal officials to the Boston Marathon bombings — two black powder bombs with nails and ball bearings that killed three people — can be contrasted with the wave of 125 nearly identical bombings, technologically speaking, that took place across America in major U.S. cities during the 1917-20 "Red Scare." The differences are that many more were killed 100 years ago, top U.S. government officials were targeted (including the U.S. Attorney General and judges) back then, and the federal government did not shut down entire cities. Although the period is known as the "Red Scare," the genuine security threat was greater than the threat authorities responded to in Boston. And with the exception of a set of warrantless searches by the Justice Department's Bureau of Investigation (later the FBI) under J. Edgar Hoover, the public's liberties were respected.
And as if the attacks on civil liberties during the current Boston manhunt weren't sufficient offense against the Bill of Rights, South Carolina Republican Senator Lindsay Graham has called on denying Dzhokhar Tsarnaev — a U.S. citizen — all his rights under the U.S. Constitution. On the evening of Tsarnaev's arrest, Graham tweeted the following remarks:
• “If captured, I hope Administration will at least consider holding the Boston suspect as enemy combatant for intelligence gathering purposes.”
• “The Law of War allows us to hold individual in this scenario as potential enemy combatant w/o Miranda warnings or appointment of counsel.”
• “Under the Law of War we can hold #Boston suspect as a potential enemy combatant not entitled to Miranda warnings or appointment of counsel.”
Graham later tweeted a partial retraction, claiming: “As to any future trial, if this suspect is an American citizen, he is NOT subject to military commission trial. #Boston.”
However, that trial could (and probably should) be indefinitely delayed, according to Graham and Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.). The two issued a joint statement on April 20, arguing: “We hope the Obama Administration will consider the enemy combatant option because it is allowed by national security statutes and U.S. Supreme Court decisions.”
Photo of police performing a house-to-house search in Watertown, Mass., in the Greater Boston area: AP Images
MIAMI - Jobless dwarfs should have the option of being flung around a barroom for cash rather than standing in the unemployment line, according to one Florida state lawmaker.
Representative Ritch Workman has introduced a bill to undo a ban on “dwarf-tossing'' as part of what he says is his mission to repeal overreaching and outdated laws. Although the dwarf-tossing measure is not a “jobs bill,'' the Republican said, it may put a few people to work in a state where unemployment is 1.6 percentage points above the US average.
Dwarf-tossing, a competition in which bar patrons see how far they can throw little people in protective gear, was banned in Florida in 1989 after opponents complained that it was dangerous and dehumanizing.
While Workman, a mortgage broker, agrees that the practice is “offensive'' and “stupid,'' he thinks the ban keeps willing projectiles from gainful employment. “If this is a job they want and people would pay to see it or participate in it, why in the world would we prohibit it?'' Workman said.
A spokeswoman for Republican Governor Rick Scott said in an e-mail his office had not reviewed the bill.
Carolyn Fiddler, a spokeswoman for the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, said that the bill highlights Republicans' lack of understanding of what drives employment growth.
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company.
One of the less convincing critiques of the US presidential election campaign, which winds up on Tuesday, is that there has not been much to choose between the incumbent, President Obama, and his challenger, Mitt Romney.
The reality is very different. Instead, a stark choice exists. One can only judge a candidate on his past record and on what he has pledged to do in the future. Romney has said and done a lot of things, many contradictory, some deliberately so. It has been very hard to know during the campaign which Romney is real: the man who backed the precursor of Obamacare when he was governor or the candidate who suggested to donors that almost half of Americans were welfare beneficiaries beyond his political reach? Is he the centrist Republican of the first presidential debate or the man who insisted during the primaries he was "severely conservative"?
Doubts about Romney have accrued not only from his ever shifting politics but also from a wider sense of flakiness. His economic policies have a touch of the fantastic. Romney would enact large tax cuts, reducing revenue, while increasing defence spending sharply, but also arguing he would eat into the deficit by spending cuts alone.
On foreign policy too, Romney represents a return to the disastrous years of George W Bush – threatening confrontation with China by saying he would list it as a currency manipulator, while making bellicose noises about conflict with Iran.
On the other side of the balance sheet, what is there to say about Obama? Few would disagree that America's first black president, who was once able to inspire with his oratory, has lost some of his lustre. The messages of hope and change ran aground in the midst of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, exacerbated both by the parlous state of the economy he inherited from his predecessor and by the two huge costly wars he was obliged to fight.
If he has not transformed America in the way that many might have hoped, he has at least mitigated some of the pain while moving to bring to an end one of the US's greatest iniquities, its shocking inequality in affordable healthcare provision. Through the car manufacturers' bailout, his insistence on stress testing of banks and through carefully targeted stimuli, he ensured that the US now appears to be emerging from financial crisis with modest growth and a rise in employment figures even as those European governments that pursued a strategy of austerity are at very best bumping along the bottom. Obama steered a course between the left of his own party, who were advocating for populist but risky measures, and Republican obstructionism.
On foreign policy, the Obama doctrine has been a mixed bag. He strictly limited US involvement in the most significant military adventure launched under his watch, in Libya, and has resisted Israeli pressure for military strikes against Iran. On the Arab Spring, he has preferred by and large to keep a watching brief and avoided an overt entanglement in Syria. After the war in Iraq, launched on a false pretence, and the mishandling of Afghanistan by Bush, this caution should be seen as positive.
But while Obama may have brought an end to some of the human rights abuses of the Bush era, he has failed either to close Guantánamo Bay, as he promised, or moved to end the immunity of Bush-era officials implicated in abuses.
On climate change too, Obama has been disappointing, not least on the campaign trail. In 2008, speaking at the Clinton Global Initiative, he insisted: "No single issue sits at the crossroads of as many currents as energy. This is a security threat, an economic albatross and a moral challenge of our time."
Whoever is elected will face a new presidential term marked by considerable challenges. While the US is recovering from recession it remains weak and would be vulnerable to a number of factors, including a war in the Gulf over Iran disrupting oil supplies, China falling into recession itself or a further worsening of the eurozone crisis.
He will also have to engage quickly with the "fiscal cliff", due at the year's end, when temporary payroll tax cuts are due to come to an end, which promises a tough choice between sharp tax increases for ordinary Americans that would threaten the recovery (but cut the deficit) or an extension of the tax cuts and a consequent increase in the deficit, an issue fraught with political strife.
On the wider stage, the war in Syria is sucking in its neighbours, producing growing instability and, for all Obama's alleged commitment to negotiated solutions, he appears unable to engage Assad's main backer, Russia. The proposed draw down of the majority of US troops in Afghanistan by 2014 and the continuing tensions in Pakistan threaten another crisis.
Despite all of these caveats, the candidate best equipped for the challenging period ahead is Barack Obama. While his campaign has hardly been inspiring, he remains a thoughtful figure who has taken his responsibilities with a seriousness absent from the Bush years. He has brought a new dignity to the White House and while there remain many who are still opposed to him simply for the colour of his skin, for many others he has achieved the remarkable by making it seem unremarkable that the president of the United States is a black man.
His response to hurricane Sandy, praised by both the independent mayor of New York, Michael Bloomberg, and the Republican New Jersey governor, Chris Christie, was a belated reminder that there is a wider middle ground in US politics than the recent period of partisan disputes has often led us to believe.
In the coming months, it will not be solely the new president's responsibility to confront the challenges facing the US and the world but all of those involved in the US political process. Any chance for healing and consensus after the elections should be grasped by all sides. This election offers an opportunity for a fresh start for US politics itself. It should not be squandered.
An international team of astronomers has discovered that the supermassive black hole at the centre of our galaxy might be a source of mysterious high-energy cosmic rays that bombard the Earth on a daily basis.
The discovery, reported in Nature, brings new answers to one of astronomy's most longstanding mysteries.
Back to the source
In 1912 Victor Hess found that the Earth was being bombarded by subatomic particles travelling at tremendous speeds that originated from outer space. He called the particles “cosmic rays”. But the origin of these high energy particles has remained a mystery for more than 100 years.
“How cosmic rays are created and accelerated at very high energies is the big question astronomers are trying to understand,” said Associate Professor Gavin Rowell, an astrophysicist from the University of Adelaide, who was involved in the Nature study.
One theory was that cosmic rays are produced during supernova explosions. These create “remnants” that accelerate the sub-atomic particles to near the speed of light.
Additionally, because the particles are electrically charged, any magnetic field in space will change their direction. That means it's difficult to determine their origin once they strike our atmosphere.
In this study, the researchers used the High Energy Spectroscopic System (HESS) telescopes in Namibia to look for the very fast flashes of light created when cosmic rays collide with the Earth's atmosphere.
Using this data, the researchers were able to estimate the direction of the cosmic ray, and found it pointed back towards the centre of our galaxy.
This coincides with the location of what is believed to be a supermassive black hole, with a mass of 4 to 5 million solar masses. The HESS team suggest that the huge gravitational force exerted by the tremendous mass of the black hole was able to accelerate the particles to their incredibly high velocities.
“This result adds a new dimension in cosmic rays, and how the cosmic rays our galaxy is producing could also come from this massive central black hole,” Rowell said.
Dr Mark A Garlick/ HESS Collaboration, Author provided
Cosmic Cluedo
Professor Geraint Lewis, an astrophysicist at the University of Sydney, emphasised that the study also makes us aware that the universe can do things that far outstrip what we are capable of here on Earth. However, our understanding of cosmic rays is still far from complete.
He mentioned that the biggest question is explaining the precise cause of the particle acceleration.
“It is like a game of Cluedo: they've tied down what they think is the site of the murder, but now they are trying to locate the weapon,” he told The Conversation.
What it does tells us is that the cosmos can accelerate particles to velocities that far exceeds what we are capable doing on Earth.
“These particle accelerators in outer space put the Large Hadron Collider in the shade,” he said.
Buy Photo Senator Bernie Sanders speaks to a crowd during the Dearborn Stronger Together Rally on Thursday October 6, 2016 at the UAW Local 600 in Dearborn. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
With the election fewer than five weeks away, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said Nov. 8 is not about Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton.
“This campaign is not a personality contest. We're not voting for class president of our high school. We are fighting. And what this campaign is about is the survival of the middle class,” he told a crowd of about 500 people at a UAW hall in Dearborn on Thursday. “This campaign is not about Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. It is about you, and your family, and your kids.”
And even though he waged a heated battle with Clinton during the presidential primary season, Sanders said that Clinton is the person who will fight for the middle class, not Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
►Related: Clinton retakes 11-point lead over Trump in Michigan, poll shows
►Related: Watch Sunday's presidential debate with us at Park Bar
“In one day, Donald Trump did more than I did in a year to tell the American people how corrupt the political system is. How corrupt our tax system is, how rigged our economy is. In one day, we learned that this multibillionaire, who owns mansions all over the world … does not pay a nickel in federal income tax, and he's proud of that. He thinks we can just stiff the middle class.
“We've got a message for Mr. Trump and the other billionaires: Hillary Clinton is going to be elected president, and they're all going to start paying their fair share,” Sanders said.
Buy Photo People walk in to hear Senator Bernie Sanders speak during the Dearborn Stronger Together Rally on Thursday October 6, 2016 at the UAW Local 600 in Dearborn. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)
Seven months after his presidential primary election win over Clinton in Michigan, Sanders returned to campaign for her in Dearborn, Ann Arbor, East Lansing and Grand Rapids.
His 49%-48% win over Clinton in the March 8 primary was at odds with polls leading up to the election that showed Clinton with a lead ranging from 13 to 37 percentage points. Pollsters underestimated the enthusiasm for Sanders, especially among young voters.
And those are the voters that Clinton is struggling to attract to her campaign. Sanders' visit, which included stops at the Museum of Art at University of Michigan, Adams Field at Michigan State University and Central High School in Grand Rapids, was partially geared toward encouraging young voters to cast their ballot for Clinton.
At U-M and MSU, Sanders told students that he'll continue to push for his plan for free tuition at public colleges and universities. Clinton's plan would make college more affordable for lower-income families. He also tried to remind the students of why they supported him and said they should transfer that loyalty to Clinton.
“We have come a long way in fighting racism, sexism, homophobia. But today, we have one huge struggle in front of us, and that is the economic struggle," he said at MSU. "And that means that we should not be living in a nation which has more wealth and income inequality than any other major country on Earth.”
►Related: Let us help you register to vote
The events in Michigan also were about swaying the union voters that Trump has been trying to woo with anti-trade talk. Cindy Estrada, vice president of the UAW, said she'd vote for Clinton, even though she was a staunch supporter of Sanders in the primary.
“He did the right thing. He endorsed Hillary Clinton and said even on her worst day, she's better than Trump on his best day,” Estrada said, adding that Sanders made sure opposition to the Trans Pacific Partnership was on the Democratic agenda, along with fixing trade deals, support for public education, tuition-free college and the environment.
“To honor Bernie Sander is not by voting for Jill Stein or any other third-party candidate,” she said. “We have to make sure they uphold our progressive agenda.”
Sanders said that Clinton will fight for labor, raising the minimum wage and making sure women get equal pay for equal work, and that Democrats would never try to make it harder for people to vote.
“It has never occurred to me, that I would try to stop people who might be voting against me. People who do that are political cowards; they don't have the guts to stand on their ideas,” he said. “The only way to win elections is to make it harder for poor people and people of color to participate in the political process. But if you can't stand on your ideas, you've got to keep people from voting because they're going to vote against you. You should get out of politics and get another job.”
In an interview with the Free Press before his speech in Dearborn, Sanders said that even though a portion of his supporters don't support Clinton, he expects many will get to that point by Nov. 8 and that the third party candidates ultimately will not be a factor in the race.
Sanders' visit came as the Clinton campaign announced that the former secretary of state will return to Michigan on Monday for a fund-raiser and rally in Detroit. The last time she was in Michigan was Aug. 11, when she gave a speech on jobs and the economy in Warren.
Trump has been back to the state five times since the Republican National Convention in mid-July, including for fund-raisers in Grand Rapids and Detroit and rally in Novi last week.
Michigan Republican Party Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel said supporters of Sanders shouldn't trust Clinton to work for them, especially after recordings surfaced from a private fund-raiser where Clinton said Sanders' young supporters of Sanders' were probably living in their parents' basements and working as baristas.
“Those struggling under the Clinton and Obama economy shouldn't be putting their support behind a candidate who doesn't respect them and continues to push for the status quo," she said in a statement. "They want someone who will make our government work for them, and given her 30 years in politics and disdain for millions of Americans, Hillary Clinton is not that person.”
Ken Palmer of the Lansing State Journal contributed to this report. Contact Kathleen Gray: kgray99@freepress.com or on Twitter @michpoligal
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2dNYyfn
The Presidential Election is on Tuesday, November 3, 2020. The 2016 Presidential Election View results from the 2016 Presidential Election Results from the 2016 Presidential Election will be posted as they become available. Summary of Key Dates for the 2016 Presidential Election
June through October 2016 The Office of the Federal Register, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, prepares Electoral College instructional materials for the Archivist to send to the governors of the 50 States and the mayor of the District of Columbia. The materials include: a letter from the Archivist—view a sample letter
detailed procedural instructions and a checklist outlining the State's responsibilities
and a checklist outlining the State's responsibilities a timeline of key dates for the Electoral College
for the Electoral College a pamphlet highlighting the Presidential Election provisions in the Constitution and Federal Law Under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, the District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College. For this reason, in the following discussion, the word “state” also refers to the District of Columbia and the word “governor” also refers to the Mayor of the District of Columbia. November 8, 2016—Election Day Registered voters cast their votes for President and Vice President. By doing so, they also help choose the electors who will represent their state in the Electoral College. Mid-November through December 19, 2016 After the presidential election, the governor of your state prepares seven Certificates of Ascertainment. “As soon as practicable,” after the election results in your state are certified, the governor sends one of the Certificates of Ascertainment to the Archivist. Certificates of Ascertainment should be sent to the Archivist no later than the meeting of the electors in December. However, federal law sets no penalty for missing the deadline. The remaining six Certificates of Ascertainment are held for use at the meeting of the Electors in December. December 13, 2016 States must make final decisions in any controversies over the appointment of their electors at least six days before the meeting of the Electors. This is so their electoral votes will be presumed valid when presented to Congress. Decisions by states' courts are conclusive, if decided under laws enacted before Election Day. December 19, 2016 The Electors meet in their state and vote for President and Vice President on separate ballots. The electors record their votes on six “Certificates of Vote,” which are paired with the six remaining Certificates of Ascertainment. The electors sign, seal, and certify six sets of electoral votes. A set of electoral votes consists of one Certificate of Ascertainment and one Certificate of Vote. These are distributed immediately as follows: one set to the President of the Senate (the Vice President) for the official count of the electoral votes in January ;
two packages to the Secretary of State in the state where the electors met—one is an archival set that becomes part of the public record of the Secretary of State's office and the other is a reserve set that is subject to the call of the President of the Senate to replace missing or incomplete electoral votes;
two packages to the Archivist—one is an archival set that becomes part of the permanent collection at the National Archives and Records Administration and the other is a reserve set that is subject to the call of the President of the Senate to replace missing or incomplete electoral votes; and
one set to the presiding judge in the district where the Electors met—this is also a reserve set that is subject to the call of the President of the Senate to replace missing or incomplete electoral votes. December 28, 2016 Electoral votes (the Certificates of Vote) must be received by the President of the Senate and the Archivist no later than nine days after the meeting of the electors. States face no legal penalty for failure to comply. If votes are lost or delayed, the Archivist may take extraordinary measures to retrieve duplicate originals. On or Before January 3, 2017 The Archivist and/or representatives from the Office of the Federal Register meet with the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House in late December or early January. This is, in part, a ceremonial occasion. Informal meetings may take place earlier. January 6, 2017 The Congress meets in joint session to count the electoral votes. Congress may pass a law to change this date. The Vice President, as President of the Senate, presides over the count and announces the results of the Electoral College vote. The President of the Senate then declares which persons, if any, have been elected President and Vice President of the United States. If a State submits conflicting sets of electoral votes to Congress, the two Houses acting concurrently may accept or reject the votes. If they do not concur, the votes of the electors certified by the Governor of the State on the Certificate of Ascertainment would be counted in Congress. If no Presidential candidate wins 270 or more electoral votes, a majority, the 12th Amendment to the Constitution provides for the House of Representatives to decide the Presidential election. If necessary the House would elect the President by majority vote, choosing from the three candidates who received the greatest number of electoral votes. The vote would be taken by state, with each state having one vote. If no Vice Presidential candidate wins 270 or more electoral votes, a majority, the 12th Amendment provides for the Senate to elect the Vice President. If necessary, the Senate would elect the Vice President by majority vote, choosing from the two candidates who received the greatest number of electoral votes. The vote would be taken by state, with each Senator having one vote. If any objections to the Electoral College vote are made, they must be submitted in writing and be signed by at least one member of the House and one Senator. If objections are presented, the House and Senate withdraw to their respective chambers to consider their merits under procedures set out in federal law. January 20, 2017 at Noon—Inauguration Day The President-elect takes the Oath of Office and becomes the President of the United States. General Authority The Archivist of the United States, as the head of the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), is responsible for carrying out ministerial duties on behalf of the States and the Congress under 3 U.S.C. sections 6, 11, 12, and 13. NARA is primarily responsible for coordinating the various stages of the electoral process by helping the States prepare and submit certificates that establish the appointment of electors and validate the electoral votes of each State. The Archivist delegates operational duties to the Director of the Federal Register. The Federal Register Legal Staff ensures that electoral documents are transmitted to Congress, made available to the public, and preserved as part of our nation's history. The Office of the Federal Register Legal Staff reviews the electoral certificates for the required signatures, seals and other matters of form, as specified in federal law. Only the Congress and the courts have the authority to rule on substantive legal issues. Office of the Federal Register, National Archives and Records Administration
The most common method for developers to create more space is to buy so-called air rights, or the right to build vertically, from adjacent buildings. The center suggests relaxing the city's zoning rules so that developers can buy air rights from any property owner in the same zoning district rather than limiting them to adjacent plots.
This was the strategy behind the rezoning of the High Line district, which Mr. Chakrabarti helped lead when he was the director of the Manhattan office for the Department of City Planning. Developers in that area have been able to buy air rights from property owners in the neighborhood, regardless of whether the lot was adjacent.
“I believe in the free market,” Mr. Chakrabarti said. “When there is a limited pool of buyers, owners jack up their prices. But if there is a fluid market, the price for air rights will become a more clearly defined thing. It has worked beautifully at the High Line, far beyond our wildest dreams.”
The Center for Urban Real Estate was established this fall at Columbia's Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation. In addition to Mr. Chakrabarti, the group has one full-time faculty member and a full-time researcher, and adjunct faculty also participate. It is financed by the Carnegie Corporation and the Open Society Foundations, and also receives financing from the school of architecture. The Durst Organization, which recently gave $4 million to the graduate school and its architecture library, is also financing an annual event where the center will present research.
Before he joined Columbia in 2009, Mr. Chakrabarti was an executive vice president at the Related Companies, the large developer, where he helped oversee the Hudson Yards project and the redevelopment of Moynihan Station. He still serves as a consultant to the company and continues to advise on the projects.
The Center for Urban Real Estate is also beginning work on a report, to be called NYC2040, that will examine New York's development 30 years out, including broad public policy suggestions and environmental issues. The center hopes to publish preliminary findings in the spring and release a full report in the summer.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
As for Governors Island, Mr. Chakrabarti presented some parts of the proposal at a meeting held by the Municipal Arts Society this fall. A full version of the report was unveiled last week at a daylong conference, “Zoning the City,” held by the Department of City Planning.
Mr. Chakrabarti has not yet met with city officials to push them on the LoLo proposal. He says he realizes that it is “an enormous project” that would need a lengthy environmental impact statement as well as regulatory changes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Despite these challenges, he said it would not be different from the rezoning and development of Hudson Yards and the extension of the No. 7 subway line. Both of those projects went through extensive review processes. They will also take decades to complete and will cost the city billions of dollars.
The center is proposing a 92-acre national historic district on the island, 3.9 million square feet for public buildings like schools and 270 acres of open space. The revenue generated by the development would also pay for the extension of the No. 1 and 6 subway lines to the new neighborhood and for a bridge from Red Hook in Brooklyn.
Robert Pirani, the executive director of the Governors Island Alliance, a civic coalition led by the Regional Plan Association, said he had yet to see the full plan. But when it was described to him, Mr. Pirani questioned whether a land bridge connecting Manhattan to Governors Island would spur development. “The ferry is only eight minutes from Manhattan and relatively cheap to operate,” he said. “So in my mind, the distance from Manhattan isn't the impediment to development.”
Instead, he said: “The city needs to build better infrastructure on the island, like potable water and public transit so that it can be treated like any other development site rather than an amorphous unknown. Developers want certainty, and that is the missing piece.”
The center also proposes using landfill to create barrier islands in the harbor that would help protect against storm surges, and it proposes removing the existing sea walls around Governors Island and replacing them with so-called soft edges, marshy land that scientists say can better absorb the impact of a storm.
The landfill would come from the Army Corps of Engineers, which is dredging New York Harbor to maintain and deepen shipping channels. Over the next 55 years, the corps is expected to dredge 180 million cubic yards of material, with the vast majority winding up in landfills and abandoned mines across the country.
Before the current regulations for building on top of landfill, the method was often used to expand the city's footprint, including for Battery Park City, part of which is built on the dirt from the original World Trade Center. It is a popular strategy in other cities around the world. About 250 million cubic yards of landfill was used to create the Hong Kong airport and 6.65 billion cubic yards to create land in Tokyo Bay. The Governors Island proposal is much more modest, using approximately 23 million cubic yards, according to the study.
“Vishaan is thinking globally,” said Vin Cipolla, president of the Municipal Arts Society of New York, who has seen the Governors Island proposal, “and is unabashed about looking at the kind of things that will move regions like ours forward.”
Scheduled: 15:00 CDT, 10 October 2014 to 15:00 CDT, 12 October 2014
Quake Live Duel
Date: 10-12 October 2014
Place: The Storm LAN party in Sint-Niklaas (Belgium)
Attendees: http://www.thestorm.be/attendees
Seat plan: http://www.thestorm.be/hall-layout/
Signup fee: 35€, (45€ ATD)
Rules & brackets: http://www.thestorm.be/tournaments/quake-live/
Total 220€ worth of hardware
First Place
- Be Quiet! STRAIGHT POWER 10 700W CM (PSU)
- Panda Global Protection
- Coolink Anti-Vibration-Bolts
- Coolink Chillaramic
Second Place
- Seasonic S12II-520 520 W PSU
- Noctua NA-SRC7 4-Pin Low-Noise Adaptors
Third Place
- Be Quiet! blue tooth speakers
- Coolink Anti-Vibration-Bolts
How to get there: You can find all travel information on this page.
Accomodations: You can stay at the Hotel New Flanders or sleep for free at the venue between the other BYOC players (bring a sleeping bag and/or inflatable mattress).
PassedNot enough people were interested in the event so we have decided to cancel the Quake Live TDM/CTF tournament.Thanks to those that wanted to support us.Theis the 14th LAN event organised by vzw (non-profit) Freaks At Work since 2006, hosting a healthy mix of competition and fun. We unite communities and provide a platform for fair tournaments. More information about the hosted tournaments can be found on thestorm.be . This list is not complete and can be modified in the future, depending on sign-ups, requests and sponsorships.
Defending his brother's record as president at CNN's Republican presidential debate, Jeb Bush had a simple answer: "He kept us safe."
It's an answer Jeb has given before and that conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer has cited as George W. Bush's main legacy.
But it's not true.
For one thing: The vast majority of people killed on American soil by terrorists throughout the entirety of American history were killed during George W. Bush's administration. It's not even close. And this was followed up by the deaths of an even larger number of Americans during Bush's invasion of Iraq.
It would be a bit of a stretch to say that the thousands of innocent Americans killed on 9/11 were Bush's fault, but it's certainly not to his credit that it happened during his administration, and it's mind-boggling that the Bush family thinks it deserves special credit for its success in keeping the country safe from terrorism when no other administration has presiding over an attack nearly that devastating.
Disney stockholders' happiest place on Earth is looking at their portfolios now that the company's stock is nearing it's all-time high.
The company's shares closed Tuesday at $90.09 a share, the first time that the stock had traded above $90 in more than 15 years. On Monday, shares reached $90.37, a record high for the year. Disney shares traded above $100 in the 1980's and 90's before a series of stock splits.
The studio entertainment side of the business is the primary driver of the excitement on Wall Street, boosting the company's net income with a 22 percent increase in the third fiscal quarter, which ended on June 28. During the quarter Disney posted a net income of $2.25 billion, a sharp increase from the $1.85 reported at the same time last year.
Also Read: Disney Stock Surges After Reveal of up to $8 Billion Stock Buyback
Strong performances from “Maleficent,” “Captain America: The Winter Soldier” and “Guardians of the Galaxy” are contributing to the excitement over Disney stock as well has the promise of upcoming “Star Wars” episodes from the recently acquired Lucasfilm. After crossing $1 billion at the box office in March, “Frozen” is still riding high on the home video charts. And while “Planes: Fire & Rescue” did $220 million at the box office, it's the film's toy line that will prove to be lucrative in the long run. In the first quarter of 2014, “Planes” was the third-fastest growing license behind “Despicable Me” and “Frozen,” according to NPD Research.
TheStreet's Rating Team gave Disney a score of A+, rating it as a “buy,” due to its earnings growth of 26.73 percent and an increased stock price of 38.53 percent over the past year.
Still, some Wall Street Insiders are still lukewarm on the stock, primarily due to high costs associated with programming Disney-owned ESPN.
“Incredible success of its movies at the box office helped Disney post yet another quarter of better-than-expected results wherein both the top and bottom lines registered growth of 8% and 24%, respectively,” wrote an analyst at Zack's. “All the segments with the exception of Media Networks continued to deliver double digit profits. We believe that the robust pipeline of movies and sustained growth at Parks and Resorts along with booming opportunities for Interactive segment given releases of new gaming titles will boost revenues in the upcoming quarters.”
“However,” continued the analyst, “higher sports rights as well as increased programming and production costs along with deteriorating traditional advertising revenue trends are near-term headwinds compel us to be on the sidelines. Thus, we reiterate our Neutral recommendation on the stock.”
By Éric Zemmour, from his Le Suicide français, translated by Guillaume Durocher
SOS Racisme's famous logo: “Don't touch my pal,” urging Europeans and Jews (somewhat patronizingly)
to protect their Black or Muslim “pal.”
Translator's note: It is common among American readers to suppose that although Jewish groups are quite powerful and are a critical force for immigration and multiculturalism in the U.S., this is not the case in Europe; e.g., Jews are less than 1% of the population of France.
Éric Zemmour, a Sephardic Jew as well as a prominent journalist and pundit in France, however argues that Jewish ethnic activist and/or leftist organizations have worked to undermine the traditional French nation-state. No doubt he is the “most nationalist” voice allowed in French mainstream media, all but telling people to vote for the Front National. I found his bestselling book Le Suicide français, while sometimes false or circumspect, surprisingly frank on certain issues.
Zemmour observes that “the Jewish far-left, from the Trotskyite movements to the UEJF [Jewish student union], was at the reins” of SOS Racisme, a major “anti-racist” group. In alliance with the institutional left, SOS Racisme worked to divide the right-wing vote, to politically isolate nationalist parties (above all the Front National), to censor nationalist discourse, and to hijack incipient Black/Arab movements. Zemmour argues that SOS Racisme thus “sapped the foundations of the French nation.” Zemmour's quote from the anti-nationalist Globe founded and financed by the Jewish left is particularly striking: “Of course, we are resolutely cosmopolitan. Of course, everything that is of the soil, the beret, the bourrée, Breton bagpipes, in short petty-French or chauvinistic, is foreign or even odious to us.” The parallels with the history of groups such as the NAACP, the ADL, and the SPLC are striking.
The following are extracts taken from Éric Zemmour, Le Suicide français (Albin Michel: 2014), “SOS baleines,” pp. 243-249. The title is editorial.
* * *
The emergence of the Front National, during the municipal elections of 1983 at Dreux, would be a historic opportunity for the left to stay in power. Yet, [center-right leader] Jacques Chirac had first agreed to a union of the right.[1] Even Raymond Aron had blessed this alliance in L'Express, referring to the left's totalitarian depravities: “The only fascist-style international in the 1980s is red, not brown.” But the moralistic, anti-racist, anti-fascist discourse of the left ended up riddling the leader of the Gaullist party [Chirac] with guilt, along with the pressures from all sides, of his centrist allies (friends of Simone Veil and Bernard Stasi), the media, and the Jewish organizations, without forgetting the provocations of the FN's leader (“the detail of history”[2]) which were exploited well. Mitterrand thus avenged himself against the Gaullists who had long [divided the left by] isolating the Communist Party and its popular electorate in their revolutionary ghetto.
SOS Racisme was founded on October 15, 1984. Julien Dray [a Sephardic Jew and future Socialist MP] and his friends exploited the media coverage of the second “Arab march”[3] to announce the creation of their new fledgling association. The marchers were a bit less numerous than the previous year but the TV channels rushed there anyway. SOS Racisme launched its career with this media putsch, this misappropriation of glory, this usurpation.
Only Father Delorme[4] dared to denounce this kidnapping of a legacy, and the control of certain Jewish groups over anti-racist activism; but Bernard-Henri Lévy had him shut up, shamelessly exploiting Christian guilt over the extermination of the Jews during the Second World War. Terrorized, the representative of the Church became silent. The “Arabs”[5] withdrew from the game, considering they had been swindled by the “Heebs,”[6] always suspected of being more skillful and of being favored by the media. . . . [SOS Racisme's] little yellow hand was put on the front cover of the Nouvel Observateur [the leading center-left magazine, significantly Jewish-run].
This yellow hand was the advertising creation of the spin-doctor Christian Michel; it recalled at once the yellow star which Jews had to carry in the occupied zone and the hand of Fatima, the Islamic good luck charm; it emphasized this endlessly recalled continuity between the persecution of the Jews during the Second World War and xenophobic hostility against Maghrebis during the 70s and 80s. Memories of the Occupation and anti-Arab race-riots[7] are mixed in a great historical and intellectual confusion, with deadly propagandistic effectiveness. The Jewish far-left, from the Trotskyite movements to the UEJF,[8] was at the reins. It performed a double political and ideological hold-up,[9] anticipating and precipitating a change of position in French Judaism. Ordinary Frenchmen of Jewish confession were trapped by the maneuver. The leaders of the UEJF and SOS Racisme (they were the same) refused to distinguish between the French Israelite and the Arab foreigner, uniting them together in the same victims' position and the same hostility towards the necessarily racist and xenophobic ethnic French.[10] They thus “de-Frenchified” French Jews, destroying two centuries' work of assimilation.
The majority of French Jews, blinded by the obsessive memory of the Occupation, compassion for victims, the seductive discourse of otherness inspired by Levinas,[11] the Jewish tradition of hospitality (forgetting that then the stranger is but a “temporary guest”), the nostalgia of the Sephardis for “life over there” [in North Africa], Ashkenazis' growing identification with [Muslim] Maghrebi immigrants even though the former had become French notables,[12] let themselves be led on this path of “de-Frenchification.” On the front page of the first issue of the magazine Globe, a pro-Mitterrand anti-racist monthly founded by [Sephardic journalist] Georges-Marc Benhamou, financially supported by Pierre Bergé and Bernard-Henri Lévy, we could read as a declaration of faith: “Of course, we are resolutely cosmopolitan. Of course, everything that is of the soil, the beret, the bourrée,[13] Breton bagpipes, in short petty-French or chauvinistic, is foreign or even odious to us.”
This operation was not accomplished without reticence or reservations. Israelite notables excoriated in private against these youngsters who “wanted to Arabize[14] French Jews.” With the release of Roger Hanin's film Hell Train,[15] the Tribune juive's columnist wrote on January 11, 1985: “From this anecdotal racist event committed by three losers,[16] Roger Hanin has put together a film which tries to draw a vast moral lesson implicating all of deep France. . . . [17] Roger Hanin assures us that, as an Algerian Jew, he was taught from childhood to love the Arabs. Apparently, he was not taught to love the French.” . . .
SOS Racisme's sponsors discovered the joys of easy money; the [yellow hand] badges sold like hot cakes; suitcases of cash from the Élysée were mixed with bundles of “Pascals”[18] distributed by Pierre Bergé, the wealthy president of the Yves Saint Laurent designer house. Then, the machine was formalized, professionalized; SOS Racisme became a formidable machine for snatching up subsidies from ministries and local government, in order to continue the political fight, and incidentally allowing their august leaders to live it large.
During the euphoria of the 1980s, SOS Racisme's leaders thought they would replace the [traditional] flagships of anti-racism, the LICRA[19] and the MRAP.[20] They would be disillusioned. Internal divisions surrounding the veil affair of Creil in 1989[21] or on the first Gulf war of 1990, the persistent hostility of young urban Arabs towards the “Heebs,” their heated disagreements over the Middle Eastern conflict, and not forgetting the censure of the Court of Auditors which denounced their spendthrift management, forced SOS Racisme's leaders to fall back on their “core profession”: the endless pursuit of subsidies.
Without any mass membership or any real presence ‘on the ground,' they deployed their media activism, using the incomparable Trotskyite know-how in manipulating minds, becoming new inquisitors of the religion of anti-racism, preaching and catechizing (on television) and excommunicating, privatizing the judicial apparatus to their benefit, like new Torquemadas. In the name of the Republic, and with its sacrosanct principles held up as a shining banner, they had sapped the foundations of the French nation: secularism and assimilation. As was said during their activist youth in the 1970s: “Nice digging, mole!”[22] Their Trotskyite mentors could be proud of them.
[1] I.e., local electoral alliances between the FN and the center-right RPR party.
[2]Jean-Marie Le Pen's term for the gas chambers, considering historians should be freely allowed to study the Holocaust.
[3]Officially the “March for Equality and Against Racism,” which the previous year had been Maghrebis' largest ever demonstration in France, voicing their discontent and their solidarity with foreign co-ethnics. The most concrete demands were foreigners' right to vote and the creation of ten-year residency card.
[4]Christian Delorme, a Catholic prelate prominent in interfaith dialogue.
[5]“Beurs,” backslang (verlan) from “Arabe.”
[6]“Feujs,” backslang for “Juif,” officially considered more offensive than “Beur.”
[7]“Ratonnades.” roughly translated as “rat hunt.”
[8]Union of Jewish Students of France, the main Jewish students' union, actually a high-level, highly litigious ethnic lobby.
[9]In English in the text.
[10]Français de souche.
[11]Emmanuel Levinas, a Franco-Jewish intellectual born in Lithuania.
[12]I.e. noteworthy figures, generally in upper-middle class professions such as lawyers, accountants, doctors, public officials, educators, and so on.
[13]Traditional French music and dance.
[14]“Bougnouliser,” a highly deprecating term.
[15]Train d'enfer.
[16]Three White candidates to the French Foreign Legion had attacked and killed a young Algerian during a drunken escapade.
[17]Brackets in the text.
[18]The name of the 500-franc bill, the largest denomination, featuring Blaise Pascal.
[19]The League Against Anti-Semitism and Racism, a much more explicitly Jewish pseudo-anti-racist group. See Guillaume Durocher, “The Culture of Critique in France: A Review of Anne Kling's La France LICRAtisée and Le CRIF,” in press.
[20]The Mouvement against Racism and for the Friendship of Peoples, a more ecumenical body, where both Jews and people of color are prominent.
[21]A controversy over the exclusion of three Muslim girls from a high school due their headscarves.
[22]“Bien creusé, la taupe !”, i.e. entryism.
Veteran film star Shamim Ara passed away at 78 today after a prolonged illness.
The actress, who was living in London, had been in coma since 2010 following a brain surgery.
The Doraha leading lady had an interesting career; her first film Kunwari Baywa tanked at the box office but her role had the industry buzzing. Shortly after that, she got a string of hit films under her name, such as Devdas, Humraz and others. She was also an acclaimed director and was awarded the Nigar Award four times.
In conversation with Dawn News, Bushra Ansari shared, "When you hear such news, you feel an era is slipping away from us; she did great work throughout her life, with dedication. She was a beautiful, delicate and charming woman."
Pakistani star Resham, who held Shamim Ara in high regard and had worked with her in a handful of films, said, "She worked for over 30 years in the Pakistani film industry as a director and heroine."
"When we were shooting Pal Do Pal, it never felt like I was working with a director, the way she spoke, the way she fixed my dupatta, the way she told us how to deliver dialogues, it was like a mother instructing her child."
Here's a look at her career in pictures:
Shamim Ara with co-stars Santosh Kumar and Rukhsana in 'Fashion'. ─ White Star/File
Fashion, released on Eid-ul-Azha 1965, was a hit, and reinforced Shamim Ara's status as one of the top actors of the time ─ White Star/File
The 60s were a good decade for the star, as she starred in numerous hits, including Aag Ka Darya (1966), Lakhon Mein Eik (1967), Saiqa (1968) and Salgirah (1968) ─ White Star/File
Shamim Ara with her co-star Habib in the 1965 film 'Dil Ke Tukre'. ─ White Star/File
Shamim Ara in the 'Ae Musawir Teri Tasveer' sequence in the 1969 film 'Aanch'. ─ White Star/File
Shamim Ara won four Nigar Awards throughout her career ─ White Star/File
Shamim Ara also starred in the 1968 film 'Jaan-e-Arzoo' with an all-star cast that included Waheed Murad, Deeba and Santosh Kumar ─ White Star/File
Shamim Ara was a style icon, inspiring women to copy her hairstyles, make-up and manner of speech ─ White Star/File
Shamim Ara retired from acting in the early '70s, and transitioned to film direction and production ─ White Star/File
Twitter tributes
Imagine your internet provider told you that you could stream as much music as you want from one particular service, and they wouldn't charge you for it.
Sounds too good to be true? According to many internet advocates, it is.
That's one of the issues being discussed in consultations starting this week by the CRTC, Canada's communications regulator.
But the hearings aren't just about your monthly wireless bill; discussions around differential pricing and net neutrality also raise important considerations about what sites users can access and how they access them.
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission will hold hearings this week that could affect your internet bill. (Graham Hughes/Canadian Press) The purpose of these CRTC hearings is to field responses from industry stakeholders and the public.
"Net neutrality is the idea that all data on the internet should be treated equally by telecom providers," says David Christopher, communications director for Open Media, a consumer advocacy group that works to keep the internet open, affordable, and surveillance-free. Christopher is scheduled to testify at the hearings on Thursday.
"It means that any user should be able to access all information online, and that no sites or organization should be given priority or, for example, be able to pay for faster loading time."
For internet users, it puts the power to choose what services you access and what websites you visit in your control, as opposed to having corporations or telecommunications companies make those decisions. Net neutrality dictates that the role of the telecom provider is just to connect you to the internet.
According to Charles Falzon, dean of the faculty of communication and design at Ryerson University, maintaining a level playing field online is essential for innovation. "Net neutrality will keep our culture and our economy competitive globally."
Even Facebook was a startup
Falzon says, "If certain companies, presumably the established ones, can pay for preferential treatment, it puts new startups and independent creators at a huge disadvantage. Once upon a time even Facebook was just a startup."
The latest hurdle for net-neutrality advocates is differential pricing, or zero rating. This practice, in which internet service providers can opt to not charge customers for data used by specific applications or services, is "emerging in Canada and elsewhere as a more common practice," says CRTC chairman Jean-Pierre Blais, and it will be a central topic at these hearings.
Here's what that means for you.
Compared to consumers in other countries, Canadians have very low data caps for wireless and home internet service;
Bell Canada's head office in Montreal. The company tells the CRTC that differential internet pricing will 'directly benefit consumers.' (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press) Under differential pricing, telecommunications companies exempt certain services from your data cap. For example, your internet provider could decide that either Apple Music or Spotify doesn't count toward your data cap but the other does.
Bell says the practice would increase engagement in the digital economy and make telecommunications services more affordable. Differential pricing will "directly benefit consumers in the same way that toll-free long distance, promotional coupons, waived internet installation fees and free previews of television broadcasts do," it told the CRTC.
But not all companies agree. David Watt, senior vice-president of regulatory matters for Rogers, says the company is net-neutral. "The customer should make the choice."
Critics of differential pricing point out that while promoting a service might be attractive to consumers who use it, using a service or app that isn't preferred could create overage charges. That would have a huge impact on the success of those businesses, and it could slant user behaviour.
Harming the digital economy
According to Christopher, a differential pricing policy would harm the digital economy. What happens to a new music streaming service that can't afford the fees to become zero-rated? Its chance of success is squashed.
Watt agrees. "When you're treating everyone in the same fashion, then you're not discriminating against a smaller or less well known app."
A Rogers Communications sign marks the company's Toronto headquarters. Rogers says the company is net-neutral. (Aaron Vincent Elkaim/Canadian Press) Falzon warns that if we accept this kind of highly curated and corporate-controlled narrative, "we will lag behind more progressive nations. This would not only apply to entertainment content, but equally to education, to scientific research and, perhaps most importantly, to political discourse."
That's where advocates say the CRTC needs to step in as the voice of the public. Christopher says, "No one wants tons of regulation over everything on the internet. But without this, the telecom companies could do anything they want, including overcharging consumers and treating established companies with preference over small players."
Advocates like Open Media say that for the CRTC to put users first, it needs to ensure Canada's strong net-neutrality rules are upheld.
Interconnected policies
Bell has asked that the CRTC address differential pricing and data caps as unrelated issues. But advocates see the policies as interconnected.
In addition to banning zero rating, they are asking the CRTC to do away with data caps on wired home internet service and to ensure all Canadians have at least an affordable unlimited option.
After all, the internet is not a luxury; it is an essential tool. The United Nations Human Rights Council passed a non-binding resolution in June stating that the internet is a basic human right.
Despite our growing reliance on the internet — the CRTC's annual report shows that wireless usage has surged 40 per cent in the last year — none of the big three companies offers an unlimited option for wireless.
Anyone who follows politics knows that the mainstream media has two sets of rules: one set for conservatives and another set for liberals. Conservatives spend most of their time correcting smears and trying to explain to the public what they really believe. Liberals, on the other hand, can count on the press to hide their unpopular beliefs and put the best spin possible on everything they do. This is why you often hear Republicans say, "Imagine what they'd say if a Democrat had said that," while you almost never hear Democrats say, "Imagine what they'd say if a Republican had said that."
Those two separate sets of rules shape how politicians behave, how they're perceived, and the issues that they spend most of their time talking about. In Barack Obama's case, the media would be focusing on an entirely different set of issues if he were a Republican.
1) This guy is way too stupid to be President of the United States! Poor Dan Quayle was forever branded as stupid for misspelling the word potato. It's not often noted, however, that the card that he was given by the school had misspelled the word. Then there's Obama, the man who stammers without a teleprompter, the guy who won't release his college records. How does Quayle's gaffe compare to Obama thinking there are 57 states? Duhr! How about Obama walking into a window at the White House? Duhr, duhr! What about signing a guest book 2008 in 2011? Duhr, duhr, duhr! Obama's stupidity would be a staple of late night talk show jokes if he were a Republican.
2) Obama's an amateurish cowboy who's wrecking our image around the world! Obama has made Jimmy Carter look like a foreign policy mastermind since he got into the White House. Sure, he gets credit for getting Osama Bin Laden. When the military walked up to Obama and said, "We know where Bin Laden is. Can we go get him?" he made the "gutsy call" to say "yes." Of course, he's also damaged our relations with Britain, Israel, and Pakistan. He's screwed things up so badly with Pakistan that it's endangering the war effort in Afghanistan. His administration gave Russia a "reset button" that actually said "overcharge." The fact you probably don't even know about how badly we screwed things up in Honduras is telling. Then, there's Obama's impulsive and bizarre insertion of the American military into a civil war in Libya. If Obama were a Republican, the media would be telling us we need to get a Democrat in office to repair the damage caused by Obama's blundering.
3) Obama's going to bankrupt the country by giving our money to his corporate cronies! Remember when the media talked about the size of the deficit all the time? Remember when we heard about Halliburton and Blackwater on a daily basis? Oh, yes, that was when we had a Republican President. Now we've got the most wasteful spender in the history of our country in the White House, we're in danger of going bankrupt, and tens of billions in tax dollars have been transferred to corporations that have given money to the Democratic Party. Now suddenly the "fierce watchdogs of the press" have become completely complacent about corporate cronyism and the very real possibility that our country will turn into Greece within the next decade.
4) He's the job-killing, gas-price-raising, economy-wrecking President! Can you imagine the stories we'd see every day if a Republican were President? We'd have daily stories on the people left homeless by the “Obamaconomy,” human interest stories about single mothers who can't feed their kids anymore, and we'd hear from experts every day about how Obama is killing jobs, raising costs at the pump, and destroying the economy with his policies. Remember how the press used to slip a reference to George Bush speaking in front of the "Mission Accomplished" banner into every story about Iraq? Well, they'd do the same thing with Barack Obama's empty promises about how his 1.1 trillion dollar stimulus would "save or create jobs." Can you hear them now?
"So, how's the economy looking? Gas prices still high? Are we seeing any impact of the stimulus yet? How many jobs have been 'saved or created' -- and that's a meaningless, made up phrase by the way...”
5) Obama's not an authentic black man. Black conservatives have their "blackness" challenged all the time, often by privileged white liberals who don't know any black people other than the ones who clean their mansions. If Barack Obama were a Republican, he'd be called an Oreo, a half-white house slave, and a white man pretending to be black. On the upside for the Clintons, Democrats would still be calling Bill Clinton the first (and only) black President.
6) He's an arrogant jerk who cares about no one but himself! Vacation, golf, shooting hoops -- the fun never stops for Barack Obama. It would be great if the rest of us could take that much time off, but our jobs keep us too busy. It's also fantastic that Obama finally went to Joplin, Missouri. If you're wondering why it took so long, well, they didn't have a golf course cleared until now. Have you heard that some Republicans have taken to calling Barack Obama "Mr. Spock" because of his "cool" demeanor? Yeah, well, I'm pretty sure Mr. Spock never wore mom jeans, he could talk without a teleprompter, and Bones was around to tell him, "Damnit Spock, it's not logical for the President to ignore the BP oil spill for so long. So, get your Vulcan behind in gear and do something!"
Around 2 weeks ago, I got a package in the mail, with my name on it from Petco. Confused - I instantly messaged my Secret Santa to see if this was my awaited gift. After a bit of waiting, they replied, YES! I had gotten my SS! So I sliced open the box, and found a small sized Humunga Tongue Toy for my dogs. Now I had mentioned quite a bit about my dogs in my bio - I love em, what else can I say? But never had I thought my Secret Santa would go the Santa Paws route!
With a little further messaging with my Santa, we decided to put the toy in their stocking, along with a few added goodies. And let them have at it, from there. They were all REALLY excited to have a new toy - because apparently the other 50 million are SO two seconds ago :P
Thank you Secret Santa for helping me fill my 4 legged babies stocking with that extra little something :] They're getting quite a kick out of their new toy, and so is the rest of the family!
The Turnbull government will seek to introduce a new levy on telecommunications companies to help pay for the roll-out of the NBN in regional areas, a change it admits will lead to higher prices for internet consumers.
The move goes against the advice of the government's own hand-picked expert panel, which warned such a levy "causes greater distortions than it is intended to remedy".
Communications Minister Mitch Fifield announced on Monday that the government would legislate to create a new Regional Broadband Scheme that is estimated to raise $40 million a year. The Department of Communications has found the cost of the scheme would largely be passed on to consumers through higher prices.
The scheme would see NBN's rival super-fast broadband networks pay a levy of $7.30 for each fixed-line connection, with the contribution indexed to increase each year. By 2022 the levy would rise to $8 per connection.
Close
When Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk teased last week that he would be making a big announcement on a new product that is "unexpected by most," there were a lot of theories on what exactly would be unveiled.
An update on the Autopilot technology of Tesla Motors was one of the suggestions, but given the controversy surrounding it, it was not the most popular guess. It seems that Musk's announcement was indeed unexpected, as the unveiled product presents the next step from the Autopilot driver assistance system into fully autonomous vehicles.
According to Musk, all electric vehicles that Tesla Motors is currently building will roll out equipped with all the necessary hardware to be fully self-driving. Musk said that the hardware will allow all future Tesla Motors vehicles to achieve what is coined as "level 5 autonomy."
This does not mean that these vehicles are capable of fully autonomous driving as soon as they are received by customers, though. This is because the software that is necessary to make such a thing happen is not yet ready. However, Tesla Motors will be introducing new features related to the technology with software updates that vehicle owners will receive over the air.
Musk said that all Tesla Motors electric vehicles being produced will come with eight cameras instead of just one and 12 updated ultrasonic sensors that can detect both soft and hard objects at almost twice the distance from before to provide a complete 360-degree visibility. The vehicles will also be powered by a computer that has 40 times the processing power compared to what was previously be seen in the company's products.
While the self-driving system is being developed, it will function behind the scenes in "shadow mode" so that it would be able to demonstrate on what instances it would have been able to prevent an accident that a human driver was not able to avoid.
Existing Tesla Motors electric vehicles will not be able to upgrade to add the fully self-driving hardware. In addition, once the software is ready, owners of vehicles equipped with the hardware will need to pay an additional $8,000 to activate the self-driving features.
In the question-and-answer portion following Musk's announcement, the Tesla Motors CEO claimed that anything that prevents the development and adoption of self-driving cars is, in effect, causing deaths. Musk called out media coverage of all incidents that have been related to the company's Autopilot system, while glossing over the 1.2 million people that die each year due to accidents caused by human error.
"Because, and really you need to think carefully about this, because if, in writing some article that's negative, you effectively dissuade people from using an autonomous vehicle, you're killing people," Musk said.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
This report is a product of our united efforts. This report uniquely recounts the experiences of prisoners inside Guantánamo Bay prison. Other reports, for the most part, rely on the statements of released prisoners who were willing to tell their stories. Appearing in this report are the accounts of torture and cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment drawn directly from habeas counsels' unclassified notes. Prisoner statements were made to counsel during in-person interviews conducted at Guantánamo beginning in the fall of 2004.
(See bottom of page to view or download the ful report as a pdf)
Information provided to counsel through client interviews is presumed secret until cleared. Such information must be provided to a Department of Defense (DoD) privilege team for review. Once cleared, the information carries no restriction. All of the information reported by prisoners in this report has been cleared for publication. Some information has been taken from public sources compiled in a separate report by the law firm of Shearman and Sterling LLP.
The italicized block passages in this report are excerpts from attorney notes and summaries of prisoner accounts. In some cases, the passages are taken from documents submitted in public court filings. In most cases, the accounts are taken verbatim from attorney summaries; in a few instances, the accounts are paraphrased or combined from more than one document. To the extent possible, reported incidents have been corroborated by other public, unclassified sources, including government documents. Those corroborated accounts are also cited in this report. Prisoners' statements of abuse generally correspond with descriptions of abuse recorded in government documents released through Freedom of Information Act suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, CCR, Physicians for Human Rights, and Veterans for Peace.
Sergeant Eric Saar, a former Guantánamo military intelligence linguist, corroborates specific accounts of abuse in his book Inside the Wire: A Military Intelligence Soldier's Eyewitness Account of Life at Guantánamo. Additional corroboration can also be found in the book For God and Country: Faith and Patriotism Under Fire written by Captain James Yee, a former Muslim chaplain at Guantánamo who was falsely accused of spying for Al Qaeda and later exonerated.
Finally, given the limitations of access to the base, this report cannot provide a full accounting of the incidents of prisoner abuse at Guantánamo. Rather, by offering examples of the abuses described to attorneys and, in many cases, corroborated by independent government or other documents, this report compels the conclusion that a more detailed investigation must be conducted into the treatment of prisoners at Guantánamo.
From Sean Davis at the Federalist:
Although Hillary Clinton and her allies may be claiming that her private e-mail system is no big deal, Hillary's State Department actually forced the 2012 resignation of the U.S. ambassador to Kenya in part for setting up an unsanctioned private e-mail system. According to a 2012 report from the State Department's inspector general, former U.S. ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration set up a private e-mail system for his office in 2011. The inspector general's report offered a scathing assessment of Gration's information security practices — practices that are eerily similar to those undertaken by Clinton while she served as Secretary of State:
Davis links to State Department document that notes:
During the inspection, the Ambassador continued to use commercial email for official government business. The Department email system provides automatic security, record-keeping, and backup functions as required. The Ambassador's requirements for use of commercial email in the office and his flouting of direct instructions to adhere to Department policy have placed the information management staff in a conundrum...
And Davis adds, "Liberal commentators took him to task for jeopardizing American security by insisting on the use of a private e-mail system. A 2012 dispatch from The New Republic about Gration's resignation specifically noted that Gration's e-mail gambit “put classified information about the U.S.'s operations in East Africa at a higher risk for exposure..."
"In other words," Mark Hemingway writes at the Weekly Standard, "State Department policy was very clear. Using a private email outside the State Department's secure system was completely unacceptable. If this applied to ambassadors, one would think it was sensible policy for the Secretary of State as well."
Meanwhile, Jim Geraghty twists the knife a bit in his emailed Campaign Spot update today: "Some of Hillary's E-Mails Are Probably Destroyed. That's Good News: From a supremely cynical political perspective, it's better for conservatives and Republicans if Hillary Clinton's e-mails never come to light. If they're destroyed and impossible to recover, it means she will never be able to dispel everyone's worst suspicions:"
We don't know if foreign intelligence services ever cracked the (apparently flawed) code and got to read Hillary's private e-mails. We do know that we would be fools to assume they hadn't. This prospect makes a lot of Obama's first-term foreign policy look a little different in retrospect. Was there any particular time when a foreign power seemed one step ahead of our policies? Did Moscow, Beijing, or other foreign capitals seem to know what we were thinking in our negotiations before we began? Any of our spies get burned, or sources of intelligence dry up? Was Hillary Clinton's e-mail effectively a leak all along? (By the way, in the interim, every imaginable White House official should be brought before Congress and asked why it didn't seem unusual to them that Hillary Clinton never used a state.gov address, ever, at all, in a four-year span. Her use of a private e-mail was not secret within the administration.) The answers to these questions are above my pay grade and security clearance. But if foreign spies were reading the e-mail of the Secretary of State for four years, it represents nothing less than a catastrophe, and one that is entirely the fault of Hillary Clinton herself.
It all seems so Orwellian. Like something out of the Ministry of Truth. Like something out of 1984. Don't you agree, Mr. Obama?
So how will the MSM Play this? Probably something along these lines:
If Nixon hadn't been a Republican, @TheDemocrats would've yawned about those 18 and a half minutes. "LOTS of people own tape recorders!" — Jim Treacher (@jtLOL) March 5, 2015
And right on cue, Hillary's allies at the Politico are already blaming their fellow media mavens in their efforts to defend the Queen Bee.
LOS ANGELES -- Two days ago, UCLA coach Jim Mora broke what he called the Cardinal Rule of coaching.
"Only time I've ever done it," he said. "I brought my phone onto the field for like the first 20 minutes of practice."
While the Bruins stretched, he was fixated on streaming coverage of a Little League baseball game being played about 80 miles to the east. Bend North Little League, the Oregon state champion, was in a pivotal game in the regional tournament against Alaska. Mora's brother, Steve, is the manager and his nephew, Julian, is the team's leadoff hitter.
"Then when we started, I had to put [the phone] away and it killed me for two hours," Mora said.
When practice was over, good news was waiting. Bend North beat Alaska 6-2 and followed it up with a 15-0 win against Montana on Wednesday to pull within two wins of a trip to the Little League World Series.
"They lost to Team Washington in the first game and then played the next morning, seven hours later. First pitch [Julian] hit one out for a home run, so I was proud of him," Mora said.
If not for a scheduling change compared to years past, Mora probably would have been able to attend some of the games in person. The tournament takes place a few miles from Cal State-San Bernardino, where the Bruins have traditionally opened training camp. This year, UCLA elected to have its first week of practice on campus and will spend next week in San Bernardino.
Bend North is in the regional semifinal at 12 p.m. PT Friday. The game will be televised on ESPN.
There's a long-time debate between those who advocate for semantic markup, and those who believe that machine learning will eventually get us to the holy grail of a Semantic Web, one in which computer programs actually understand the meaning of what they see and read. Google has of course been the great proof point of the power of machine learning algorithms.
Earlier this week, Google made a nod to the other side of the debate, introducing a feature that they call “Rich Snippets.” Basically, if you mark up pages with certain microformats ( and soon, with RDFa), Google will take this data into account, and will provide enhanced snippets in the search results. Supported microformats in the first release include those for people and for reviews.
So, for example, consider the snippet for the Yelp review page on the Slanted Door restaurant in San Francisco:
The snippet is enhanced to show the number of reviews and the average star rating, with a snippet actually taken from one of the reviews. By contrast, the Citysearch results for the same restaurant are much less compelling:
(Yelp is one of Google's partners in the rollout of Rich Snippets; Google hopes that others will follow their lead in using enhanced markup, enabling this feature.)
Rich snippets could be a turning point for the Semantic Web, since, for the first time, they create a powerful economic motivation for semantic markup. Google has told us that rich snippets significantly enhance click-through rates. That means that anyone who has been doing SEO is now going to have to add microformats and RDFa to their toolkit.
Historically, the biggest block to the Semantic Web has been the lack of a killer app that would drive widespread adoption. There was always a bit of a chicken-and-egg problem, in which users would need to do a lot of work to mark up the data for the benefit of others before getting much of a payoff themselves. But as Dan Bricklin remarked so insightfully in his 2000 paper on Napster, The Cornucopia of the Commons, the most powerful online dynamics are released not by appeals to volunteerism, but by self-interest:
What we see here is that increasing the value of the database by adding more information is a natural by-product of using the tool for your own benefit. No altruistic sharing motives need to be present…
(Aside: @akumar, this is the answer to your question on Twitter about why in writing up this announcement we didn't make more of Yahoo!'s prior support for microformats in searchmonkey. You guys did pioneer work, but Google has the market power to actually get people to pay attention.)
What I also find interesting about the announcement is the blurring line between machine learning and semantic markup.
Machine learning isn't just brute force analysis of unstructured data. In fact, while Google is famous as a machine-learning company, their initial breakthrough with pagerank was based on the realization that there was hidden metadata in the link structure of the web that could be used to improve search results. It was precisely their departure from previous brute force methods that gave them some of their initial success. Since then, they have been diligent in developing countless other algorithms based on regular features of the data, and in particular regular associations between data sets that routinely appear together – implied metadata, so to speak.
So, for example, people are associated with addresses, with dates, with companies, with other people, with documents, with pictures and videos. Those associations may be made explicitly, via tags or true structured markup, but given a large enough data set, they can be extracted automatically. Jeff Jonas calls this process “context accumulation.” It's the way that our own brains operate: over time, we make associations between parallel data streams, each of which informs us about the other. Semantic labeling (via language) is only one of many of those data streams. We may see someone and not remember their name; we may remember the name but not the face that goes with it. We might connect the two given the additional information that we met at such and such conference three years ago.
Google is in the business of making these associations, finding pages that are about the same thing, and they use every available handle to help them do it. Seen in this way, SEO is already a kind of semantic markup, in which self-interested humans try to add information to pages to enhance their discoverability and ranking by Google. What the Rich Snippets announcement does is tell webmasters and SEO professionals a new way to add structure to their markup.
The problem with explicit metadata like this is that it's liable to gaming. But more dangerously, it generally only captures what we already know. By contrast, implicit metadata can surprise us, giving us new insight into the world. Consider Flickr's maps created by geotagged photos, which show the real boundaries of where people go in cities and what they do there. Here, the metadata may be added explicitly by humans, but it is increasingly added automatically by the camera itself. (The most powerful architecture of participation is one in which data is provided by default, without the user even knowing he or she is doing it.)
Google's Flu Trends is another great example. By mining its search database (what John Battelle calls “the database of intentions“) for searches about flu symptoms, Google is able to generate maps of likely clusters of infection. Or look at Jer Thorp's fascinating project announced just the other day, Just Landed: Processing, Twitter, MetaCarta & Hidden Data. Jer simulated the possible spread of swine flu built by extracting the string “Just landed in…” from Twitter. Since Twitter profiles include a location, and the object of the phrase above is also likely to be a location, he was able to create the following visualization of travel patterns:
Just Landed – Test Render (4 hrs) from blprnt on Vimeo.
This is where the rubber meets the road of collective intelligence. I'm a big fan of structured markup, but I remain convinced that even more important is to discover new metadata that is produced, as Wallace Stevens so memorably said, “merely in living as and where we live.”
P.S. There's some small irony that in its first steps towards requesting explicit structured data from webmasters, Google is specifying the vocabularies that can be used for its Rich Snippets rather than mining the structured data formats that already exist on the web. It would be more “googlish” (in the machine learning sense I've outlined above) to recognize and use them all, rather than asking webmasters to adopt a new format developed by Google. There's an interesting debate about this irony over on Ian Davis' blog. I expect there to be a lot more debate in the weeks to come.
The sun sets on the Great New York State Fair last year. (Photo: Michael Okoniewski / NYS Fair)
After nearly $50 million in renovations, the Great New York State Fair will welcome visitors with a fresh new look when it returns to the Syracuse area from Thursday through Sept. 5.
A new midway, an upgraded Chevy Court, better access for the handicapped, free public wi-fi and refurbished buildings are just some of the many upgrades that will enable the state to offer fairgoers a better experience this year.
Improvements started at the end of last year's fair and picked up pace earlier this year.
“The first thing we did was replace the main gate, which is our front door, with a stone-and-arch structure that's reminiscent of the very first carriage gate when the fair was built,” said acting director Troy Waffner, who is in his fourth year of running the event, during an interview at the fairgrounds in Geddes, Onondaga County.
A new main gate will greet visitors at the Great New York State Fair this year. (Photo: JIM CATALANO / CORRESPONDENT)
Tearing down the decrepit grandstand and removing the racetrack opened up 63 acres of space in the back half of the fairgrounds. That enabled the midway to move from its formerly cramped confines — wedged between the track and the animal barns — into a much larger, open space with grassy areas, landscaping and a new Kiddie Land.
“One of the most amazing parts is that you can now stand at the west side of the International Building and have a clean sight line across the fairgrounds,” Waffner said. “With the grass, new asphalt, landscaping and trees, it has such clean and softer look. Which it really needed — it used to be just barren concrete. Without the track wall, you get a nice breeze across the grounds.”
Hiawatha Street, which runs from Gate 2 past the Dairy Building and sets one edge of the midway, has been upgraded with a grassy median and the removal of vendors. There's also a new RV park, with more than 313 full-service spaces at the back of the fairgrounds where the grandstand used to sit.
Lesux Stevenson and Jazzlyn Gardner pose as corn outside the Witter Agricultural Museum at last year's Great New York State Fair. (Photo: Michael Okoniewski / NYS Fair)
The improvements finally move the 375-acre fairgrounds into the 21st century after decades of stasis. “The same for 50 years,” noted Gov. Andrew Cuomo during a visit earlier this month, according to Syracuse.com. “Nothing changed. It was like going to your grandparents' home. Everything was exactly where it was. Nothing moved.
“We did a $50 million facelift. You go there and you're not even going to recognize the place anymore.”
Though the new fairgrounds successfully hosted the Syracuse Nationals car show in July, Waffner is still anxious to see how things work during the fair itself.
“It's exciting but nerve-racking for everybody because we don't know how the traffic is going to flow until people get in there,” he said. “We used to have this track wall that blocked everything off, and now we have these new streets and blocks. We've relocated several vendors, so they're nervous and so are we. We all have a lot of money invested in this show for these 12 days, so we're trying to make sure it works for all of us.”
Food fun
Workers hang signage on the Dairy Building to mark the Milk Bar; in the foreground is one of the new grass medians on Hiawatha Street. (Photo: JIM CATALANO / CORRESPONDENT)
The vast variety of food has long been one of the State Fair's biggest draws. Besides longtime vendors such as Baker's Chicken Coop and the Haddock Paddock, there are dozens of other stands offering everything from ice cream and sausage to fish and fries — not to mention plenty of deep-fried treats.
After recruiting a vegan food stand, Strong Hearts Café, in 2015, the fair this year has added a kosher vendor, the Oaks at Menorah Park, in the Horticulture Building. “They're selling things like deep-fried knishes, putting a State Fair twist on traditional Jewish food,” Waffner noted.
MORE: Wayne couple's latest fried masterpiece — Thanksgiving-like sandwich
The $1 Baked Potato Stand has moved a few yards, into a former restaurant space at the front left corner of the Horticulture Building, to accommodate the long lines it attracts.
On Sept. 4, the fair will host its second annual Food Truck Competition, in which a variety of trucks will offer $2 samples.
“We thought it would be a neat event, but we also wanted to pick up food trucks as vendors,” Waffner said. “From last year, we picked up a few trucks as 12-day vendors. It drew a lot of attention, and lots of votes, and it was cool to have all this different food available.” This year's event will include 20 food trucks from around the state.
Go to nysfair.ny.gov/food-drink for a complete list of vendors and a map; many longtime vendors will be in new places this year.
Other highlights include:
The fair's 47th annual butter sculpture will be unveiled on its refrigerated, rotating stand in the Dairy Products Building. Steps away, the Milk Bar will once again offer 25-cent cups of white or chocolate milk; a planned increase to 50 cents was avoided when the state stepped in to subsidize the stand.
Now in its fourth year, the Taste NY tent offers free samples of food and beverage products from a rotating cast of vendors each day. And just across the street, the Taste NY Marketplace will offer more items from around the state.
Music at the fair
Troy Waffner, acting director of the Great New York State Fair, has overseen nearly $50 million in renovations at the fairgrounds. (Photo: JIM CATALANO / CORRESPONDENT)
In recent years, the fair's Chevy Court lineup has grown in size and ambition, with big-name acts drawing thousands of fans to twice-daily shows that are included free with admission to the fair.
To accommodate the growing crowds — the Steve Miller Band drew more than 36,000 people last year, for example — the fair has moved the Chevy display area to the front of the Center of Progress building, cleared out the longtime hot-tub vendors that ringed the area to a new commercial district near the midway, added more seating, trimmed the trees around the court to improve sightlines, and installed two large video screens to the sides of the stage.
Waffner said the fair spent $1.8 million with promoter Live Nation to put together this year's Chevy Court lineup, which includes 23 shows across a variety of genres. Especially notable is Beach Boys founder Brian Wilson marking the 50th anniversary of the legendary Pet Sounds album at 8 p.m. Monday, Aug. 29, and Ithaca's X Ambassadors, who sold out the State Theatre of Ithaca, performing at 2 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 3. “I'll bet they'll get the biggest crowd we've ever gotten for an afternoon show, more than 15,000 people,” Waffner said.
This week, the state announced that the Lakeview Amphitheater also will host two free concerts by Symphoria, the Syracuse-based symphony orchestra, that will be free with fair admission. They'll be held at 7:30 p.m. Monday, Aug. 29 and Thursday, Sept. 1. A fireworks display will take place after the Sept. 1 concert, which will feature a program of patriotic music; the Aug. 29 concert will feature music from the movies
NEWSLETTERS Get the Flavors of Rochester newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong An inside look at Rochester's vibrant food scene, including restaurant happenings, local craft beer and Finger Lakes wine. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Thurs Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Flavors of Rochester Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Visit lakeviewamphitheatre.com for more information.
True to its mission
Farming and agriculture always will be part of the Great New York State Fair's mission, says acting director Troy Waffner. (Photo: Michael Okoniewski / NYS Fair)
Ultimately, the goal of the Great New York State Fair is to promote the state's agriculture industry. But Waffner acknowledged that can be a tough sell these days.
“We're not an agriculture–oriented society anymore — I think only 2 percent of people are involved in agriculture today,” he said. “But the state fairs' — and not just ours — mission is to promote agriculture, which is important because it's what sets us apart from Darien Lake. If you want to go on rides, you can go there just as easily, though it costs more.
“So we bring in 10,000 animals during the fair, host the competitions in fine arts, cake decorating and quilting. We have the Agriculture Museum, animal barns and Dairy Birthing Center. Then we combine that with rides, good food and music. It's almost become an agriculture festival within music festival within a food festival within a midway. We try to tie it all together.
“Some people will say we've gotten away from our agricultural roots,” he continued. “But part of the reason we play up the music, midway and food is that agriculture is our mission, but typically you lose money on your mission. But we pay for it by offering everything else. We don't care how you get in here, as long as you're on the grounds.”
Jim Catalano is a correspondent for the Binghamton Press & Sun-Bulletin, part of the USA TODAY Network.
The midway at the Great New York State Fair has moved from its formerly cramped confines into a much larger, open space with grassy areas. (Photo: JIM CATALANO / CORRESPONDENT)
If you go
What: The Great New York State Fair.
When: Aug. 25-Sept. 5.
Where: State Fairgrounds, 581 State Fair Blvd., Geddes, Onondaga County.
Tickets: $1-$10 daily.
Get your tickets
Discounted advance tickets are available online and at select retail through Aug. 24.
During the State Fair, regular daily admission tickets are $10 every day except on Thursday, Aug. 25 and Sept. 1, when admission is $3, and Labor Day when admission is $1. Admission tickets will be available at all State Fair gates.
Children 12 and under are admitted free every day of the State Fair. Seniors 60 and over are admitted free on Monday, Aug. 29 and Tuesday, Aug. 30. Students 18 and under are admitted free on Friday, Sept 2.
There are also several 2016 Special Fair Days throughout the event, including Pride Day (Aug. 26) Law Enforcement Day (Aug. 26), Senior Citizens' Day (Aug. 29), Armed Forced Day (Sept. 1), Six Nations Day (Sept. 2) and Students' Day (Sept. 2). Visit nysfair.ny.gov/your-visit/special-fair-days for details.
Admission gates and all exhibit buildings open at 10 a.m. every day. The fair and all buildings close at 10 p.m. every day, except Labor Day, when closing time is 9 p.m.
The Midway is open from 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. except on Labor Day when it closes at 9 p.m.
Changes to the midway at the Great New York State Fair this year includes more space and grassy areas. (Photo: Michael Okoniewski / NYS Fair)
Chevy Court concerts
•2 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 25: Big Bad Voodoo Daddy (blues and swing)
•8 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 25: Kesha (modern pop)
•2 p.m. Friday, Aug. 26: Sunshine and Pena (teen folk-pop from “The Voice”)
•8 p.m. Friday, Aug. 26: Toto (classic rock)
•2 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 27: MAGIC! (reggae rock)
•8 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 27: Dashboard Confessional (emo rock)
•2 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 28: Air Supply (1970s soft rock)
•8 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 28: Bruce Hornsby and The Noisemakers (folk pop)
•2 p.m. Monday, Aug. 29: Herman's Hermits (1960s British Invasion rock ‘n' roll)
•8 p.m. Monday, Aug. 29: Brian Wilson presents "Pet Sounds" - Celebrating the 50th Anniversary with special guests Al Jardine and Blondie Chaplin (classic pop and rock)
•2 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 30: Survivor (1980s favorites)
•8 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 30: The Commodores (funk, soul and pop)
•2 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 31: Macy Gray (indie soul)
•8 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 31: Three Days Grace (modern rock)
•2 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 1: Natalie La Rose (contemporary R&B)
•8 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 1: Flo Rida (hiphop)
•2 p.m. Friday, Sept. 2: A Tribe Called Red (electro hiphop)
•8 p.m. Friday, Sept. 2: Culture Club (1980s pop)
•2 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 3: X Ambassadors (modern pop)
•8 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 3: Rachel Platten with A Great Big World (modern pop)
•2 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 4: Robert Cray (blues and soul)
•8 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 4: Daughtry (modern rock)
•6 p.m. Monday, Sept. 5: Chicago (classic rock)
There are also four concerts at the nearby Lakeview Amphitheater, which sits on the western shore of Onondaga Lake and replaces the Grandstand as the venue for big-ticket shows.
•7:30 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 25: Keith Urban with Brett Eldredge and special guest Maren Morris (country). Tickets: $20-$70
•6:30 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 27: Rob Zombie and Korn: “Return of the Dreads Tour” (metal). Tickets: $15-$85
•7:30 p.m. Friday, Sept. 2: Florida Georgia Line with special guests Cole Swindell, The Cadillac Three and Kane Brown (country). Tickets: $30-$70
•8 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 3: ZZ Top with special guest The Charlie Daniels Band (classic rock). Tickets: $18-$200
Tickets from these shows will also allow for free admission to the fair itself any time during its 12-day run; just save your ticket and present at the fair gate.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2bexCWm
(NOTE: As of June 21st, 2016, this article is taking heavy web traffic. I have a call into the Mr. Wittmann and will report back with the news of yesterday's deadline ASAP.)
(NOTE: As of June 23rd, 2016, the Committee has not been unresponsive to requests for an update, however, due to Committee rules, the exact details of recent events in this ongoing matter are not yet available. They will be at meaningful and permitted points along the way. As previously reported, Senator Johnson and the Committee take this matter even more seriously now than ever and are fully committed to seeing it through to the end. As vapers, we need to be careful not to impede their efforts, but they do appreciate the continued public support.)
The deadline for the Food and Drug Administration's response to an inquiry from the U.S. Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs requesting justification for a defacto ban on vapor products that would end an industry of an estimated 30,000 small businesses, came and went yesterday at 5pm eastern time with nothing reported by the Committee on their website or by the news media. I made a phone call to their headquarters this morning and was sent to a voicemail box which I feared would be the end of my search for information. My fears were completely unfounded. About an hour after my message, I received a phone call from Mr. Scott Wittmann, a staffer who works closely with Sen. Johnson.
Words can not express how impressive Mr. Wittmann's knowledge of the dynamics of the FDA Final Ruling Deeming Vapor Products as Tobacco is. He reports he is neither a vapor nor has ever been a smoker, but there was no difference in his level of awareness of this situation than that of any of the very well informed advocacy figures with whom I've had the pleasure of speaking. I wanted to write notes on the conversation while it was still fresh in my mind.
Mr. Wittmann reports the FDA did not respond. They did not indicate a need for more time to respond or attempt to schedule an appointment. He was completely professional in our entire conversation, but my interpretation is the FDA simply snubbed the Committee. I don't find this surprising considering the dead-to-rights violations of federal laws protecting small businesses in the FDA's own writing on the matter.
Mr. Wittmann was intensely interested in my experience as a former smoker who now exclusively vapes and also my experience as the owner of a small shop with 4 employees. He asked about our customers and seemed to be genuinely interested in expanding his understanding of our struggles and the possible future of the industry both with and without the FDA's defacto ban on our existence.
I asked him what the next steps are for the Committee. He reports there are several steps to take with clear historic examples of how to proceed. The initial steps are simply “louder” requests, but should those requests remain unfulfilled, the eventual endpoint is a subpoena creating the opportunity for FDA management to be formally charged with contempt of Congress.
I asked him what the Committee's specific powers were to enforce changes on the FDA's ruling. A direct answer to this question is too complicated for a simple phone call, most likely over-complicated because of the two centuries of precedence fueled by political maneuvering. But the general summary I can give from our conversation is direct action by the Committee will likely not be necessary.
The Committee seeks first to expose information for the public. This information then becomes available to private interests who can and are filing lawsuits to stop the FDA. The Committee's expectation is these lawsuits will be successful and they see their role as helping to bring relevant information to light to make these lawsuits easier to pursue.
In the end, I am completely elated to have had an experience much different than I expected. Instead of a terse, rehearsed brush off with soulless reassurances the “leaders” were working at a level I could not understand, I engaged in a genuine conversation with a man fighting for interests he did not directly share. Mr. Wittmann and Sen. Johnson are working on behalf of Americans. That is the interest group they hope to protect. They are working to promote the entire country's freedom to choose.
Mr. Wittmann, I believe, now has a greater understanding of how the vapor product industry affects all Americans more directly than he initially understood. Our freedoms need protected, but on a closer level, the outcry from the vaping community to the Committee has produced a greater understanding of the opportunity to truly improve the public health by reducing or eliminating tobacco's well-known harm and previously-unstoppable perpetuation.
Mr. Wittmann also said he briefs Sen. Johnson on all conversations and my comments and support of the Committee in this matter would be expressed and is appreciated. To the vaping community, I am happy to say my impression is we, as a community, have gained a true ally in our fight. We, as a community, have been “surprising”, “passionate”, and “compelling”. The positive image we have managed to bring to the Committee has made a difference.
Vape on and stay strong,
Steve Jacksontranslate document french to englishcasino free credit
More than two dozen Silicon Valley chief executives are making a last-minute call on Congress to grant President Obama expanded authority on trade, calling the deal a "gold standard" agreement to protect technology companies and their workers.
In a letter to be sent to House members Thursday, 27 executives from companies including AT&T, IBM, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, eBay, Cisco, Intel and Xerox will add their voices to the intense debate over Obama's trade initiative.
"At a time when American businesses and economic activity continues to rapidly migrate to the Internet," the letter states, according to a copy obtained by The Washington Post, "many of our trading partners have established digital trade barriers that constrain the ability of U.S. companies to effectively and efficiently export digital products and services. If left unchecked, these barriers will cause significant damage to American technological leadership and impact the growth of the innovation economy."
The letter from TechNet, a technology lobbying group, was one of a flurry of letters from supporters and opponents that have been aimed at lawmakers and the White House this week as the "fast-track" trade legislation heads to a vote as soon as Friday in the House. The Senate already has approved the bill, which would smooth the path for the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a sweeping Pacific Rim free trade and regulatory accord Obama is pursuing over the objections of most Democratic lawmakers.
As The Post reported last week, the TPP aims to reduce tariffs, but also to strengthen patents for pharmaceutical, financial and information technology companies, extend copyrights for entertainment studios, and safeguard the free flow of data across borders for Internet and software firms. It is in those areas, independent economists have said, that the TPP could have the biggest impact in the United States.
In their letter, the Silicon Valley executives said that to fast-track bill "maintains America's strong and established support for the export of hardware, semiconductors, parts and other equipment while modernizing [the legislation] to create new and necessary protections against damaging forced localization requirements and support for cross-border data flows, which are essential to the future of the digital economy."
Story highlights Bernie Sanders is stoking more political speculation with visits to Iowa, New Hampshire
The independent senator was in Iowa a month ago for three events
He has been reluctant to confront Hillary Clinton, the Democratic favorite, directly
Bernie Sanders is headed back to Iowa and New Hampshire for a handful of events that are sure to stoke more presidential speculation in the independent senator.
Sanders, according to his spokesman, will hold three events in the Hawkeye State this weekend, followed by one event in New Hampshire later in the week.
The Vermont senator will headline an Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement town hall meeting in Davenport, Iowa on Saturday.
On Sunday, Sanders will headline the Johnson County Democratic Party barbecue in Iowa City and keynote an Iowa Citizens Action Network meeting in Coralville.
Later in the week, on October 10, Sanders will hold a town hall meeting at the University of New Hampshire with, according to his office, "students and community members" from the university.
JUST WATCHED Sanders calls for political revolution Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sanders calls for political revolution 01:25
JUST WATCHED Sen. doesn't want U.S. leading ISIS fight Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sen. doesn't want U.S. leading ISIS fight 05:10
JUST WATCHED Sen. Bernie Sanders storms Iowa Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sen. Bernie Sanders storms Iowa 00:58
These events come less than a month after Sanders held a three-event tour of Iowa, where the senator spoke to audiences in Des Moines, Dubuque and Iowa City.
"We need a political revolution in this country," Sanders said in Dubuque . "Politics is terribly important, and what happens in Washington and state capitals is also enormously important."
Sanders has been open with the fact that he is considering a run at the presidency, but has not committed to the race and has been reluctant to openly take on Hillary Clinton, the prohibitive favorite for the Democrat's nomination in 2016.
In an interview with CNN last month , Sanders broke with that reluctance and challenged Clinton to talk about campaign finance reform, public funding of elections and other liberal issues.
"Now is Hillary Clinton going to say that," the senator asked after talking about his platform.
Battered and bruised picture prompts questions about rise of extremism in western cities
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
April 10, 2013
A photo of a bruised and beaten gay man who claims he received his injuries while walking through a Muslim suburb of Paris arm in arm with his boyfriend has provoked shock and fresh concerns about the rise of ethnic extremism in western cities.
“A man in Paris, France was reportedly beaten for walking with arm in arm with his boyfriend Olivier early Sunday morning. Wilfred de Bruijn, a French resident, says he was assaulted while walking in Paris' 19th arrondissement. He says he sustained several injuries, including a missing tooth, broken bones, and fractured pieces of bone in his skull. He posted a photo of his wounds on his Facebook page with the caption “Sorry to show you this. It's the face of homophobia,” reports Al Jazeera.
The 19th arrondissement of Paris is mainly populated with Muslim and North African immigrant families and who live adjacent to Orthodox jews. The area is known for suffering high rates of crime fueled by “gang warfare,” and ethnically-charged clashes are commonplace.
The 19th arrondissement was also the location of some of the worst scenes of unrest during the city's riots in 2005. Muslim extremists also attacked a gay club in Paris last year.
While the majority of people responded to de Bruijn's photo by noting how it reflected the sad state of human rights in 2013, some accused him of faking the story, asking why the wounds were not dressed and why de Bruijn only took 10 days sick leave from work.
It is important to emphasize that most Muslims abhor violence and that those who resort to it are in the minority.
However, many see the rise of Muslim extremism in western cities as a growing menace that is being downplayed as a result of political correctness.
In January 2010, videos began to emerge of so-called “Muslim patrols” in different areas of London. Although condemned by mosques, the aim of the patrols was to create “Muslim zones” where behavior such as drinking alcohol, dressing inappropriately, or appearing to be homosexual was met with intimidation and threats by gangs of Muslim men.
Signs that read “Sharia controlled zone” have also been plastered all over communities in London and other UK cities, with residents warned, “You are entering a Sharia-controlled zone – Islamic rules enforced.”
On the other hand, numerous videos have also emerged of white people engaging in lurid racist rants against ethnic minorities on public transport. Such stories have received massive attention and countless thousands of comments. White people have also been the target of such rants metered out by blacks and Muslims.
The rise of social media and the widespread ability of people to film incidents in real time using cell phones has undoubtedly made it appear as if such activity is on the increase. However, the figures do show that “racist attacks” are increasing against both white populations and minorities in major western countries such as the United Kingdom and America.
Whether by accident or design, the intense media focus on these incidents has served to drive a further wedge between people of different ethnicity, faith and lifestyle – which in the long term will only serve to reduce the ability for people to unite under the banner of freedom in pursuit of their common interests.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com. He is the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a host for Infowars Nightly News.
UTF-8 output in cmd.exe: perl 5 vs perl 6 A. Sinan Unur December 27, 2014
I have mentioned before that there are some problems with UTF-8 output in cmd.exe with perl 5 .
When I successfully built a perl 6 binary, I was excited to see it produce perfectly good UTF-8 output.
To recap, here is output from perl 5 :
versus output from the perl 6 I built:
I am assuming the problem is obvious: With perl 5 , you get some trailing characters repeated.
At first, I thought perl 6 produced correct output was because it was doing "something" "right" for various values of "something" and "right".
Then, David Farrell reminded me the piping perl 6 output through more results in garbled output:
Of course, piping the output through Cygwin's fewer works as expected:
You can guess the source of the difference between perl 6 and perl 5 now:
Yes, perl 6 uses LF instead of CRLF on Windows.
Let's see what happens if I tack on extra CR s:
Yup, more now sees a CRLF following each digit, and doesn't cause garbled output.
Of course, we knew that giving up CRLF translation fixed perl 5 UTF-8 output in cmd.exe.
I am just happy to have figured out the difference between perl 6 and perl 5 .
After qualifying a disappointing seventh on Saturday, Vinales managed to recover to third place behind Repsol Honda duo Marc Marquez and Dani Pedrosa in a race dominated by strategy on a drying track.
The Yamaha rider was helped by making an earlier switch to his second bike than some of his rivals, including Rossi, who came home one place behind Vinales.
It marked Vinales' first podium finish since June's Mugello race, and came on the first race weekend that the Spanish rider used Yamaha's latest chassis on both of his bikes, bringing him in line with Rossi.
Speaking post-race, Vinales admitted that adopting a set-up similar to that of the Italian veteran was partly behind his strong dry pace.
“I think we've found the way again,” said Vinales, who now lies 14 points behind Marquez in the standings. “Valentino helped us find it.
“We tried a set-up very similar to his and we did well, and it was using the same chassis as him.
“I felt very good in the dry, like at the beginning of the year. I increased my confidence and I feel stronger in the title fight.
“The first laps [after pitting] were hard because it was difficult to get heat in the tyres and I had no feeling. I pitted a little late as well.
“To reach the podium is a good result, almost like a win.”
Vinales added that Monday's post-Czech GP test would be critical to his title hopes as he seeks to recapture the early-season form that took him to back-to-back wins in Qatar and Argentina.
“It's time to recover the feeling that we had in the first part of the season,” he said. “It's really, really important.
“We have to work so hard, to find the correct way on refine the chassis, the suspension, everything, to keep on a good level from here until the end of the season."
Additional reporting by Oriol Puigdemont
Come, let me introduce you to Embermine, our smart contract platform designed to empower users in all of their projects by guaranteeing proper revenue and royalty share between all collaborators.
Giving every day people the power of creating, negotiating, and empowering smart contracts in a manner that is intuitive and clear, while having the platform generate the complicated code required to create the custom smart contract and install it to the blockchain is enormous. It evokes in me the memories of working with the first beta WYSIWYG HTML generators in the early days of website development and how they helped create the massive surge in the accessibility and capabilities of those wishing to leverage the power of a website.
Embermine's purpose of placing this technology into the hand of every person is very ambitious, but also necessary in bringing smart contract and blockchain technology out of the shadows and demystifying it for the masses. Accomplishing that, the true power that these technologies can have to transform commerce and collaboration will be fully realized and harnessed.
Finally, Embermine's development is through a concerted effort to use its own philosophy of collaboration to bring it to life. Dedicated to an open-source development track, and by nurturing technical and philosophical dialogue with key organizations and thought leaders in areas such as blockchain development, smart contracts, identity protection, IP law, and digital distribution, Embermine will be more than just one idea by one company. It will be many ideas from many companies, fused with the common purpose of bringing people closer together with technology, not driving them apart.
So come visit us: www.embermine.com. Have something you want to ask, share, or comment? Let us know! Are you interested in collaborating with us, or even wanting to know more about the platform for your own personal endeavors? Contact us! We will be announcing our plans for an open beta soon, so stay tuned!
Mohammad Reza Pourshajari, a jailed blogger known by his pen name Siamak Mehr, wrote an open letter from prison where he spoke of torture and extremely difficult conditions in prison. The letter, dated March 6, 2014 was widely republished by many websites at the end of March.
The 52-year old blogger is serving a 4-year sentence in Ghezel Hesar Prison in Karaj, which is north-west of Tehran. He was arrested on September 12, 2010 on charges of insulting the Prophet and enmity towards God in his blog posts.
In the letter, Pourshajari wrote:
… as soon as I was arrested in my apartment by security forces, I was tortured, beaten and threatened to be executed… I am one of the victims of the Islamic regime's repression. I was sentenced to four years in prison for writing about injustice and violation of rights of [Iranian] citizens… I am writing this letter in a 21 square meter cell with 40 cellmates who are criminals, rapists, drug addicts… The Islamic Republic systematically represses fundamental civil rights and deprives people of freedom.
At the end of the letter, he invites the international community and governments who care for human rights to help Iranian people win their rights and freedom.
The blogger's daughter, Mitra Pourshajari, also wrote a letter in February 2014, explaining that her father's life is in danger. She said:
The authorities are refusing the transfer of Mr. Pourshajari to a medical facility and are depriving him of all his medications, in the hope that he will soon die. To [the prison authorities], the doctors' opinions are of no importance; they completely ignore them…. All Iranians are forced to obey and do whatever pleases the system.
A Facebook page has been launched to support the jailed blogger, with a copy of his letters and updates on his situation.
Here is a video, uploaded in December 2011, showing Siamak Mehr in chains, apparently on his way to court.
This review contains spoilers.
2.8 Holes
There was always something of a maudlin streak in the original Preacher comic book. Yes, lots of people were mutilated and killed and funny things happened, but at the same time Preacher is a book whose main focus is loss. Loss of faith, loss of family, loss of friends, loss of actual God... Preacher is as much about how characters deal with loss as it is about the characters themselves. Any power, no matter how mundane, requires certain sacrifices, and Cassidy the vampire is struggling with the responsible use of his power regarding his son Denis.
This episode belongs mostly to Joseph Gilgun, who has a pretty difficult task. He's supposed to carry the episode (as much as anyone on an ensemble show can be expected to carry things). Cas is the fun guy who is fun to mask his pain, which is a very old cliché indeed. It's difficult to keep that from being rote, and to make the character's sadness feel organic when for the most part he's been drinking and cracking jokes throughout the series. There have been little hints of darkness behind the smile, but it really shines through here.
Think about Cassidy for a moment. Yes, he won't die a natural death. Yes, he can regrow missing limbs with only a couple of pints of blood at his disposal. But, as he says when talking to Tulip, it's not all fun and games. He hasn't been to the beach in ages (though technically he could go at night after dark) and he has to watch all his friends and family, like his son Denis, die in front of him. As Tulip said so succinctly, it sucks. The moments in which Cas spends time with his son, be it in the nursery or while helping him through his sickness, are very sweet. Denis's desperation is a palpable thing; he's terrified to die and it's obvious despite the language barrier. Cassidy's conflicts works well, because we've seen the character be empathetic to others; he's had a good time, but the good time rarely seems to reach his eyes. He's not a drunk or a druggie so much as he's self-medicating an hundred years worth of pain. He sings sweetly to his newborn son, then takes a drink in the midst of the nursery because he knows that one day he's going to watch that baby die a broken old man.
The cliffhanging final moment of the episode only further emphasises the ambivalence that Cas has about turning his son versus watching him die. Either way, Denis is going to have a much different life than the one he'd been leading, but whether that's good or bad is kind of depending on the person. All three characters in Preacher have had a serious brush with death, and all three handle it in different ways. Jesse throws himself into his search for God, even following Cassidy's advice about going to see some tech nerds about the video of “God's” execution. Tulip alternates between not sleeping and going to the Hurt Locker (before throwing herself into apartment maintenance).
Mark Stevemann's script puts the bulk of the dramatic weight on Cas, and he handles it well. Tulip's meet-cute with Lara works well, and it will provide those two with a little additional complication down the line while making the Grail more of a direct threat. The little signs of the Grail's omnipresence, from the commercial in the background while Jesse sits in the waiting room of the electronics store to the watermark on the disc itself, is a nice touch. The show is working on growing The Grail's presence in the world slowly, and it seems to be paying off. The Grail is shaping up to be one of those organisations that is kind of well known, but that no one really knows just what it does, like Halliburton or the Rand Corporation.
There was nothing particularly revelatory about Preacher this week, and that's okay. The show is creating a new antagonist, while advancing the story of Eugene's time in hell. Jesse is getting observed and his quest is being noted; Eugene and Hitler might be coming up with a plan for Eugene to use to escape Hell. It's a slower, more character-based episode, but it's still satisfying to spend time with the characters and to get to know their universe a little bit better.
Read Ron's review of the previous episode, Pig, here.
US Correspondent Ron Hogan is kind of intrigued by the idea of the Hurt Locker now. Apparently, if you're Tulip, it's a whole lot of fun to be shot at. Find more by Ron daily at PopFi.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 4, 2013, 11:20 PM GMT By Alan Boyle, Science Editor
The discovery of the Higgs boson is the odds-on favorite for the Nobel Prize treatment next week — so much so that one spoof suggested the prize committee should just give it to the subatomic particle and be done with it. But even if the physics prize hails the Higgs as expected, there could still be plenty of drama over the decision.
Who'll receive the prize on Tuesday? That gets complicated: Traditionally, the scientific Nobels go to no more than three living individuals. Two theorists have been mentioned as the top names for Higgs honors: Peter Higgs, the Scottish physicist after whom the particle is named; and Belgium's Francois Englert, who also postulated the particle's existence back in 1964.
But three other researchers played a part in laying down the theoretical framework for the boson's role — Gerald Guralnik, Carl Hagen and Tom Kibble. Thousands of physicists were involved in the experiments that nailed down the evidence for the Higgs boson (or at least "a" Higgs boson) over the past couple of years. Shouldn't they get some share of the credit as well?
"It's a nightmare of a choice, which is the way things go," Thomson Reuters' David Pendlebury, who issues annual lists of Nobel-worthy scientists, told NBC News on Friday. "In many people's minds, it's not fair that the others are left out, but such are the rules of the Nobel Prize."
Large-group laureates?
There are ways to get around those rules. The Nobel Peace Prize, for example, has been awarded several times to organizations such as the European Union rather than to individuals. That's never happened with the scientific Nobels, but some prize-watchers suggest this is the right year to set a new precedent.
One option is to give the prize to Englert, Higgs and Europe's CERN physics lab. After all, CERN's Large Hadron Collider is where the evidence for the Higgs was finally found. Another option, favored by Columbia mathematician Peter Woit, would be for the Nobel committee members to recognize CERN and the collaborations for the LHC's two big experiments, CMS and ATLAS.
"I very much doubt that they're going to break with their tradition and award a prize to an institution," Pendlebury said. He noted that there are plenty of cases in the 112-year history of the prizes where someone deserving was left off the list. For example, in a perfect world, Oxford University's Norman Heatley would have been the fourth man on the list for the Nobel Prize for physiology and medicine in 1945, which was awarded for the discovery of penicillin.
"He was not perturbed by this at all," Pendlebury said of Heatley. "He was a model of grace."
Teachable moment
Regardless of who gets the Nobel, a prize that focuses on the discovery of the new subatomic particle would also focus fresh attention on the Higgs boson, which is a tough topic for people to wrap their heads around. Even Pendlebury admits that the details of the Higgs mechanism, and how it plays a role in endowing other subatomic particles with mass, are hard for him to explain. Nevertheless, he appreciates the significance of a scientific quest lasting nearly 50 years.
"Let's take it as given the importance of this discovery as it relates to our understanding of the Standard Model of physics," he said. "This discovery forms a kind of capstone to all this work."
Nobel recognition could provide a teachable moment for particle physics at just the right time, roughly halfway between the LHC's shutdown for upgrades and its scheduled restart in 2015. If the Higgs boson returns to the spotlight — or even if it doesn't — you can expect deep thoughts from the usual suspects on the Web. Here's a list of potential commentators, plus additional links to check out while you're waiting for the physics prize to be announced on Tuesday:
Alan Boyle is NBCNews.com's science editor. Connect with the Cosmic Log community by "liking" the NBC News Science Facebook page, following @b0yle on Twitter and adding +Alan Boyle to your Google+ circles. To keep up with NBCNews.com's stories about science and space, sign up for the Tech & Science newsletter, delivered to your email in-box every weekday. You can also check out "The Case for Pluto," my book about the controversial dwarf planet and the search for new worlds.
Home » Breaking News, Corruption, Manipulation, North America, Politics » BOMBSHELL: Podesta Received $35 Million from RUSSIA while Advising Clinton & Obama
John Podesta, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's 2016 national campaign chairman, may have violated federal law by failing to disclose the receipt of 75,000 shares of stock from a Kremlin-financed company when he joined the Obama White House in 2014, according to the Daily Caller News Foundation's Investigative Group.
Joule Unlimited Technologies — financed in part by a Russian firm — originally awarded Podesta 100,000 shares of stock options when in 2010 he joined that board along with its Dutch-based entities: Joule Global Holdings, BV and the Stichting Joule Global Foundation.
When Podesta announced his departure from the Joule board in January 2014 to become President Obama's special counsellor, the company officially issued him 75,000 common shares of stock.
The Schedule B section of the federal government's form 278 which — requires financial disclosures for government officials — required Podesta to “report any purchase, sale or exchange by you, your spouse, or dependent children…of any property, stocks, bonds, commodity futures and other securities when the amount of the transaction exceeded $1,000.”
The same year Podesta joined Joule, the company agreed to accept 1-Billion-Rubles — or $35 million — from Rusnano, a state-run and financed Russian company with close ties to President Vladimir Putin.
Anatoly Chubais, the company CEO and two other top Russian banking executives worked together with Podesta on the Joule boards. The board met six times a year.
Ron Hosko, a former FBI assistant director said because of the Kremlin backing, it was a essential Podesta disclose the financial benefits he received from the company.
Trump seemed to have prior knowledge of this as he urged his Twitter followers to watch the show about Podesta's exposure.
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017
This is GAME OVER! After spending the last six months accusing Trump of being a Russian agent, there is basically no way the democrats can live this down.
The media has no right to talk about Trump-Russia ties. It's over, we now have definitive proof of Clinton-Russia ties! Will the media go after the Democrats now? Let's see…
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017
…money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017
Rate this item: 1.00 2.00 3.00 4.00 5.00 Submit Rating No votes yet. Please wait...
RELATED ARTICLES
Did you like this information? Then please consider making a donation or subscribing to our Newsletter.
BERLIN, Dec 2 (IPS) – Government officials in Germany are being accused of manipulating threats of terrorism to induce public hysteria, even while warning against such reactions. The self-contradictory approach has prompted German citizens to call the terror warnings "farcical" and "negligent."
In mid-November, three separate instances of supposed terrorist threats were made public, only to be dismissed as hoaxes days later. This practice of "crying wolf" is leaving many Germans suspicious of their government's intentions.
On Nov. 17, the German police authorities announced that a bomb was discovered in the Namibian airport of Windhoek, in luggage addressed to Munich that was intended to be loaded into an airplane of the German airline LTU-Airberlin. The intelligence came from a detailed communiqué that turned out to be fake.
Soon after the announcement was made, authorities learned that the bomb was a dummy, a phony device most likely smuggled into the Namibian airport by an unknown secret service to test the facilities' security controls. However, the German government took 27 hours to officially clear the case, giving national press the opportunity to report at length on the alleged bomb, heightening public fears of attack.
In the interim, the Berlin interior minister Ehrhart Koertning used the occasion to make racist, xenophobic remarks, appealing to the German population to denounce "those neighbors whose appearance is alien, or who only speak foreign languages, especially Arabic."
Five days later, on Nov. 22, the German weekly newspaper Der Spiegel published a story based on leakages by government security sources, warning the public that Muslim fundamentalists were planning terrorist attacks against important German objectives, such as the Bundestag, the German parliament in Berlin.
According to Der Spiegel, Muslim terrorists were planning to storm the Bundestag and kidnap several members of parliament.
Immediately following publication of the story, German interior minister Thomas de Maizière called Der Spiegel‘s report "irresponsible" and "highly speculative" during a television debate on terrorism. He encouraged the German population to maintain "sober behavior" vis-à-vis the alleged menaces.
"A newspaper's story cannot be more important than the security of the population," de Maiziére said at a press conference, referring to Der Spiegel‘s report.
But the interior minister's remarks were inconsistent with his own behavior: just one week earlier, de Maizière had warned that according to "serious evidence by a foreign partner, an attack (against German public facilities) is planned for late November."
During the press conference, de Maizière affirmed that the German government had gathered "within the shortest time consistent evidence" of major risks for the country. "We have taken the appropriate measures to prevent such risks and discourage such attacks," he added.
Police presence at airports, train stations and around the Bundestag in Berlin increased substantially following the supposed threats.
But many German citizens are skeptical of the heightened terror threats, believing that the government is intentionally preying upon public anxieties.
For the respected political analyst and former prosecuting attorney Heribert Prantl, de Maizière's contradictory behavior is a "manipulation" of the diffuse terror anxieties of the population.
Prantl said that de Maizière's handling of the fake bomb "offers a foreboding of the case when a suspicious bag would be a real bomb."
Likewise, in an editorial comment in the leading German daily newspaper Die Suedeutsche Zeitung, German citizen Nicolas Richter called de Maizière's terror warnings "a farce".
"De Maizière's warnings only provoked confusion," Richter wrote. He referred to the German police press communiqués as "bumptious", and suggested that the police are "craving a state of emergency."
Richter added that the interior minister should "avoid such negligent warnings."
The German warnings came three weeks after similar events took place in France. In late October, government sources in Paris leaked reports to the local press that Muslim fundamentalists were planning to carry out terror attacks against objectives in French territory.
A month earlier, the French press reported that a Yemenite woman had been trained as a suicide bomber and was traveling towards France to commit an imminent terror attack. Soon after publication, the story was dismissed as a hoax.
As in Germany, the French reaction to the threat of terrorism was immediate, despite concrete evidence. On Nov. 2, French president Nicolas Sarkozy confirmed the alleged terrorist threats against France as "extremely serious", and called an urgent summit of all French security agencies to debate preventive measures.
"Our alertness against terrorism is intense and absolute," Sarkozy said. "We are closely cooperating with our international partners, not on daily but on hourly basis. We exchange information, we exchange our intelligence analysis, and we harmonize our reactions to the threats."
As in Germany, the warnings were followed by an increased presence of police forces in airports, train stations, and other public buildings. But one month later, the warnings have receded, and so too the police presence on the streets.
There have not been any major successes against the alleged Muslim terrorists in either country. But, many people fear, the warnings of imminent terrorist threats will continue regardless.
(Inter Press Service)
Read more by Julio Godoy
148 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Reddit Stumbleupon Weibo
Tony Hoffman is a former AA Pro BMXer, who raced competitively as an amateur and AA Pro over the course of ten years. Starting BMX in the mid-1990's, Hoffman has seen the sport of BMX evolve from the “party image sport” to the Olympic sport it has now become. During his time racing, Hoffman had a thirst for adopting technology into his training to help measure performance and understand what methods were working and if another approach could work better. After an ACL injury had sidelined Hoffman, ultimately leading him into his retirement, he continued to use technology for training, not on himself, but the athletes he now coaches.
Hoffman has spent his last five years of coaching working with several different training technologies and developing a unique correspondence coaching platform that reaches athletes across the globe. From young experts working up the ranks, to world champions, national champions and Olympic finalists. His adoption of technology and improvement in his current athletes has made him a high desired coach in the BMX community world wide.
Correspondence Coaching
Freelap USA — Tony, you do a lot of correspondence training because so many athletes need quality coaching. Obviously you do monitoring, blood analysis (InsideTracker), power meters, electronic timing, Velocity Based Training, but what do you do to keep the human element linking everything. Is a good phone call or Skype session showing up with compliance and connection when one is far away? Could you get into why remote coaching is such a great value and how coaches may be compensated by guiding year round?
Hoffman — I think that one of the strongest influences a coach can make with an athlete is when a relationship is built and there is absolute trust, for this to happen there has to be a certain level of communication. With remote coaching you can implement all of the safety nets in the world for your athletes with technology or have the best formula around but at the end of the day the athlete has to buy in completely with trust. I have a high volume of athletes, some traveling the world on Olympic and elite levels, others who are experts, that stay in the city or state which they live but one thing that does not change is my emphasis on the necessity for us to go beyond, “Coach” “Athlete”. I'm a big Google person and most of my communication with athletes is done via Google Hangouts and by doing this my athletes are able to see and feel my genuine care for their success as if I was there with them the whole time.
Remote coaching is extremely popular in BMX, and I think so because of its ease and implementation of structure to an athlete's program. Not everyone can find a local coach they believe in or afford hands on coaching because that can raise the cost exponentially. I'm using Google Docs to create spreadsheets of schedules and data points for athletes to enter daily, making their whole program accessible via smartphone. With companies like PayPal and Google Wallet, receiving payments from athletes is a breeze, regardless of what country they live in. At any rate, the attraction is an athlete that can pay 1/4-1/2 the price for hands on coaching by choosing remote and still have a polished regiment.
Carl's Take — Correspondence training is not always ideal, but not having something in place is a problem down the road for many coaches who have athletes that either live somewhere else during the offseason or they are competing and training in Europe during the competitive season (e.g. track and field). Having a few key pieces of equipment to help video or do monitoring is helpful, but the key is communicating effectively with good video conferencing. Several athletes like veterans and athletes who have no other options in their area are great users for remote or distance programs. Speaking of distance, endurance athletes are the best for correspondence programming but should have someone local because technique in any event is still important.
Benchmarks
Freelap USA — You have each athlete use electronic timing to manage power and transfer of the weight room and other areas of development. Can you share what tests you do to benchmark development over the season and career?
Hoffman — BMX and track and field sprinters share a lot of similarities concerning the physiological aspect, one of those being the ability to accelerate at phenomenal rates. An elite BMXer can get to 30mph in roughly 2.5 seconds at nearly 200 RPMs, creating over 2600 watts of power and after 30ft from the start they can change lanes in front of the competition. While we don't see the high demand for maximal velocity sprints, since obstacles impede its entirety, the acceleration component is very critical. For all of my athletes, their 30ft sprint times are the biggest benchmark, whether uphill, downhill or flat. We use this along side 90ft sprint times, watts per kilogram of body weight on the bike, mean power on various lifts in the gym and velocity changes with given weights. I do monitor vertical jumping height, but I do not place an emphasis on it like I do some of my other benchmarks.
Carl's Take — Every coach should have their benchmarks to hit based on their program. It's nice to take tables and workouts from other coaches, but be careful because you are relying on second-hand data and specifics that may not carryover to your program. Benchmarks to me are a sign of coaches trying to improve athletes and not baby them with inappropriate monitoring programs and bogus metrics. Benchmarks are also calendar specific, such as testing in the fall not having the same weight as testing in the spring for speed and power athletes.
Making Sense of the Data
Freelap USA — RPMs and wattage are popular areas of power meters, but could you get into more detail on why you use the above methods when you have timing. Clearly velocity is important, and you can manage power and monitor fatigue, but what about training design?
Hoffman — A great mentor of mine said to me one time, “Technology should not be used as an absolute compass but an indicator over time of how we change and adapt our program.” Training design is essentially the heart of why I continue to implement power meters, HRV (see Smarter Heart Rate Monitoring), blood labs, and Velocity Based Training even though I can manage an athlete with timing only. What is the correlation between power, HRV, VBT and timing across different phases of an athletes training or competition phases? These are important questions we have to ask ourselves when looking at trends of performance and dissecting our formula because we can make small changes that have big impacts when done correctly. The hard part is leaving science to the scientist. As humans I find we love to overcomplicate simple processes. What I mean is, as coaches it's not our job to find meaning to every piece of data we collect but we should be able to define what data we need and how that helps us design better programs that increase athletic performance. For example, by implementing VBT into my program I was able to find certain holes in my competition phase and by making a simple adjustment my athletes are doing much better in season for longer.
Carl's Take — Velocity Based Training is growing with coaches in the weight room, but we need more effort in seeing what is done on the track or the field with speed and power. Combining both the weight room and speed data is far more effective when granularity and precision is high. The goal of technology is to help coaches get their program more polished rather than being reliant on the data to make all decisions.
I have said this time after time the poor and lack of use of wattage in athlete performance metrics is a problem. Effort is hard to evaluate, but efficiency and raw output can easily collect by combining body metrics, blood testing, and output sensors. Coaches in different sports can start creating interesting profiling from beyond simple jump tests but get as deep as elastic efficiency ratings and even Hemoglobin Mass. The more you have have experience doing evaluations the more specific you can get without loosing the big picture.
Athlete Recovery
Freelap USA — Recovery of athletes is a big area, and many athletes don't get enough sleep and eat properly. I think education is great, but what do you do in training to encourage a cause and effect relationship for the athlete to appreciate your advice?
Hoffman — Of all people, I am one to know that sometimes the best way to learn is by trial and error. I find it that most of my athletes go through this big learning curve of how technology exposes our shortcuts… We are not just talking rest and nutrition either, how about proper warm up? Did the athlete's times start really high and get better through the workout? “How well did you warm up before you started because it looks like you spent half of your session getting warm?” Did you wake up with a low HRV and start a sprint session hot but quickly drop off? “Were you up all night snap chatting your girlfriend across the world and totally blow your breakfast?” With proper technology in place, an athlete is able to see how their daily choices affect their training/racing performance and as their coach we discuss the matters and how they can improve through different choices. It is then, after they see their mistakes clearly, they are able to begin the process of ticking boxes, previously skipped, that are important to their progress.
Carl's Take — Many of my interviews have coaches talk about different recovery techniques or modalities, but always dance with the date that you came with, meaning don't forget the basics in training and lifestyle. I have found that the combination of blood testing, physiological monitoring, training data, and the results themselves are enough for athletes to connect the dots.
Racing Schedules and Travel
Freelap USA — Racing schedules are international, and many athletes are not travel experts. How do you attack development long term but keep athletes fresh to race well without just doing maintenance workouts? Any creative solutions here?
Hoffman — This is a very good question and I won't be providing any grand breaking information, haha. With BMX schedules, building an athletes engine and racing in season can be extremely tough. Here's why, as an Elite, you can run up to 16 laps in a weekend, with laps anywhere between 400-500 meters in distance, the physical demand and need for recovery is high. Personally, I believe we run far too many laps because you finish one weekend totaling 16 laps, then catch a flight 2 days later for a race in Europe. Sponsors want you at all the races and money is on the line for a group of athletes who are not compensated fairly for their gifts, making the ability to skip a race for solid training hard. This means I have to be extra careful when and where we put workouts. One thing technology can not do for us, is give personal feed back on how they feel and sometimes I will take risk with my more intuitive athletes using personal feedback on their morale. I can talk to some of my Olympic and elite athletes about their levels of motivation and at times determine if we can deviate from the general protocol to try and meet a goal further down the line without it hurting us. Every sport and athlete is different and I think this is where we as coaches must get to know are athletes well enough that making these decisions goes beyond technology and protocol.
Carl's Take — Travel and competition are always compromises to the need of balancing entertainment and preparation. Sometimes good solutions don't exist beyond experience and knowing when it's better to suggest a good Mexican restaurant on the road than worry too much if the ice machine is not working in some random city in Europe. I highly suggest athletes new to international travel get orientated with checklists and detailed itineraries so everything is planned. Many athletes are finding out the hard way with Olympic sport that a year on the road is why some post collegiate are struggling, not just because change of coaches or shoe contract pressures. Sometimes just having a coach there, or at least a friend on the circuit can be a big difference.
Please share so others may benefit from this article.
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton has told President Obama that she will stay in office until her successor is confirmed, but said in an interview that “this is not an open-ended kind of time frame.”
“It's really still my same time frame,” Clinton said, reiterating her intention to step down after one term even if Obama is reelected. “I'm aiming to leave shortly after the inauguration; that's my plan. But I haven't been able to sit down and talk to the president yet because he's trying to win an election, which hopefully will be finalized shortly. And then we will talk through how to do the transition.”
Clinton was responding to news reports that she was considering staying on longer to deal with matters related to the Sept. 11 attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, which killed U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.
The reports had set off a minor flurry of speculation that Clinton — among the most popular members of Obama's Cabinet and still the most-rumored Democratic presidential candidate for 2016 — might be willing to remain for a partial or full second term if Obama is reelected. She has said repeatedly that she would serve only one term.
White House press secretary Jay Carney seemed happy to leave that door open while Obama is in a tough reelection fight with Republican Mitt Romney and might benefit from the possibility of Clinton staying on board.
“I think you heard the president say very explicitly what an excellent job she's done as secretary of state and how he would, of course, like her to stay on,” Carney told reporters aboard Air Force One on Thursday. “I can't say it better than the way the president said it last night in terms of his interest in having her stay if she could be persuaded.”
But in an interview later Thursday, Clinton underlined that she is unlikely to be persuaded.
“I'm not really open to staying longer, but I also know that we have to be conscious of the work that has to be done,” she said. “And again, I'll have to talk to the president.”
Clinton was a surprise choice for the job after her bitter fight with Obama for the Democratic nomination in 2008. Clinton has said she will not run for president in 2016, but speculation remains rampant that she could be persuaded to change her mind.
If Obama beats Romney, the idea that Clinton might linger beyond Inauguration Day is not unusual. Cabinet members often remain in office until a successor is confirmed by the Senate.
Gen. Colin L. Powell, President George W. Bush's first secretary of state, had cleared out his office and removed portraits from the walls the day before Bush's second inauguration in January 2005. But the Senate, where members remained angry over the Iraq war, did not confirm Condoleezza Rice as his replacement for a week, and Powell remained in place until then.
One of the people mentioned to succeed Clinton, Susan E. Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, has been damaged by the political fallout from the Benghazi attack. Rice delivered the administration's message five days after the attack on network talk shows, which raised her public profile ahead of a possible nomination. But her suggestion that the attack was partially rooted in protests over an anti-Islam video was quickly discredited.
Clinton said the decision on a successor belongs to the president. She did talk about how the attack in Benghazi has affected her thinking, describing the “inherent tension” between keeping diplomats safe and engaging more with people beyond the walls of embassies, an idea she has championed.
Besides constantly taking stock of new threats, Clinton said the State Department is focusing on the host country's responsibility for protecting diplomatic missions.
“What if a country can't do that or refuses to do that?” she said. “That does introduce a new level of analysis that we have been working on for months. And what happened in Benghazi just throws that into high relief.”
Karen DeYoung and Anne Gearan contributed to this report.
Documents released by the Guardian indicate that Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker may have solicited and received corporate checks for the 2011 Senate recall fight and his own 2012 recall election.
The checks--cut from corporate treasuries, not granted by individuals--were deposited into the account of the dark money group Wisconsin Club for Growth, which prosecutors viewed as a "subcommittee" of Walker's campaign in violation of the statutes (11.10 (04)) as they were written at the time.
Moreover, it appears that Walker and the GOP-controlled legislature later took actions to benefit a number of these secret, corporate contributors and the public was none the wiser.
The Guardian expose focused on the shocking story of one corporate giver, lead pigment manufacturer Harold Simmons, who gave a $500,000 corporate check on top of $250,000 in personal contributions and was rewarded with a change to the law which would retroactively cancel the lawsuits of 173 children poisoned by lead paint. But other corporate donors got special treatment as well.
Wisconsin has had an absolute ban on corporate contributions in politics since 1905, when Republican Governor "Fighting Bob" LaFollette and the Wisconsin legislature were battling the corrupt stranglehold of railroad and timber barons on state government.
Wisconsin's corporate ban, 2011 Wis. Stat. Sec. 11.38, bars any foreign or domestic corporation from making "any contribution or disbursement, directly or indirectly, either independently or through any political party, committee, group, candidate or individual for any purpose other than to promote or defeat a referendum." Violators could be subject to significant penalties many times what they contributed (11.60 (3)). In addition, no "political party, committee, group, candidate or individual" could accept any contribution prohibited by this section of the statutes or they could be found guilty of a Class I felony and the statute even provides for a forfeiture of a candidate right to office. (11.38 (1 ) (b) and 11.61 (1) (b) 11.61 (3) (a)). Citations are to the law in effect at the time.
In 2015, the legislature made extensive changes to the campaign finance chapter, but did not make those changes retroactive.
There were ways for corporate interests to give legally, such as registering a PAC or conduit, but these vehicles needed to be registered with the state and were subject to limits and disclosure, the bedrocks of a transparent campaign finance system.
At the time of the recall elections, corporations could also give to outside spending groups, as long as those groups were acting independently of the candidate.
Walker knows the rules governing corporate checks. Aside from a brief stint after college as a fundraiser, Walker has been a career Wisconsin politician.
Included in the new documents is a never-before-seen snippet of an interview with Walker conducted by prosecutors related to John Doe I dated March 22, 2012, where Walker is asked about corporate checks and indicates that he knows quite well they are barred. Walker is asked what his finance committee was soliciting for his first gubernatorial race, small donors, middle donors, corporate donors? "Yeah, it would vary," responds Walker, but "It wouldn't be corporate donors." "'Cuz you can't do that." (Ex. 99, 1-100 doc.)
But documents indicate that Walker was the chief fundraiser for the secretive Wisconsin Club for Growth during the recall period and corporate checks were a major part of the fundraising strategy for the 2011 recall elections and for Walker's own recall.
The corporate solicitation strategy was made clear in dozens of emails and talking points prepared for Walker by chief fundraiser Kate Doner.
4/28/2011 Doner email to T. Boone Pickens' representative: "Wisconsin Club for Growth can accept Corporate and Personal donations without limitations and no donors [sic] disclosure."
05/04/2011 Doner talking points for Walker tell him to ask Karl Rove "to ask his corporate connections to give money to WICFG."
05/31/2011 Doner talking points for Walker for Lowry Mays (Clear Channel): "Would he give $250K for your 501c4. Let him know that you can accept corporate contributions and it is not reported."
The donors got the message. Although it is quite likely that not everyone approached gave a check, many corporate checks flowed into the coffers of WCFG.
The memo lines of many checks written to Wisconsin Club for Growth include clear references to Governor Walker and the 2011 and 2012 recall election say prosecutors: e.g., "501 c4-Walker," "For Governor Walker's Recall Election," "Governor Scott Walker," "because Scott Walker asked," "per Governor Walker," "Scott Walker project," "Senate Recall Support," "to fight the Walker recall," "recall elections," "Recall campaigns."
The money was so valuable to the Governor that he sent personal thank you notes.
In August 20, 2011 after the recalls were over, Walker asks Mary Stitt, R.J. Johnson, and Keith Gilkes, "did I send out thank you notes to all of our c(4) donors?" (Ex. 37, 1-41 doc.)
On September 7, 2011 Kate Doner advises Walker, Gilkes, and R.J. Johnson in an email subject: Walker Recall Fundraising Efforts – thoughts: "Here are my quick thoughts on raising money for Walker's possible recall efforts. I am happy to put into an official "plan."
"CFG: -Make nice with RSLC -Lock down $ commitments from RGA, RNC, AFP now -Take Koch's money -Get on a plane to Vegas and sit down with Sheldon Adelson. Ask for $1m now. -Corporations. Go heavy after them to give. -Create new c4. Club for Growth name has issues."
Doner prepared detailed opposition research on donors for Walker. On November 14, 2011, Walker campaign manager Keith Gilkes sends a 13-page opposition research memo prepared by Kate Doner to Walker saying he wants Walker to be aware of the donor research so he would be aware of what he "might need to defend in in terms of contributions when these are disclosed." (Ex. 31.2, 1-100 doc.)
Prosecutors wrote "based on a review of this email and the contributors discussed contributions were accepted from some of the individuals, others made no contributions, while other made contributions to Wisconsin Club for Growth apparently in response to the vetting of the contributions by Friends of Scott Walker."
Brent Ferguson an attorney and campaign finance expert at the Brennan Center for Justice in New York told the Center for Media and Democracy that the corporate checks were a new revelation and important.
"The emails contain evidence supporting the claim that Governor Walker solicited corporate money for a campaign group he controlled. Wisconsin has long banned such corporate contributions to decrease the risk of corruption and its appearance," said Ferguson. The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled in 2015 that coordination over ads was permissible as long as it did not involve "express advocacy" or its functional equivalent, but many of the ads run by groups that appear to be coordinating their activities with the Walker campaign were the functional equivalent of express advocacy according to a review by CMD.
Below we list a few of the corporate checks that may have been solicited by the Governor for his own 2012 recall election.
Walker's schedule indicates he flew to fossil fuel giant Devon Energy's corporate headquarters on April 11, 2012 for a "WCFG Reception." An email dated April 17, 2012 contains talking points for a Walker call to Larry Nichols the CEO. The talking points say "ASK him to contribute $250k" "in support of your recall" (emphasis original). Devon Energy sent a corporate check for $50,000 to WCFG May 3, 2012 say prosecutors. (Ex. 58, 1-100 doc.)
Walker had multiple contacts with Chris Lofgren, CEO of Schneider National a trucking firm located in Green Bay. Schneider sent out a fundraising letter for him and Schneider Enterprise Resource gave him a number of large checks, one for $25,000 in January 2012 and another for $40,000.
On April 26, 2012 Walker was scheduled to do a phone call with Barry MacLean CEO of MacLean-Fogg. A corporate check from MacLean-Fogg for $100,000 dated May 14, 2012 was sent to WCFG.
Walker was scheduled to do a phone call with JB Hunt Transport CEO John Roberts III on April 3, 2012. A $10,000 wire was sent to WCFG from JB Hunt the trucking company in June 5, 2012 say prosecutors.
The American public, both Democrats and Republicans, overwhelmingly support full disclosure of campaign contributions because they suspect special interests get special treatment. Too often they are right. Some of Walker's corporate givers may have gotten something for their money.
Helping Predatory Pay Day Lenders
The Guardian records indicate that Walker was scheduled to meet EZCorp CEO Eric Fosse on January 11, 2012. WCFG secured $35,000 from Texas EZPawn LP a few days later. The next year, Republicans on the state's budget committee quietly slipped a measure into the budget through a last-minute Motion 999 to allow payday lenders to declare a loan in default a mere 10 days after a payment was overdue, rather than the 40 days as previously reported the Capitol Times' Jack Craver. The payday lending industry lobbied for the measure and Walker declined to veto it.
Helping Billionaire John Menard
Records indicate that John Menard, the owner of the big box store that bears his name, apparently sent two $1 million corporate checks from Menards Inc. to WCFG in June 2011 and April 2012. Walker boasts in an email on June 14, 2011: "I got $1 million from John Menard today." Email records indicate Walker and his wife were scheduled to have dinner with the Menards in November 2012 a rendezvous organized by Menard's attorney John R. Behling (later appointed to the UW Board of Regents by Governor Walker.)
After secret donations from Menard, Inc., the firm was awarded up to $1.8 million in special tax credits from a state economic development corporation that Walker chaired, as reported Michael Isikoff in 2015.
Helping Gogebic Taconite
As reported previously, an out of state mine was also a big donor and big beneficiary of favorable legislation in Wisconsin. In the Guardian documents, prosecutors wrote that bank records show that the Gogebic Taconite (GTAC) mining company contributed at least $930,000 in corporate checks to WCFG and $300,000 to WMC-IMC in 2011-2012. (2014 Schmitz affidavit, 18). The company Gogebic Taconite is cited, not an individual employee.
This is in contrast to the $67,068 Walker's campaign committee received publicly from the mine's owners, the company's employees, and other mining industry executives from 2010-2012, according to the Wisconsin Democracy Campaign.
It is also notable that in the newly released documents, Governor Walker's Chief of Staff Keith Gilkes tells another Walker staffer Ryan Murray in a July 24, 2011 email "we should find out exactly what is in our mining account." During those years, GTAC lobbied the legislature to allow the firm to dig an open-pit iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin and to restrict access to managed forest land located near the mining site to inhibit protesters.
In 2013, Walker signed a highly controversial bill, written by GTAC lobbyists and passed by the Republican-led Legislature that decimated environmental regulations for iron mining as they pushed to open their mine in northern Wisconsin. After a multiyear effort they project was later abandoned as unfeasible.
Helping Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce
According to the Guardian documents, prosecutors said that in preparation for the gubernatorial recall, on December 22, 2011, WMC sponsored a conference call for Walker with some of the state's largest corporations.
Prosecutors said that a few hours after the call, WMC lobbyist James Buchen emailed Walker directly at his private email address asking "to talk about the future of the UI and WC councils. I think this is something that really needs your attention." (Schmitz Affidavit, 2014). (This was referring to Wisconsin's Unemployment Insurance and Workers Compensation systems.) Prosecutors point to Senate Bill 200, introduced May 24, 2013, which required people receiving unemployment benefits to provide even more evidence they were applying for jobs, further penalized anyone who declined a job offer, and most importantly gave the state access to bank account information and the power to freeze bank accounts of individuals who allegedly owed money to the UI system.
According to state records, WMC and other business groups lobbied for the bill and Walker signed it into law.
Walker has denied any wrongdoing today.
Lisa Graves and Arn Pearson contributed to this report.
Martin Keown is currently travelling around the Far East with the Arsenal marketing and communications team as the club finalise details for their summer tour.
Having already played an active part at a press conference in Hong Kong announcing the friendly with Kitchee FC, the legendary centre-back, appearing very comfortable talking to the media as an ambassador for the club, has also spoken on television in Beijing.
Answering questions from Chinese Arsenal fans, the ex-England defender gave his view on the Robin van Persie contract situation making clear that the Dutchman was an integral part of Arsene Wenger's set-up and not a player the club could afford to lose.
“We have to keep him. We've lost of course Fabregas and Nasri last summer. The team has done very well to adjust.
“It's interesting to see how he has developed. I was at the club when he came as a young man and I think the captaincy has given him something extra.
“He's a real figurehead for the team and we can rely on him to score. He's our Messi.
“He scores the goals, which are really important for the team. It would be a backwards step to lose him.
“I can't imagine he'd get the same adulation if he went anywhere else – the Arsenal fans love him and they recognise now that we need to get this [contract talks] sorted out.
“Maybe it's linked to how successful the team is going to be, but he certainly looks happy at the moment. He's in great form.”
It's great to see Keown sporting the club blazer and speaking with such passion about The Arsenal. That a popular figurehead of such importance to the club's recent history has been drafted in by the Gunners hierarchy is not only a great marketing coup as the Arsenal brand expands in the Far East, but also a vital step in ensuring that traditions are passed down from generation to generation at the Emirates.
As for his views on Van Persie – it's clear to see the man thinks not just as an analyst of the game, but also a fan. Let's hope the captain heeds his call.
Thanks again to @SiuFay for the video link.
Here, from Peter Levring, is a discussion of high private household debt in Sweden and Norway and Denmark, along with some remarks by Paul Krugman. Here is an excerpt from Levring:
In Denmark, consumers owe their creditors 321 percent of disposable incomes, a world record that the Paris-based OECD said in November demands a policy response. In Sweden, debt by that measure is close to 180 percent, a level the government and central bank say can't be allowed to rise. Norway's central bank has struggled to find a policy mix that addresses its 200 percent private debt burden.
Here is a sustained argument, from Jesse Colombo, that Singapore is due for a crash:
This chart from Nomura shows that Singapore's loan growth has far outpaced its nominal GDP growth in recent years, making for the worst credit-GDP growth gap in Asia…
The optimistic stance of course is to focus on Singapore's net asset position, quality governance, and its new and enhanced role in an “Average is Over” world. The same can be said for the Nordics as well.
Those inclined to pick on Malaysia can read the argument here, or try the Philippines.
China seems more like 2015 at this point, if that. And the Russian bailout bought some time for Ukraine.
Or, from Alen Mattich, Canada may be the next victim:
Canadian house prices are very clearly bubbly. By one estimate Canada's house price to rent ratio–an important metric–is the furthest from historic trends than any country in the world right now. Various estimates have Canadian house prices at between a third and two-thirds over-valued.
I am myself inclined to think Thailand and Turkey are most vulnerable over say the next year, maybe Greece too, in part because of the accompanying political dysfunctions in each case. And is India's recovery already over? Indonesia still has troubles ahead.
One key question is the relative worry weights you assign to private debt vs. bad institutions.
What about the rest of the world? The eurozone is seeing ongoing credit contraction and perhaps deflation too. Japan just announced a surprisingly large and apparently persistent current account deficit. And the United States? Things look pretty good, but in fact by the standards of historical timing we are soon due for another recession.
I'll put my money on Turkey.
Randy Sexton has been in NHL front offices since the 1990s. Fast-rising Steve Greeley is at the start of his career.
Both are bringing their ideas to Buffalo.
Sabres General Manager Jason Botterill named two assistant GMs on Monday, hiring Sexton from the Pittsburgh Penguins and Greeley from the New York Rangers. Sexton will also serve as general manager of the Rochester Americans.
“Randy and I developed a positive working relationship during our time in Pittsburgh, and I think his experience and insight will be advantageous for our front office,” Botterill said. “In Steve, we have hired a talented hockey executive who will offer unique insight to our organization.
“They both have experience at all levels of the game, and we think they will be valuable assets for the Buffalo Sabres moving forward.”
The hiring of Sexton was expected. Formerly a general manager in Florida and Ottawa, Sexton spent the last seven seasons with the Penguins' scouting department. He joined Pittsburgh as assistant director of amateur scouting in 2010, and he spent the last two seasons as the director of amateur scouting.
The 57-year-old will be in charge of rejuvenating the Sabres' minor-league team. Rochester has missed the playoffs the last three seasons and has won just two playoff games since 2010.
Sexton got his start in Ottawa, co-founding the Senators in 1992. He rose to president, chief executive officer and GM before a midseason dismissal in December 1995. Sexton was the Panthers' general manager in 2009-10 after working as assistant GM for two seasons.
He was an assistant coach for St. Lawrence University in the mid-1980s and holds a master's degree in business administration from Clarkson.
The 36-year-old Greeley has spent the past two seasons as the Rangers' assistant director of player personnel. Before that, he was well-acquainted with Sabres forwards Jack Eichel and Evan Rodrigues. Greeley was associate coach and recruiter at Boston University for two seasons, including the Terriers' run to the national championship game with Eichel and Rodrigues in 2015.
The former BU player worked in the scouting department for the Los Angeles Kings from 2006 to 2013. He was a pro scout for the final four seasons and helped in evaluating trade targets and free-agent acquisitions. Greeley also served as a regional scout for the U.S. National Team Development Program from 2009 to 2012.
The Sabres have named former assistant GM Mark Jakubowski as their vice president of hockey administration. The Frontier High School graduate has been with the Sabres since 2005, including the last three as assistant GM. He handled the salary cap and contract negotiations.
While the Sabres' front office seems set, Botterill needs to work on the scouting staff. Buffalo fired its director of amateur scouting in April. Head amateur scout Jeff Crisp helped run the draft table over the weekend. Botterill can promote from within or look elsewhere.
The Sabres also need assistant coaches for Phil Housley in Buffalo and a full coaching staff in Rochester.
----------
The Sabres issued qualifying offers to six of their nine restricted free agents prior to Monday's deadline. They retained the rights to goaltender Robin Lehner ($3.15 million), forwards Marcus Foligno ($2.25 million), Zemgus Girgensons ($1.15 million), Johan Larsson ($997,500) and Evan Rodrigues ($787,500), and defenseman Nathan Beaulieu ($1 million).
The players do not have to sign the one-year offers. They can negotiate for longer terms or more money, or file for arbitration.
Buffalo declined to give qualifying offers to defensemen Brady Austin and forwards Jean Dupuy and Justin Kea. They became unrestricted free agents.
Several recognizable names failed to get qualifying offers around the NHL, including former Sabres first-round pick Mikhail Grigorenko of Colorado, Wheatfield's Adam Clendening of the New York Rangers and Amherst's Dylan Blujus of Tampa Bay.
----------
The Sabres and defenseman Taylor Fedun agreed to a two-year, two-way deal. His NHL salary will be $650,000 each season. The 29-year-old was set to become an unrestricted free agent.
Fedun appeared in 27 games with Buffalo last season, recording seven assists. He added five goals and 23 points in 29 games with Rochester.
The multiyear contract gives stability to Fedun, who has led a journeyman life since graduating from Princeton in 2011. He played for Edmonton, Vancouver, San Jose and all their minor-league teams before joining the Sabres last season.
The signing gives the Sabres flexibility on the right side of their blue line. The only other right-handed shots are Rasmus Ristolainen, Zach Bogosian and Casey Nelson.
The near 100-year-old, 200-acre east Detroit park will add football and soccer fields, tennis courts and the state's first urban conservation school for K-12 students.
Buy Photo The newly formed Chandler Park Conservancy will oversee a $20-million transformation of the 200-acre east Detroit recreation area. (Photo: Kimberly Mitchell/Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
A group of longtime and former Detroit residents has formed the Chandler Park Conservancy to oversee a $20-million transformation of the near 100-year-old, 200-acre east-side park that will include new football and soccer fields, tennis courts and the state's first urban conservation school for K-12 students.
"The entire park will be a living lab for ecology and conservation," said Maggie DeSantis, president and CEO of the East Side Community Network, formerly the Warren-Conner Development Coalition, which is facilitating the project for the conservancy. Nearly half the money is in hand, including the funding for the school and fields. The conservancy continues to raise the rest.
"We want students at the school to be able to learn about the environment through the park, whether it's wetlands, certain kinds of trees, flower gardens or food gardens," she said. "The campus will deal with infrastructure installations that everybody understands since the flooding last August."
That massive flooding, which caused an estimated $1.1 billion in cleanup and repair costs, left hundreds of Detroiters with flooded basements, sewers and yards. The disaster cast a light on the need for legions of conservation and environmental workers in our community and made clear that the antiquated Detroit water system that manages storm water could use some help from additional management systems.
Buy Photo The Chandler conservancy emerged last year from the Chandler Park Promise Coalition, which had worked nearly a decade to overcome a failed Salvation Army pledge. (Photo: Kimberly Mitchell/Detroit Free Press)
DeSantis said the school will be a regional campus, eventually accommodating 800 students who will run the park's storm water management and irrigation system through tree canopies, rain gardens and other methods. Their work will save the city money and train future employees who can help do the same for other parks, she said.
Besides the school and athletic fields, which are slated to open in September 2016, the plans call for community gardens and updates to the historic comfort station.
All serve to complement the Wayne County Family Aquatic Center, the city's only water park, which continues to operate on the grounds and is loved by local parents like Lisa Vosburg, a sign language interpreter and mother of four who goes to the park with a group of about 26 neighbors several times a month.
"It's awesome. It's an absolutely beautiful place," she said, adding that the aquatic center "is just as nice as what we have in Grosse Pointe Park. It's super clean, and the lifeguards were incredible."
Vosburg, 36, said that she and her husband, Brian Vosburg, an urban planner, lived in Detroit for 10 years, but finally had to move to find good schools. She said that had the school planned on the Chandler Park grounds happened sooner, they might have stayed.
Buy Photo A playscape at Chandler Park on Detroit's east side waits for kids to return. A conservancy group will give $20 million to make over the 200-acre park. (Photo: Kimberly Mitchell, Detroit Free Press)
"My children are 11, 9 years old and one just turned 6," she said. "That would have been an absolute game-changer for us four years ago because that was one of our biggest reasons to move."
As the city's landscape changes, dictated by various plans and community groups and city government, the conservancy made sure that its plans mesh with those of the Lower Eastside Action Plan (LEAP) and the Detroit Future City Strategic Framework.
"The fulfillment of this vision for Chandler Park will be a giant step forward for Detroit's east side," Jim Nicholson, CEO of PVS Chemicals, said in the transformation's strategic outline. "The stewardship of our natural resources and the development of social and recreational opportunities for people of all ages will greatly enhance our community for years to come."
The park renovation comes a month after a bankruptcy judge approved Detroit's plans to restructure its debt and emerge from bankruptcy. Rather than lead to chaos, the bankruptcy united residents statewide to save one Detroit icon — the Detroit Institute of Arts — and inspired residents across the city to find ways to improve their own neighborhoods, improvements they know the city can no longer afford.
Last month, the Kresge Foundation announced it would award millions of dollars in grants to projects that transform neighborhoods. And last year, River Rouge Park — thanks to Lear and dogged efforts by state Rep. Harvey Santana, D-Detroit — re-opened its two Olympic-sized swimming pools for the first time in decades.
Ending disappointment
Inspired by the Belle Isle Conservancy, which was formed to support the city's island and state park, the Chandler conservancy emerged last year from the Chandler Park Promise Coalition, which had worked for nearly a decade to come back from a reneged-upon promise from the Salvation Army.
In 2005, the Salvation Army's eastern Michigan division announced to much fanfare plans to build the Ray and Joan Kroc Center. But four years later, the group abandoned those plans, despite myriad and creative attempts to change their minds. The coalition was dogged in its continuing pursuit.
"Within about three days of the Salvation Army announcement, the phone lines started burning up," DeSantis said. Within a week, dozens of people came together and formed the Save Our Kroc coalition. At their urging, Mayor Ken Cockrel Jr. tried to intervene, but he was unsuccessful.
So the group put together a caravan of three buses carrying 150 people and headed for the Salvation Army's regional headquarters in Chicago. They picketed outside to no avail. Finally, they took one last stand for the holidays.
"In November, when the big red kettle went up at Campus Martius, we created Save Our Kroc wooden nickels and gave them out so people could drop them into the Salvation Army bucket. They did that until security escorted them off the property," DeSantis said.
Undaunted, the group decided to go ahead on its own. Now that the dream is nearing fruition, DeSantis said the group wants to "thank the Salvation Army for raising our expectations."
Building excitement
Armed with a grant from the Kellogg Foundation and a designation of Premier Park status from the city, the group began raising funds on its own. Last year, the Detroit Police Department began dedicated patrols day and night in the park.
"I grew up near Pingree Park, and we played baseball there," the conservancy's chairman, Phil Pierce, 62, said in the project's strategic plan.
"But when we had our baseball tournaments, we knew that if we made it far enough, we would end up playing for the championship at Chandler Park. So making it to Chandler Park was making it to the big time," said Pierce, managing member of Pierce, Monroe and Associates, a financial management and information technology consulting firm.
In a later interview, Pierce, a volunteer and donor, added that he hopes to see that same excitement about the park again. He's doing his part.
"When I talk to others who grew up in the area, and I advocate or encourage them to make a contribution, their giving is without hesitation, those who are familiar with the park," he said.
And for anyone who isn't, he makes them familiar real quick.
"I was standing with a client friend recently and giving him the background of the park. He said, 'Why is it worth my donation?' I went on to tell him about the amenities when I was a kid but more importantly that we're trying to do return it to the luster we enjoyed as kids. I gave him my speech about the programs we're focusing on and the addition of the soccer field, football field, tennis courts and the green space. I said if I had to sum, it is worthful. 'Worthful' means having worth and merit and value. And Chandler has all three.
"He said, 'Boy, you're really into this, aren't you? All right, how much do you want?' "
The construction and renovations will last through 2017, the park's 100th anniversary as a Detroit entity — and beyond.
Realizing a dream
Like many Detroit parks, Chandler had fallen into disrepair. But the residents who grew up using it as kids never forgot its glory. They've taken those first ambitious plans from a century ago, and from a decade ago, and created a vision for the 21st Century.
A hundred years ago, park planners wanted Chandler to rival Belle Isle, with a new golf course, a casino, a concert venue, tennis courts and greenhouses. Ironically, in the 1960s, Detroit Public Schools officials and local residents discussed building an elementary school in the park. A half-century later, that dream will be realized.
The school, to be named the Lighthouse Academy at Chandler Park, will sit along Conner Creek Greenway. Excellent Schools Detroit CEO Dan Varner called the park plans "a promising and potentially game-changing set of ingredients for Detroit's east side: a high-performing public school, best-of-class recreation facilities and a conservation-themed campus to educate and inspire youth."
And Detroit PAL, which runs athletic programs for 11,000 children and trains more than 1,500 coaches and mentors each year, is a partner. One of its football teams began practicing at the park two years ago.
It was the first sports activity at the park in 20 years.
Buy Photo Chandler Park's $20-million makeover (Photo: Martha Thierry, Detroit Free Press)
4 Facts About Chandler Park
■Chandler is a regional park that covers 200 acres of land.
■Chandler has one of four Detroit-owned golf courses within the city limits. The city's fifth golf course is in Huntington Woods.
■The park was named for Zachariah Chandler, a well-known abolitionist and former Detroit mayor.
■Chandler Park originally was owned by Grosse Pointe, but was annexed by Detroit in 1916.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1DwCv5D
As this deviation is about to reach its 6000th fav, a little tribute is coming along for you! Stay tuned!Finally a real description for this picture. It started with a photo that I made on my first trip with my cam. But soon I recognized that this photo doesn't fit in right. And instead of deleting it, I created a new, a black, layer. And then just playing arround with with photoshop. The clouds are really confusing and a mixture of many cloudphotos and some brushwork.I know that this pic lacks of quality but it's one of my first space pics every and it's my most famous one. During the last month I've been trying to improve this deviation. Without success. I think it's like a ban.I'm happy that so many people around the world anyway like this picture and I want to thank you a lot for your attention and feedback.on gtgraphics 1024x7681280x10241600x12001440x9001920x1200I'm the creator. If you want to use this image, you have to note or email me. This is not a stock-image.______________________________I am available for commissions. Feel free to contact me:
Startup employees often do not get treated very well when it comes to stock compensation. New ideas float around occasionally, but lawyers are usually averse to trying new things, and investors don't feel that they have enough incentive to try something new for employees.
There are four major problems:
1) Employees usually don't get enough stock.
2) If an employee leaves the company, he or she often can't afford to exercise and pay taxes on their options.
3) Employee options sometimes get unfavorable tax treatment.
4) Employees usually don't have enough information about the stock or options.
Here are some proposed solutions:
1) Startups should give employees more stock. Value is created over many, many years. Founders certainly deserve a huge premium for starting the earliest, but probably not 100 or 200x what employee number 5 gets. Additionally, companies can now get more done with fewer people.
It's very difficult to put precise numbers on this because the specifics of every situation matter so much. Perhaps the best way to think about it is to try to come up with a total compensation package with the same expected value (using the company valuation of the last round, or a best-efforts guess if it's been a long time since the round) as the employee would get at a big company like Google. As an extremely rough stab at actual numbers, I think a company ought to be giving at least 10% in total to the first 10 employees, 5% to the next 20, and 5% to the next 50. In practice, the optimal numbers may be much higher.
One problem is that startups try to have very small option pools after their A round, because the dilution only comes from the founders and not the investors in most A-round term sheets. The right thing to do would be to increase the size of the option pool post-A round, but unfortunately this rarely happens—no one wants to dilute themselves more, and this leads to short-sighted stinginess much of the time.
Option pools are complete fiction; boards can increase them whenever they want. It should never be used as a reason for not making a grant.
2) Most employees only have 90 days after they leave a job to exercise their options. Unfortunately, this requires money to cover the strike price and the tax bill due for the year of exercise (which is calculated on the difference between the strike and the current FMV). This is often more cash than an employee has, and so the employee often has to choose between walking away from vested options he or she can't afford to exercise, or being locked into staying at the company. It's a particularly bad situation when an employee gets terminated.
This doesn't seem fair. The best solution I have heard is from Adam D'Angelo at Quora. The idea is to grant options that are exercisable for 10 years from the grant date, which should cover nearly all cases (i.e. the company will probably either go public, get acquired, or die in that time frame, and so either the employee will have the liquidity to exercise or it won't matter.) There are some tricky issues around this—for example, the options will automatically convert from ISOs to NSOs 3 months after employment terminates (if applicable) but it's still far better than just losing the assets. I think this is a policy all startups should adopt.
As an aside, some companies now write in a repurchase right on vested shares at the current common price when an employee leaves. It's fine if the company wants to offer to repurchase the shares, but it's horrible for the company to be able to demand this.
3) Tax treatment on ISOs sounds good, but there's an issue with AMT (Alternative Minimum Tax) and employees often end up paying more tax than they were expecting. NSO gains are taxed as ordinary income. RSU gains are also taxed as ordinary income.
Tax optimization is a second-order issue, and for an immediate solution, I think extending exercise windows to 10 years is the most important thing to do. But longer-term, we should figure out a way for employees to be taxed on their stock compensation the same way as founders (whether or not capital gains should be taxed less than ordinary income is a separate discussion, but in any case I think the tax treatment should be the same).
I think this may be doable. Ideally, employees would just get restricted stock (not RSUs), and then when they sold it'd be taxed as long-term capital gains. The problem is that as the company grows, the stock has a non-trivial present value, and if an employee were granted stock then they would then owe immediate tax on the value of the grant.
I think there are a lot of ways to fix this. The easiest would be if the IRS would agree to not tax illiquid private stock until it gets sold, and then tax the gain from the basis as long-term capital gains and the original value as ordinary income.
Another might be to create a new class of employee stock. Today, in an early-stage company, common shares are usually worth much less than preferred shares. It might be possible to create a class of shares with fewer rights than common and thus worth even less. The idea would be to convert these shares into common on an acquisition or IPO, but before that, they would be non-transferable and have no value. If it were possible to create a class of stock that the IRS agreed had next to zero value, it might be possible to grant employees this sort of stock, have them owe a tiny bit of tax on it now, and then have normal long-term capital gains treatment years later when the startup goes public.
4) Most startups do a bad job of helping employees think about the value of their options. At a minimum, any startup should tell a prospective employee what percentage of the company the equity grant represents (number of shares is meaningless). Some startups are very hesitant to do this—they don't want to disclose the number of shares outstanding. Employees should demand to know what percentage of the fully-diluted shares their stock options represent, and be very suspect of any startup that won't tell them.
A specific question worth asking is some version of “so if I have 0.5% of company and it gets acquired tomorrow for $100 million dollars, will I get $500,000?” There are many ways for this not to be the case—there can be a huge liquidation preference, for example—that most employees don't know to think about. So it's worth asking about a specific scenario.
While you're asking questions, another good one to ask is “how much money did the company lose last month, and how much is in the bank?” This is better than asking how much runway the company has, because most founders calculate that off of a plan that assumes revenue growth which does not always materialize.
I have two other thoughts about stock-based compensation at startups.
First, I think employee stock and options should usually not be transferrable. It causes considerable problems for companies when employees sell their stock or options, or pledge them against a loan, or design any other transaction where they agree to potentially let someone else have their shares or proceeds from their shares in the future in exchange for money today.
I think it's fair that if founders sell stock, they should offer an opportunity to employees that have been at the company for more than a certain number of years to sell some portion of their shares. And some companies offer an employee liquidity program even when the founders don't sell any shares themselves. But otherwise, I think it's reasonable for employees to wait for an acquisition or IPO.
Second, I think it's time to consider other vesting ideas. The standard at startups is 4 years with a 1-year cliff. So you get 25% of your options after you've been there for a year, and 62.5% if you leave after 2.5 years.
It's possible that 4 years is now too short—companies are often worth more than they were 10 years ago, but they take longer to reach liquidity. I've seen some startups offer 5 or 6 year vesting schedules. To compensate for this, they offer above-market grants.
Another structure I've seen is back-weighted vesting. For example, 10% of the grant vests after the first year, and then 20%, 30%, 40% in the following years. Again, the startups I know that do this tie it to above-market grants, and I think it helps them select for employees that really believe in the company and want to be there for a long time. (Also, companies that have vesting schedules like this usually do it for founders too.)
Finally, a third structure I've seen is a new way of thinking about refresher grants. For a company using options, it's nice to grant employees options early while the strike is low. It's possible to give “forward-dated grants”—i.e., you can give a high-performing employee a refresher grant today where 1/3 of it starts vesting immediately and the other 2/3 starts vesting when their initial grant is fully vested. This guarantees them a low-strike price and presumably a relatively large grant in a few years. Dustin Moskovitz at Asana does something like this, and I think it makes a lot of sense.
These are just a few of the ideas I've seen about new ideas for employee vesting. But I think they're worth considering—the default 4-year grant does not seem to be the best option.
Substantial interest was shown before the draw, flights and 2010 accommodation are destination and match dependent. Now that teams and matches are drawn, airlines are expecting a rush of bookings and confirmations of enquiries received previously. The majority of bookings received to date are from large groups and charter bookings.
“The attention of the world is focused on South Africa today,” says Mango CEO Nico Bezuidenhout, “and will be for the next 188 days. We are presented with a unique opportunity to showcase our country and gain medium to long term economic benefits. South Africa has the potential to become a global sporting hub and, as one of only a few countries to host all three major disciplines' World Cup events, we are well positioned as a mega-event destination.”
He adds that while the tournament presents a massive commercial opportunity, South Africans should take a prudent approach to pricing. “Airlines that are charging nearly R 10 000 for a return flight between Johannesburg and Cape Town are not contributing to the national effort. Mango does recognise the opportunity but we have elected to manage our fares well within reason and offer normal peak pricing.” Bezuidenhout says that Mango will charge between R 2000 and R 4500 at the upper level with demand dictating the availability of lower fares.
Mango will increase its capacity by 25% during the tournament through the introduction of additional scheduled flights and charter business. It will also operate for 24 hours a day.
Photo: Eric EnglandA guy from Slipknot, a guy from U2 and Alice Cooper walk into a bar ...
There is no punch line. This, almost literally, was the scene at The Basement East Thursday night, where — for the second time in less than three years — shock-rock icon and Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Cooper made a surprise club appearance in Nashville to take his turn as a bar-band singer.
It was truly a twice-in-a-lifetime experience for fans — TBH, they all seemed to be ready for and expecting the surprise — who packed the Beast for Beasto Blanco, a fun, campy-by-design, Rob Zombie-esque riff-rock outfit offering club-sized arena-rock antics. The band is led by mutton-chop-sporting longtime Coop bassist and Nashvillian Chuck Garric and features the rock legend's daughter Calico Cooper. On Thursday, fans were treated to the elder Cooper leading the band and some of their famous friends for a four-song set of his classics.
Without introduction (or face paint), the leather-jacket-clad 68-year-old Cooper slyly strode onstage to the opening riff of "No More Mr. Nice Guy" and transformed the room into a tightly packed army of amateur iPhone videographers. Off the bat, there was something extraordinary happening here; something beyond a rock star simply doing his thing in an intimate setting. You see, when you go to an Alice Cooper concert, you get the props, the blood, the mock executions and all that, with Alice Cooper the character playing ringleader to the whole cartoon horror show. But at the Beast — much like at the pop-up mini-show Cooper delivered during a Rock N' Roll Residency appearance at Dan McGuinness Pub (now called TailGate Beer) — we got Alice Cooper as Vincent Furnier, joyfully belting out "Nice Guy," the rather unexpected "Under My Wheels," "I'm Eighteen" and the pretty much inevitable "School's Out."
"Do you ever get tired of anywhere you show up people are just happy as fuck to see you?" Black Star Riders and former Brother Cane guitarist Damon Johnson, who opened the show and joined in for the encore, asked Cooper midway through the performance. "The fact that I'm on this side of the dirt [is enough]," the singer bantered back.
Unlike the Dan McGuinness show, at which The Coop sang classic rock covers backed by his own nut-tight band, this appearance had a raw, loose, 100 percent rock 'n' roll, no-fourth-wall feel that you'd never get from Cooper's trademark arena-ready spectacle. Halestorm frontwoman Lzzy Hale joined Cooper for a shout-out duet on "School's Out," and by the time Cooper eye-contact-cued the song's close, the show felt more like party time with Alice Cooper than a performance. "All right, I've got class tomorrow, so I've gotta get going," Cooper said in mic-drop style before disappearing. Yeah, it was pretty awesome.
Meanwhile, next door at the club's sister bar Beast Pub, Slipknot drummer and Nashvillian Jay Weinberg (he's Max's son) was spinning emo records as guest DJ for recurring millennial nostalgia night Nashville Is the Reason. But Weinberg was far from the most famous drummer in the house. Seconds after Cooper & Co. left the stage, we turned around and found ourselves face to face with U2 drummer Larry Mullen Jr., who was making his way backstage. First of all, holy fucking shit! Second, what the hell is he doing in town?
We think we might have an answer to that, and it's one that only makes sense in an anything-is-possible world where Donald Trump is POTUS. An insider tells us Mullen is involved in some kind of recording collaboration in town with Cooper and ... not fucking kidding ... Peter Cetera. Sorry to bury the lede?
An interesting night to say the least.
Photo: Eric England
Photo: Eric England
Photo: Eric England
Photo: Eric England
There are many concepts surrounding the overall idea of what makes someone a “good” or “bad” officer, with very few of us living up to either set of criterion fully (thankfully, in the case of the “bad”). Just because we don't happen to live up to the full definition of the term “supercop,” however, doesn't mean that we are not good officers, worthy of respect for the honorable and professional way that we go about not only doing our job, but simply being a police officer in society. Yet many of us do know “that guy” who everyone looks up to, and there are measurable qualities that many of them possess in common, so let's talk about some of them and how they apply to each of us, even if we don't have all of their traits ourselves.
Your Best Is Your Best
The core of being a good officer is honesty, through and through, in everything that we do – from the actual job itself, of course, to how we conduct ourselves in our personal lives. Society has placed us in a position of ultimate trust (well, not so much lately with the media feasting on the few who don't meet the ideal at all), and that trust must be justified by our efforts at remaining aboveboard in how we interact with others. More than that, however, true honesty enables us to be ourselves, allowing our humanity to come through without fear of judgment because we know we are being faithful to who we are at our core. (You'd be surprised how much stress and conflict that avoids, and how much better it can make the outcome of almost any call.)
Connected with that trait of honesty is the concept of clarity – of action, of purpose, and of motive – in how we conduct ourselves. Being honest means that our intentions are clearly understandable by anyone (public, supervisors, the crazy guy on the corner wearing nothing but Burger King bags) on a human level, through the unspoken communication that we all recognize as that sixth sense of knowing when someone is telling us the truth. By acting with integrity, we assure those who we protect that we are out for their best interests, and not our own – because when our own interests come into play, short of that which we need to do to protect ourselves against things like insane policies and politics (which we unfortunately must do in order to be able to keep on doing our job), we are automatically viewing a situation through our own lens, distorting its reality to fit our own. There is no shortcut to our “best,” it is just that – no excuses, no compromises, no “well, but” about it.
Your Worst Is Part Of You
Even the best among us are still human, important to remember as well, and will have their own bad days. The difference that makes them stand apart, however, is the ability to segment the “me” versus the “work” – not repressing or failing to process what's going on, but recognizing that personal does not, in fact, have to carry over into professional. (Incidentally, the opposite is true as well: what happens at work doesn't need to be assigned to our personal lives or traits. A lot of us aren't so good at that one.)
Even those things which aren't going well can be turned to make you better at the job, by the way, and we frequently see those who we consider to be the “best” doing just that. They, too, make mistakes, but rather than criticize or think lesser of themselves, they incorporate the lessons they learn as an observation, rather than a judgment - you can either take a call which goes south as a representation of failure, or as an opportunity to see that you can be better than you are. Those which go so bad that they result in some time off are the highest level of this kind of self-improvement – again, not a judgment on you personally, but a wake-up call that something is wrong with how you handled or approached it. Take that time off to work on it and return to the job more prepared.
Build A World Of Both
One last trait that is shared by every “great” cop I know, regardless of their specialty or time on the job, is that they have a well-rounded life outside of work as well as in. Let's face it, we spend most of our days dealing with the worst of society, or at a minimum, people at some of the low points or times of crisis in their lives.
As a result, it's critical that we have good things in our lives as well to balance them out – and to recognize those good things we already have and cherish them. The temptation is oftentimes to place a higher value on the good we have a chance to do at work than the good we can actually do by just being there, fully, for our family and friends outside of it. Helping others is a noble calling, but more noble is being a good friend, spouse, father, mother, and sometimes just a listening ear. Being all of those first lays the foundation for being great at your job, and carries over the warmth needed to bring us through even those most cold and trying of calls – making us a more whole human being as we approach a job which sometimes seems to defy humanity, and reason, itself.
____
Greg Bogosian is certified as a Reserve/Intermittent Police Officer by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and spent twelve years working as an EMT-Basic, including four years as a field EMT and dispatcher for the City of Boston EMS. He was additionally a member of a Federal medical disaster relief team for ten years, with experience responding to the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, and the pre-deployment of resources for Hurricane Ike. Greg currently has a passion for educating public safety professionals about matters which impact their lives every day, and welcomes feedback and suggestions in the spirit of ensuring that best practices make it out there for all to benefit from.
A Sikh man in India is being hailed a hero for using his turban to lower himself into an irrigation canal and rescue a dog from drowning.
Sarwan Singh, 28, said he noticed a group of onlookers pointing into the canal, but was shocked to see nobody helping.
A video shows Singh unravel his turban — one of the main articles of faith in the Sikh religion that all Sikh men must wear — and use it to lower himself down the steep embankment.
Once he got within a couple of feet from the dog, Singh, who cannot swim, wrapped the dog as his friends at the top pulled them both back to street level.
"The moment I started taking off my turban, people watching around were shocked. They thought I was disrespecting my faith," Singh told Metro U.K. "But what was important at that point was to save the animal's life."
If there's one lesson recent Stanley Cup winners have taught the teams trying to dethrone them, it's the value of building from within. The core of championship teams continues to be players who are drafted and developed by that franchise.
But finding the right talent isn't always easy. Every team has had its ups and downs since the draft began in 1963. Here's a look at the hits (and some of the misses) for the five teams in the Atlantic Division on Draft Day.
NEW JERSEY DEVILS
Best first-round pick: Martin Brodeur (1990) -- It seems incomprehensible now, but Brodeur wasn't the first goalie picked in his draft year (the Calgary Flames chose Trevor Kidd nine picks earlier). The New Jersey Devils took Brodeur with the 20th selection and got the winningest goaltender in NHL history, as well as the backbone of three Stanley Cup winners. Brodeur will retire with virtually every goaltending record worth having. That's pretty good for a player who was passed over by 19 teams.
Honorable mention: Ken Daneyko (1982), Brendan Shanahan (1987), Scott Niedermayer (1991), Petr Sykora (1995), Scott Gomez (1998), Zach Parise (2003)
Best pick, rounds 2-4: Patrik Elias (1994) -- The Devils took Elias, a forward from the Czech Republic, in the second round (No. 51) in 1994. While first-rounder Vadim Sharifjanov never panned out, Elias has become a four-time 30-goal scorer and the leading point producer in franchise history. He owns a pair of Stanley Cup rings and has 930 career points, including a franchise single-season best 96 in 2000-01 and 36 in 48 games this season.
Honorable mention: Pat Verbeek (1982), Brian Gionta (1998), Paul Martin (2000), Adam Henrique (2008)
Best later-round pick: Steve Sullivan (1994) -- The Devils nabbed Sullivan, a speedy center, in the ninth round after he scored 51 goals with Sault Ste. Marie of the Ontario Hockey League. They gave Sullivan two seasons in the minors, with a couple of quick trips to New Jersey, before trading him to the Toronto Maple Leafs as part of the Doug Gilmour deal in 1997. Sullivan has 290 goals and 747 points in 1,011 games despite battling injuries for much of his career; ironically, he wound up returning to the Devils at the NHL Trade Deadline in April.
Honorable mention: Kirk McLean (1984), Willie Mitchell (1996)
Biggest disappointment: Neil Brady (1986) -- The Devils whiffed on the third pick in the 1986 NHL Draft when they chose Brady, a center from Medicine Hat of the Western Hockey League. He scored twice in 29 games spread across three seasons for the Devils before being traded to the Ottawa Senators in 1992. Brady's NHL resume consists of nine goals in 89 games.
Honorable mention: Rocky Trottier (1982), Ari Ahonen (1999), Adrian Foster (2001)
NEW YORK ISLANDERS
Best first-round pick: Mike Bossy (1977) -- Back troubles at age 30 did what no opponent was able to do -- keep Bossy from putting the puck in the net. Bossy became the first player in NHL history to reach the 50-goal mark as a rookie, and he just kept on scoring, piling up 573 goals in 10 seasons until his back wouldn't let him play anymore. He had nine 50-goal seasons and was the top gun in the New York Islanders' dynasty of the early 1980s.
An offensive force with the Islanders, Mike Bossy would go on to score 50 goals in nine different seasons. (Getty Images) An offensive force with the Islanders, Mike Bossy would go on to score 50 goals in nine different seasons.
Honorable mention: Denis Potvin (1973), Clark Gillies (1974), Pat LaFontaine (1983), Roberto Luongo (1997), John Tavares (2009)
Best pick, rounds 2-4: Bryan Trottier (1974) -- The Islanders grabbed one future Hall of Famer when they took Clark Gillies with the fourth pick in 1974; they snagged another when they took Trottier one round later. Trottier scored exactly 500 goals for the Islanders while leading them to four consecutive Stanley Cups and a record 19 consecutive playoff series wins. For good measure, he joined the Pittsburgh Penguins and earned two more rings as a checker in 1991 and 1992.
Honorable mention: Travis Green (1989), Ziggy Palffy (1991), Zdeno Chara (1996), Frans Nielsen (2002)
Best later-round pick: Vladimir Malakhov (1989) -- When the Iron Curtain fell, the Isles took a 10th-round flyer on Malakhov, a young Russian defenseman with a big shot. He was a sensation as a rookie in 1992-93, helping the Islanders end Pittsburgh's championship reign. Despite several injuries, Malakhov had a lengthy, productive career that included a Stanley Cup with the New Jersey Devils.
Honorable mention: Stefan Persson (1974), Radek Martinek (1999), Andrew MacDonald (2006)
Biggest disappointment: Scott Scissons (1990) -- The first five players chosen in the 1990 NHL Draft went on to play at least 900 games in the League; one (Jaromir Jagr) remains active. The sixth pick was Scissons, a center from the Saskatoon Blades who was coming off a 40-goal, 87-point season. He spent one more season in Saskatoon (earning a one-game NHL call-up) and another with the Canadian National Team before heading for the Islanders' American Hockey League team in Troy, N.Y. Scissons played in one Stanley Cup Playoff game for New York in 1993 and one regular-season game the following season, but didn't score a point before a shoulder injury stemming from his time in junior hockey forced him to retire in 1995.
Honorable mention: David Chyzowski (1989), Brett Lindros (1994), Ryan O'Marra (2005)
NEW YORK RANGERS
Best first-round pick:Brian Leetch (1986) -- The Rangers plucked Leetch out of a Connecticut prep school 27 summers ago, then waited while he spent a season at Boston College and played for the United States at the 1988 Winter Olympics. He proved to be more than worth the wait: Leetch is the best defenseman in team history, arguably the best U.S.-born player to skate in the NHL -- and he led the Rangers to the 1994 Stanley Cup while becoming the first American to win the Conn Smythe Trophy.
Honorable mention: Brad Park (1966), James Patrick (1981), Alex Kovalev (1991)
Best pick, rounds 2-4: Mike Richter (1985) -- The Rangers snatched Richter, a Philadelphia-area native, from under the noses of the hometown Flyers in the second round. He was a teammate of Leetch on the 1988 U.S. Olympic squad, and they joined the Rangers together after the Games in Calgary. Richter's 301 wins are the most in team history, and he's arguably the best goaltender produced in the United States.
Honorable mention: John Vanbiesbrouck (1981), Doug Weight (1990), Ryan Callahan (2004)
Best later-round pick: Henrik Lundqvist (2000) -- Lundqvist was a complete unknown when he came to training camp in 2005 -- at most, the seventh-rounder from five years earlier was expected to play at Hartford of the AHL while getting used to North America. Instead, he made the team, took the No. 1 job and has been one of the NHL's top goaltenders ever since. Lundqvist is the first goaltender in NHL history to begin his career with seven consecutive 30-win seasons. He won the Vezina Trophy as the NHL's top goaltender in 2012 and was a finalist for the honor again this season.
Honorable mention: Sergei Nemchinov (1990), Todd Marchant (1993), Kim Johnsson (1994)
Biggest disappointment: Hugh Jessiman (2003) -- The 2003 NHL Draft was one of the best, but not because of Jessiman; until he got into a couple of games with the Florida Panthers in 2010-11, the former Dartmouth star had been the only first-rounder from that year who had yet to play in the NHL. Jessiman, picked No. 12, appeared to have all the tools for success but never made it, and ultimately was dealt to the Nashville Predators. He spent 2012-13 with the Binghamton Senators of the American Hockey League and has played nearly 500 AHL games – though he's never totaled more than 20 goals or 47 points.
Honorable mention: Michael Stewart (1990), Pavel Brendl (1999), Dan Blackburn (2001)
PHILADELPHIA FLYERS
Best first-round pick: Brian Propp (1979) -- Propp was among the NHL's most consistent scorers for a decade with the Philadelphia Flyers, never finishing with fewer than 26 goals and scoring 40 or more four times. He also was responsible defensively, finishing plus-311 with Philadelphia while helping the Flyers make three trips to the Stanley Cup Final. He ended his career with 425 goals and 1,004 points in 1,016 games.
Honorable mention: Bill Barber (1972), Peter Forsberg (1991), Joni Pitkanen (2002), Jeff Carter (2003), Mike Richards (2003), Claude Giroux (2006)
Best pick, rounds 2-4: Bobby Clarke (1969) -- Teams shied away from Clarke, a feisty center from Flin Flon of the Western Canadian Junior Hockey League, because he was a diabetic. The Flyers took him in the second round of the third draft in franchise history and got a future Hall of Famer whose offensive skills and will to win were the backbone of the only two Cup-winning teams in franchise history.
Honorable mention: Scott Mellanby (1984), Mikael Renberg (1990), Patrick Sharp (2001)
Best later-round pick: Ron Hextall (1982) -- The Flyers had no idea when they picked Hextall in the sixth round 31 years ago that they were getting one of the best goalies in team history. The son of former NHL forward Bryan Hextall Jr., he won the Vezina Trophy as best goaltender and the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP as a rookie in 1986-87. He finished his career with 296 victories in 13 NHL seasons, 240 of them in 11 seasons with Philadelphia. Hextall was one of the best stickhandlers among goaltenders and became the first goalie in NHL history to shoot and score a goal.
Honorable mention: Rick Tocchet (1983), Dmitry Yushkevich (1991), Johan Hedberg (1994), Dennis Seidenberg (2001)
Biggest disappointment: Ryan Sittler (1992) -- The Flyers took the son of Hall of Famer Darryl Sittler with the seventh pick in 1992, waited while he played two seasons at the University of Michigan, then saw him turn into one of the great disappointments of all time. Sittler never played an NHL game and was out of pro hockey by age 25.
Honorable mention: Steve Smith (1981), Maxime Ouellet (1999)
PITTSBURGH PENGUINS
Mario Lemieux scored the first of his 690 NHL goals on his very first shift in the League. (Getty Images) Mario Lemieux scored the first of his 690 NHL goals on his very first shift in the League.
Best first-round pick: Mario Lemieux (1984) -- Lemieux started his career by stripping the puck from future Hall of Famer Ray Bourque and scoring on his first NHL shift. Goaltenders couldn't stop him, but injuries and illness were another matter. Had Lemieux's health been better, it would have been interesting to see whether he would have been able to surpass Wayne Gretzky's offensive records. As it was, Lemieux saved the franchise in the early 1980s and led Pittsburgh to its first two Stanley Cups, in 1991 and 1992. Despite his maladies, he totaled 690 goals and 1,723 points in 915 games. The NHL may never have had a player who had more physical talent.
Honorable mention: Jaromir Jagr (1990), Marc-Andre Fleury (2003), Evgeni Malkin (2004), Sidney Crosby (2005), Jordan Staal (2006)
Best pick, rounds 2-4: Mark Recchi (1988) -- Recchi's size (5-foot-10) probably kept him from being picked higher than the fourth round despite a 61-goal, 154-point season with Kamloops of the WHL in his final season of junior hockey. He had 50 goals in his first minor-league season, scored 30 as a rookie with the Penguins in 1989-90, and didn't stop scoring until announcing his retirement minutes after helping Boston end a 39-year Stanley Cup drought in 2011. Recchi finished his career with 577 goals, 1,533 points, and three Stanley Cup rings.
Honorable mention: Mark Johnson (1977), Ryan Malone (1999), Alex Goligoski (2004)
Best later-round pick: Patrick Lalime (1993) -- The Penguins grabbed Lalime in the sixth round and had to be stunned at the splash he made as a rookie in 1996-97 -- Lalime set an NHL record by going 14-0-2 in his first 16 decisions. He finished 21-12-2 with a 2.95 goals-against average and three shutouts while making the All-Rookie team. After a contract dispute he spent two seasons in the minors before returning to the NHL with the Ottawa Senators in 1999. He had 36- and 39-win seasons with Ottawa and ended his career in 2011 with 200 victories in 444 regular-season games.
Honorable mention: Shawn McEachern (1987), Andrew Ference (1997), Rob Scuderi (1998), Maxime Talbot (2002), Matt Moulson (2003)
Biggest disappointment: Robert Dome (1997) -- Much was expected when the Penguins took Dome, a highly-regarded Slovak teenager, with the 17th pick in the first round in 1997. Dome had come to North America and spent two seasons playing in the International Hockey League (then a top-level minor league) to get ready for the NHL. But he never panned out, totaling seven goals and 14 points in parts of two seasons with Pittsburgh. He left North America after the 2003-04 season and spent the rest of his career playing in Europe.
Honorable mention: Craig Hillier (1996), Milan Kraft (1998), Angelo Esposito (2007)
How to Become a Professional Forex Trader
Share Tweet Google Plus Share Email Whatsapp Print
If you have been trading, you probably asked yourself this question… How to Become a Professional Forex Trader? Well, it can take years of commitment, supported by well-defined strategies that show consistent profitability, to become a professional trader. However, the returns are worth the effort as it produces a steady stream of high income along with a lifestyle that people can only dream about. A large number of opportunities wait for the expert market players, as they get plenty of offers to work for hedge funds or international banks; they can also choose to work independently from home-office. Professional forex traders are considered students of global economic and central bank policy, because they know that market trends can change direction very quickly with a change in the direction of central banks around the world. Therefore, a trader should consider three key factors to pursue his career as a professional forex trader; getting the right education, finding the right strategy, and having enough capital to trade.
How to Become a Professional Forex Trader – Get the Education Right
To be a pro in the forex market, one must be familiar with the forex terms, tools and strategies, and the working mechanism of the market. He should focus on equipping himself with the market knowledge by attending webinars and reading forex magazines. These elements not only enable him to get acquainted with the rapidly changing trends, but also allow him to be aware of the latest developments. Most of all, he must read forex charts and news in order to observe the market movements and latest trends.
Thank you for your readership. We are truly grateful! Hope that you like the strategies that we share.
If you like the strategies here, you will absolutely
love our latest strategy... The MorningPips Trading System The aim of Morningpips is to finish trading by the morning.
Simple as that... Check it out!
It is very important to get the right education. However, in addition to the above mentioned tools, he must also identify the right trading attitude that is suitable for him. For example, there are day traders, swing traders, and the position traders.
Day Traders – These are market participants that trade during the day and usually avoid keeping anything once the session is closed. They usually trade with high-volume.
Swing Traders – As for swing traders, they sometimes hold positions for a few hours or even days to gain out of longer time-frames. Unlike day traders, they seek profits from an entry into the market and hope that change in the direction will help their open positions.
Position Traders – Position traders have a unique market perception as compared to swing and day trader. They go for longer term trading plans and their strategies are positioned on a span of days, weeks, months and even years. This is the reason why they prefer long term fundamental opportunities instead of technical formations.
Therefore, a combination of adopting the right trading attitude and getting the education right is a key to be a successful pro forex trader.
How to Become a Professional Forex Trader – Finding the Right Strategy
A trader must not forget that if he fails to employ the right strategy, his trade would end in disaster. Choosing the right strategy is another important element that has to be considered while pursuing a path of being a pro. Different forex strategies are available in the market, including daily Fibonacci pivot trading, Trading Candlestick Patterns with Moving Averages, Price Action Trading, Breakout/Support and Resistance/Supply, Demand, Volume Trading and more. However, while employing the strategies, be careful while trading off news stories, as news are discounted by markets very quickly and are not easy to trade. Also, don't chase your tail; once you find a reliable currency system, stick with it and don't change it. Use objective criteria to trade the signals and avoid subjective theories, such as Elliot wave or cycles, because your emotions might get in the way.
How to Become a Professional Forex Trader – What's Your Business Capital?
When you trade in the forex market, it is important to be aware of the fact that it is a highly volatile market, so invest what you can afford to lose. For example, if your entire savings consist of retirement funds, it is better to think before you invest high capital, because high volatility means high risk. Despite employing all the best tools, one cannot avoid the risk of losses.
An investor or a trader shouldn't risk more than 1 percent of his funds, and then consider leveraging as it increases the returns. Using leverage allows a trader to participate in the otherwise high capital requirement scenario as long as he complies with the 1% rule. They can increase their return as the trading account grows.
You only need a small edge to make a living, but for that to happen, your account should be large enough to offer monetary benefits you can live off off.
Before you turn professional, some logic needs to be in place. Having unrealistic expectation is not going to help. A good trader can probably generate a return on investment of 30% per year. If you have a 30% return per year with a $100,000 trading capital, then your expected profit for the year is $30,000. Is that enough for you and your family? If you need to have $300,000 per year to survive, then logically, your trading capital has to be $1 million. Most trader overlook this simple math and turn pro only to find that they are not generating enough profit to cover expenses. Remember this…Warren Buffett has an average of 25% per year returns and George Soros does 23% per year.
A simple way to start getting Professional trading results is to copy trades from reliable traders. If you want to start generating professional results, then click here to take a look at how you can achieve winning ratio that is higher than 80%.
Claim Your $60 No Deposit Bonus Here All you need is to have your live account verified!
Of course, you need to open a live account... 2 Brokers that we like A LOT!
USD30 from each Forex Broker Below.
Both Forex Brokers have excellent rating! XM Broker TickMill We use both of these brokers and proudly promote them!
Other Analysis Today
Other Analysis Today
You never forget your first love. Especially when they are three times your age. And there are 11 of them. Before puberty and puppy love comes one of a boy's most significant rites of passage: his first World Cup, and the first overseas team he falls for. That sensation was even more acute for those of us who grew up before a combination of the internet, technology, globalisation and TV saturation stripped the exhilarating exoticism and mystery from football's main tournament. Back then, the World Cup meant commentary down crackly phone lines and comic-book heroes you'd never heard of before. It was your first trip abroad in the comfort of your front room.
Those whose first World Cup was Mexico 86 had been seduced by Scandinavian chic long before Noma, Sarah Lund's jumper and contemporary design made Denmark the hippest country in the world. The Denmark team of 1986 - described as "the best in Europe" by the then Scotland manager Alex Ferguson - went out in the last 16, yet arguably only the winners Argentina left a more indelible impression.
The principal reason for that was the football they played: they mixed innocent – at times painfully naive - attacking with a cockiness that was endearing. It was not just that Denmark were good, it was that they swaggered around the pitch as if they owned it. The so-called 'smaller nations' weren't supposed to behave like this. Denmark entwined seductive possession football with sudden bursts of dribbling or passing; probably no side in football history has had as many brilliant dribblers. Their captain Morten Olsen said they played “football from the street”. There was also a constant whirl of off-the-ball movement; commonplace now, not so much in the 1980s.
Their attacks went from 0-60 in a split second, most notably when they thrashed the South American champions Uruguay 6-1, when Preben Elkjaer scored a hat-trick and the young Michael Laudrup demonstrated his genius with an effortless and divine solo goal. On the field they made arrogance charming; off it they were humble, friendly and adored by the Mexican public.
The team was an unusual mixture of superstars and blue-collar workers who ran what the defender Soren Busk called the “sour metres”. The indefatigable midfield players Jens Jorn Bertelsen and Klaus Berggreen – who was Denmark's unofficial cross-country champion at 14 – carried water so that people like Elkjaer and Laudrup could walk on it. The excellence of the two central defenders, the amiable bouncers Ivan Nielsen and Busk, and the sweeper Morten Olsen – who was the manager on the field in the 1980s and later became Denmark manager – allowed the team to play such an attacking style.
Yet the football was only part of the appeal. Their groundbreaking Hummel kit is among the most iconic in any World Cup and, to many, more memorable than the team itself. Thirty years on, it scarcely ever sells for under £200 on eBay. And off the field they lived the life of normal twentysomethings. The Copenhagen nightclub Tordenskjold became known as “the clubhouse”; one night, when the players all missed a curfew, their exasperated manager drove to the nightclub and disturbed one player while he was doing what people do in nightclubs during the slow songs. Another player hid in the toilet.
Most reference points of childhood and adolescence don't stand up to adult scrutiny, whether it's a song, a film or some embarrassing staple of teen angst. They serve to provide Proustian rushes but little more. Yet the story of Denmark's 1980s team has become richer with age. Time has brought a greater awareness of a culture that makes Denmark perhaps the world's most impressive country. And it has allowed a greater appreciation of the bittersweet ending to their World Cup story, when they were inexplicably thrashed 5-1 by an inferior Spain team.
That match remains an unsolved mystery in Denmark. The most common explanation centres on Jesper Olsen's dreadful backpass which created Spain's equaliser: the phrase a “rigtig Jesper Olsen” (a real Jesper Olsen) is used to describe an appalling mistake, even at a party political conference on one occasion. Yet Denmark were much the better side after that goal; it was only when Spain went 2-1 ahead that Denmark panicked, threw everyone forward and were picked off mercilessly on the counter-attack.
That naive approach is one of many alternative explanations for the defeat. The coach, the German Sepp Piontek, said the Danish mentality kicked in, that subconsciously they were happy to have got through the original Group of Death in such style and were starting to get homesick. Some of the players say Piontek overtrained them to the point they had nothing left by the time of the Spain game. Even Diego Maradona had his say; he suggested “the manager went mad” when he replaced a defender with an attacker when Denmark were 2-1 down. It is a defeat that Denmark will never quite get over; last year, when a Copenhagen DJ played a song from 1986, he said it was “from the year we should have been world champions”.
An ageing team suffered a slow death after Mexico 86. They qualified unconvincingly for the next European Championship, where they lost all three games; then they failed to reach Italia 90, and soon after Piontek resigned when a tabloid made dark claims about a bank account in Liechtenstein. The story of his era had a strange postscript when an inferior, more defensive Denmark team won the 1992 European Championships. In Denmark, the discussion as to which was the better team endures: the 1992 team who won the tournament, or the 1986 side who won something arguably even more important – glory, and in industrial quantities.
Denmark's 1980s side represent a time of hope, discovery and innocence: not just in football, but in life. It could not happen now. Football is too cynical, too globalised, too self-important. And I will never be 10 years old again.
Danish Dynamite: The Story of Football's Greatest Cult Team is published by Bloomsbury
This roundup has been updated. Please visit – 21 Excellent Open Source Linux Text Editors
A text editor is software used for editing plain text files. It has many different uses such as modifying system configuration files, writing programming language source code, jotting down thoughts, or even making a grocery list.
Whatever the level of sophistication of the editor, they typically have a common set of functionality, such as searching/replacing text, formatting text, undo/redo, importing files, as well as moving text within the file. However, many of the editors included in this article are feature-rich, and can be further extended using plugins and libraries.
In many users' eyes, a text editor should be lean and mean, fast to start up and shut down, without fancy splash screens or a graphical user interface. The choice of editor has long stirred up strong emotions. For example, the debate about whether vi or emacs (or another) is the best editor started decades before Linux was even conceived.
To provide an insight into the quality of software that is available, we have compiled a list of 21 high quality Linux text editors. There's a mix of graphical and console based applications included. Hopefully, there will be something of interest for all types of users.
Now, let's explore the 21 editors at hand. For each title we have compiled its own portal page, providing a screenshot of the software in action, a full description with an in-depth analysis of its features, together with links to relevant resources and reviews.
Text Editors Emacs Extensible, customizable, self-documenting text editor XEmacs Highly customizable console / graphical editor and development system Vim Power of the editor 'Vi', with a more complete feature set Diakonos More powerful than nano, with Windows key bindings jed Compact, fast and powerful nano Clone of Pico, the editor of the Pine email client Cream Modern configuration of Vim gedit Small and lightweight text editor for the GNOME environment Kate Multi document editor which is part of KDE Scribes Text editor for GNOME that focuses on streamlining your workflow TEA GTK-based with wide range of text-processing functions Bluefish Powerful editor for writing websites, scripts and programming code KompoZer Complete Web Authoring System Quanta Plus Web development tool for KDE Screem Site CReating and Editing EnvironMent Geany Small and lightweight Integrated Development Environment (IDE) jEdit A mature programmer's Java based editor SciTe SCIntilla based Text Editor Kile User-friendly LaTeX source editor and TeX shell and KDE LyX Advanced open source document processor TeXmacs WYSIWYW scientific word processor
Return to our complete collection of Group Tests, identifying the finest free and open source Linux software.
My early 1995 arts and craft.
Fear of Life, by Richard Garfield.
Ornithopter Lord.
Benalish Hero with "Maze of Ith"-ability
Like the 7/7 Serra Angel for 1WW
Once more, with feeling.
A Workshop that taps for 3 without restriction on how to use the mana
Chaos Confetti
One of the most pleasant announcements at E3 2015 was the reveal of Dishonored 2, the sequel to Arkane Studio's sleeper 2012 hit that Game Informer immensely enjoyed. In the days following the first trailer viewing at the Bethesda Showcase, we sat down with joint creative directors Harvey Smith and Raphaël Colantonio to find out more about the stealth action sequel. Here is what we know so far.
Dishonored 2 takes place 15 years after the finale of the original game.
The game starts with a day in the life of Empress Emily Kaldwin, a character that Arkane was intent on exploring more after the first game. "By the end of Dishonored, Emily was a very interesting character to us," Colantonio says. "She was the only thing good in the world actually worth saving. She was also a reflection of Corvo's actions, and some players figured out that she was Corvo's daughter."
After another otherworldy usurper seizes the throne, Emily is driven out of Dunwall and becomes an outlaw. After a dramatic sequence players are then given the choice to continue to play as Emily or Corvo Attano, the hero from the first game.
The game takes place in Karnaca, the capital city of Serkonos, which is known as the jewel of the south. Fans will remember that this Empire of the Isles country is also the birthplace of Corvo. The region is known for its warm weather, beachfronts, and spicy cuisine.
Like Dunwall before it, Karnaca is in the midst of an epidemic. You may have seen the blood flies in the trailer. Like the plague rats in Dishonored, these can be a natural hazard. This species lays insects in corpses and hatches out of them. If they get into a certain distance of their lifespan they become harmless like a dung beetle, but if there are too many of them at one point in adolescence they become hostile. The more bodies you heap, better chance these hostile outbreaks happen. This can be used to harass guards.
Each character plays through the same series of missions, but each has different perspectives on the world. By playing through the campaign with both characters you will learn different things. There is no swapping between characters; once you choose one you stick with it until a second playthrough.
Emily and Corvo each have unique powers granted to them by The Outsider.
Emily's powers include Far Reach (which allows her reach out and pull herself to another building like a grapple), Shadow Walk, and Mesmerize. She is also capable of crafting bone charms, and there are more than 400,000 combinations in the game.
Corvo retains familiar powers like Devouring Swarm, Bend Time, Possession, and Blink.
For Dishonored 2, Arkane is taking a new approach to upgrades. The last game offered upgrades that strengthened your powers. Dishonored 2 has powers, but from there it offers a bunch of skill trees that allow you to upgrade in asymmetrical ways. For instance, you could upgrade Far Reach to yank guys to you and assassinate them mid-air, grab objects with it, or pull objects.
All powers have extensions like Daud's Blink that let you use powers in different ways
Arkane believes this new approach to upgrades offers a lot of replayability. You could go really deep with three specific powers in one playthrough, then switch it up for another.
If you've seen videos like this on the web, you know that talented gamers have found ingenious ways to string together powers to become unstoppable killing machines. Arkane says it's preserving the systems that allow for experimentation with the special abilities. "When we put an element in the game, we don't put it in the game and attach it to something," Smith says. "We make it general purpose work so you can attach it anywhere. The worst thing in the world would be if Blink had attached points. That would be the dumbest idea because it means you can only go if we want you to go. Of course it's better for the level designers, the producers, and the tech guys that think it's safer [if we took that approach]. For us, we say it is a power and it has a range. It's a squashed sphere, and you can shoot at a spot or empty air or a mantle climb icon or jump in midair and do it and the point is it's recombinant because it's general purpose."
What you see in the announcement trailer you can do in the game. This particular mission is called the Clockwork Mansion. Here you must kill the grand inventor of Serkonos or find another way to eliminate him in his moving house.
Arkane isn't going into details yet, but it says that its technology base has dramatically improved. "You know how last time we had really strong art direction and okay technology? Now we have really strong art direction and really strong rendering tech," Smith says.
For Dishonored 2, Arkane has enhanced the A.I. in a couple of ways. First off, guard search patterns have been revamped. In the first game they would follow bread crumbs but there were opportunities to trick them. Now they search for real. Several A.I. characters will get together and split up the territory to canvas the entire space. They will not recheck a spot another soldier has already investigated.
The A.I also have increased situational awareness. For instance, if two grunts realize they are with an officer who has a ranged weapon, they understand that he should hang back and they should move forward.
Dishonored 2 has a modified high/low chaos system that offers more granular, direct consequences.
Some people said Dishonored wasn't hard enough, so Arkane is scaling the game to offer more of a challenge to these players.
Both the Lyon and Austin and studios are collaborating on the game.
Arkane says there is one new game mode that it plans to share details on at a later date.
Look for more info on Dishonored 2 as we move closer to the Spring 2016 release.
Here we are on day four of Best Week 2013, and we've finally arrived at my favorite topic: head-to-head games. Dueling games. Nobody-else-to-save-you games. Can't-blame-your- teammate-when-you-lose games. Two minds locked in ultimate combat, the only other people at the table mere spectators, holding their breath and occasionally mumbling unwanted advice before your backhand slap shuts them up again.
Because this is my favorite genre by far, in place of the usual top five list, today we're looking at the top ten. Buckle up.
#10. The Valkyrie Incident
I still don't know what the “incident” in The Valkyrie Incident is referring to, and I don't care, because very few companies pull off the horizontal-area-control genre or hand drafting with as much panache as Small Box Games.
You'll be drafting a lot. The game kicks off with a drafting phase, and roughly half of each round sees both players drafting even more. It's a relief then that the stuff you're drafting is so cool, from war-babe valkyries with game-changing special abilities to “cogdrive” battle-robots and orbital bombardments. Then you send all those nifty cards you've drafted into the fray, trumping each other over and over again as your cards stack in mind-bending ways that will have your opponent swearing you're somehow breaking the rules. At least until it's his turn and he gets to do the same back to you.
The Valkyrie Incident isn't the best title from Small Box Games, but it's definitely worth a look if you've played any of their other stuff.
#9. Hemloch: Vault of Darkness
Speaking of other stuff from Small Box Games, number nine on our list is Hemloch: Vault of Darkness, spiritual sequel to Hemloch from a few years back.
Although Vault of Darkness shares a couple similarities with The Valkyrie Incident, most notably its horizontal-area-control style, which casts you as one of the power-hungry and corrupt houses of the twilight city of Hemloch, the differences are more profound. Where The Valkyrie Incident is about drafting an army and beating your opponent over the head with it, Vault of Darkness is more about subtlety, about outguessing and preempting your opponent's moves as you both make use of the titular Vault of Darkness's relics to send your agents throughout the city to curry favor, manipulate its Nightmare Before Christmas-esque politics, and sometimes resort to good old-fashioned assassination.
Sure, you could use that one card to take solid control of the Alley Maze, but as soon as you pass the vault's relics to your opponent, what are they planning on doing? Maybe capitalizing on their position in the Boneyard? Or killing off one of your agents to swing the popular vote in the Spires? Should you cut off their plans, or bellow forward with your own? Full of nagging doubts and multiple ways to gain influence and win control for your household, Hemloch: Vault of Darkness is a great entry-point for anyone interested in Small Box Games' unique brand of gameplay.
#8. Cube Quest
While I usually prefer mind-crunching anxiety and the possibility of ended friendships in my dueling games, sometimes I just want to flick the shit out of something, even if it means having my buddy lift up the couch so I can fish out a game component. In those instances, one of the quickest options out there is Cube Quest.
This tight little dexterity game might suffer from some production issues, from folded mats to over-light cubes, but ultimately those problems stop mattering the instant you realize it takes literally ten minutes to play, and it's a breeze to create a tower of grunts and blast one of your heavy raider cubes off the top for the win. You probably won't even notice that the cube's weight wasn't enough to keep it from sailing under the refrigerator. At least not right away.
Cube Quest would have been a fine game in an even more basic form, but it's happy to let you play around by building an army full of freeze spells and medics, or sneak infiltrators around onto the enemy's side of the board. It's light, but it's the good kind of light.
#7. The Convoy
Ignacy Trzewiczek already won our number one solo and cooperative game of the year with the sprawling and ambitious Robinson Crusoe: Adventure on the Cursed Island, but somewhere between designing that masterpiece and running Portal Games, he decided to try his hand at invading the territory of Small Box Games with a horizontal-area-control game of his own. The result was The Convoy, set in the same desperate post-apocalyptic world as Neuroshima Hex and 51st State. And let me tell you, this game is brutal.
For one thing, unlike most of these types of games, its two factions are entirely asymmetrical, right down to their respective objectives. You could play as the marching army of Moloch, the game's “convoy” of murder-machines bent on wiping out humanity for good. These guys fill their ranks with obscenely deadly troops, gradually rolling over the landscape and leaving only smoldering ruins in their wake. Or you could play as the good-guy Outpost faction, mobile and tricky and ready to fight to the death at established hardpoints to keep new-New York from disappearing beneath a tide of genocidal robots.
Like the best games of this genre, The Convoy is mean, letting you and your opponent set up long-form strategies, army compositions, and emplacements, only for the appearance of a single well-timed unit to topple your position like a house of (literal) cards. As the Moloch horde pushes past your EMP cannons and rolls over Cleveland, you'll swear you've never been so invested in the fates of a bunch of fictional post-apocalyptic commandos. Then you'll swear in a different way.
#6. BattleLore (Second Edition)
I admit it, I'm a sucker for spectacle. Which isn't to say BattleLore (Second Edition) is only about the whizbangs, what with its adept use of the “Commands & Colors” battle format, clever scenario generation, smooth translation to the Terrinoth/RuneBound setting, and badass game-altering lore cards. But still, there's something to be said about how fantastic it looks set up on the table. I've had friends who normally can't stand two-player dueling-type games walk in on an in-progress match of BattleLore, only to gasp and ask if they can play the winner.
Really, it isn't only about how damn good it looks. It's also fairly simple to pick up on, and the armies are neat and do their own thing, and the scenarios are dynamic and fresh, and for such a big game it only takes about an hour and a half to get through an entire battle.
But seriously, it looks fabulous.
#5. Coin Age
Adam P. McIver's Coin Age will only cost you a refundable $1.56 to play. That's because it's a print-and-play game that could fit on an index card with room to spare, so you could play at McDonald's and buy some sort of crappy artificial hamburger that will likely give you colon cancer afterwards.
Because you can print it and play it right this very instant, you don't need me to tell you how good it is. That it's so compact that the recent successful Kickstarter campaign is going to put the game on a board the size of a credit card. That it uses its coins like two-sided dice, and allows for some shockingly deep gameplay that sees you taking control of a pun-filled kingdom with heads- or tails-themed armies. That the physical size of your coins is a brilliant shorthand for how powerful your troops are.
You don't need to hear all that, because you're already printing it off. You won't regret it.
#4. Omen: A Reign of War: Olympus Edition
Appearing on this list for the third time is Small Box Games, this time with a reprint and legacy edition of their best game of all time, Omen: A Reign of War.
I play Omen weekly, and it probably would have been #1 on this list if the Olympus Edition wasn't a reprint of a game I've been talking and writing about for ages now (“ages” means a little over a year in Space-Biff! time). It's got everything The Valkyrie Incident has and more: excellent drafting, awesome soldiers, tight mechanics, constant combo-making and combo-breaking, a broad decision space laden with choice-landmines and a vindictive opponent whose cards are every bit as broken and terrifying as yours. It's full of clever mechanics, a tough economy, and oh so much blood and carnage.
The one downside is that this is probably the last printing of Omen: A Reign of War that Small Box Games will ever do. I hope that's not true, because this game deserves to be played and enjoyed by everybody who can get their hands on it.
#3. Pixel Tactics 1 & 2
Last year's Minigames Library from Level 99 Games included a bevy of interesting titles, the most excellent of which was Pixel Tactics. This year, they followed it up with Pixel Tactics 2, which was more of the same, but when the same is nigh-perfect, why muck it up with innovation?
In a way, Pixel Tactics feels like an “accidental” success, like it's something designer Brad Talton Jr. thought up on the can or in a dream or something. Although it doesn't look it, it's rather brilliantly simple, each card actually representing five different units depending on its placement in your army. The result is hard to take pictures of, since each card looks so cluttered, but once the rules click into place you're presented with a brutal dance between two parties of warring heroes. You'll have heroes who are great defenders, ranged attackers, necromancers, and one-shot superbuffs, all at once, contingent on how you decide to use them. It allows for endless replayability. Especially once you merge the two decks together and settle in for a best-of-five tournament.
#2. The Duke
The Duke is the most readable game of the year. It's also the one game I managed to play with my father that he actually liked, probably because it's filled with so much universal appeal. You know, since it's kind of like chess, but not boring.
To follow the chess angle, imagine chess but with the ability to call for reinforcements during the game, pieces that switch between two modes as they move and attack, and an abundance of pieces that doesn't over-complicate the proceedings thanks to the game's perfectly clear visual language that shows you each soldier's abilities right on his face. If what you're now imagining isn't board game nirvana, you pictured it wrong.
I say this without hyperbole: this is the one game I'd recommend to anybody, anywhere, regardless of their taste in other games. Even if its tile-flipping conceit is too much to wrap your head around (though it shouldn't be), it's going to look gentlemanly as hell on your drawing room coffee table. Even if you don't have a coffee table or drawing room, it'll transform your trailer's kitchen/bathroom combo into something resembling a drawing room once you get The Duke up in there.
#1. BattleCON: Devastation of Indines
Level 99 Games is at it again. If Pixel Tactics was a success, Devastation of Indines (endearingly called “Devastion of Indians” at our house because of my failure to enunciate when first introducing it) is the game that won World War Two. It's a fighting game, and it won my heart even though my life history with fighting games consists mostly of getting kicked off the local arcade by a gang of mean teenagers, losing lots of Power Stone, and then losing lots of Smash Bros.
In spite of the thirty distinct fighters that come in the box, each with their own utterly unique fighting style, it's ultimately a fairly simple game about bluffing and outguessing your opponent. You pick a combo of base card and style card, maybe beef them up with tokens you've earned, then reveal and resolve. It all comes down to watching your opponent as he pretends he doesn't notice you watching him, trying to figure out whether he's going to dash to safety or press the attack, or shoot a ranged blast or go into fatality mode, or throw you into a corner or dance around the board until some of his other powers recharge. Each move has just enough going on to create the best kind of agony I've felt all year, but not so much as to overwhelm. Best of all, every battle rides on your smarts and ability to outperform your opponent, not how lucky you are at tossing dice or drawing cards.
There we have it — my Top Ten Two-Player Games of the Year! What are yours?
Former interim Democratic National Committee (DNC) chairwoman Donna Brazile in a new interview referred to Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's 2016 presidential campaign as a "cult."
"Morning Joe" host Joe Scarborough said during Brazile's appearance on the MSNBC show on Wednesday that he thinks President Trump won the 2016 election because of mistakes the Clinton campaign made, former FBI director James Comey and the influence of Russia.
"I'll put it all in there, but it should have never been a close race," he said.
ADVERTISEMENT
He then asked: "Why did they lose? Was it at the end of the day arrogance?"
“It was a cult,” Brazile said. “I felt like it was a cult. You could not penetrate them.”
Brazile said she is a "grass-roots organizer."
"I know how to touch people where they live, work, play and pray," she said.
"I cannot help a candidate if I don't have the resources, if I cannot spend the resources that the party is raising.”
Brazile said during an interview earlier this month she found "no evidence" that the 2016 Democratic presidential primary process was fixed.
“The only thing I found, which I said, I found the cancer, but I'm not killing the patient, was this memorandum that prevented the DNC from running its own operation," she said.
The remarks followed a previous release of a passage from Brazile's book, in which she described a memo she discovered between Clinton's presidential campaign, the DNC and Clinton's joint fundraising committee that said the campaign would "control the party's finances, strategy, and all the money raised."
Early-childhood educators in licensed daycare are getting their pay increased $1 an hour this month, Premier Kathleen Wynne announced Monday.
The move follows through on a section of the provincial budget the Ontario legislature approved last summer.
“We all know, and are reminded today, that putting very young people on the path to success starts when they are little,” said Wynne in making the announcement at St. Lawrence College in Kingston. “It's a huge job that requires natural talents, acquired skills and unflagging dedication and patience.”
Since the province instituted full-day kindergarten, with teachers paired up with early-childhood educators in school classrooms, there's been a big gap between the average pay of a school-based worker ($22 an hour to start) and one in an independent licensed daycare ($16.34 an hour).
The hike is to be followed by another $1-an-hour increase next year in an attempt to close the gap a little bit and help daycares keep workers from rushing to school-board jobs as soon as they can get them.
The increase, which the province will fund for daycares that apply, is expected to cost the province $269 million over three years, an average of about $89 million a year. It doesn't affect private unlicensed daycares, though, which are the backbone of child care in Ontario.
Wynne said nurturing small children and encouraging their curiosity is vital to Ontario's future, and chided a reporter who began a question about the province's economy by saying it was on a different subject.
dreevely@ottawacitizen.com
twitter.com/davidreevely
The ongoing stir by sanitation workers of cash-strapped East Delhi Municipal Corporation continued on Tuesday. Scores of workers assembled at Jheel Chowk in Delhi and pressed for their demands. The agitating employees, who went on strike on Friday, also torched effigies of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, the EDMC said.
Demanding release of salaries, several sanitation workers of EDMC have gone on strike called by the Delhi Pradesh Safai Karmachari Union. The stir has led to heaps of garbage left strewn in the streets in east Delhi. EDMC employs over 12,000 safai karmacharis, both in regular and contractual capacities.
Speaking on today's stir, Congress councillor and Leader of Opposition in the BJP-led EDMC said, that "on one hand the PM Modi talks of 'Swachch Bharat Mission' and on the other hand sanitation workers have not been paid their salaries or arrears."
She further alleged that ever since the installation of the BJP government at the Centre and the AAP government in Delhi, "no one is thinking about the common man." Incidentally, the East Delhi
Commissioner Amit Yadav on Saturday had said that the corporation (EDMC) had released the salaries of the sanitation workers due for February, and had asked the to resume their jobs. The Commissioner Yadav had said, was currently under a huge debt has accepted the demand for paying of due salaries, but we cannot "bow to other demands of the workers".
The EDMC has been running into losses worth several hundred crores and has been seeking funds from both Delhi government and the Centre to come out of the red but of no avail. Kejriwal on March 25 had suggested handing over the charge of the civic bodies to the Delhi government, which invited sharp reactions from the senior leaders of the three municipal corporations.
Quoting a verse from the Hadith - a collection of sayings of Prophet Muhammad - unauthorized posters appeared across Ankara on Tuesday, prompting passersby to "kill whoever does the ugly business of the people of Lot, whether he may perpetuate it or lets it happen."
An Islamist group known as the Young Islamic Defense claimed responsibility for the campaign, saying it was trying to "respond to the immoral actions" of lesbians, gays and bisexuals - equating them to the inhabitants of Sodom during biblical times. Though attracting criticism from LGBT groups globally, the campaign drew online support from likeminded people within Turkey who lauded the campaign.
Twitter user Yusuf Ensar Caliskan said: "I support this welcome initiative by the Young Islamic Defense group. We have to protect our brothers."
Other proponents of the poster campaign revealed their willingness to become part of a violent Islamic movement within Turkey. Genc Mucahide, or "young mujahedeen," tweeted that he applauded the Young Islamic Defense movement's posters, adding that he was supporting their cause "until the end."
"Getting rid of filth"
Other social media users challenged these attitudes. One confronted Yusuf Ensar Caliskan asking whether public incitement to murder could be regarded as a "welcome initiative." Another supporter of the Young Islamic Defense group replied it wasn't incitement but "getting rid of filth."
With Turks among the world's most active Twitter users, heated debates have continued online. But city and local officials have decried the magnitude of the incident. Ankara's city council said the posters fell under the jurisdiction of local Cankaya council, which is responsible for the part of the city where the posters were spotted. A local government official at Cankaya council told Deutsche Welle on the condition of anonymity that no one had heard about the incident until the press started reporting on it.
"Ankara city council really should be on top of it with all their resources. This is one of the biggest cities in the country. They should be on top of this, and they want to pass the blame to us? It's embarrassing," the official said. "It's embarrassing for them as much as it is embarrassing for us. And personally, I find it very saddening. Such things shouldn't be happening in this day and age."
Tear gas and rubber bullets to prevent gay pride march
The posters' appearance in the capital city came 10 days after Turkish police had intervened in the country's largest annual gay pride march. Police in Istanbul prevented the march from taking place by firing water cannons, tear gas and rubber bullets at activists. Authorities had tried to justify the march's ban by saying such an event should not take place during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Gay pride events had largely been successful in Istanbul for the past 10 years, but after the 2013 Gezi Park protests, which attracted many gays, lesbians, transsexuals and other supporting gender equality, authorities have been trying to clamp down on non-conformists and their various public events, include gay pride parades.
Many suffered injuries when the police stopped the Gay Pride Events in June with tear gas and rubber bullets
The posters in Ankara have since been taken down and the Young Islamic Defense Twitter account has been suspended, though sympathizers have promised to create a new platform for the extremist group. The Young Islamic Defense stated that it was "spreading the word of Islam" and not trying to incite any hatred. "This is the will of Allah after all," the statement read.
The group also distanced itself from any association with "Islamic State," despite adapting of several elements of the IS flag into its own symbol. It accused "the left-wing media" of linking the Young Islamic Defense group to IS.
Alienation and marginalization of minorities
Homosexuality is not illegal in Turkey, but many gays and lesbians choose keep their sexuality a secret. Despite the existence of LGBT organizations in Turkey, none replied to several requests for comment. Deutsche Welle Ankara correspondent Hilal Koylu said dissenting voices were increasingly keeping to themselves amid a volatile political climate.
"The issue is that there is a growing climate of hatred across Turkey - not just against gays but against women, against Kurds, against foreigners, against nonbelievers, against all minorities in general," Koylu said. "This is a worrying trend, and it is spilling over into fractions with such extreme political motivations. Even in the case of these anti-gay posters, it feels like part of a long list of hatemongering activities that have been surfacing lately. And to be honest, I don't where this is going to end."
"I was very sad," Whedon says of the writer-director's May 2014 exit from the Paul Rudd-starring film.
Joss Whedon is among the people who thought Edgar Wright's version of Ant-Man was on the right track.
Whedon, who directed next month's blockbuster Avengers: Age of Ultron, told BuzzFeed News that he was doesn't understand why Wright and Marvel couldn't see eye-to-eye on Ant-Man, which culminated in Wright dropping out as director of the film in May 2014.
"I thought the script was not only the best script that Marvel had ever had, but the most Marvel script I'd read," Whedon said of the screenplay for Wright's version of the film, written by Wright and Joe Cornish. "I had no interest in Ant-Man. [Then,] I read the script and was like, 'Of course! This is so good!' "
Whedon said that the script effectively channeled the Ant-Man comic books and was "irreverent and funny and could make what was small large, and vice versa."
"I don't know where things went wrong," he continued. "But I was very sad. Because I thought, 'This is a no-brainer. This is Marvel getting it exactly right.' Whatever dissonance that came, whatever it was, I don't understand why it was bigger than a marriage that seemed so right." He added that he doesn't blame either party solely for the friction.
After Wright's departure, Peyton Reed came aboard to direct the project, and the script was rewritten by Adam McKay and star Paul Rudd. Wright and Cornish are credited with writing the story.
This isn't the first time that Whedon has displayed his support for Wright. The day after Wright's Ant-Man departure was announced, Whedon tweeted a photo of himself holding up a Cornetto ice cream cone, a reference to Wright's so-called Cornetto film trilogy of Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and The World's End.
Ant-Man crawls into theaters July 17, while Ultron comes out May 1.
Email: Ryan.Gajewski@THR.com
Twitter: @_RyanGajewski
Mitchell Marsh's injury is another blow to Rising Pune Supergiants' struggling campaign © BCCI
Australia allrounder Mitchell Marsh has been ruled out of the remainder of the 2016 IPL season with a side strain, adding to a Rising Pune Supergiants list of injuries that already includes Kevin Pietersen and Faf du Plessis. Marsh will return home to recover ahead of Australia's tour of the Caribbean in June.
"Mitchell experienced some pain over his left abdominal area while batting at a training session with his team Pune in the IPL a few days ago," Cricket Australia sports science and sports medicine manager Alex Kountouris said. "He missed his team's next game and the pain has not resolved. He had scans in India that suggest he has a side strain injury and will now return home for further assessment and treatment ahead of the tour of the West Indies.
"Once we have a better understanding of the extent of the injury we will be able to advise on his return-to-play timeframes."
Marsh played only three of Supergiants' first seven games this season, taking four wickets at an economy rate of 5.00. He batted once and made 7. Supergiants won only two of those seven games and were in the bottom half of the points table when Marsh was ruled out.
Supergiants signed up Australia batsman Usman Khawaja after Pietersen and du Plessis were ruled out. With Marsh now added to their injury list, their squad now has two vacant slots.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Iran — an Islamic theocracy that criminalizes consensual same-sex relations, forces women to adhere to a strict and modest dress code in public, and has zero-tolerance for dissidents' freedom of expression — presents a surprisingly lenient attitude on trans issues.
On the surface, the Iranian government seems supportive of the trans community. Official reports reveal that gender confirmation surgery for trans individuals is subsidized by the state. Trans activists are also legally allowed to organize and register an advocacy group and benefit from public assistance, such as access to free office space provided by Tehran's Municipality.
In reality however, while the trans community in Iran enjoys more rights than in any other Muslim country in the region, pervasive social discrimination and legal abuse against trans individuals remains a constant fact of life.
Over the past decade, the Iranian State Welfare Organization has provided consistent —though limited — support to trans individuals in need of medical, psychological, or financial assistance. Iranian universities — notoriously monitored and controlled by the government — organize conferences and research projects on the social status and medical needs of the trans community. Even pro-government Shiite religious leaders speak in defense of the trans community in sermons, books and articles, and media appearances.
Iranian government policies on trans issues have provided opportunity for artists to show solidarity with the country's nascent trans movement. In 2011, the government allowed the screening of Facing Mirrors, a highly acclaimed feature film chronicling the life of a trans man who is disowned by his family and ridiculed by society.
The film was highly praised by the Iranian media, including by the ultra-conservative Kayhan newspaper. In recent years, an Iranian movie super-star, Behnoosh Bakhtiari, with over 5 million followers on Instagram, has become the honorary ambassador of the trans community, educating the public about gender identity and advocating for society to embrace trans individuals and treat them with respect.
While positive steps towards trans rights recognition have been made, the reality of daily life in Iran is still plagued by discrimination, abuse, and arbitrary arrest. Trans individuals are both grossly misunderstood and horrendously mistreated in Iran. As documented in OutRight Action International's most recent human rights report, “Being Transgender in Iran,” Hasti, a 30-year-old trans woman was detained and harassed by the Iranian police for wearing makeup and presenting as a woman at a private function. She said:
“…The [police] would lift up my dress, looked at my ID card and ask me if I was a man or a woman. In the end they forced me to sign a pledge letter [to promise that I would no longer dress as a woman] and then released me.”
Iranian authorities firmly root trans experiences in pathological explanations, believing that it is a psychosexual disease. In Iran, trans individuals are officially referred to as people with a “gender identity disorder” (GID). This goes against global trends of declassifying trans identity as a disorder.
In 2012, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders reclassified GID as Gender Dysphoria, and currently the World Health Organization is moving towards declassifying trans identity as a mental disorder altogether. In line with such a narrow medicalized understanding of trans experiences, the Iranian government only recognizes the gender identity of trans people who have undergone complete gender confirmation surgery.
These strict requirements are prohibitive. Not all trans individuals are willing, able, or allowed to surgically change their anatomy, as the right to access gender confirmation surgery is not guaranteed. The Iranian government has set up an elaborate legal and medical system to evaluate each and every sex reassignment application. Only those who successfully pass a long medical evaluation and are officially diagnosed with GID can obtain the government-issued license to start the gender reassignment process, and hopefully obtain their new legal national ID card, which reflects their gender identity.
The scope of Iran's laws fail to recognize the rights of trans individual who do not wish to undergo the medical transition process. Many Iranian trans individuals do not wish to alter their body. Some simply cannot afford the multiple medical procedures, which can span over several years and may cost thousands of dollars. This is a hefty price tag for low and middle-income Iranians, thus making the medical procedure unattainable. Additionally, many trans individuals face financial instability because social, educational, and employment barriers deprive them of economic opportunities. Due to social stigma and discrimination, trans individuals often also cannot rely on the financial or moral support of their families.
The Iranian government can do more to demonstrate its commitment to the rights of its trans citizens. Revisiting the narrow medical definition of the trans experience is a critical first step in this direction. Debunking the medicalized understanding of the trans experience would help Iranian trans community members fight against demeaning social stereotypes and avoid being subjected to medical experiments. It would also allow the gender identity of trans individuals to be legally recognized without forcefully altering their body or being labeled as suffering from an illness.
Iran prides itself on being one of the few Muslim countries with legal recognition for trans rights. Isn't it time for the Iranian policymakers to revamp their views on gender identity and develop a progressive legal framework, one that discontinues categorizing transgender persons as deformed individuals warranting pity and sympathy? Iran should evolve the discourse and treatment of transgender citizens and recognize that these individuals as wholesome human beings with the right to dignity and respect.
Note: Outright Action International has recently released two reports concerning the situation of Transgender people and Lesbians in Iran accessible at the following link.
Kevin Schumacher (aka Hossein Alizedah) is the Regional Program Coordinator for the Middle East and North Africa for OutRight Action International. OutRight Action International's mission is to advance human rights for everyone, everywhere to end discrimination based on sexual orientation, gender identity, and gender expression.
This Story Filed Under
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Tel Aviv District Court on Tuesday convicted Hassan Matruch of Tulkarm as part of a plea bargain relating to his stabbing attack in Tel Aviv in January.
Matruch is likely to receive 28 years in prison for the attack, according to the plea deal.
He stabbed 12 passengers on a Dan No. 40 bus on January 21.Following the attack, the IDF, guided by the Shin Bet (Israel Security Agency), raided three homes in Samaria belonging to Matruch's family.Dramatic video of Tel Aviv terrorist pursuing victims as he flees busNine other passengers were treated for shock.Matruch was taken into custody the day after the attack.Prisons Services officers, who happened to be in a vehicle behind the bus when Matruch attacked, shot him in the leg and arrested him.During initial questioning, Matruch said he had purchased a large knife in Tulkarm, crossed the Green Line illegally, and carried out the attack.He said he was motivated by last summer's conflict in the Gaza Strip, unrest on the Temple Mount, and watching extremist Islamist content that glorified “the reaching of heaven,” the Shin Bet said.Matruch was taken to the hospital for treatment after his arrest.The attack near the Ma'ariv junction began with Matruch stabbing bus driver Herzl Biton, 62, repeatedly in the upper body.The bus began swerving in its lane as Biton, who had been on the job for more than two decades, fought with the terrorist.The lurching bus caught the attention of officers from the Prisons Service's Nahshon Unit, who were driving behind the bus on their way to the Tel Aviv courthouse to pick up detainees. When the officers saw the bus come to a stop and passengers fleeing, they chased the terrorist as he fled through parking lots and alleyways toward Hamasger Street.One of the officers shot Matruch in the leg, and they placed him under arrest.Moments after the attack Biton, who suffered abdominal and internal injuries, called a colleague from the Dan Bus Cooperative to tell him he feared for his life and if he died, to take care of his children.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
George Osborne is to reject Brussels' efforts to clamp down on rogue bankers and introduce new UK rules designed to criminalize those who manipulate London's key markets instead.
The Chancellor will use his Mansion House speech on Thursday night to declare that the UK will “opt out” of the Europe Union's criminal sanctions legislation and introduce its own tougher rules for bankers who fix rates and abuse markets.
The plans will be considered by a joint review by the Treasury, the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) into the UK's wholesale financial markets.
The Fair and Effective Markets Review will look to extend the sanctions designed for those who rigged Libor to those who abuse foreign exchange rates, fixed income and commodity markets too.
If passed, the rules will be extended to include foreign banks operating in London as well as domestic banks. It will be the first time London's £3 trillion-a-day global foreign exchange market, which is already subject to regulatory investigations following allegations of manipulation, will face full scale regulation .
Ahead of the speech John Cridland, CBI Director-General, welcomed the move. He said: “We need to send out a strong signal against wrongdoing and beefing up regulators' tools to combat market abuse will help to do this. At the same time, we need to look more broadly, at instilling a culture in the banking industry that always put customers first – achieving this will require strong leadership from the top of each and every organisation.”
Barry Vitou, Corporate Crime Partner at law firm Pinsent Masons added: “These plans, along with the Banking reform legislative measures enacted late last year will contribute a lot in restoring London's reputation as a pre-eminent and ethical financial centre”
The Government, which has opted out of European criminal abuse rules before, has said it wants to retain flexibility over legislation that impacts its vitally important financial services sector. The UK is also keen to keep cases in its domestic courts rather than lose control to the European Court of Justice.
“The integrity of the City matters to the economy of Britain,” Mr Osborne is expected to say, according to extracts of his speech. “Markets here set the interest rates for people's mortgages, the exchange rates for our exports and holidays, and the commodity prices for the goods we buy.”
He will add: “I am going to deal with abuses, tackle the unacceptable behaviour of the few and ensure that markets are fair for the many who depend on them.”
The review will be led by Minouche Shafik, the recently appointed Deputy Governor for Markets and Banking at the Bank of England. The former deputy managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) will be flanked by Martin Wheatley, chief executive of the FCA, and Charles Roxburgh, director of financial services at the Treasury, who will be co-chairmen.
Elizabeth Corely, chief executive of Allianz Global Investors, has been asked to lead a panel of market practitioners who will “reflect the views” of the financial services industry. The review will start in the autumn and is expected to last 12 months, beyond the next General Election.
Britain's over-heating property market will be addressed at the annual Mansion House dinner by both Mr Osborne and Mark Carney, the Governor of the Bank of England.
Mr Osborne is expected to use his speech to pledge new incentives to boost housebuilding in a bid to address concerns of a housing bubble, particularly in the capital. Options include giving builders new incentives to build on derelict sites in towns and cities rather than the greenbelt. Experts argue that there is enough brownfield land in England for 2.5m new homes, a large proportion of which are in London where demand for new homes is at its highest.
Cathy Jamieson MP, Labour's Shadow Financial Secretary to the Treasury, said: “This review is too little, too late. We pressed Ministers to regulate commodities markets and the full array of financial benchmarks back in 2012, but the Chancellor failed to act.”
Dan Gainor, the Media Research Center's VP of Business and Culture, tells Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about a recent episode of ABC's “Quantico” in which a domestic terrorist shouts “Make America great again” before an attack.
Obviously, the slogan has been popularized by the candidacy of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump. “They are basically just taking the Trump line, ripping it off and putting it in the mouth of terrorists. That is ABC directly trying to impact the presidential election,” said Gainor.
As Gainor pointed out, the show also recently took a shot at Ted Cruz. “One of the characters is talking and she says, ‘I've worked with some difficult people in Washington, bull-headed Republicans, radical Libertarians, Ted Cruz', like you know, he's so much more extreme than either of those other two groups, he gets his own little category. That's just another one of the ways they try to influence the election,” concluded Gainor.
The MRC clip of ABC's “Quantico” is here: As the Media Research Center's Erik Soderstrom noted, “Apparently, ‘Make America Great Again' is the equivalent of ‘Allahu Akbar,' in Hollywood's minds.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST.
HDMI Audio Output under Linux fixed on Tronsmart Ara X5 Plus
Great news, thanks to the cooperation between GeekBox & Tronsmart developers, OpenELEC 7.0 ROM has been released to fix HDMI Audio Output under Linux kernel 4.4/4.5.
In an effort to avail OpenELEC in Geekbox, the development team haven been customizing a dedicated firmware and will share with our customers as soon as it passes through our stringent test. Moreover, the OpenELEC ROM for Tronsmart IZ37 is also listed in their daily agenda.
Now, we can enjoy both Windows/Linux on Ara X5 Plus.
Under our testing, Audio output works great via HDMI cable and speaker jack(system->setting-system->audio output->audio output devices, choose USB Audio device)
With support for Openelec, Ara X5 Plus stands out from the rest. 10bit, 4K@H.265 ,3D ISO, Blueray ISO, AC3/DTS 5.1 pass through etc, all works as expected. Plus, WiFi/Ethernet works ok, you can enjoy Add-ons from Kodi too.
Here is the Openelec download link.
Click Here to download
Following the instruction to install.
http://wiki.openelec.tv/index.php/HOW-TO:Installing_OpenELEC/Writing_The_Disk_Image#tab=Windows
Tips on installing openelec.
1. Format a USB(should more than 2GB) to FAT 32, make a booting USB drive with Win32Diskimager .
2. Insert it to USB3.0 of X5 Plus, power on and fast press F7 on keyboard, now enter into UFEI system.
3. Choose the name of your USB and press enter key on keyboard, Now you can install openelec step by step as instructed.
4. Tronsmart information and Windows key are pre-write in BIOS chips, so you can flash back to Windows system directly without losing BIOS, drivers, Keys.
Please enjoy openelec now.
Geekbuying
SPOILERS FOR DUST BELOW
I've been playing the DUST Survival Simulator mod by naugrim04 recently and fell in love with it almost instantly. The only thing I don't like about it is that The Courier is hostile when you meet him, and killing him is the only option, so I changed that! This is the first mod that I've ever made for any game, aside from changing damage values in the G.E.C.K. for various weapons, so don't expect a Willow or Niner companion, but there are various options. These include:Fully voiced Courier Companion from DUST Survival Simulator (Voice actor is a friend and has no experience, so go easy. Lip sync files provided by Hopper31)Access inventory, change combat style, change follow distance, dismiss companion, tell companion to wait through dialogue optionsCompanion Caller for when he mysteriously wanders offSome dialogue options for information on the story of Dust, and some comments about areas of the MojaveWill use Stimpaks if he has any in his inventorySpecial gift and conversation when you enter The Divide with himUnlockable repair menuOther things that you can find out!He can be found in The Tomb (also known as Lake Mead Cave)NOTE: This is a completely separate NPC from the original Courier from DUST. He will still be in the cave even if you killed the original Courier.ANOTHER NOTE: He follows the same rules as vanilla companions, i.e. is essential ONLY when following you in regular mode, but can die at any time in Hardcore mode. Feel free to change these options with the "Essential" check mark in the GECK if you want him to stay alive 5ever.Requirements:DUST Survival Simulator by naugrim04 - http://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/57927/?(Version 1.65 or newer)Load Order:Put it after DUSTV1.2Added unlockable repair menu, and the ability to upgrade his repair skillBuffed the Courier a bit, and made his face not look like a weird fish, so lips are useful again!Added some comments about some areas of the Mojave. Will be adding more in the future.
Posted by John Prager on 11 Aug 2017
When someone describes a scene in which a large crowd of white supremacists got together, surrounded a bunch of black people, and beat them while throwing torches, it conjures images from a shameful time in our nation's past that should be long gone. But under Trump, old-fashioned racist lynch mobs are back, y'all.
Friday was the beginning of what the Anti-Defamation-League says may be the “largest white supremacist gathering in a decade.”
The nation's “not-racists” marched through the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia chanting “blood and soil”– a phrase that was popular in Adolf Hitler's Germany:
Chanting "you will not replace us" pic.twitter.com/rxpJU0841V — Joe Heim (@JoeHeim) August 12, 2017
https://twitter.com/Freeyourmindkid/status/896239701832740865
UVA president says she is "deeply saddened and disturbed" by behavior of torch-bearing protesters on school grounds. Video: @hectorapm pic.twitter.com/Vm4tg1dqAv — NBC News (@NBCNews) August 12, 2017
Naturally, they had to remind counter-protesters that they sound like “n*ggers.”
While they claimed they were simply defending themselves against “white genocide” (code for when society doesn't decide everything isn't “whites only”) or whatever excuse they have to march around like a bunch of jackasses this time, things quickly turned violent because violence was the goal from the beginning.
https://twitter.com/aletweetsnews/status/896193422482124800
Massive brawl breaks out, tiki torches thrown as #UniteTheRight reaches Jefferson monument in #Charlottesville. Chemicals dispersed pic.twitter.com/NsepwZC0Te — Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) August 12, 2017
It's 2017 and white supremacists are marching around #Charlottesville with torches, beating people up, and intimidating churchgoers. pic.twitter.com/EcHVERx3IF — Black Aziz Anansi (@Freeyourmindkid) August 12, 2017
Naturally, after police deployed chemical deterrents, the Nazis ran away:
Mass exodus of #UniteTheRight from Jefferson monument in #Charlottesville after chemicals deployment. Rally turned back into march in mins pic.twitter.com/U9aYbI3hiH — Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) August 12, 2017
Interestingly, police presence was light for the gathering of racists — completely unlike whenever any group of African-Americans marches in the streets to protest police brutality and other issues they face in modern America.
This is Trump's America. This is what less than half of us kinda-sorta voted for and got thanks to an outdated electoral system that was set up to protect the power of slave owners.
This…needs to end before our country reaches the point of no return.
Featured image via screengrab
In 2001 — long before he dated Brittany Murphy, married Demi Moore or had a baby with Mila Kunis — Ashton Kutcher had a girlfriend named Ashley Ellerin, who was murdered by a serial killer.
Gawker recently brought the scary story from the 36-year-old's past to our attention as part of a new column called, “Remember When?”
The 22-year-old student and part-time stripper was seeing Ashton when she met her untimely death at the hands of then 24-year-old Michael Gargiulo, a local repairman who had an unhealthy interest in Ashley.
On Feb. 21, 2001, the night of the Grammys, Ashley reached out to Ashton to ask if she should come to his friend's house to watch the award show. He told her no and that they would meet up later at her home.
Ashley Ellerin
Unfortunately, Gargiulo got to her first.
A 2010 piece in ‘LA Weekly' states, “Kutcher, interviewed by detectives the day after Ellerin's slaying, said he called her twice that night but she didn't answer. He blamed bad reception and drove over at 10:45 p.m. Ellerin's lights were on and her maroon BMW was in the drive. He knocked several times, and when she didn't answer he peered through a front window.
“Kutcher saw what he assumed to be red wine stains leading toward the bedroom. ‘He figured she was upset' because he was late, and ‘she brushed him off. So he left,' testified LAPD Detective Thomas Shevolek.”
Ashley's roommate discovered the crime scene and the body the next morning. The victim had been stabbed 35 times in such a frenzied attack, that her head was almost severed from her body.
Michael Gargiulo
After friends' concerns about “Mike the furnace man” led police to Gargiulo, he was arrested and has since confessed to killing as many as 10 women.
The alleged serial killer is currently awaiting trial, and though Ashton has rarely spoken about his role in the chilling case, he's expected to testify.
Michael Pitt will no longer be hearing the screaming squealing of the lambs pigs when Hannibal returns for Season 3.
The actor, who played sociopathic meat-packing magnate Mason Verger in Season 2, is not returning to the series and will be replaced by Joe Anderson (The Divide, The River), TVLine has learned exclusively.
The decision not to return was Pitt's, according to sources.
The recast comes at a fairly convenient time in Mason's story arc: When we last saw him, he was under the influence of Dr. Lecter's hallucinogenic drugs, and being led by the titular serial killer to carve off chunks of his own face to feed to himself and nemesis Will Graham's dogs.
In October, TVLine reported that Season 3 of Hannibal will introduce a new recurring character named Cordell, the “quiet, very intelligent and definitely creepy” personal doctor to Mason. The late-thirtysomething character is described as “attentive and gentle with Mason, a professional who cares about his work, but we get a sense he might be as sadistic as his boss — and a perfect fit to become his potential henchman.”
Update: Anderson has posted a photo of himself on Instagram in full Mason Verger regalia — check it out below (if you dare).
Bummed about Pitt's exit from Hannibal? Excited to see what Anderson can do with the role? Sounds off in the comments!
WEC 34: Faber vs. Pulver was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting that took place on June 1, 2008 at the ARCO Arena in Sacramento, California. The main event, announced on WEC 33, was a bout between Jens Pulver and Urijah Faber for the WEC Featherweight Championship. WEC 34 was aired live on Versus.[2] [3]
Background [ edit ]
The event drew an estimated 1,540,000 viewers on Versus, a record high for the WEC.[4]
Richard Crunkilton was originally slated to face Donald Cerrone at this event, but he was forced from the bout with an injury and replaced by promotional newcomer Danny Castillo.[5]
Eric Schambari was originally scheduled to face Tim McKenzie at this event, but was also injured and replaced by the debuting Jeremy Lang.[6]
Results [ edit ]
Reported payout [ edit ]
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the California State Athletic Commission. It does not include sponsor money or "locker room" bonuses often given by the WEC.[7]
Urijah Faber: $44,000 (includes $22,000 win bonus) def. Jens Pulver: $33,000
$44,000 (includes $22,000 win bonus) def. Jens Pulver: $33,000 Miguel Torres: $28,000 ($14,000 win bonus) def. Yoshiro Maeda: $6,000
$28,000 ($14,000 win bonus) def. Yoshiro Maeda: $6,000 Mark Munoz: $16,000 ($8,000 win bonus) def. Chuck Grigsby: $3,000
$16,000 ($8,000 win bonus) def. Chuck Grigsby: $3,000 Rob McCullough: $32,000 ($16,000 win bonus) def. Kenneth Alexander: $3,000
$32,000 ($16,000 win bonus) def. Kenneth Alexander: $3,000 Donald Cerrone: $10,000 ($5,000 win bonus) def. Danny Castillo: $3,000
$10,000 ($5,000 win bonus) def. Danny Castillo: $3,000 Mike Brown: $10,000 ($5,000 win bonus) def. Jeff Curran: $10,000
$10,000 ($5,000 win bonus) def. Jeff Curran: $10,000 Will Ribeiro: $6,000 ($3,000 win bonus) def. Chase Beebe: $7,000
$6,000 ($3,000 win bonus) def. Chase Beebe: $7,000 Tim McKenzie: $12,000 ($6,000 win bonus) def. Jeremy Lang: $4,000
$12,000 ($6,000 win bonus) def. Jeremy Lang: $4,000 Alex Serdyukov: $6,000 ($3,000 win bonus) def. Luis Sapo: $3,000
$6,000 ($3,000 win bonus) def. Luis Sapo: $3,000 José Aldo: $6,000 ($3,000 win bonus) def. Alexandre Franca Nogueira: $8,000
$6,000 ($3,000 win bonus) def. Alexandre Franca Nogueira: $8,000 Dominick Cruz: $6,000 ($3,000 win bonus) def. Charlie Valencia: $7,000
See also [ edit ]
by John Patzakis, X1
A key amendment to US Federal Rule of Evidence 902, in the form of new subsection (14), will go into effect on December 1, 2017. This amendment will significantly impact eDiscovery and computer forensics software and its use by establishing that electronic data recovered “by a process of digital identification” is to be self-authenticating, thereby not routinely necessitating the trial testimony of a forensic or technical expert where best practices are employed, as certified through a written affidavit by a “qualified person.” Notably, the accompanying official Advisory Committee notes specifically reference the importance of both generating “hash values” and verifying them post-collection as a means to meet this standard for self-authentication. This digital identification and verification process can only be achieved with purpose-built computer forensics or eDiscovery collection and preservation tools.
While Rule 902(14) will technically become effective on December 1, 2017, there is a “retroactive” aspect to this amendment, as electronic evidence collected in a Rule 902(14) compliant manner any time prior to the rule's effective date can be admitted under the new provisions. This is important, because digital evidence is routinely collected well in advance of trial. Electronic evidence that an examiner collects next week may not be actually introduced at trial until one year or more from now, so practitioners need to understand and account for Rule 902(14) immediately.
Rule 902, in its current form, enumerates a variety of documents that are presumed to be self-authenticating without other evidence of authenticity. These include public records and other government documents, notarized documents, newspapers and periodicals, and records kept in the ordinary course of business. New subpart (14) will now include electronic data collected via a process of digital identification as a key addition to this important rule.
Amended Rule 902, in pertinent part, reads as follows:
Rule 902. Evidence That Is Self-Authenticating
The following items of evidence are self-authenticating; they require no extrinsic evidence of authenticity in order to be admitted:
* * *
(14) Certified Data Copied from an Electronic Device, Storage Medium, or File.
Data copied from an electronic device, storage medium, or file, if authenticated by a process of digital identification, as shown by a certification of a qualified person that complies with the certification requirements of Rule 902(11) or (12).
The reference to the “certification requirements of Rule 902(11) or (12)” is a process by which a proponent seeking to introduce electronic data into evidence must present a certification in the form of a written affidavit that would be sufficient to establish authenticity were that information provided by a witness at trial. This affidavit must be provided by a “qualified person,” which generally would be a computer forensics, eDiscovery or information technology practitioner, who collected the evidence and can attest to the requisite process of digital identification utilized.
In applying Rule 902(14), the courts will heavily rely on the accompanying Judicial Conference Advisory Committee notes, which provide guidance and insight concerning the intent of the laws and how they should be applied. The Advisory Committee notes are published alongside the statute and are essentially considered an extension of the rule. The second paragraph of committee note to Rule 902(14) states, in its entirety, as follows:
“Today, data copied from electronic devices, storage media, and electronic files are ordinarily authenticated by ‘hash value.' A hash value is a number that is often represented as a sequence of characters and is produced by an algorithm based upon the digital contents of a drive, medium, or file. If the hash values for the original and copy are different, then the copy is not identical to the original. If the hash values for the original and copy are the same, it is highly improbable that the original and copy are not identical. Thus, identical hash values for the original and copy reliably attest to the fact that they are exact duplicates. This amendment allows self-authentication by a certification of a qualified person that she checked the hash value of the proffered item and that it was identical to the original. The rule is flexible enough to allow certifications through processes other than comparison of hash value, including by other reliable means of identification provided by future technology.”
The Advisory Committee notes further state that Rule 902(14) is designed to streamline the admission of electronic evidence where its foundation is not at issue, while providing a notice procedure where “the parties can determine in advance of trial whether a real challenge to authenticity will be made, and can then plan accordingly.” While this rule provides that properly certified electronic data is now afforded a strong presumption of authenticity, the opponent may still lodge an objection, but the opponent now has the burden to overcome that presumption. Additionally, the opponent remains free to object to admissibility on other grounds, such as relevance or hearsay.
Significant Impact Expected
While Rule 902(14) applies to the Federal Courts, the Rules of Evidence for most states either mirror or closely resemble the Federal Rules of Evidence, and it is thus expected that most if not all 50 states will soon adapt this amendment.
Rule 902(14) will most certainly and significantly impact computer forensics and eDiscovery practitioners by reinforcing best practices. The written certification required by Rule 902(14) must be provided by a “qualified person” who utilized best practices for the collection, preservation and verification of the digital evidence sought to be admitted. At the same time, this rule will in effect call into question electronic evidence collection methods that do not enable a defensible “digital identification” and verification process. In fact, the Advisory Committee notes specifically reference the importance of computer forensics experts, noting that a “challenge to the authenticity of electronic evidence may require technical information about the system or process at issue, including possibly retaining a forensic technical expert.”
In the eDiscovery context, I have previously highlighted the perils of both custodian self-collection for enterprise ESI collection and “print screen” methods for social media and website preservation. Rule 902(14) should provide the final nail in the coffin for those practices. For instance, if key social media evidence is collected through manual print screen, which is not a “process of digital identification” under Rule 902(14), then not only will the proponent of that evidence fail to take advantage of the efficiencies and cost-savings provided by the rule, they will also invite heightened scrutiny for not preserving the evidence utilizing best practices. The same is true for custodian self-collection in the enterprise. Many emails and other electronic documents preserved and disclosed by the producing party are often favorable to their case. Without best practices utilized for enterprise data collection, that information may not be deemed self-authenticating under this new rule.
In the law enforcement field, untrained patrol officers or field investigators are too often collecting electronic evidence in a manual and haphazard fashion, without utilizing the right tools that qualify as a “process of digital identification.” So for an example, if an untrained investigator collects a web page via the computer's print screen process, that printout will not be deemed to be self-authenticating under Rule 902(14), and will face significant evidentiary hurdles compared to a properly collected web page via a solution that is Rule 902(14) compliant.
Also being added to Federal Rule of Evidence 902 is subpart (13), which provides that “a record generated by an electronic process or system that produces an accurate result” is similarly self-authenticating. This subpart will also have a beneficial impact on the computer forensics and eDiscovery field, but to a lesser degree than subpart (14). Look for a further discussion of Rule 902(13) in a future article. The public comment period on amendments (13) and (14) is now closed and the Judicial Conference of the United States has issued its final approval. The amendments are currently under review by the US Supreme Court. If the Supreme Court approves these amendments as expected, they will become effective on December 1, 2017 absent Congressional intervention.
John Patzakis is an attorney and Executive Chairman of X1. Mr. Patzakis is widely published over the past 15 years and has lectured frequently on matters concerning digital evidence and the law. X1 (www.x1.com) offers next generation search, investigation and eDiscovery software including X1 Social Discovery, the leading social media and internet investigation solution, and X1 Distributed Discovery, a revolutionary enterprise eDiscovery search and collection platform.
Not to be outdone on the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge leaks that were all over the Internets yesterday, Samsung has published an official launch website for its forthcoming pair of flagships — which includes a new promo video for the S7 Edge with some heavy hints about features, along with some general themes Samsung is pushing for the S7 line. The company's previous teaser video for the S7 focused on its Gear VR platform.
So what additional details can we glean? In the new video (embedded at the end of this post) — titled “Get Ready for the #NextGalaxy” — a handset that might well be the S7 Edge is shown getting heavily rained on, so check the box for water resistance/water-proofing…
Despite the 2014 Galaxy S5 sporting water resistance, last year's S6 flagships were not officially water resistant; Samsung reserved that feature for another handset, the Galaxy S6 Active. Boo-hiss! But it looks like the company has had a change of heart and will be bringing water-resistance back to its flagship line. Or at least to the S7 Edge. Let's hope so.
The promo video also shows an unnamed device strapped to the arm of a runner — Indonesian archer, Dellie Threesyadinda — and being used in conjunction with Samsung's Gear S2 smartwatch to monitor heart rate, so fitness unsurprisingly remains a core focus. Albeit that's been true of Samsung's flagships since at least the S5, which came with a built-in heart-rate monitor.
Another feature briefly flagged by Samsung in the video is wireless charging — albeit the company built that into its S6 flagships last year, and has offered support for wireless charging via optional accessories for several generations of its flagship line, so nothing new to see here.
It's more like Samsung hoping to finally get people excited about a feature that has failed to excite folks for years now…
Frankly speaking, current gen wireless charging is a roundly uninspiring technology. Charging technology that still requires you to place a device onto a charging pad is really no step up from having to plug in a device to charge it. When wireless charging works over the air, without any need for charger pads, then it will finally be a tech upgrade worth having. But we're not there yet.
Samsung's promo video ends with a camera-related shot of the incoming device. Since smartphones are far more frequently used to snap pictures nowadays vs time spent being used as an actual telephone that's entirely as you'd expect. Phones should really be renamed pocket cameras.
One of the teaser slogans on the Samsung website — “bring light to the night” — also includes a close up shot of a camera lens, suggesting further low light camera enhancements are incoming to the S7 line. This is also to be expected, given that trying to squeeze ever better performance out of (relatively) tiny camera sensors has been an ongoing preoccupation of smartphone makers in recent years.
The other Samsung S7 teaser slogans are a little underwhelming, including the awkwardly worded “worry-less discovery”, which looks to be a reference to the aforementioned waterproofing feature.
There's also the strangely worded “experience privacy at its finest”, which suggests Samsung might be taking a leaf out of Apple's public pro-privacy stance. Which would be more interesting. Or it might be a ref to Samsung's long-standing Knox security platform. We'll find out more on Sunday when the company does its official unboxing.
Judging by yesterday's S7-related leaks Samsung is not doing any kind of major redesign for its new flagships. So the unnamed handset shown in the video could just as plausibly be the S6 Edge as the S7 Edge, albeit the intention is clearly to showcase features incoming in the next generation models.
What don't we see being flagged up in this latest promo? There's no sign of the slated pressure-sensitive screen. Nor an SD card slot, removable battery or USB-C charger port. But the latter sort of techie details aren't how any company sells to the mass market so that's also to be expected. Still, hardcore Android fans should probably steel themselves to be disappointed that Samsung might not have had a rethink on bringing user expandable memory back after all.
And if Samsung is spending promo video time flagging up tired old wireless charging vs highlighting faster charging via USB-C, well, that faster charging rumor might not come to pass either. Either way, it's not long to wait for official confirmation.
TC will be on the ground at Samsung's press conference in Barcelona on Sunday evening to get hands on with the new kit so stay tuned.
The investigation was widely reported on Tuesday, as school officials looked into allegations that a student had photographed exams and shared answers with a long list of other students. But contrary to some reports, the student caught with the cellphone has not been expelled, the city Education Department said in a statement.
The department “takes cheating allegations very seriously and has systems in place to investigate and follow disciplinary procedures as needed,” the statement said, adding that the department was “working with the school on the correct disciplinary action.”
Several students said that cheating was a symptom of a broader and more widespread problem with priorities at Stuyvesant, where competition for top rankings is intense and, some said, overshadows the substance of learning.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Unfortunately, it's a strong part of the culture,” Brendan Toyoshima, 17, a junior, said, referring to cheating. He added that he wished “there was more of an emphasis on trying to learn.”
“I don't cheat,” said Zane Sterling, 15, a sophomore. “My grades suffer because of that.”
Two years ago, the student newspaper, The Spectator, editorialized that “academic dishonesty is firmly entrenched” but rarely punished, adding, “If you walk down any hallway in the building you are almost guaranteed to see students copying homework.”
The newspaper blamed not competition but an emphasis on memorization and standardized tests that devalues learning and contributes to mistrust between students and teachers. A satirical article last year took a lighter note, claiming that 110 percent of students cheat and quoting one who prefers to translate another student's essays from Russian than write his own.
But on Tuesday, Tyler Ross, a senior, said cheating was uncommon and contrary to the school's essence.
“I got an incredible education from amazing teachers at an excellent school,” he said.
He called the cheating “indefensible.” But he also noted that the student whose phone was confiscated was well liked and known for involvement in photography and volunteer political activities. Students began an online petition calling for the student in question not to be expelled and declaring that he “does not deserve to have his future ripped out of his hands, simply so the administration can set an example.”
What was most puzzling to some students was why their peers would cheat on state Regents exams, which they nearly universally referred to as “not that hard.”
It's crucial that the federal government turn its climate change plans into tangible action following decades of failure to do so, said Canada's environment watchdog in a new report tabled in Parliament on Tuesday.
Following sweeping audits of 19 federal departments, Commissioner of the Environment and Sustainable Development Julie Gelfand said that all of Ottawa's “previous plans” for climate action have failed to produce concrete results and now "is the time for change."
“The government does not have a solid strategy for eliminating inefficient fossil fuel subsidies, and it is nowhere near being ready to adapt to the impacts of climate change,” she said, as the report was released.
"The federal government needs to start doing the hard work to turn this latest broad framework into tangible and measurable actions.”
No clear plan for GHG reduction
Gelfand's report lauded the Trudeau government for improved collaboration on climate action with provinces and territories, but noted that it had abandoned greenhouse gas emissions targets set by the previous Harper government. Canada was so far from meeting those goals, said the report, that it “was no longer working” toward its commitment to reduce climate-polluting emissions 17 per cent below 2005 levels by 2020, as laid out in the 2010 Copenhagen Accord.
But Gelfand said the federal government's failures to take effective action date back to 1992.
Greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) — produced through the burning of fossil fuels — are the primary cause of climate change, which increases the world's risk of natural disasters, forest fires and floods. Canada is the ninth-largest GHG emitter in the world, the report noted, with the oil, gas and transportation sectors as its largest contributors.
Gelfand's reports touted the government's recent funding of green technology through Natural Resources Canada and Sustainable Development Technology Canada as a “positive note” arising from the audits.
Instead of trying to meet the 2020 target however, the report said that Environment and Climate Change Canada, led by Minister Catherine McKenna, has shifted its focus to meeting a new target chosen by the Harper government and confirmed by the Trudeau government through the Paris Agreement: reducing Canada's emissions 30 per cent below 2005 levels by 2030.
Gelfand attributes failure to meet the 2020 target to the government's choice not to "pursue a number of greenhouse gas regulations." As it stands, Canada's emissions in 2020 are projected to be 111 megatons above that national target. Environment Canada has yet to “clearly indicate” how it will measure, monitor and report on provincial and territorial contributions to meeting the 2030 target, it added.
A graphic published in the 2017 Fall Reports of the Commissioner of the Environment and Sustainable Development shows Canada's greenhouse gas emissions trajectory between 1990 and 2030.
Government ill-prepared for climate risks
Auditors also found that the department had failed to prepare the federal government to adapt to the impacts of climate change. Environment Canada had not provided other partners and agencies with the tools, resources or “leadership” they require assessing or adapt to climate change risks.
“Although it developed the Federal Adaptation Policy Framework, the department did not set priorities or develop an adaptation plan to advance the framework across the federal government,” said the report. "As a result, the federal government could not demonstrate that it was making progress in adapting to a changing climate. Stronger federal leadership is needed."
Fourteen of the 19 departments that were audited had not taken appropriate measures to adapt to climate change impacts by assessing or managing its risks to their programs, policies, assets and operations, the report found. It also noted a "disconcerting lack of real results" when it comes to Ottawa's efforts to meet a 2009 international commitment to phase out inefficient fossil fuel subsidies.
"We found that the Department of Finance Canada and Environment and Climate Change Canada — the two departments tasked with delivering on this commitment — had yet to determine which subsidies would require phasing out, according to the commitment. It is unclear how Canada will meet this international commitment by 2025 without a clear roadmap to get there," it said.
Commissioner of the Environment and Sustainable Development Julie Gelfand made sharp comments about Environment Canada's climate action leadership on Tues. Oct. 3, 2017 after publishing the results of an audit of 19 federal departments, conducted between November 2016 and spring of 2017. Photo by Alex Tétreault
Some improvement made
Opposition parties were quick to criticize Environment Canada in the wake of auditors' findings. Green Party leader Elizabeth May said Gelfand's report confirmed that as it stands, "we're on a path to destruction." Federal NDP environment critic Linda Duncan added that the reports are evidence that "this government is all talk and no action when it comes to action on climate change."
Environment Canada has, however, implemented some recommendations from its last audit in 2014, said members of the Auditor's General's staff, noting two key areas of improvement: development of GHG emissions projections that account for high and low GDP and oil and gas price scenarios, and better demonstration of “national leadership” overall.
“We're finding that there's co-ordination, there's progress in working with provinces and territories,” said an auditor on Tuesday morning. “They're co-ordinating better with federal departments, which is something that we saw since the pan-Canadian framework was launched.”
As a result of the latest sweep, conducted between November last year and spring of 2017, auditors recommended that Environment Canada “publicly articulate” how it plans meet 2020 and 2030 GHG reduction targets and continue work on transparency when it comes to estimated emissions.
The federal department agreed with those recommendations, and emphasized its continued commitment to meet both the 2020 and the 2030 targets. The Pan-Canadian Framework on Clean Growth and Climate Change is “comprehensive and credible plan,” it said in its response to the audit, that will facilitate the country's transition to a low-carbon economy.
In an emailed statement to National Observer, McKenna said her department is ready for hard work in the months to come, and pointed out that much of the work evaluated in the audit date back to the "Harper era on climate change and sustainable development."
"Our government wholeheartedly agrees that more must be done, and has been clear from the outset that we're taking a different path from that of the Harper government, which set targets with no plan in place to meet them, and did nothing to address climate change," she said.
"Just as the Commissioner recommends, we're working every day to turn our commitments into actions. That's why we're taking smart, collaborative and pragmatic action with our partners from provinces, territories, and Indigenous communities. We look forward to seeing the results of the significant actions that we have taken since 2015 reflected in future audits.”
Editor's Note: This story was updated on Tues. Oct. 3, 2017 at 12:43 p.m. Eastern Time to include comments from the Green Party, NDP, and Environment Minister.
This is pretty consistent throughout the movement in general.
Thus far I've visited eight Occupations in the U.S. and Canada, four on the West coast and four on the East: Toronto, New York City, Baltimore, DC, Los Angeles, San Francisco, the University of California at Berkeley and Oakland.
The only GA that had anywhere near gender parity was the largest one there's been yet -- the GA on the day of the general strike at U.C. Berkeley. The largest GAs will only turn out 500 people max; Zuccotti Park is a tiny granite slab in lower Manhattan and can't fit many more than that. But the Mario Savio Steps at Sproul Hall at Berkeley held more than 4,000 students and activists -- and half of them appeared to be female. (Go Bears!)
This is not an expose of the Occupy movement's outlook toward women or to suggest attitudes within it are radically different from those found elsewhere. I was also screamed at and called "bitch" at Occupy LA, but frankly I'm called worse in my fan mail on a daily basis. Yet as this movement has been in the media at a near constant rate for now two months, the story telling about it has not evolved. There's either the agenda "journalism" whose practitioners show up to paint the protesters as violent or stupid or its equally useless counterpart, a virtual livestream of reporting on every detail, no matter how trivial. Everything else is crime reporting: How many arrests? Who's pepper sprayed? Who's died? No wonder we still hear the question: "What do they want?"
This movement is complex -- how the members define themselves, how important the tents are (or are not) and what they're doing is still being worked out in marathon meetings and through endless committee votes. This process of identity-formation is made only more complicated by police raids, and by the tear gas and pepper spray that gave greeted protest in some cities. Occupiers all viscerally sense the problem: extreme economic inequality. They all cite a lack of fairness -- a lack of opportunity. They also agree that the status quo is failing.
But when it comes to women, Occupy is really a microcosm of the greater culture at large. This should give comfort to those who find Occupy's dynamics puzzling -- and greatly embarrass those in the movement who see themselves as revolutionaries. America's gender conflict fault-lines are making a familiar reappearance inside Occupy, with results both predictable and novel.
I'm not the only one to notice the Occupy gender gap. This issue is talked about at GAs, I'm told, a lot. Nearly every night at Occupy LA, the question comes up: "What can we do to get more women out here?"
Of course there are women out there -- and they are in the line of fire. Brandy Sippel, three-months pregnant, was clipped by a car during a protest with Occupy D.C. The driver sent three others to the hospital that night and was released by police. At a press conference the next day, the Metropolitan Police Department implied she and the other victims were "drunk diving" on cars. Another pregnant woman was pepper sprayed by police at Occupy Seattle. The police said pepper spray wasn't harmful or they wouldn't be using it. Susie Cagle, a journalist covering Occupy Oakland, says that when she was arrested during a raid by police, there were a higher percentage of women arrested on the roster than who were normally at the camp.
“The first song my dad wrote was Light My Fire,” said Waylon Krieger, son of guitarist Robby Krieger of The Doors. “That's like winning the lottery a million times over on your first try.”
Waylon wasn't even alive during The Doors' heyday, born just a bit over two years after Jim Morrison's death at the age of 27 in 1971. “He almost looked like a veteran coming out of Vietnam,” Waylon mused. “Just put a green jacket on him. It was scary.”
Regardless, Waylon's life seems to have been almost entirely in the shadow of the band's storied legacy, a fact that has come full circle over the past couple years by touring with his father, performing vocals on the current Robby Krieger Band and Jam Kitchen tour dates.
I met Waylon at the Robby Krieger band's Tarrytown gig in April 2015, when he relinquished the microphone to my father, Joe McCausland, to fulfill his lifelong dream of singing the classic “Roadhouse Blues” live with a member of The Doors. When I asked him about it afterwards, Waylon would only tell me, “I've discovered that when I make other people feel better, it makes me feel better about myself.”
Waylon drew a breath. “I consider myself an artist and I definitely haven't been an angel my entire life. I've tried lots of different things, and have done stuff I'm not proud of.”
Waylon's life as a child was pretty straightforward, staying in the public educational system. Waylon claims his hands were “too small” to play guitar, also noting that his father wasn't much of a teacher in that regard. “My dad never pushed music on me,” Waylon assured me.
Waylon first showed some interest in a drastically different career trajectory from his father in grade school: “I was interested in acting as a kid and took a two or three week class, but I couldn't understand what it meant. I ended up hating it because I was a really shy kid growing up. There were all these outgoing kids doing other stuff and it made me feel stupid, like I didn't belong.”
That is until he was around eleven years old or so, when his classmates suddenly began to treat him much differently, with Waylon being automatically lumped into the “popular” category.
Waylon really began noticing that his father's career was much different from most others when he was a bit younger, but it didn't really click until then, the fact being sealed by a conversation Waylon still remembers to this day. “Don't you get it, man?” Robby asked of his son when the latter asked why his classmates began to treat him differently. “You got The Beatles, The Stones, Hendrix… and The Doors!”
“What's it like having a legend for a dad?” one classmate would later ask of him.
From there, school seemed to be a breeze. A couple of events really seemed to lay the groundwork for the two passions that would continue into Waylon's adulthood: seeing Back to the Future, with its famous Chuck Berry scene, inspired Waylon to really pick up the guitar for the first time (emulating the greats such as Stevie Ray Vaughn, Eric Johnson, & Hendrix), and a bizarre experience with Val Kilmer arguably reignited the young adult's interest in acting circa 1990.
It was during the production of Oliver Stone's The Doors that Waylon came the closest to ever meeting Jim Morrison in the flesh. “[Val] was dressed up in leather pants and his hair was grown out. I don't know if he was stoned or not for real,” Waylon reminisced. “I've never met Jim, I only know what I've seen from documentaries, but he's just standing on the balcony of my dad's house and the three of us are just staring at the view just chatting about life, and I'm just like, ‘it's just so fucking strange!'”
Waylon was hit by the full brunt of method acting. “My dad called me one time and told me to come down to the Fillmore West. I watched them shoot for a few hours, and it was a wrap. Afterwards when I was talking to the producer, Val changed into his street clothes, and he was like, ‘Oh hey man, Waylon, what's up bro?' Completely different guy! He just snapped out of it right there. He just turned [Jim's persona] off like a lightswitch. I'll never forget that. It was one of the strangest things I've ever witnessed in my life. Out of nowhere, he's this dude who I have no idea what he's like.”
Waylon dabbled in extras acting around that time period, his portfolio including the classic Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers lineup and the drama Fame L.A.; however, his priority at the time was playing guitar, both with his father and his own rock and roll band, Bloodline.
Featuring Waylon on guitar, Erin Davis (son of Miles Davis) on drums, Berry Oakley, Jr. (son of the same Berry Oakley of The Allman Brothers), and a very young “Smokin” Joe Bonamassa on lead guitar, the appropriately named Bloodline scored a hit single with “Stone Cold Hearted”, though the band split soon after the release of their debut album and a tour with Lynyrd Skynyrd. In reality, it may have been the grunge revolution that seared some doubt into Waylon's heart, whose band had been decidedly classic rock oriented.
“That was when Nirvana, Soundgarden, and Alice in Chains were coming out. I knew something was changing.” Like many other Generation X'ers, Waylon didn't connect with the excessive 80's pop culture and looked to reshaping his generation's pop culture interests. “I was in my late teens/early twenties. I got fed up with the hairband shit. I love Guns N' Roses, but I knew something was changing in music. I played with my dad's band in Montreal, and I remember we had a night off and me and a buddy went out to a nightclub with these girls we met. ‘Smells Like Teen Spirit' came on and everyone started jumping around and freaking out. I was so amazed by that. ‘Are they really playing Nirvana at a club?' I wanted to be a part of that as much as I could.”
After Bloodline's abrupt end, Berry and Waylon formed a new band called the Oakley-Krieger Band, playing a gig every Wednesday night for a month or two. OKB was eventually offered a record deal; however, Waylon's heart wasn't entirely into the new project, which wasn't nearly as grungy as he desired. After recording eight or nine songs, the band decided to call it a day, and they drifted apart, not speaking for years.
Waylon drifted from one workplace to another after the demise of OKB, dabbling in a bit of everything: refrigeration, air conditioning, wiring, and even aquarium work. Despite Waylon's father's wealth, the former Doors guitarist is very frugal and is mostly “hands off” with his son's career path; Waylon is by no means a trust fund baby. “I work my ass off,” Waylon joked, though it's a trait of his father's that he's actually appreciative of. “He's been putting up with my ass for the last few decades.”
Robby eventually did offer his son a chance to tour with him and Doors keyboard player Ray Manzarek. However, that offer slipped out of Waylon's grasp, and the late, great Ray (as John Densmorecalled him last year) “broke on through to the other side” in 2013. “I was supposed to audition for the part of singer when Ray was still alive,” Waylon told me with a hint of regret. “For whatever reason, on the day of the rehearsal, I couldn't make it. That was the last straw for my dad. ”
“If you're gonna be a flake, so be it,” said Robby to his son. That was when Ray and Robby hired Dave Brock from the renowned Doors tribute, Wild Child.
Thankfully, at just the right junction point in his life, Waylon received a surprise call from a friend, Nick, that would send his life in a completely different direction. “My buddy Nick called and asked me to be in a movie he wrote based on a 30 minute short he had written called American Addict.” Waylon was initially apprehensive of the project due to his previous experiences in acting classes as a child. “Dude,” Waylon said. “I've never acted before in my life.”
“Just be yourself,” Nick replied.
One thing led to another, the project morphed, and after shaky rehearsal sessions and changes to the creative team, Waylon eventually found himself on the set of what would be called Chowdaheads with director Douglas Quill and Orson Chaplin, grandson of Charlie.
“I figured I could help fund the rest of the production… let's try something different.” Though rattled by the stressful pre-production and his still uncertain acting skills, it was too late for Waylon to turn around; he had already put enough time and money into the project when they started shooting in early 2013.
“He's a real working actor,” Waylon said of his co-star, Chaplin. “I was nervous. He was a pro.” Still, Waylon found his groove. “The first time we [rehearsed], it felt really weird. The second time was way better. By the third or fourth time, it felt so natural. Orson loved [my intensity].”
Sadly, the project was ultimately halted. “What we got out of it was a lot of A and B roll footage. We were only able to make a really cool trailer. That's all I've gotten back so far.” Despite this obstacle, the whole ordeal was a learning experience for Krieger, whose ambitions in life were reoriented.
However, despite his connections within the movie industry, Waylon feels inclined to find success based on his own merit. “I'm buddies with actors like Patrick Warburton. We hang out at parties, and I don't want to be asking, ‘Hey, can you fit me into a film?'” This approach to the acting extends to his father, who tried to help his son line up at least one acting gig while the former was slated to score the soundtrack for an undisclosed feature film.
“At least with the acting, I can say, ‘Hey, I did that, and my dad didn't do much of that.' Another reason why the acting thing would be cool if it ends up really going somewhere. I got a couple of good calls lined up!”
“Nothing is just gonna fall into your lap,” Waylon assured me, “and you gotta be proactive.” Krieger put aside any and all distractions and focused on becoming more goal-oriented to see how far he'd make it. “I feel like nowadays I'm doing positive things.” Besides just recently trying to bury the hatchet with Berry from Bloodline (now a father himself with four kids), Waylon reconnected with his own father, who was happy to invite him on tour to provide vocals for the current incarnation of the Robby Krieger band featuring Phil Chen on bass.
“Even though I've been hearing this music my whole life, I had three weeks to get ready before we headed out on tour,” Waylon told me with some anguish. He had around 25 songs he had to memorize in short notice. The pressure was high: the son not only lives under the umbrella of his father's legacy; he now feels pressured to hoist it for the both of them.
“I'm a much better guitar player than I am a singer, though I'd much rather just get up and sing. Let my dad do his thing so we don't get compared to each other.” Still, Waylon enjoys picking up his guitar alongside his father during downtime and jamming together.
“I can't imagine how I'm being judged for the whole singing with my dad thing,” Waylon said with a sigh when he was telling me about a negative review of a recent Long Island concert. “I don't even think about it anymore.” Waylon took a breath, sounding much more confident speaking the following words. “I'm just out there doing what I do, the way I know how to do it. I'm not trying to be anybody else. I'm not channeling Jim.”
Despite the pressure and the occasional critic, Waylon finds himself in a great place, reconnecting with his father and some old family friends. “I'm having a good time. As long as I have a good time, everyone else is, too. Phil Chen… I've known him since I was a year old. It makes you feel good to hear praise from guys like him. They know when somebody's on or not. My dad must enjoy what I'm doing, because he invited me out to his Jam Kitchen dates as well. If I'm able to do this for the next couple of years with my dad… we're getting to hang out and travel together, laugh together. I feel very blessed and happy with where I am in life right now.”
Still, Waylon sees the Robby Krieger tour as an opportunity to raise awareness of his public figure and acting aspirations. “I'm not getting any younger… I could use this as a stepping stone.” He can even envision himself combining his acting and musical interests in a movie that features him as a guitar player. Still, Waylon will be playing it by ear; in the meantime, the bond between father and son trumps all anxieties.
Waylon told me of a time Robby gifted him with a copy of his black Les Paul, numbered 001 in a limited print of 150 and the bittersweet debate that followed when his father requested him to return it three days later. “I'll give you another one… 003 or 007… you'll be like James Bond.”
Waylon was befuddled by the request. “What the hell, why do you care, you have the original anyway!”
Robby's logic was a bit melancholic: “You'll own every one of my guitars one day when I'm dead, so why do YOU care?”
“Hey, don't get all morbid,” Waylon replied. “What about this: you let me keep it, and you can enjoy watching me play it while you're alive.”
Thankfully, Robby will enjoy watching his son advance his acting career; the last I heard from him, Waylon was overcome with joy over landing his first big acting gig as “Engineer Ed” in the upcoming Ruta Madre. “Whatever happens, happens. I just want to end up in a positive area. I just want my dad to see me do well.”
The one thing Waylon is 100% sure of is that his father will never stop playing golf.
Viral video
Newsrooms across India are faced with ‘reports' from almost anyone who has a phone to record an event.
A disturbing video is doing the rounds on social media. It shows a poor child sitting on the ground repeatedly saying he was kicked and pushed as he begged for food. Begging for two rotis and got kicked by didi (elder sister) is what is audible. The didi is not named. There is some conversation about begging for the country. The conversation is in Hindi and interrupted several times.
The child in question was kicked by Madhya Pradesh Animal Husbandry Minister Kusum Mehdele, and the interview happened after the incident.
A few hours after the video was posted and gained ground, Rahul Kanwal, Managing Editor of India Today and Aaj Tak tweeted that the person recording the child was neither a reporter nor a stringer with the organisation. He was the son of their stringer Ravindra Vyas whose contract has been terminated with immediate effect. “Whenever an act of misdemeanour is reported or noticed, swift and decisive action is taken,” he wrote.
The clip is disturbing. It shows the person holding an Aaj Tak mike ID coaching the child to parrot lines. The child looks askance but is promptly encouraged by people not seen in the video to do as told. Another person, also not seen in the video asks the crowd to be silent as the child prepares, then repeats what he has been told to say. The voice is different. Now the child folds his hands in prayer-like manner and asks didi to kick him some more (aur maro). At the end of this brief ‘interview' the interloper taps the boy on his shoulder saying ‘first class' and signals the crew to wrap up.
We share this story and Kanwal's statement about it with concern for a salient reason. Newsrooms across India are faced with ‘reports' from almost anyone who has a phone to record an event. In this case someone was recording the ‘interview' but was possibly unaware that the stringer had exceeded his brief in addition to falsifying the work. Between the pressure on journalists to beat competition and remain accurate, comes the work of rent-a-reporters who misuse access and responsibility like this incident shows. The ID mike racket seems to have replaced its predecessor - the forged press passes.
Official statement by @aajtak on clip being circulated on social media. pic.twitter.com/5k2rk8EyWQ — Rahul Kanwal (@rahulkanwal) November 4, 2015
Earlier this week we had written about how the social media is now the new watchdog with a twist – it is a poisoned chalice. Anybody with a mobile phone can post a video on the social media and disappear after causing considerable damage to the hard work of good reporters. The only way forward for journalists is to remain relentlessly vigilant and lead by example.
Read our piece on the subject here.
Lake Bell. Photo: Frazer Harrison/Getty Images
She's Blaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaack. Well, not right away. Because when the season-four premiere of the soapy fantasia Childrens Hospital debuts on Adult Swim tonight at midnight, Lake Bell's Dr. Cat Black is nowhere to be found. But never fear. Her absence from tonight's episode, “The Boy With the Pancake Tattoo,” isn't a repeat of season two's nearly season-long nightmare, where Bell's scheduling conflicts with How to Make It in America kept her out of Dr. Arthur Childrens' Brazilian-based linoleum halls: rather, Lake Bell can actually be found behind the camera this time, directing Corddry, Marino, Mullally, et al. She directed the second episode, too. Vulture spoke to Bell about her new thing (directing), her old thing (her dashed voice-over dreams), and her favorite things (fast cars and her tattoo-artist fiancé).
You are too busy directing tonight's episode to give us a Dr. Cat Black cameo.
I know. It's annoying. It was my first time directing TV. So I think in an effort to be as present as possible, I concentrated on directing. We shoot in such a short amount of time, and both episodes I had were athletic. In the second one, we have a full-on fight sequence with Henry Winkler.
Wait, you just said, there's “a full-on fight sequence” and then, sotto voce, “with Henry Winkler.”
We choreographed a very serious, fuckin' full-on fight sequence with Henry Winkler and this stunt gal who looks like she's 13 years old. It's pretty amazing.
So he still has his shark-jumping legs?
Oh, this guy has been working out since he jumped that shark.
So when you're directing these guys, do you tell them when to awkwardly lean in for a kiss, or is that pretty clear in the script?
What's great about this cast is they know when to awkwardly lean in for a kiss.
What were some of your directions?
Sometimes “less poop” sometimes “more poop.” Sometimes “less farting.” Just kidding. It's easy. I'm working with the funniest people I know. So just setting up shots and making sure that people feel good, and moving quickly and efficiently. And once you're in the scene, there's an allowance, after you get a few good takes, for a mini-improvisation. You let it happen and if it's too silly then you're like, “Okay, we don't have time for that shit, so let's get going.”
A lot of these guys have been working with each other for a long time now. When did they invite you to their lunch table?
Corddry and I did What Happens in Vegas … together, probably seven years ago now. But you are right in perceiving comedy folk as having these pockets of cliques.
How did you get your in?
I came from fuckin' drama school conservatory training in London. I was doing dramas and shit like that. I did some comedy, but that's not what I was trained to do. I enjoyed it almost like a hobby. And I did mostly dramas when I first came out to Hollywood. But I did Miss Match with Alicia Silverstone, which is a Darren Star show, which is the first comedy that I got cast in. And I just enjoyed going to work every day and exercising the muscle of silliness. It just felt right to me. But yes, I do think [the comedy world] is very cliquey, and initially I found it quite intimidating. But when Corddry asked me to be part of Childrens Hospital I thought it would be a safe, nonjudgmental forum to work out that comedy muscle.
You grew up in New York, but now you live in L.A. and review cars for Hollywood Reporter.
But now I'm moving back to New York.
Your fiancé [tattoo artist Scott Campbell] is super Brooklyn.
Yeah, that's why I'm moving back to the city. He's actually from Louisiana, but he's now an honorary New York native. He lives in Brooklyn. And that's where I'm moving back.
I read on the Internet that he is “credited with the ascension of the tattoo from a symbol of rebellion to one of status.” I love that.
Wow. But yeah, I think he contributed to that movement.
He shares a “bros before hoes” tattoo with Marc Jacobs.
Scott is hilarious and incredibly smart. He's the coolest person I know.
Do you help him come up with funny tattoo ideas?
I mean, you know, don't we all? His attitude towards tattoos is a lot less precious. Even though it is forever, he has so many of them that a funny tattoo is something he's more interested in at the point, than being overly cool.
He has tattoos of names of his ex-girlfriends crossed out.
Yeah, totally. And he has a ginormous tattoo of “Lake.” So mine's huge.
So can we talk about your sports car reviews?
My father is in the driving business. He owns race car tracks. He has three daughters and a son and it was imperative that all his children could drive any car that he could throw in front of us.
So did you grow up driving in New York?
My parents were divorced. So my mom was in Florida and my dad was in New York. So I got my license when I was 16 in Florida. And dad taught had a little farmhouse in New Jersey and that's where I learned how to drive.
So what did you learn how to drive stick on?
A Shelby Cobra King of the Road 500.
You've gone on record with your obsession with this voice-over world. Dr. Cat Black did the original voice-over for Childrens Hospital. So what is “the voice-over world”?
You know how every single commercial or anything you've ever heard, or trailers for movies … these omniscient voices that exist in our ears as we go through life telling us what to think or how to feel about things or what to watch or buy? And I always wanted to be a voice-over actor when I was starting out because I thought I was going to be one of the greats. But I realized that it's a clique.
But why did you want to go into voice-over work, really? It sounds like a slumming-it fantasy.
I knew I wasn't going to hop off the plane in California and then all of a sudden be starring in a movie for Warner Bros. And I had this incredible demo reel of voice-over work that I'd done at drama school, because radio plays are still alive and well over in England. It was one of the courses that I had sort of mastered over there. And I thought I was going to come to L.A. and instead of having to become a waitress, I was going to be a voice-over artist because I had heard rumors that you could make a ton of money that way. That was my sweet naive dream. But then I realized that that's even harder than becoming a movie star.
In the last couple of months, I've been seeing the ú symbol on British receipts. Why?
1963 - ASCII
In the beginning* was ASCII. A standard way for computers to exchange text. ASCII was originally designed with 7 bits - that means 128 possible symbols. That ought to be enough for everyone, right?
Wrong! ASCII is the American Code for Information Interchange. It contains a $ symbol, but nothing for other currencies. That's a problem because we don't all speak American.
*ASCII has its origins in the telegraph codes of the early 20th Century. They derive from Baudot codes from the 19th Century.
1981 - Extended ASCII
So ASCII gradually morphed into an 8 bit language - and that's where the problems began. Symbols 0-127 had already been standardised and accepted. What about symbols 128 - 255?
Because of the vast range of symbols needed for worldwide communication - and only 256 symbols available in an 8 bit language - computers began to rely on "code pages". The idea is simple, the start of a file contains a code to say what language the document is written in. The computer uses that to determine which set of symbols to use.
In 1981, IBM released their first Personal Computer. It used code page 437 for English.
Each human script / alphabet needed its own code page. For example Greek uses 737 and Cyrillic uses 855. This means that the same code can be rendered multiple different ways depending on which encoding is used.
Here's how symbols 162, 163, and 164 are rendered in various code pages.
162 163 164 Code Page 437 (Latin US) ó ú ñ Code Page 737 (Greek) λ μ ν Code Page 855 (Cyrillic) б Б ц Code Page 667 (Polish) ó Ó ñ Code Page 720 (Arabic) ت ث ج Code Page 863 (French) ó ú ¨
As you can see, characters are displayed depending on which encoding you use. If the computer gets the encoding wrong, your text will become incomprehensible mix of various languages.
This made everyone who worked with computers very angry.
1983 - DEC
This is silly! You can't have the same code representing different symbols. That's too confusing. So, in 1983, DEC introduced yet another encoding standard - the Multinational Character Set.
On the DEC VT100, the British Keyboard Selection has the £ symbol in position 35 of extended ASCII (35 + 128 = 163). This becomes important later.
Of course, if you sent text from a DEC to an IBM, it would still get garbled unless you knew exactly what encoding was being used.
People got even angrier.
1987
Eventually, ISO published 8859-1 - commonly known as Latin-1.
It takes most of the previous standards and juggles them around a bit, to put them in a somewhat logical order. Here's a snippet of how it compares to code page 437.
162 163 164 Code Page 437 (Latin US) ó ú ñ ISO-8859-1 (Latin-1) ¢ £ ¤
8859-1 defines the first 256 symbols and declares that there shall be no deviation from that. Microsoft then immediately deviates with their Windows 1252 encoding.
Everyone hates Microsoft.
1991 - Unicode!
In the early 1990s, Unicode was born out of the earlier Universal Coded Character Set. It attempts to create a standard way to encode all human text. In order to maintain backwards compatibility with existing documents, the first 256 characters of Unicode are identical to ISO 8859-1 (Latin 1).
A new era of peace and prosperity was ushered in. Everyone now uses Unicode. Nation shall speak peace unto Nation!
2017 - Why hasn't this been sorted out yet?
Here's what's happening. I think.
The restaurateur uses their till and types up the price list.
The till uses Unicode and the £ symbol is stored as number 163 .
symbol is stored as number . The till connects to a printer.
The till sends text to the printer as a series of 8 bit codes.
The printer doesn't know which code page to use, so makes the best guess.
The printer's manufacturer decided to fall back to the lowest common denominator - code page 437.
163 is translated to ú .
is translated to . The customer gets confused and writes a blog post.
Over 30 years later and a modern receipt printer is still using IBM's code page 437! It just refuses to die!
Even today, on modern Windows machines, typing alt+163 will default to 437 and print ú .
As I tap my modern Android phone on the contactless credit card reader, and as bits fly through the air like færies doing my bidding, the whole of our modern world is still underpinned by an ancient and decrepit standard which occasionally pokes its head out of the woodwork just to let us know it is still lurking.
It's turtles all the way down!
ASK Italian last week pic.twitter.com/rdFlxeHWth — PJ Evans (@MrPJEvans) May 29, 2017
I went to see a film today. I thought @edent might appreciate what I saw when buying my ticket. pic.twitter.com/JyQmOVz5Jf — Skylar MacDonald (@helloiamskylar) June 4, 2017
Or is it?
Of course, when we look at the full receipt, we notice something weird.
The £ is printed just fine on some parts of the receipt!
⨈Һ?ʈ ╤ћᘓ ?ᵁʗꗪ❓
Skatole or 3-methylindole is a mildly toxic white crystalline organic compound belonging to the indole family. It occurs naturally in feces (it is produced from tryptophan in the mammalian digestive tract) and coal tar and has a strong fecal odor. In low concentrations, it has a flowery smell and is found in several flowers and essential oils, including those of orange blossoms, jasmine, and Ziziphus mauritiana. It is used as a fragrance and fixative in many perfumes and as an aroma compound. Its name is derived from the Greek root skato- meaning "feces". Skatole was discovered in 1877 by the German physician Ludwig Brieger (1849–1919).[1] Skatole is also used by U.S. military in its non-lethal weaponry; specifically, malodorants.[2]
Chemical properties [ edit ]
Skatole can be found as a white crystalline or fine powder solid, and it browns upon aging. It is nitrogenous, and one of the rings is a pyrrole. It is soluble in alcohol and benzene, and it gives a violet color in potassium ferrocyanide (K 4 Fe(CN) 6 ·3H 2 O) and sulfuric acid (H 2 SO 4 ). Skatole has a double ring system that displays aromaticity. It is continuous (all atoms in the ring are sp2 hybridized), planar, and follows the 4n+2 rule because it has 10 π electrons (n=2).
Synthesis [ edit ]
Skatole can be synthesized via the Fischer indole synthesis.[3]
Insect attractant [ edit ]
Skatole is one of many compounds that are attractive to males of various species of orchid bees, which apparently gather the chemical to synthesize pheromones; it is commonly used as bait to attract and collect these bees for study.[4]
Skatole has been shown to be an attractant to gravid mosquitoes in both field and laboratory conditions. Because this compound is present in feces, it is found in combined sewage overflows (CSO) as streams and lakes containing CSO water have untreated human and industrial waste. Knowledge of this attractant makes CSO sites of particular interest when studying mosquito-borne diseases such as West Nile virus.[5]
Safety [ edit ]
Skatole has been shown to cause pulmonary edema in goats, sheep, rats, and some strains of mice. It appears to selectively target club cells, which are the major site of cytochrome P450 enzymes in the lungs. These enzymes convert skatole to a reactive intermediate, 3-methyleneindolenine, which damages cells by forming protein adducts (see fog fever).[6]
Application [ edit ]
Skatole is used as the starting material in the synthesis of atiprosin.
See also [ edit ]
The featured background on Windows XP (left) and the actual "Windows Hill" (right) in the North Bay.
Despite a rumor swirling across social media, the iconic "Windows Hill" — the picturesque landscape prominently featured on the old Windows XP operating system — did not burn in the North Bay fires.
An image of what appears to be the famous "Bliss" desktop background engulfed in flames was posted on Imgur sometime Tuesday. It also made the rounds on Reddit and Twitter, gaining more that 7,300 retweets and roughly 12,400 likes as of Wednesday afternoon, about 24 hours after it was posted.
Turns out the image of the torched hillside does not portray the unforgettable desktop background, which was known for its luscious green landscape and cloud-blotted sky.
The image is actually a photo posted on Twitter on Oct. 9 of flames ripping through vegetation behind the Gundlach Bundschu Winery, which sits just a short drive away from where the "Windows Hill" photo was taken years ago.
The location where the "Windows Hill" image was snapped — an area along Highway 12 near Ramal Road in Sonoma — was spared by the flames of the Nuns Fire, according to Cal Fire spokesperson Amy Head.
Cal Fire maps indicate that the flames crept close to the hillside but never actually consumed it.
Trevor Johnson took to Twitter after he saw the rumor and immediately exposed it.
"I know for a fact that the Windows Bliss hill and the winery on the property are 100 percent undamaged from the fires," Johnson told NBC Bay Area. "I literally drive by there twice a day."
Hello!
Welcome to this week's Keep or Mulligan! This time I'm joined by Australian Gold pro Paul Jackson—thanks Paul!
Hand #1
You're playing Paul Rietzl's Merfolk deck from the latest Modern GP:
It's game 1 against an unknown opponent, and you're on the draw . Your opening hand is:
Keep or Mulligan?
My Solution Keeps. I don't think this hand is excellent, but it has a lot of what you want in an opening hand—Mutavault, Aether Vial, mana, creatures. You need more creatures for it to be good (since you can't even copy the one you already have), but there are a lot of draws that would make this hand very good, and I think it's better to hope you draw one good, copy-able creature than trying your luck on 6 cards. If one of your lands wasn't a Mutavault, I probably wouldn't keep, since that's too many mana sources, but with one of them also being a Merfolk I think it's fine. [collapse]
Paul's Solution Mulligan. This hand simply doesn't do very much. It's land-heavy, your only 2-drop is a Phantasmal Image which you don't know will be able to copy anything useful (you don't know what your opponent is playing, you aren't going to copy your Kira, and there aren't many cards you can draw early enough that you can cast them and also want to use your Phantasmal Image to copy them). In other words, all of these cards are dependent on other cards to be good and we don't have any of those other cards yet. [collapse]
Hand #2
You're playing a weird Grixis Delver variant in Modern against Junk. It's game 3 and you're on the play. Your hand is:
Keep or Mulligan?
My Solution Mulligan. This hand is too risky. It has the potential to be awesome if you draw land into spell, but it also runs the risk of not doing anything. If you don't draw a land immediately, then you're in an awkward spot where you don't know if you should cast a second Delver or keep Spell Snare mana up, for example, and you really want to play those cards as soon as possible. I do like keeping “bad” hands against BG decks, because they'll Thoughtseize your good spells anyway, which means it's better to have two bad cards than one good card. I wouldn't be shocked to learn that keeping this hand is correct, but if it happened to me right now I'd mulligan. [collapse]
Paul's Solution Mulligan. The most important thing to note here is that this hand is conflicted, because on your first draw step you both want to draw your second land and to flip your Delver of Secrets, and it's impossible for both of those things to happen, so no matter what something is going to go wrong with this hand. Also, the new mulligan rule is especially helpful when playing a Delver deck since you'll be a little more likely to flip a turn-1 Delver on the play, which makes mulliganing here even more attractive. [collapse]
Hand #3
You're playing a new Scapeshift build with Bring to Light in Modern. It's game 1, and you're on the play against an unknown opponent. You mulligan your opening hand, and your 6-card hand is:
Keep or Mulligan to 5?
My Solution Keeps. Scapeshift mulligans incredibly poorly—you need one specific thing (Scapeshift) and then 7 lands, so quantity is often more important than quality—and I would keep many mediocre Scapeshift hands to not have to mulligan to 5. This hand is slow, but, assuming you can Bring to Light for any 2-land spell (like Cultivate), you only need a land and an accelerator to have a turn-5 kill, which is quite good and likely much better than any mulligan to 5 can give you. You also have two Scapeshifts, and potentially three, so you're protected from discard and counterspells. [collapse]
Paul's Solution Mulligan. You have no early interaction and essentially three late-game cards, which doesn't really make for a promising game plan. I think that it's worth noting that this is quite close under the new mulligan rule since you can at least scry for that early interaction, and under the old rule without that benefit I would have more easily decided to mulligan to look for it. [collapse]
Hand #4
You're playing Battle for Zendikar Sealed deck, and your deck is a BGR ramp-ish build.Your mana base is:
You're on the play and your opening hand is:
Keep or Mulligan?
My Solution Keeps. I don't love this hand, but I think it has enough to be better than a random 6, especially in a format that is theoretically slow such as Battle for Zendikar Sealed. This hand lacks a Forest, but you have 10 sources, and 3 of them can get you your second Forest for Greenwarden. Even if you don't draw Forest, you can still cast the Nettle Drone and then the Abomination. Abomination is not ideal here (you don't have a lot of bad dudes to sacrifice), but it will still give you at least two cards before it's gone (since you draw if you sacrifice it), and hopefully Greenwarden can make up for that once you get there. [collapse]
Paul's Solution Mulligan. The first and foremost problem is that you don't have any green mana in your hand, which is already an especially bad sign when green was a big enough part of your deck that you decided to play 10 green lands. The dealbreaker here is that Smothering Abomination is not even set up to be good in this hand, since you need to have curved out with creatures or made some Eldrazi Scions for that card to be really worth it, and this hand looks pretty far from achieving that. [collapse]
Hand #5
You're playing Battle for Zendikar Sealed and you're on the draw with a relatively slow, top-heavy UG deck. Your opening hand is:
Keep or Mulligan?
My Solution Mulligan. Battle for Zendikar is slow, but not that slow, and you're on the draw with a hand that does nothing. You can certainly draw out of this (you can draw, for example, a defensive 3-drop and a good 7-drop and then curve out), but that can also happen if you mulligan to 6. [collapse]
RON Barassi has called for Australia Day to be moved to May to commemorate the day Aborigines were given equal citizenship rights.
He said it was wrong to celebrate the day of the European invasion of Australia when "we took" this land from Aborigines.
Barrassi - a hero who rushed to save mother-of-three Tess Green, who was being bashed in St Kilda on New Year's Eve - said he was willing to take on this new fight even if people disagreed with him.
The 10-time premiership player and coach said Australia Day should be May 27 - the day in 1967 that clauses in the Constitution that discriminated against indigenous people were removed.
In the 1967 Referendum, 90.77 per cent of Australians - the biggest majority in a national referendum - voted to enable Aboriginal people to be counted in the Census and to be subject to Commonwealth laws, rather than just state laws.
Barassi said recognising the May 27 date would be the next step on the path to reconciliation.
He said it would be a natural progression after Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said "sorry" to the indigenous population last year.
"Australia Day is the day put aside to focus attention on just what a great country this is. But I reckon we're celebrating the wrong day," he said.
"I think we should change the date of Australia Day. We were invaders and conquerors in 1788 when the First Fleet arrived and we took this land from the Aborigines.
"January 26 just doesn't sit right with me and I'd prefer it were changed."
Barassi, 72, said Australia's other cultural landmark, Anzac Day, would be an inappropriate swap.
"The national day couldn't be Anzac Day, because we were fighting a stupid war and we lost."
Barassi said the changing the day we celebrated our nationhood would be an important symbol to the indigenous population.
"I think the day we should dedicate as Australia Day is May 27, the day Aborigines were given citizenship rights," he said.
"I think it was the day that the native people of this land were treated as equals in our democratic country.
"It is a genuinely significant day in our history, one which we should celebrate, but which currently is totally overlooked."
Barassi admitted he expected criticism for his stand.
DALLAS — When the Warriors' road trip concludes Monday in Minneapolis, Shaun Livingston will have played as many games for Golden State as he has for any other franchise during his 12-year NBA career.
His 145 games with the Clippers from 2004 through '07 were filled with the promise of a lanky point guard, the likes of which the NBA had not seen. His 145 games with the Warriors will have been the fulfillment of that potential a decade later, having completely remade his career.
In between his two longest tenures, Livingston suffered one of the league's most gruesome injuries ever — a left knee injury so severe that amputation was considered. In between his two longest tenures, Livingston has worn eight other NBA jerseys.
In between his two longest tenures, Livingston learned this:
“Don't let them tell you what you can't do,” he said. “Make them pay you for what you can do. I'm not a three-point shooter, and I'm not viewed as a perimeter player. People always want to pigeonhole you.
“But I like to think about what I can do to help a team win.”
That idea was imbued in him by Kevin Garnett during a one-year stay in Brooklyn. Livingston picked up other life- and career-changing advice from Scott Brooks, Jason Kidd, Flip Saunders and Erik Spoelstra during a seven-year whirlwind that whisked him through Miami, Oklahoma City, Washington, Charlotte, Milwaukee, Washington and Cleveland before Brooklyn.
Once he stopped trying to be the one to change a franchise, he could become the one to complete a franchise.
“Sometimes guys don't want to do it. Some guys aren't capable,” Livingston said. “It's about your mind-set. You have to use your IQ to figure out how you can help a team. I can't put up 20 shots like I used to, but I can stick in this league and make a career out of it. I can figure out whatever it takes to help teams win games.”
A year after the Warriors tried Toney Douglas, Nemanja Nedovic, Kent Bazemore, Jordan Crawford and Steve Blake before settling on swingman Andre Iguodala handling the backup point-guard duties, they signed Livingston.
He stabilized everything. His 3.07-to-1 assist-to-turnover ratio is seventh among players with at least 50 games this season.
If the Warriors go two or three possessions without a basket with him in the game, you can bet Livingston is driving to the baseline for a turnaround jumper or getting to the free-throw elbow for a shot he rarely misses.
Opponents know that, too, but they can't stop it. At 6-foot-7 and with point-guard handles, Livingston can get anywhere he wants on the court and shoot over any defender.
Livingston is shooting an absurd 48 percent on pull-up jumpers, because he doesn't shoot from anywhere but his spots. He's shooting a ridiculous 52 percent when he's defended within 2 to 4 feet, because he knows no one can block his shot.
“You can game plan for it, but if I'm getting to my spots, your game plan doesn't really work,” Livingston said.
Ask Warriors executive board member Jerry West, general manager Bob Myers or head coach Steve Kerr about the backup point guard and within the first sentence, each will include praise of Livingston's IQ.
Livingston is averaging 6.1 points on 53.1 percent shooting this season, and the Warriors outscore opponents by an average of 2.3 points per game when he's on the court. Against the league's best teams — San Antonio, Cleveland and Oklahoma City — Livingston is averaging 10.2 points on 74.3 percent shooting, and the Warriors are outscoring their opponents by 8.3 points per game when he's on the court.
After the Warriors fell behind Memphis 2-1 in last season's Western Conference semifinals, they outscored opponents by 90 points during Livingston's minutes in the postseason's final 14 games.
“I have always believed this: If you win, everybody looks good,” Livingston said. “There are going to be guys who get more attention, and that's OK. Andre (Iguodala) might not get the MVP without all of the attention paid to Steph (Curry). I'm sure we make the game easier for Steph, at times.
“We all serve a purpose.”
Rusty Simmons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: rsimmons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Rusty_SFChron
Friday's game
Who: Warriors (61-6) vs. Mavericks (34-34)
When: 5:30 p.m.
Where: Dallas
TV/Radio: CSNBA/680
What to watch for
The Warriors lost 114-91 on Dec. 30 in Dallas, with Stephen Curry sitting out because of a bruised left shin. This marks the first time the Warriors have returned to a place where they've lost this season.
At 29-6 away from home, the Warriors have the NBA's best road record and have set the franchise mark for road wins. Only 21 teams in NBA history have won as many road games.
Draymond Green's week of top-level power-forward matchups continues. During the past six games , Dallas' Dirk Nowitzki is averaging 25 points on 52.4 percent shooting and seven rebounds.
Dallas has lost six of its past seven games to fall into the Western Conference's eighth spot. The Mavericks have lost by fewer than four points in three of the games.
Dallas forward David Lee averaged 16.7 points and 9.3 rebounds per game in five seasons with the Warriors.
— Rusty Simmons
Another note (actually saw a show on the subject of ejection seats [gotta love Discovery Wings] where this was addressed...) - the explosive cord is only integrated into the canopies of V/STOL aircraft or others that fly extremely slow.
It was introduced on the original BaE Harrier due to worries about ejection while hovering - other (conventional) ejection-seat equipped aircraft use explosive bolts to detatch the canopy and the slipstream yanks it out of the way as the plane moves forward. Low airspeed = weak slipstream and a canopy that hasn't been blown out of the way could be very uncomfortable for the ejecting pilot.
The British seem to have integrated this safety feature into several non-V/STOL aircraft (anyone ever gotten a good look at a Tornado canopy? Is there explosive cord?), but the only American aircraft I've seen this on are the new F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and the AV-8B Harrier - McDonnel Douglass' (now Boeing's) updated version of the British Aerospace Harrier. Reply With Quote
An often irreverent look at this week's other news ...
Next Week: Connections
I'll be attending the Connections conference in Las Vegas next week, where Mary Jo Foley and I will be hosting a panel discussion about the future of Microsoft and will be recording a new episode of the Windows Weekly podcast live. (Mary Jo is also presenting a separate session as well.) See you in Las Vegas!
Yes, the Nokia Sirius Tablet Is Still Happening
Since Microsoft announced that it is buying Nokia's hardware and services offerings, I've argued that it no longer makes sense for Nokia to release its "Sirius" tablet, which—while interesting—will utilize the lackluster Windows RT and come with a heady $499 price tag. But no worries, Nokia fans: I can now confirm that Sirius is still happening, and the firm will indeed announce the device at an October launch event that will include a few new phones, including a long-awaited Lumia phablet, as well. And here's something you've not heard yet: it will ship in separate versions for both AT&T and Verizon LTE.
Microsoft Surface "Mini" Delayed Until 2014
And it might not be "early" 2014, just "sometime in 2014." A number of reports emerged this week that Microsoft's third Surface model, a Surface "mini" I exclusively revealed early this year, would be delayed from its planned late-2013 release to sometime in 2014. I can now confirm this is true, although the release might be further off than many expect (i.e., as late as this time next year). As I revealed earlier, the Surface mini will feature an 8" screen, utilize a Qualcomm processor, and run Windows RT. That's not changed.
Microsoft Annual Company Meeting
Microsoft held the last annual company-wide meeting of the Steve Ballmer era yesterday, and a number of sources within the company stepped up to tell me exactly what they discussed. Below, you'll find a few tidbits from this private internal event.
Company Meeting: Devices Aren't Just Bigger than PCs, They're WAY Bigger than PCs
Although Microsoft likes to debate the term "post-PC world," the firm made its best case yet for this notion, noting that while the market for PCs is about 350 million units per year (reality check: It's closer to 300 million), the market for non-PC computing devices—smartphones, tablets, and so on—is much, much bigger. How much bigger? How about 2.8 billion? This number explains why Microsoft has positioned itself as a devices and services company: It feels like it must secure a piece of that massive pie in order to remain a major player going forward. I happen to disagree with that assessment, and think the firm would be better served writing software and services that users could use on all those devices, but whatever. That's the thinking.
Company Meeting: Windows 7 Will Not Be the Next Windows XP
With Windows XP support finally winding down, the firm recently revealed that about 30 percent of all PCs in use worldwide are still running the aging OS. But at its company meeting, the real figure—27 percent—emerged, which means there are about 405 million XP PCs in use worldwide, an eye-opening figure. But Microsoft is determined not to let this happen again. So while many of us believe that Windows 7 will neatly slip into XP's role and become the next XP—partially because so few businesses are interested in Windows 8.x—Microsoft will instead push its newer OSs and let Windows 7 die a quicker death. It believes that by "listening" to customers with Windows 8.1, it can make this happen, and that the business-oriented changes in that version of the OS put it over the top. We'll see, but I've yet to hear anything like that from the enterprise.
Company Meeting: Lumia 520 Is the Best-Selling Windows Device in the World
If you've been following my coverage of the Nokia Lumia 520 on the SuperSite for Windows, you know that this $99 wonder isn't just versatile and fun, it's also the best-selling Windows Phone handset by far, and has been the most-used Windows Phone handset in the world for months. But Microsoft revealed an even more fascinating statistic about this device at its company meeting: The Lumia 520 is the best-selling Windows device in the world, a milestone that includes both PCs and tablets as well as phones.
Company Meeting: Yes, Microsoft Will Unify Development for Windows Phone and Windows
And now we know the timing, sort of: It will happen with the next release of Windows, or what we might call Windows 9. The idea is to unify the development environment—tools and APIs—across all Windows devices and to provide a single app store that works across PCs, tablets, and phone. That latter bit caused a bit of a sensation online yesterday when reports emerged that Microsoft was going to "combine" Windows Store (for Windows) and Windows Phone Store into a single electronic storefront, but that's not really a big story: They are already the "same" store, really. The big deal is that the app environments—the runtimes/APIs/SDKs—are merging. Yes, it's happening.
Company Meeting: Microsoft Demos Game Streaming from Tukwila Data Center
As I revealed first on Twitter yesterday, Microsoft demonstrated a streaming version of Halo 4 running on Windows Phone and Windows tablet devices. Here's what this means: The firm is developing an online game streaming service, similar to OnLive, which could let it stream modern PC-quality games over the Internet from its data centers—yesterday's demo utilized Microsoft's Tukwila data center—to modern Windows devices. The firm noted that latency was down to 45 milliseconds, which is probably OK for simple single-player gaming but is in fact pretty high for real-time multiplayer gaming. But here's a secret benefit of this technology: Microsoft might use this to solve the backward-compatibility problem of the Xbox One, which cannot play Xbox 360 games: It could simply stream these titles to customers. In the future. Maybe.
Company Meeting: Office Team Talks Gemini
Mary Jo Foley has been talking about the next version of Office, code-named Gemini, for a while now, and at the annual meeting yesterday, Microsoft confirmed that it's real: Gemini includes an improved Business Intelligence (BI) tool for Excel, Hadoop integration, and natural query tools. Based on what I've heard about the Gemini demo, it was classic Office, with lots of data points all coming together into an integrated experience, but I'm kind of short on the details. The news here is that Gemini exists.
Company Meeting: Steve Ballmer Goes Out Weeping Like a Baby
And I mean that in a good way. Arguing that breaking up Microsoft or confining its efforts to the enterprise would be a huge mistake, CEO Steve Ballmer—who recently announced he's stepping down within 12 months—gave his final company meeting appearance, and it was an emotional one. And try not to groan at this one, but he left the stage to standing ovation as the song "(I've Had) The Time Of my Life" played in the background. Yes, really.
Google Turns 15, Changes Search Algorithm
Google celebrated its 15th anniversary this week and celebrated by making a major change to its search engine that should help it stop driving traffic to other sites. The new algorithm behind this change, code-named "Hummingbird" (and not "[email protected]# 'em" as I'd imagined) now provides better answers to user queries—a good thing—but also drives less traffic off of Google.com since you can get more done right there. And that's bad for those of us—and in this case, I do mean "us"—who actually create the content that Google mines. Remember, Google doesn't create or maintain any data in-house. It just takes from the rest of the world and gives it to users, while making money on advertising. Those last two items would be perfectly legit if it weren't for the first.
But Wait, There's More
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter and the Paul Thurrott's SuperSite for Windows. And check out my free ebooks, Paul Thurrott's Windows Phone 8 and Paul Thurrott's Xbox Music. The next book, "Windows 8.1 Book," is now underway!
Faced with continued attacks on its capital in Raqqa, and a push by Syrian forces into the southern part of Deir Ezzor Province, ISIS forces are increasingly falling back into their territory elsewhere in the province. The ISIS forces are said to be gearing up for a “last stand” there.
By “last stand,” that is not to imply that the last battle is imminent, or indeed that ISIS is falling back into a single territory. Rather, ISIS forces are shoring up defenses in a large number of towns and villages across the province.
Despite large numbers of casualties sustained in fighting elsewhere, ISIS still has a substantial number of fighters, and as their territory shrinks, this is more densely packing ISIS defensive forces into what territory remains.
Estimates of 5,000 ISIS fighters may be on the low end of the number in the area. This does not include ISIS fighters in Deir Ezzor city or the southern part of the province, let alone those substantial numbers that remain in Raqqa.
The Kurdish YPG has announced an offensive against northern Deir Ezzor soon, but US estimates on the size of ISIS forces in the area rest on the assumption that no ISIS fighters in Raqqa will survive to fight another day, something that history has shown elsewhere is never the case.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Just 10 seconds after USC tied the game in the fourth quarter, Johnny Hooper missed a penalty shot for Cal and subsequently heard the roar from the large crowd of visiting Trojan fans, who could feel the tides turning in their favor. But he was not fazed by the miss. Three minutes later, after Cal had taken the lead back behind a Thomas Agramonte goal, Hooper forced a ball-under turnover and broke away for the game-sealing goal, securing the No. 4 Bears a hard-fought 12-10 victory against No. 3 USC.
Then the Cal fans roared, knowing their team had captured the win after seeing their star freshman attacker raise his fist in exultation.
“I knew on my 5-meter, I hesitated a little bit, and I didn't go where I wanted to go, and I made sure on my one-on-nobody, I was going to make it go where I wanted it to go — right over his head,” Hooper said.
Hooper's theme of redemption from his earlier miss resonated with Cal (19-4, 5-1 MPSF) as a whole, which entered Saturday looking to redeem itself after a previous loss to the Trojans (17-4, 5-2 MPSF) in tournament play. Cal also aimed to secure another conference win against San Jose State (3-20, 0-7 MPSF) the next day.
The USC game was tough from the start, as the two teams were knotted at two goals apiece in the first three minutes. But the Bears took their first hold of the game, going up, 5-3, at the end of the first frame behind two goals from Hooper.
USC responded in the second quarter, led by sophomore Lachlan Edwards, who netted one of his four goals after troubling the Bears' defense, drawing an ejection that led to another goal, which gave the Trojans a 6-5 lead. The Bears wouldn't back down, and junior Farrel South quickly took back the lead with two goals on consecutive possessions before the teams entered halftime deadlocked at 7.
It was clear that Edwards and his older brother Blake, a junior driver, were being given too many easy opportunities by the Bears' defense. At halftime, Cal head coach Kirk Everist decided to change his strategy to double-team center and force the ball away from the Edwards brothers.
“I felt like in the second quarter, we weren't coming back as hard as we needed to. We're aggressive on our defense, but we were getting extended, and they were sliding guys underneath us and getting isolations,” Everist said. “We wanted to force them to beat us from the perimeter and take away Lachlan and some of their post-up guys causing us trouble in the middle.”
The change worked, and the Bears' physical defense held the Trojans to only one goal in the third quarter, as opposed to Cal's three ─ two by freshman Odysseas Masmanidis and another by Hooper. But again, the Trojans fought back to tie the game at 10 with 5:40 remaining, and Cal needed two counterattack opportunities from Agramonte and then Hooper to seal the win.
Sunday's matchup, however, was nowhere near as challenging for Cal, whose opponent, San Jose State, is winless in conference play this year after reinstating its men's water polo program just this season after a 34-year absence from the sport. Everist took this opportunity against a weaker opponent to give valuable minutes to his bench. Sophomore attacker J.D. Ratchford enjoyed his opportunity, leading the Bears with five goals en route to a 13-5 victory over the Spartans.
“It's nice to get to start a different group,” Everist said. “I just played (Colin) Mulcahy and Agramonte for a couple of minutes. Luca (Cupido) didn't play at all. Those guys logged a lot of minutes yesterday, so it's nice to see the other guys get a chance.”
Vikram Muller covers men's water polo. Contact him at [email protected].
American food multinational PepsiCo's Indonesia-made products are linked to child labour, unethically low wages, and worker exploitation, a new investigative report by environmental and labour rights groups has found.
The report, titled The human cost of conflict palm oil: Indofood, PepsiCo's hidden link to worker exploitation in Indonesia and released on Wednesday, found extensive labour violations on two palm oil plantations operated by PT PP London Sumatra, a subsidiary of Indonesian food giant Indofood.
Indofood is Indonesia's biggest food company and one of the largest palm oil growers in the world. The company is connected to PepsiCo through a joint venture which makes it the sole manufacturer of PepsiCo's snack products in Indonesia.
The company's plantations cover a total area of 246,000 hectares in Sumatra and Kalimantan and it has been expanding aggressively over the past eight years by an average of 10,000 hectares of new palm oil plantations annually.
The report's authors — United States-based non-profit Rainforest Action Network (RAN), OPPUK, an Indonesian labor rights advocacy organization, and International Labor Rights Forum (ILRF) — investigated two of its plantations in North Sumatra by conducting field investigations and interviews with a total of 41 workers.
They said that the report's findings “highlight a pattern of egregious labor violations on palm oil plantations across the globe”.
Robin Averbeck, senior campaigner, RAN, said that “this report reveals that Indofood is violating the fundamental rights of workers on its palm oil plantations, as PepsiCo watches on”. The conditions on the Indofood plantations reflect “a disturbing system of abuse, where workers' rights are rarely respected”, she added.
Both PepsiCo and Indofood side-stepped these claims. In responses published in the report, PepsiCo pointed to its Palm Oil Action Plan, launched last year, which says that all its palm oil suppliers in its supply chain must uphold human rights standards, and are not allowed to use forced or child labour on their plantations.
“The company takes these commitments and any labour and human rights concerns raised very seriously,” it said.
While it claimed to have a “history of appropriately engaging on such matters”, it did not elaborate on how it plans to investigate or address the report's findings. It also did not respond to an Eco-Business query for details by publication time.
RAN also noted that since Indofood is technically a joint venture partner and not a supplier, PepsiCo does not require Indofood to implement company-wide requirements for sustainable palm oil. It only has to ensure that responsible palm oil is used to make PepsiCo's products.
Indofood, too, declined to comment on the report, saying that as far as it is concerned, it has complied with all Indonesian laws and regulations.
However, the report's findings show otherwise.
Documented violations
Investigators found that instead of hiring workers on a permanent basis and paying them fairly, Indofood's subsidiary frequently hires people on casual or limited-duration contracts even for core jobs such as harvesting fruit, and applying pesticides and fertilisers.
About half the workers interviewed by investigators had temporary contracts, or none at all. This arrangement pays less than half of what permanent a permanent position would, and offers employees no job security.
At one of PT PP London Sumatra's plantations investigated, the company violated the district's minimum wage laws by paying workers between 20 and 75 per cent less than the required amount.
Investigators also found that plantation owners have flouted Indonesia's laws on child labour, which set the minimum age for work at 15, and only allow hazardous work from age 18 and above.
They observed children as young as 13 years old working on plantations, and interviewed one 19-year old who said he had worked there since he was 12.
Much of this child labour was motivated by unreasonably high quotas imposed on harvesters, the report found. These workers must collect a minimum weight of fruit to be earned their wage.
In less productive periods, harvesters need to cover a larger expanse of plantation to reach their daily quota. This is when they may pull their children out of school to help out, and enlist their wives as well.
“ This report reveals that Indofood is violating the fundamental rights of workers on its palm oil plantations, as PepsiCo watches on. Robin Averbeck, senior campaigner, Rainforest Action Network
Many workers said they did not receive health and safety equipment from plantation owners, even for hazardous tasks such as spraying highly toxic pesticides or applying fertilisers. Several employees said they purchased basic shoes and gloves with their own money.
All employees said they were not given health insurance - though this is not standard practice in the industry - and when they faced health problems arising from their work, they had limited access to on-site company health services.
The Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil - the industry association for certifying responsible palm oil - requires plantations to ensure adequate medical amenities to workers..
PT PP London Sumatra also reportedly violated an international ruling that employers are not allowed to intervene in the union membership of workers. Indonesia has ratified the International Labour Organisation's convention which guarantees the Freedom of Association for workers.
Permanent plantation staff told investigators that they had been automatically enrolled in an employer-dominated union when they joined the company, and had fees deducted from their paychecks without their consent.
This union did not represent their interests, and when workers tried to approach independent unions, they said they were intimidated by the company.
“PepsiCo and Indofood may not be fully aware of the practices outlined in this report, nor condone them,” the authors acknowledged. But Averbeck said that “both companies must act without delay to address the egregious worker abuse exposed on Indofood's plantations”.
PepsiCo is widely regarded by green groups as a laggard on palm oil sustainability. Despite its extensive sustainable Palm Oil Action Plan which the company says will help it achieve zero deforestation, it ranked last on a palm oil scorecard released by Greenpeace in March.
There was little evidence that Pepsico's palm oil is deforestation-free, and the company fares poorly on tracing its supply back to its source Greenpeace found. Traceability information is essential to ensuring that a company's palm oil is not grown on illegally cleared land. It also said the company needs to do more to ensure that suppliers comply with its policy.
The labour abuse report's authors added: “Indofood is now the largest private palm oil company in Indonesia that has not strengthened its policies or improved its practices to align with the new benchmark for responsible palm oil”.
To spur these companies to act, RAN is collecting signatures on a petition urging PepsiCo chief executive Indra Nooyi to address the issue urgently.
The investigative group also called on the Indonesian government to do more to protect workers in the palm oil sector, a major source of revenue and jobs for the archipelago nation.
Herwin Nasution, executive director, OPPUK, noted that “as such a major employer in the country, the Indonesian government should enact specific labor laws to protect palm oil plantation workers, who face unique and heightened risks from their geographic isolation”.
Most urgent is the plight of women and child workers, said Nasution. They “perhaps suffer most under the impossibly high quotas and unethically low wages,” he added.
As each team in the NHL does at the end of their season, it's now time for us to take a look at the questions that burn in the hearts of every GM in the Eastern Conference, and that question is not “What time is my tee time tomorrow?”
Here's a quick guide to what we think each team needs to do to improve their roster and get themselves over the proverbial hump:
Thanks for reading – as always feel free to leave comments below and follow me on Twitter @BigMick99. Give the rest of the hockey department a follow while you're at it – @lastwordBKerr, @IswearGaa and @LastWordOnNHL, and follow the site @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? Visit our Join our Team page and be heard!
SK have officially added Joao "felps" Vasconcellos, who completed the roster that had been playing with a stand-in for the past two months. Lincoln "fnx" Lau has joined Immortals in felps' stead.
João "felps" Vasconcellos had been heavily linked with the SK move ever since the organization removed Lincoln "fnx" Lau from the starting roster following internal issues in early December.
In the two past two months, SK fielded stand-in Ricardo "fox" Pacheco, who helped the team reach semi-finals at ECS Season 2 Finals and at the ELEAGUE Major.
felps completes SK roster
Today, the organization formally announced the signing of felps, who supported the Brazilians at the Major, while fnx was transferred over to Immortals.
According to the release, felps has already joined the team at their gaming house in California to begin training for DreamHack Masters Las Vegas taking place from February 15-19, where SK will debut with the new squad.
SK are:
Immortals have the following lineup:
Immortals are just one win away from qualifying for IEM Katowice, as they're set to face Liquid in the North American closed qualifier's grand final at 21:00.
Not long ago, I walked into a friend's kitchen and found her opening one of those evil, impossible-to-breach plastic blister packages with a can opener. This worked, and struck me as brilliant, but I mention it only to illustrate a characteristic that I admire in our species: given almost any entity, we will find a way to use it for something other than its intended purpose. We commandeer cafeteria trays to go sledding, “The Power Broker” to prop open the door, the Internet to look at kittens. We do this with words as well—time was, spam was just Spam—but, lately, we have gone in for a particularly dramatic appropriation. In certain situations, it seems, we have started using “no” to mean “yes.” Here's Lena Dunham demonstrating this development, during a conversation with the comedian Marc Maron on his podcast “WTF.” The two are talking about people who reflexively disparage modern art: MARON: They can look at any painting and go, “Eh.” They can look at a Rothko and go, “Hey, three colors.” And then you want to hit them.
DUNHAM: No, totally. Dunham is twenty-eight years old, but the “No, totally!” phenomenon is not limited to her generation. It's not even limited to “No, totally.” I first started noticing it when a fiftysomething acquaintance responded to a question I asked by saying, “Yup! No, very definitely.” That sent me looking for other examples, which turn out to be almost nonexistent in written English but increasingly abundant in speech. In 2001, the journalist Bernard Kalb told the White House correspondent Dana Milbank that it was the job of reporters to thoroughly investigate political candidates, to which Milbank responded, “Oh, no, yes, I agree with you there.” In 2012, Anderson Cooper, talking with the CNN senior political analyst Gloria Borger, referred to Newt Gingrich as “the guy who has come back from the dead multiple times.” Borger's reply veered toward Molly Bloom terrain: “Yes, no, exactly, exactly, exactly.” “No, totally.” “No, definitely.” “No, exactly.” “No, yes.” These curious uses turn “no” into a kind of contranym: a word that can function as its own opposite. Out of the million-odd words in the English language, perhaps a hundred have this property. You can seed a field, in which case you are adding seeds, or seed a grape, in which case you are subtracting them. You can be in a fix but find a fix for it. You can alight from a horse to observe a butterfly alighting on a flower. Such words—also called auto-antonyms, antagonyms, Janus words, and antiologies—can arise for different reasons. Some are just a special kind of homonym; what appears to be one word with two opposite meanings is really two different words with identical spellings and pronunciations. Thus “clip,” meaning “to attach together,” comes from the Anglo-Saxon clyppan, while “clip,” meaning “to cut off,” comes from the Old Norse klippa. Other contranyms arise when nouns become verbs. Sometime around 1200 A.D., dust turned into a verb and, as dust will do, went every which way: “to dust” can mean to remove dust, as from a bookshelf, or to add something dusty, as flour to a cake pan or snow to the streets of Brooklyn. Alternatively, a contranym can reverse meanings when it is used as a different part of speech. As a noun, “custom” refers to a behavior that is common to many people. As an adjective, it refers to something designed for just one person. Occasionally, however, a contranym arises through a process called amelioration, whereby a normally negative word develops a secondary, positive meaning. This phenomenon is particularly common in slang: “bad” becomes good, “wicked” becomes awesome, and “sick” and “ill” become wonderful. (They have been ameliorated: made better.) The use of “no” to mean “yes” appears to be an example of amelioration, but with one important distinction: “no” can't mean “yes” on its own. Consider a slightly abridged version of Lena Dunham's conversation about art appreciation: MARON: And then you want to hit them.
DUNHAM: No. Take away the “totally” and Dunham appears to be rejecting anti-philistine violence. By contrast, you can take away the “no” without doing any evident semantic damage at all. A perfectly fine response to “Then you want to hit them” is “Totally”—or, for that matter, “Yes, totally,” or just “Yes.” In fact, every instance of “No, totally” and its kindred phrases can be replaced with “Yes,” without any disruption of grammar or meaning. So why do we sometimes use “no” instead?
At first blush, “no” does not appear to be the kind of word whose meaning you can monkey with. For one thing, there is its length. At just two letters and one syllable, it lacks the pliable properties of longer words. You can't stuff stuff inside it. (You can say “unfreakingbelievable,” but you cannot say “nfreakingo.”) You can't mangle it, à la “misunderestimate” or (the finest example I've heard lately) “haphazardous.” On the contrary, it is so simple and self-contained that it is a holophrasm, a word that can serve as a complete sentence. (Holophrasms aren't common in English, but any verb in command form can be holophrastic—“Go,” “Help,” “Run”—and babies just learning to talk use single words to express complex ideas all the time, albeit without regard to grammar: “Ball,” “Up,” “Want.”) Moreover, the word has the apparent fixity and clarity of a logical operator: like “if,” “then,” “and,” “or,” and “not,” “no” seems designed to be unambiguous. When we ask, in the face of excessive pestering, “What part of ‘no' don't you understand?,” what we mean is: “Unless you are a complete cretin, there is no part of ‘no' that you could possibly misunderstand.” Well, perhaps you would care to join me for a while in the land of complete cretinhood. For instance, answer me this, if you can: What part of speech is “no”? I thought it over for a while and concluded that it must be an interjection, even though it fails the Mad Libs test. (“The burglar bumped into the dresser and exclaimed, ‘___, my toe!' ” The last time someone filled in a blank like that with “no” was never.) At a generous estimate, I was only one-sixth correct—but, in my defense, “no” resists all ready grammatical categorization. It is not an interjection, except when it is. (“Oh, no, I missed the train.”) It is not a noun, except when it is. (“The nos have it.”) It is not an adjective, except when it is. (“I have no idea what you're talking about.”) It is not an adverb, except when it is. (“I'm no clearer on this than I was when I began.”) Some linguists grant it the separate part-of-speech status of “sentence word,” because, as I noted, it can serve as a stand-alone sentence. Others consider it a particle—even though, as a rule, the point of particles is precisely that they can't stand alone; they exist to affect the meaning of other words. In addition to this grammatical ambiguity, “no” also sometimes suffers from semantic ambiguity—which is odd, considering that we regard it as absolute. But consider the question “You aren't a fan of cilantro?” The answer “No” is confusing, since it can mean either “No, it tastes like dish soap” or “No, I adore it.” Some languages avoid this type of indeterminacy. In Japanese, for instance, hai and iie, although generally translated as “yes” and “no,” actually mean something closer to “That's correct” and “That's incorrect.” This eliminates the grey area. “You're not a fan of cilantro?” “That's incorrect,” you are a fan. In English, by contrast, we must resort to elaboration: “No, I like it fine, I just don't want any on my pancakes.” Until the end of the sixteenth century or thereabouts, English had a tidier solution to this problem: we had two words for “no,” which we used in distinct ways. Those two words formed half of what's called a four-form system of negation and affirmation. If you speak French (or, in a statistical unlikelihood, Norwegian, Swedish, Danish, or Icelandic), you are familiar with a three-form system: in French, n__on can negate anything, oui is used only in response to positively phrased questions or statements, while si is used to contradict questions or statements phrased in the negative. In Franglish: Would you like to have dinner with me on Friday?
Oui, I'd like that very much. You don't like the cilantro pesto I made?
Si, it's delicious! Back when English was a four-form system, it, too, had a si—a word used specifically to contradict negative statements. That word was “yes.” To affirm positive statements, you used “yea”: Shoot, there aren't any open pubs in Canterbury at this hour.
Yes, there are. Is Chaucer drunk?
Yea, and passed out on the table. Similarly, “nay” was used to respond to positive statements or questions, while “no” was reserved for contradicting anything phrased in the negative: Is the Tabard open?
Nay, it closed at midnight. Isn't Chaucer meeting us here?
No, he went home to bed. Over time, the distinction withered, “yea” and “nay” became obsolete, and “yes” and “no”—the words that started out as special cases, for responding exclusively to negatives—came to hold their current status. Or, as the case may be, statuses.
Displaced Syrian children line up to receive polio vaccinations at a refugee camp in the southern port city of Sidon, Lebanon. AP Photo/Mohammed Zaatari
More than 20 million children are set to be vaccinated against polio in Syria and neighboring countries to try stopping the spread of the paralyzing infectious disease following its re-emergence in Syria after 14 years, United Nations agencies said on Friday.
The mass vaccination against polio, which can spread rapidly among children, is already under way in the Middle East a week after the region declared a polio emergency, the World Health Organization (WHO) and UNICEF said.
The threat of the re-emergence of polio is not limited to countries near Syria, a paper released in the Lancet medical journal on Friday said. Two German researchers warned that Syrian refugees fleeing the near three-year-old civil war there could introduce polio into Europe, especially in countries with relatively low vaccination coverage like Ukraine and Austria, if more is not done to contain the virus.
The U.N.'s aim to vaccinate about 20 million children in seven countries and territories will be the largest-ever consolidated immunization drive in the Middle East.
"The polio outbreak in Syria is not just a tragedy for children, it is an urgent alarm – and a crucial opportunity to reach all under-immunized children wherever they are," Peter Crowley, UNICEF's chief of polio, said in a news release.
He said the recent outbreak in Syria, confirmed by the WHO last week, should "serve as a stark reminder to countries and communities that polio anywhere is a threat to children everywhere."
WHO spokeswoman Sona Bari said it would take six months of repeated campaigns to reach 22 million children.
"It is going to need quite an intense period of activity to raise the immunity in a region that has really been ravaged both by conflict in some parts, but also by large population movements," she said at a briefing in Geneva.
The first polio outbreak in Syria since 1999 has so far paralyzed 10 children and poses a risk of paralysis to hundreds of thousands of others across the region, the WHO said.
Syria's immunization rates have plummeted from more than 90 percent before the conflict to around 68 percent now.
Preliminary evidence has indicated the virus is of Pakistani origin, but results of genetic sequencing are still awaited. Polio is endemic in Pakistan, along with Nigeria and Afghanistan.
Former minister Dr James Reilly has said his job as deputy leader of Fine Gael will be to help rebuild the party for the next general election.
Dr Reilly said such a job is best suited to someone who is not tied up in the day-to-day business of Government.
The former minister for health and minister for children was previously deputy leader of Fine Gael, but was stripped of that position by Taoiseach Enda Kenny following the general election, which saw Dr Reilly lose his Dáil seat in Dublin Fingal.
Mr Kenny subsequently appointed Dr Reilly to the Seanad as one of the Taoiseach's 11 nominees and was this week reappointed as deputy leader of Fine Gael, in a move that caused surprise in the parliamentary party.
Amid criticism of Mr Kenny's leadership, Dr Reilly told RTÉ's Drivetime: “We have in Enda Kenny a man who can pick to the phone to the other leaders in Europe… someone we need at the helm.”
Toronto Deputy Mayor Norm Kelly says he is “emphatically” opposed to asking the province to remove Mayor Rob Ford from office if he doesn't take a leave of absence. “We're the sixth largest government in Canada and we're going to go running to the province like a juvenile and ask them for help because we, as adults, can't address this issue,” Kelly said Thursday. Kelly was reacting to Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong's plan to ask city council, at its regularly scheduled meeting next week, to pass a motion petitioning the provincial government to take action. “Extraordinary measures are needed in extraordinary times,” Minnan-Wong said. He and Kelly are both members of Ford's executive committee. Minnan-Wong said the mayor's problems are escalating and he has no confidence matters will improve.” His motion will require a “large majority,” of support if the province is to act, he added.
Article Continued Below
“Council needs to deal with this, the mayor isn't dealing with it to the satisfaction of the public and I think there is increasing intolerance from members of council, from friend and foe alike on council,” he said. He expressed hope the vote could be unanimous. But Kelly said he will urge councillors to vote against the proposal. Kelly is working behind the scenes trying to persuade Ford to step back and he said that work will continue. “We possess the skills and we will summon the will to look after all the problem ourselves,” Kelly said in his office at city hall.
On Thursday, Premier Kathleen Wynne wouldn't tip her hand when asked if the province would take action on Ford if city council made a request. She told reporters city council must deal with motions now on the table and that police are continuing with their investigation. “We need to let those processes roll out. I have a lot of confidence in city council and in the police,” Wynne said after speaking to an infrastructure conference at the Fairmont Royal York. There is nothing in the City of Toronto Act, which governs the city's relationship with the provincial government, that allows for the province to intervene in the city's affairs in the event of a scandal.
Article Continued Below
The law says only that the minister of municipal affairs can dissolve the entire council and call byelections for all seats “if city council is unable to hold a meeting for a period of 60 days because of a failure to obtain a quorum.” The law also says a mayor's office becomes vacant if he is absent for three consecutive months from council meetings. Meanwhile, the city's top civil servant weighed in on the scandal in an unusual memo to city employees on Wednesday. “I know you are all aware of the recent media coverage regarding the Mayor,” city manager Joe Pennachetti wrote. “The situation that is unfolding is unfortunate. It has also resulted in some media reports that the City of Toronto is in crisis. This is not the case.” He said the “issues” had “created some distraction” but were not a reflection of the work of city staff. “The best way for the Toronto Public Service to address this situation will be to continue our hard work and to continue to provide high quality customer service to the residents and businesses of the City.”
Read more about:
Just over a year ago, Detective Joseph Murray was something of a rarity as one of the few cops (publicly, at least) on Twitter.
Now it's more and more common. Just last week, Murray introduced his more than 2,600 followers to two newly minted tweeting cops: Detective Paul Guercio and high-ranking Chief Inspector Joe Sullivan.
There are more than 30 cops listed on the Philadelphia Police Department (PPD)‘s official Twitter list, though, with more than 7,000 PPD staffers, that's hardly scratching the surface. Since April 2011, when the PPD formalized its social media policy, the PPD has required officers to get departmental approval if they want to use their official title on Twitter. The PPD offers training for officers new to Twitter, said Sgt. Eric Gripp, the department's new social and digital media manager.
Despite the uptick in tweeting cops, the PPD hasn't specifically encouraged it, said Frank Domizio, who became the PPD's first social and digital media manager in early 2012 and was recently reassigned.
“I think more people are starting to see the value in it and signing up,” Domizio wrote in an email.
Why does it matter that a couple dozen cops are on Twitter? It gives a human face to a department that hasn't always had the best reputation, and that translates to more trust, more dialogue, more crime tips. (Last year, much was made of an effort in Seattle to distribute crime news in hyperlocal police Twitter accounts.)
“You almost feel like the guy has your back, the way he talks online,” said one West Philadelphian about Murray, the tweeting detective, in an Inquirer story.
Advertisement
As for Murray, he said he's happy the PPD has allowed officers to tweet freely and be themselves.
“It takes a lot of trust to give that power to us,” he wrote in an email. “As we get more and more cops on social media, I think we will see more crimes solved, more tips received and a happier public.”
Below, we list the local cops on Twitter in numerical order by district. They come from various districts and divisions and rankings, though there are six cops from the PPD's Public Affairs division.
Find the PPD's official Twitter list here.
Officer Mike Duffy , 3rd District (South Philly East): @PPDMikeDuffy
, 3rd District (South Philly East): @PPDMikeDuffy Commanding Officer Brian Korn , 6th District (Center City East): @PPDBrianKorn
, 6th District (Center City East): @PPDBrianKorn Sgt. Timothy Devlin , 6th District (Center City East): @PPDTimDevlin
, 6th District (Center City East): @PPDTimDevlin Commanding Officer Frank Banford , 9th District (Center City West): @PPDFrankBanford
, 9th District (Center City West): @PPDFrankBanford Sgt. Robert Ryan , 12th District (Center City West): @PPDRobertRyan
, 12th District (Center City West): @PPDRobertRyan Officer Brian Geer , 14th District (Southwest Philadelphia): @PPDBrianGeer
, 14th District (Southwest Philadelphia): @PPDBrianGeer Officer Ta'Myra Cox , 17th District (Southwest Center City): @PPDTaMyraCox
, 17th District (Southwest Center City): @PPDTaMyraCox Officer Tommy Harris , 17th District (Southwest Center City): @PPDTommyHarris
, 17th District (Southwest Center City): @PPDTommyHarris Lt. David Bonk , 18th District (University City, West Philadelphia): @PPDDaveBonk
, 18th District (University City, West Philadelphia): @PPDDaveBonk Community Relations Officer Shanna Moore , 22nd District (North Philadelphia West): @PPDShannaMoore
, 22nd District (North Philadelphia West): @PPDShannaMoore Officer Joe Lukaitis , 39th District (Northwest Philadelphia): @PPDJoeLukaitis
, 39th District (Northwest Philadelphia): @PPDJoeLukaitis Community Relations Officer Carol Keys , 39th District (Northwest Philadelphia): @PPDCarolKeys
, 39th District (Northwest Philadelphia): @PPDCarolKeys Officer John Ross , Strategic Initiatives: @PPDJohnRoss
, Strategic Initiatives: @PPDJohnRoss Chief Inspector Joe Sullivan , Homeland Security/Counterterrorism: @PPDJoeSullivan
, Homeland Security/Counterterrorism: @PPDJoeSullivan Officer Roderick Walton , works with CompStat (the Police Department's accountability program) : @PPDrickwalton
, works with CompStat (the Police Department's accountability program) : @PPDrickwalton Det. Paul Guercio , Central Detective Division: @PPDPaulGuercio
, Central Detective Division: @PPDPaulGuercio Det. Joseph Murray , Southwest Detective Division: @PPDJoeMurray
, Southwest Detective Division: @PPDJoeMurray Det. Rich Antonini , Southwest Detective Division: @PPDRichAntonini
, Southwest Detective Division: @PPDRichAntonini Officer Elvira Cruz , Victim Services Unit: @PPDElviraCruz
, Victim Services Unit: @PPDElviraCruz Sgt. Matt Veasey , Advanced Training Unit: @PPDMattVeasey
, Advanced Training Unit: @PPDMattVeasey Officer KimberlyAnne Martin , Traffic Unit, works with Recruitment Team: @PPDKimMartin
, Traffic Unit, works with Recruitment Team: @PPDKimMartin Sgt. Eric Gripp , Social and Digital Media Manager, Public Affairs: @PPDEricGripp
, Social and Digital Media Manager, Public Affairs: @PPDEricGripp Cpl. Frank Domizio , Philadelphia Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory, former Social and Digital Media Manager: @PPDFrankDomizio
, Philadelphia Regional Computer Forensics Laboratory, former Social and Digital Media Manager: @PPDFrankDomizio Commanding Officer John Stanford , Public Affairs: @PPDJohnStanford
, Public Affairs: @PPDJohnStanford Officer Tanya Little , Public Affairs: @PPDTanyaLittle
, Public Affairs: @PPDTanyaLittle Officer Jillian Russell , Public Affairs: @PPDJillRussell
, Public Affairs: @PPDJillRussell Officer Christine O'Brien , Public Affairs: @PPDChrisyOBrien
, Public Affairs: @PPDChrisyOBrien Officer Gary Mercante , Public Affairs: @PPDGaryMercante
, Public Affairs: @PPDGaryMercante Denise James, Director of Strategic Communications: @PPDDeniseJames
Staff Inspector Daniel McDonald , Standards and Accountability Division: @PPDDanMacDonald
, Standards and Accountability Division: @PPDDanMacDonald Staff Inspector Joel Dales , Internal Affairs Division: @PPDJoelDales
, Internal Affairs Division: @PPDJoelDales Inspector and Commanding Officer Tony Washington , South Police Division: @ppdtonywash
, South Police Division: @ppdtonywash Officer Joe Luce , Highway Patrol: @PPDJoeLuce
, Highway Patrol: @PPDJoeLuce Capt. Alan Clark , Center City District: @PPDAlanClark
, Center City District: @PPDAlanClark Officer Edward Fidler , Crime Scene Investigation: @PPDCrimeScene
, Crime Scene Investigation: @PPDCrimeScene Thomas J. Nestel, SEPTA Police Chief: @TNestel3
-30-
New Delih: Actor Shah Rukh Khan was issued a third summons by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in connection with the share sale of his Indian Premier League (IPL) team Knight Riders Sports Pvt Ltd (KRSPL).
The KKR franchise is co-owned by the actor's company Red Chillies Entertainment Pvt Ltd, Juhi Chawla and her husband Jay Mehta.
An external audit by the ED in 2014 concluded that Mehta-owned Sea Island Investments' shares were undervalued during a transfer transaction by Knight Riders Sports Pvt Ltd in 2008.
The agency has been investigating the KRSPL deal since 2010 under Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).
“Khan had failed to appear in the earlier summons issued to him due to his busy shooting schedules. He is required to be present before the agency by first week of November,” a source told DNA.
“Shah Rukh's presence is required to conclude the investigation. Only after this we could raise the demand order and show cause notice (SCN) against the said violation," an ED official was quoted as saying by the newspaper.
The agency has recorded statements of other KKR shareholders Juhi Chawla and her husband Jay Mehta in May this year. But Khan could not make it till now, as he is busy shooting,” the official further added.
ED had questioned Khan once before on the KRSPL deal, which alleged involves a forex violation of around Rs 100 crore.
Huy Fong Foods is an American hot sauce company based in Irwindale, California.[1] Beginning in 1980 on Spring Street in Los Angeles's Chinatown, it has grown to become one of the leaders in the Asian hot sauce market, particularly in Sriracha sauce.
Name [ edit ]
The company is named for a Taiwanese freighter, Huey Fong, that carried the founder David Tran and 3,317 other refugees out of Vietnam in December 1978.[2] The rooster symbol comes from the fact that Tran was born in the Year of the Rooster on the Chinese zodiac.[2][3][4]
Products [ edit ]
The company's most popular product is its sriracha sauce. It was originally made with Serrano peppers and is now made with red Jalapeño peppers, reducing the overall pungency.[citation needed] It is currently Huy Fong Foods' best-known and best-selling item, easily recognized by its bright red color and its packaging: a clear plastic bottle with a green cap, text in five languages (Vietnamese, English, Chinese, French, and Spanish) and the rooster logo. One nickname for the product is "rooster sauce”, for the logo on the bottles.[5] In contrast to similar hot sauces made by other manufacturers, Huy Fong's sriracha sauce does not contain fish extract, making it suitable for most vegetarians, although the presence of garlic may make it unsuitable for members of Buddhism and some Hindu denominations.
Huy Fong also makes sambal oelek and chili garlic sauces.[6]
History [ edit ]
Founder [ edit ]
The sauce was developed by the company's founder, David Tran (born 1945), a Chinese-Vietnamese businessman and former Major in the Army of the Republic of South Vietnam,[2] who fled the country in 1978 and arrived in the United States (first in Boston, then in Los Angeles) in the spring of 1980 as a part of the migration of the Vietnamese boat people following the Vietnam War.[4]
Huy Fong Foods is a family business, staffed by eight members of the family. David Tran's son, William Tran (born c. 1976), is the company's president; his daughter Yassie Tran-Holliday is vice-president.[2] The company has never advertised its products, relying instead on word of mouth.[7]
Early industrial production [ edit ]
By 1987, Huy Fong Foods had relocated to a 68,000-square-foot (6,300 m2) building in Rosemead, California that once housed toymaker Wham-O.[5] The company purchases chilis grown in Ventura, Los Angeles, and Kern Counties. Most of each year's chili mash is produced in just two months, during the autumn harvest. The sauces are produced on machinery that has been specially modified by Tran, who taught himself machining and welding skills. In 2001, the company was estimated to have sold 6,000 tons of chili products for approximately US$12 million.[citation needed]
Huy Fong Foods' chili sauces were made from red jalapeño chili peppers grown in Moorpark, California by Underwood Family Farms,[8] and contain no artificial ingredients.[citation needed] The relationship with Underwood ended in 2016, and in August 2017 Huy Fong sued its former supplier, alleging breach of contract and other causes of action. The company formerly used serrano chilis but found them difficult to harvest.[citation needed] All three sauces are manufactured in Rosemead, California.[citation needed] The company has warned customers about counterfeit versions of its sauces.[9]
In December 2009, Bon Appétit magazine named its Sriracha sauce Ingredient of the Year for 2010.[10] In 2010 the company produced 20 million bottles of sauce in a year.[11] As of 2012 it had grown to sales of more than US$60 million a year.[2]
New factory and community relations issues [ edit ]
Huy Fong Foods Headquarters, Irwindale, California
In 2010, the company opened a factory in Irwindale, California. It is 23 acres, with 26,000 square feet (2,400 m2) of office space, 150,000 square feet (14,000 m2) of production space, and 480,000 square feet (45,000 m2) of warehouse.[11] The odor of chilis that emanates from the new Irwindale factory upset the community's residents and the City of Irwindale filed a lawsuit against Huy Fong Foods in October 2013, claiming that the odor was a public nuisance.[12] Initially, a Los Angeles Superior Court judge refused the city's bid to shut down the factory[13] but a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge ordered the factory to essentially shut down on November 27, 2013, prohibiting all activities that could cause odors.[14] On May 29, 2014, it was announced that Irwindale had dropped the lawsuit against Huy Fong Foods.[15]
Since 2014, the factory is open to visitors and has become a tourist attraction.[5][16]
References [ edit ]
September 6, 2014 – Once upon a time, the 5th Amendment to the constitution said that a person could not be deprived of property without due process of law, nor shall private property be taken by the government without just compensation. This must have been a long time ago because it's been totally forgotten in a Philadelphia suburb.
The Sourovelis' home was taken because their 22-year-old son had $40 worth of heroin, for which the parents had no knowledge, according to their statement. Even if they did know, the process by which their home was seized is an outrage.
The family was forced out on the street. The police claim the property committed a crime and therefore became the property of the City of Philadelphia. The CNN report shows that this horrible process has occurred almost 500 times in the past two years in the Philadelphia area.
This type of property forfeiture is over the top and ignores any pretense that the constitution has anything left to its original meaning.
The police are militarized, the courts are out of control, and the people suffer. It's clear—respect for the rule of law at the local and national levels has been severely compromised. Let's hope we change this rather soon.
Advertisements
Conversations for this year's East Bay Anarchist Bookfair:
11:00 AM
Hello From the Wired: An Introduction to Cyber-Nihilism
The question concerning anarchy and technology is the central question for anarchists today. The recent resurgence of fascist sentiment in America through the alt-right on the Internet, the milestones in climate change that have been passed this year alone, and the continual push for labor reforms in the third world all bring technology to the forefront as a threat against autonomy, a weapon against authority, and as a wildcard. Yet on the pro or anti-tech sides of the debate, anarchists have tended to rely on progressivist narratives when engaging with technology, while failing to address the possibility that we will have to carve whatever space we can for autonomy and attack out of a rapidly-expanding bio-mechanical, networked landscape.
Against this, cyber-nihilism steps into conversation with anarchy: Flung forward along the force of our facticity, turned to the past, the hacker-revolutionary piles fork bombs and DDoS attacks onto the techno-corporate house of cards.
12:30 PM
Community
Building long-term projects and institutions has often been a challenge for anarchists in the US. How does seeing these projects as a community help their longevity, while also provide its own difficulties? This presentation will be based on thoughts about the last 25 years of building Suigetsukan, a martial arts collective. Discussion, led by Mike E. may touch on questions of how to manage the ebb and flow of a sense of community within a project? Is it useful to hold folks, who we identify as being part of our community, to very different standards from everyone else? This can lead to not holding folks accountable or lashing out at one another due to sense of betrayal we feel when we are let down by people we had greater expectations of. Does having a shared project/activity enhance a sense of community between people?
2:00 PM
Stirnerian Hauntology and the Creative Nothing
In this presentation I will present a series of meditations and digressions oriented around Max Stirner and the antiphilosophy of egoism. Throughout, I will attempt to question the hostility shown by many anarchists toward Stirner, to destabilize the dichotomy between individualist and collectivist projects, and to imagine an anarchy devoid of metaphysical law, essentialist identities, and teleological praxis. By exploring radical subjectivity and how Stirner's thought can inspire an immanent critique of all forms of coercive authority, I will reflect on how we can each create an insurrectionary anarchism that is immediate and for ourselves. The presentation will conclude with time for questions, group discussion, and possible contretemps.
3:30 PM
The Resurgence Of The Hermetic Left: A Conjuration
Alchemy, Anarchism, and Ancient Alexandria, with remarks on W. Benjamin, W. Blake, W. Whitman. Inspiredby the book GREEN HERMETICISM: ALCHEMY AND ECOLOGY by Peter Lambourn Wilson
3:30 PM
APOC Breakout Group
A space for self-identified people of color to connect and build community with other anti-capitalists/anti-authoritarians in the Bay Area.
United States Supreme Court case
Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project, 561 U.S. 1 (2010), was a case decided in June 2010 by the United States Supreme Court regarding the USA PATRIOT Act's prohibition on providing material support to foreign terrorist organizations (18 U.S.C. § 2339B). The case, petitioned by U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder,[1] represents the only time in U.S. First Amendment jurisprudence that a restriction on political speech has passed the Brandenburg v. Ohio test.[2]
The Supreme Court ruled against the Humanitarian Law Project, which sought to help the Kurdistan Workers' Party in Turkey and Sri Lanka's Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam learn how to peacefully resolve conflicts.[3] It concluded that Congress had intended to prevent aid to such groups, even if for the purpose of facilitating peace negotiations or United Nations processes, because that assistance did fit the law's definition of material aid as “training”, “expert advice or assistance”, “service”, and “personnel”. The finding was based on the principle that any assistance could help to "legitimate" the terrorist organization, and free up its resources for terrorist activities.
The court noted that the proposed actions of the Humanitarian Law Project were general and "entirely hypothetical", implying that a post-enforcement challenge to the application of the "material support" provisions is not foreclosed.
Reception [ edit ]
Former President Jimmy Carter criticized the decision, arguing that "The 'material support law' – which is aimed at putting an end to terrorism – actually threatens The Carter Center's work and the work of many other peacemaking organizations that must interact directly with groups that have engaged in violence. The vague language of the law leaves us wondering if we will be prosecuted for our work to promote peace and freedom."[4]
Elisabeth Decrey-Warner, president of the Swiss NGO Geneva Call also expressed her disapproval, stating that "Civilians caught in the middle of conflicts and hoping for peace will suffer from this decision. How can you start peace talks or negotiations if you don't have the right to speak to both parties?"[5]
In January 2011, David Cole, a professor of law at Georgetown University Law Center, who argued the case for the Humanitarian Law Project, commented on developments since the decision. He noted that several prominent former officeholders, including Rudolph Giuliani and Tom Ridge, had spoken in support of the Mujahedeen Khalq, an Iranian opposition group designated by the United States as a terrorist organization.[6] He stated that he supported their right to speak but that even nonviolent advocacy (such as urging that a designation as "terrorist" be revoked) was illegal under the Supreme Court's decision. He also pointed to exemptions granted under the rubric of "humanitarian aid" that turned out to include products like cigarettes and chewing gum.[6] He stated: "Under current law, it seems, the right to make profits is more sacrosanct than the right to petition for peace, and the need to placate American businesses more compelling than the need to provide food and shelter to earthquake victims and war refugees".[6]
Linguist Noam Chomsky criticized[7] the decision as an issue of freedom of speech and stated that it constituted "the first major attack on freedom of speech in the United States since the notorious Smith Act back around 1940".[8] He also stated that it had troubling legal implications since Humanitarian Law Project gave out advice to Turkish PKK which urged the group to pursue nonviolence.[9]
The magazine Mother Jones said that "the Supreme Court ruled that even protected speech can be a criminal act if it occurs at the direction of a terrorist organization". It goes on to say that people "could be convicted of materially supporting terrorism merely for translating a document or putting an extremist video online, depending on [their] intentions".[10]
Representatives of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement stated that the ruling would probably not affect their operations or their relationship with the American government.[5]
Implementation [ edit ]
In September 2010 the Federal Bureau of Investigation raided activists in Minneapolis and Chicago, seizing computers, cell phones and files and issuing subpoenas to some targeted individuals to appear before a federal grand jury. The FBI agents were seeking evidence of ties to groups deemed by the U.S. government to be foreign terrorist organizations, including the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.[11][12] Attorneys linked the raids to the Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project decision.[13][14]
See also [ edit ]
New York bitcoin exchange itBit has closed $25m in Series A fundraising.
The round drew support from a pool of new and existing sources including RRE Ventures, Liberty City Ventures and investor Jay W Jordan II. Raptor Capital Management chairman James Pallotta also participated in the round.
ItBit further confirmed the addition of three new members to its board of directors: former Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation chairperson Sheila Bair; former New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley; and former Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) chairman Robert Herz.
The three directors had previously been tied to itBit through its banking license application filed in February, though last month the company declined to confirm their participation.
Perhaps most notably, however, itBit revealed that it has received a trust company charter from the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS). According to separate statements from the NYDFS, itBit is the first company of its kind to receive a trust company charter.
In a statement, itBit co-founder and CEO Charles Cascarilla said that the approval gives the bitcoin exchange broad access to US-based customers, adding:
“Regulatory approval from the NYDFS allows us to serve as a custodian for our clients' assets and expand our services to US customers – the largest market of bitcoin traders in the world – and allows us to do so with the highest standard of care afforded by any bitcoin company.”
ItBit said that customer funds denominated in US dollars will be held in FDIC-insured accounts, though the company declined to name its banking partner.
Charter review complete
In its own remarks, the NYDFS revealed itBit applied for a charter under the agency's digital currency business process in February of this year, after which it was subjected to what it characterized as a “rigorous review” of its compliance and cybersecurity standards.
As a result, itBit has emerged as one of the more well-regulated US bitcoin exchanges, a point also emphasized by the agency.
The NYDFS explained:
“As a chartered limited purpose trust company with fiduciary powers under the banking law, itBit can begin operating immediately and is subject to ongoing supervision by the NYDFS.”
Superintendent Benjamin M Lawsky remarked in a statement that bitcoin and similar implementations “could ultimately hold real promise” as financial technologies, but echoed past comments by stating that regulations are needed to protect customers.
All-star board
The addition of Bair, Bradley and Herz grants itBit added financial and political heft as it looks to grow its market share in the budding US bitcoin market.
Bradley, for example, previously acted as New Jersey Senator from 1979 to 1997 – serving on the Senate Finance Committee – and later ran for president during the 2000 Democratic primaries.
In a statement, Bradley voiced his support for bitcoin, starting: “Bitcoin has the potential to transform the world of finance as we know it today.”
Bair served as FDIC chair from 2006 to 2011, a period that included the 2008 financial panic and subsequent economic crisis. She has since served on the board for several companies and organizations, such as Spanish banking giant Banco Santander which she joined in 2014.
Herz, a former partner for PricewaterhouseCooper, was appointed FASB chair in 2002.
ItBit's Trust Company Charter
Image credit: Marco Rubino / Shutterstock.com
The leader of a top civil rights organization has sent a letter to California State University Los Angeles demanding answers regarding recent reports of a segregated on-campus housing community created exclusively for black students.
In his letter, Michel Meyers, President and Executive Director of the New York Civil Rights Coalition, expressed his disgust with the university's decision to offer a segregated living community.
Meyers — a self-described unrepentant liberal, former Assistant Director of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and an African American himself — begins the letter by requesting a formal statement from CSULA confirming the existence of Halisi Scholars Black Living-Learning Community.
“In short, we will want to know whether there has been created and opened a separate residence or section of a residential house for black students only. If so, how was such a facility or wing or section thereof accomplished without the University's cooperation and explicit involvement with identifying, prioritizing, assigning and (to use the students' word) “delegating” residents to the space by race?”
“As we glean from press reports, the University's spokesman has declined to answer questions about the details of the ‘Halisi Scholars Black Living Learning Community,'” Meyers writes. “That itself is inexplicable and disturbing. We trust you will answer our questions and desire for details.”
Meyers then suggests that a full and thorough report from the President and Chancellor on the segregated student housing would serve as “a timely agenda item” for the upcoming California State University Board of Trustee's meeting.
Since the university claims that the Halisi living community is a “safe space” for black students based on academic purpose, Meyers says immediate attention and prompt answers to his specific questions and concerns are warranted.
The letter lists 17 questions:
Does the name of the “Halisi Scholars Black Living-Learning Community” betray its intent to form a racially-identifiable residence or section of a house under the control and funding of Cal State University?
How is a race-based residential facility the equivalent of strictly academically or non-racial-themed campus housing?
How has Cal State University, Los Angeles advertised Halisi and handled applications for living there?
Are there separate, contiguous rooms, wings or sections or even floors of the residence designated for black students only or for only Halisi residents?
Are any Halisi residents non-black? If not, how did it happen–without affirmative CSULA endorsement and arrangement–that a racially identifiable residential “living community” occurred on a campus with an otherwise diverse student population?
Who is the Resident Advisor(s) and/or Resident Director assigned to staff the Halisi “living community” section of the residence? Is/are the RA(s) black/African American?
Is there a Resident Director assigned to Halisi? How was he/she has chosen?
If Halisi is “inclusive and non-discriminatory” how does/how did Cal State University-LA announce, advertise and/or arrange for a “…Black Living-Learning Community”? Did advertising it as a “Black Living-Learning Community” and as you organized the housing did it dawn on college officials that it would likely result in designating or reserving spaces/rooms expressly for blacks only, in order to achieve a “Black Living and Learning community–with the foreseeable effect or purpose that non-blacks would not “apply”?
How were applications handled and by which office?
What did University officials say–and how and when did they respond–to demands from some black students for a separate residential community for blacks only?
Are there founding, explanatory documents in Cal State University's housing office on guidelines for space allocation, room selection and resident placement in Halisi?
Given Cal State U's avowed commitment to transparency and accountability , how is it possible for University officials not to answer questions from the press about details of the residence–notably as to how many rooms are “delegated” to Halisi, and where they are located, and how they form a “living community”?
Are Halisi residents separated and segregated in units or apartments from other residential spaces in the larger residential complex? Are they on separate floors? Living in designated sections of floors of the complex?
How would such a reportedly racially-identifiable residence be possible without the affirmative support and execution of University officials?
In creating“the Halisi Black Living and Learning Community” did the college officials ever tell students that it is not the policy of the University or of the State of California to treat students differently from their peers–in housing or in academic offerings–on the flimsy basis of their race/skin color?
Was the college's or University's Counsel's office informed of this demand for racial separatism; and did they advise college/Cal State University officials of the commands and prohibitions of Proposition 209 governing California by way of governmental officials' duty to avoid racial classifications, differential treatment on account of skin color, and racial segregation?
Is it the position of the University that because the persons demanding racially-identifiable housing for blacks only are themselves black that racially identifiable residences established by the University officialdom are somehow exempt from compliance with federal and state civil rights laws? Is it the University's belief that separate race-designated housing organized and funded and arranged by college officials are not affronts to Proposition 209 and California public policy?
NYCRC issued a press release following Meyers letter. The release states that Meyers believes CSULA college officials have violated California state and federal civil rights laws by “establishing, funding and staffing a “racially-identifiable” dorm for black students only.” Meyers specifically references Proposition 209, an amendment to the California Constitution that prohibits public officials from differently treating, segregating, discriminating on the basis of race, and from designating or restricting spaces on a public campus to or for persons on the basis of skin color.
The release also gives background explaining why Meyers is outraged with the Halisi living community. “He was mentored by the famed black social psychologist Dr. Kenneth B. Clark whose research and studies the United States Supreme Court cited in its 1954 unanimous decision that outlawed racial segregation in public education, including segregation at public colleges and universities.”
When asked if he has received a response from CSULA since the press release yesterday afternoon, Meyers told The Daily Caller, “I got an e-mail last night from Chancellor Timothy White–promising that we would get an “expansive” reply from CSU-Los Angeles president William Covino soon.”
What's worse than getting burned out on doing a web comic? Regretting immediately once a week has passed knowing you no longer have a comic. So we're back and we may do more and we may not do any at all for a month. This schedule is just to keep it fun for everyone involved. With this we wont ever “retire” or “quit” we'll just take breaks. I love doing this comic more than almost anything and I thank people like Saeed from the Frumps, Justin from Jbabb, Javis from Legacy Control as well as others that inspired me to want to not quit again. If this is your first Gentlemen comic you're reading I thank you.
Also note that I should be at Comic Con with Travis and Saeed from the Frumps. Instead I'm training at my new job which trumps any shenanigans of dressing up like She-Ra or Colonel Mustard for me. So if you read this and find Travis you may win some free stuff.
Gentleman James
And now a word from the artist!
Would you look at that, we've come back and done resurrected ourselves. So what's different exactly and what can you come to expect from the bold new era of digital periodicals? Well friends, lemme tell you! First off, forget about the old numbering system, that's boring stale and outdated. Here on out, it's all titles all the time. What about our use of panels? That will change as well, who says you always have to stick in the three to nine zone, it's time to expand and panel like this is one of them gosh darn comic books! Most importantly will be the art, save for THIS comic which was done on the fly and by the seat of our pants – hey what resurrections are clean? The art will be leaps and bounds ahead of what we've done before and you'll notice. One day you'll see something highly rendered and the next you'll gaze at something very cartoony. So it's time to play fast and loose with this, but also take the time to craft the best comics possible.
Also, thanks for your continued support and be on the lookout for a few new announcements and cool goodies in the coming month. Who knows what'll happen next!
-Aaron
When Caroline Krass steps up to the table later this afternoon for her Senate confirmation as CIA general counsel, most of the tension will center on events that took place more than a decade ago in which she had little or no involvement. And some of the toughest questioning will come from Democrats on the panel who have put the White House on notice that there is far more at stake here than who will be the top lawyer at the nation's premiere spying organization. That is because the Krass nomination is serving as a proxy battle for one of the most intense and enduring wars between the Senate Intelligence Committee and the CIA in recent memory: the fate of the committee's massive and, according to sources familiar with it, brutally critical, report on the agency's harsh interrogation program.
Like everything relating to what the CIA calls enhanced interrogation and critics call torture, the fight over the report has been suffused with acrimony and mutual distrust. For Senator Diane Feinstein, the committee's chairman, as well as Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR.) and Mark Udall (D-Co.), the two members of the panel who have made the probe their crusade, the report represents a reckoning that is long overdue. But more than that, for them the 6,000-page report represents the authoritative historical record of one of the most divisive and painful chapters in the country's national security history. Its public disclosure offers an opportunity to finally put one of the CIA's darkest eras behind it by confronting the full facts and acknowledging mistakes that were made.
The CIA doesn't reject all of the report's findings, but officials there say much of it reads like a one-sided prosecution brief filled with errors and unfair insinuations. And even though the CIA has long relinquished controversial techniques, they say the report makes little or no attempt to see the true value of a program that many officials at Langley still maintain saved lives, foiled plots, and led to one of the most heralded intelligence coup in decades—the location and killing of Osama Bin Laden.
For months the CIA has pushed aback against the report's most critical conclusions, while Democrats on the committee have almost entirely stood their ground. Some of the worst clashes took place earlier this year between Feinstein and CIA Director John Brennan, who engaged in a series of tense conversation over the dispute that more than once degenerated into “shouting matches,” according to a well-placed Senate source.
Publicly CIA officials have said the agency plans to learn from the investigation's findings and implement necessary reforms. But they too are standing their ground in the belief that significant parts of the report they saw earlier this year were inaccurate. Agency officials pushed back hard trying to correct what they saw as factually flawed. The committee has made some corrections to the report based on the CIA's rebuttal, but they did not alter the major conclusions, according to two sources familiar with the document, which remains classified. The CIA has not seen the latest version of the report.
In a statement, CIA spokesman Dean Boyd said the agency “agreed with a number of the study's findings, but also detailed significant errors in the study.” He also said that “CIA and [Senate] committee staff have had extensive dialogue on this issue and the agency is prepared to work with the committee to determine the best way forward.”
Caught in the middle–but trying to stay on the sidelines–is the White House, which wants to smooth Krass's nomination without alienating the spies at the CIA. Obama aides have consistently declined to take a position on the report, instead urging the intelligence panel and the agency work together toward consensus.
“We believe that it is important for the committee and the CIA to continue working together to address issues associated with the report—including factual questions,” said National Security Council spokesperson Caitlin Hayden. “When that process between the committee and the CIA is complete, we understand that the committee will vote on its updated document and then pursue declassification of the document, in whole or in part,” Hayden added.
It is not hard to understand why the CIA is dreading the public disclosure of the report. According to those who have read it (or at least its 300-page executive summary), it makes a two-pronged attack on the agency's credibility. First, it concludes that the CIA's Enhanced Interrogation Program, which included instances of waterboarding, sleep deprivation, and other forms of harsh questioning techniques, did not yield any significant intelligence that couldn't have been obtained through traditional, non-coercive measures. Second, and perhaps even more harmful to the CIA's reputation, the report concludes that senior officials there engaged in a far-reaching, systematic pattern of deception and dishonesty over the efficacy of the program. The report details in granular detail instances in which Senate investigators believe the agency provided misleading or false information to the White House, the Justice Department, and congressional oversight committees.
Among the bill of particulars in the report is faulty information from the CIA that the Justice Department relied on in developing a series of legal opinions reauthorizing the program in 2005. (The original Office of Legal Council [OLC] opinions were withdrawn by Justice in 2004 after lawyers there concluded the legal reasoning behind them was badly flawed.) The 2005 opinions, written by Steven Bradbury, then the head of OLC, rested significantly on assertions from the CIA that the enhanced interrogation program largely prevented attacks on the United States after 9/11, a claim that the committee concluded has not been proven.
In its investigation, the Senate intelligence panel also found that the CIA made inaccurate representations about the efficacy of the program to congressional oversight committees, even over the objections of some agency employees who warned that the assertions may have gone further than the facts warranted.
Determining who was telling the truth about the success of the interrogations program has always been a murky business, dependent on subjective judgments and attempts at proving negatives. One major point of contention between the committee and the CIA is whether the truth of many of the report's assertions is even knowable. The report contends as a statement of fact that much of the intelligence obtained through coercive treatment could have been obtained using other means. In response, CIA officials have argued that such claims are purely speculative.
It is unclear the extent to which Democrats on the committee will try to draw Krass into the substance of the disagreements. Krass was a career lawyer at the Justice Department Office of Legal Council when all of the department's legal opinions on the program were written. But sources who worked at OLC at the time tell The Daily Beast that she had no involvement in developing the legal arguments supporting the use of the harsh interrogation techniques.
Still, the confirmation hearing represents one of the only instances in which senators will have any leverage over the administration on the issue. The general counsel job represents one of only three positions at the CIA that are subject to Senate confirmation. Moreover, if Krass is confirmed, she will likely be a crucial player in determining how much of the report can be declassified for public release. Udall and Wyden are expected to use the hearing to try to extract promises from her to make a good faith effort to declassify as much of the report as possible.
Committee sources have indicated that the panel will likely vote to declassify the report (or at least the executive summary) early next year. At that point it will go to a CIA review board, which will make its own judgments about what can be released to the public and what should stay under wraps. That will be followed by negotiations with the intelligence committee, a process that could take months.
One of the most frequent questions you hear about Grammy-winning singer Seal is, "What happened to Seal's face?"
Seal is famous for singing "Kiss From a Rose" and other award-winning songs. But he is also well-known for his visible facial scarring. Lines of scarring are clearly visible on both sides of his face. (To see a close-up image of Seal's face, click on the Related Link.)
Speculating About What Happened to Seal's Countenance
It is easy to speculate about Seal's scars. The raised lines of scarring look like something you might get in a knife fight resulting in scars. The scars might also look like scars from a car accident or similar mishap causing scars.
Jet magazine quotes Seal as saying: "People want the scars to be tribal scars. That's just the nature of the media and of people's imaginations." Source: Celebrities Who Have Overcome Obstacles, Jet, June 10, 1996, available at books.google.com.
What Really Happened to Seal's Countenance
But Seal's scars are not the result of violence. Jet reported that Seal's facial scars are the result of the disease lupus. At age 23, Seal developed discoid lupus erythematosus (DLE), a rare form of the disease causing scars. Source: Celebrities Who Have Overcome Obstacles, Jet, June 10, 1996, available at books.google.com.
According to The Lupus Book, only ten percent of lupus patients have DLE. Thick, scaly lesions appear on these patients' skin, especially skin that is exposed to sunlight. If untreated, the lesions can turn cancerous. Source: Daniel J. Wallace, The Lupus Book, 4th ed., Oxford University Press, pages 70-71.
Lupus is an auto-immune disease that is passed down genetically. It is unknown when Seal's Lupus developed. A number of on-line sources claim that Seal developed lupus as an infant or as a teen (e.g., as of April 5, 2009, Wikipedia's entry for Seal claims the disease presented itself when Seal was a teen, though no sources are cited). I have not found any authoritative source for that claim. As cited previously, Jet magazine claims Seal did not show signs of the disease until age 23. This claim is consistent with public comments Seal has made.
Discoid Lupus is a chronic skin condition of sores with inflammation and scarring favoring the face, ears, and scalp and at times on other body areas. The exact cause of this auto-immune disease is unknown.
Seal Samuel has a skin ailment called discoid lupus. There is a half moon scar that lies under his eyes due to this ailment. But this scar it seems had begun to form since his childhood days.
187 people found this useful
Kona Coming To E3 As Part of The Indiecade Showcase
Indie survival & exploration title Kona will make an appearance as 1 of 100 titles available for play at the Indiecade booth at this year's E3.
Kona places players in Northern Canada in the 1970s as a strange blizzard blankets the town of Atamipak Lake. As a detective players must investigate this strange town, investigate the eerie happenings and survive.
A major update to Kona is planned for E3 which will bring improvements in how item combinations are generated. Player feedback provided developers at Parabole with the insight that coming up with combinations was just too cumbersome. Speaking about this change the CEO of Parabole, Alexandre Fiset said:
“Our community on both Steam and GOG.com helped us a lot by providing useful feedback and suggestions. One of their concerns was that combining items felt unintuitive and interactions sometimes were unclear. We listened to their feedback and came up with a better and easier way for players to interact with objects in the game”
Kona is currently available via Steam Early Access which gives players access to a 2 hour long demo version of the game. It is priced at $10.99 CDN.
[youtube id=”qiEkxfEAD2U”]
Source: Parabole press-release
Video shows Levant denouncing the group of elderly women, some in their eighties, and calling on hotel security to have them physically removed.
Looks like Ezra Levant's staged rallies aren't as glorious and free as he'd lead you to believe.
One week ago, the alt-right Rebel Media website owner threw a Twitter temper tantrum claiming “freedom of speech” was at stake after his followers were criticized for directing chants of “lock her up” at Alberta Premier Rachel Notley.
Levant's chanting followers were denounced by Wildrose leader Brian Jean and called “ridiculous” by PC leadership hopeful Jason Kenney – interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose even called them “idiots.”
But this week, after declaring he'll let “Albertans say whatever they want” at his next rally, Levant ordered hotel security to eject a small group of elderly women who sang the national anthem and performed humourous Christmas carols.
Many highlights from the rally. I won't lie: my favorite was hearing a room of 1,000 Albertans booing the NDP Raging Grannies out the door! — Ezra Levant ?? (@ezralevant) December 12, 2016
Seriously @ezralevant? You kicked out the Raging Grannies? Unbelievable. https://t.co/Faid9K56nw — Trevor Robb (@SunTrevorRobb) December 11, 2016
Ezra is freedom of speech warrior until he removes Raging Grannies to silence any dissenting views. https://t.co/voRtAGelrc — B D Hone (@BlairCalgary) December 12, 2016
Video streamed live by Rebel Media shows Levant denouncing the group of elderly women, some in their eighties, to his jeering followers and calling on hotel security to have them physically removed from the property:
“So, I'd like my friends to gently escort out the NDP extremists who've come to disrupt our event … While Rachel Notley's dirty tricksters attempt to disrupt our meeting, I'd like hotel security to ask Rachel Notley's dirty tricksters to leave.”
Ironic too, considering Levant and Rebel Media are known to crash other people's events.
But the Raging Grannies, who describe themselves as a “non-partisan activist group who use humour and song to comment on current events,” say they aren't “NDP extremists” – but they're “definitely pro-Canada”:
“We started singing ‘O Canada' and were still singing it as we were ushered out by hotel staff and security guards. We're definitely pro-Canada.”
Susan Stratton of the Calgary Raging Grannies flatly denies Levant's unsubstantiated accusation that the group of elderly protesters are a “New Democrat brigade” or were in some way dispatched by the Premier of Alberta to disrupt the event.
“Ezra Levant apparently grabbed the opportunity to twist our presence” to fit his agenda, Stratton told PressProgress, adding that the Raging Grannies generally “support the things we like that the government is doing and oppose those we don't like.”
Stratton added that her group believes “climate change is a crucially serious matter that demands action” and were simply exercising their constitutional right to sing “pro-carbon tax songs” set “to the tune of a Christmas carol”:
“We have written several pro-carbon tax songs, believing the many prominent economists – and petroleum producers – who say that the carbon tax is the most efficient and effective way to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions.”
Levant also boasts an impressive track record for making false statements.
During a 2014 defamation lawsuit, Levant's lawyer argued his client's words should not be taken literally due to his tendency to be “provocative” and “make outlandish comments.” An Ontario Superior Court judge disagreed and ordered Levant pay $80,000 in damages.
Here are a few other highlights from the event:
Death threats, noose on hockey stick, opponents kicked out … Calgary Rebel Media rally another goon show: https://t.co/wDOQPz58Y9 #Ableg — David Climenhaga (@djclimenhaga) December 12, 2016
Sask. MP Brad Trost denies climate change and gets standing ovation. Sigh. Embarrassed to be in the same province. https://t.co/pJcWVChUJB — Dr. Alec Couros (@courosa) December 12, 2016
I'm honestly surprised it took Derek Fildebrandt this long to start saying “Make Alberta Great Again” #ableg — Mack Lamoureux (@MackLamoureux) December 11, 2016
@calxandr comparing his being voted out as MP to O&G workers losing jobs due to economy. ARE YOU KIDDING ME!? #ableg — Kyle Bourke (@KyleBourke87) December 11, 2016
Bernard the Roughneck said he threw show at Legislature should throw show at media #YYC — Josie Lukey (@JosieLukey) December 11, 2016
We sent a reporter to cover the rally and report on what was said. Which she did: https://t.co/zG13E6Az4x . And she got this: pic.twitter.com/hYqhmx42pP — Rob Breakenridge (@RobBreakenridge) December 12, 2016
Jailing protestors, hacking the government, advocating violence against media … this rally has it all. #ableg #cdnpoli https://t.co/S5JuDMkWAC — Kathleen Smith (@KikkiPlanet) December 11, 2016
Photo: Rebel Media.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings. Getty/Justin Sullivan In January, NBC and Netflix had a public spat over who was better and more relevant to the future of television.
The fight centered on the data of one startup, SymphonyAM, which NBC claimed had figured out one of Netflix's big secrets: How many people were actually watching.
One of NBC's major points, expressed by its head of research, Alan Wurtzel, was that the so-called binge-watching revolution was mostly a bunch of smoke and mirrors.
He was wrong about this, primarily because he doesn't factor in the scale of Netflix's new content operations.
The theory
Wurtzel said that after a few weeks of binge-watching a Netflix show, viewers go back to "watching TV the way that God intended" — that is traditional, linear viewing — and the impact of the Netflix original goes away.
Wurtzel finished by declaring that Netflix was not a threat to traditional TV.
Was this what the data actually said?
Business Insider asked SymphonyAM CEO Charlie Buchwalter to clarify the data that led to Wurtzel's comments.
"When a streaming original goes live, for people that are drawn to it in the first week, it's going to take a significant portion of their viewership," Buchwalter said. "They go deep. They might have substituted 20-25% of time away from normal programming. Then when you get to 'week two,' that number goes to the teens, 15-20%, then by 'week three,' 8-9%. By the time the 'fourth week' comes, it kind of runs its course, and they return to other programming."
This makes sense. Because Netflix releases all the episodes of a show at once, it isn't surprising that it makes a big initial splash, and then goes away.
But that's when NBC's reasoning starts to go sideways.
The problem is that Wurtzel inherently assumes that there will only be a few big "splashes" (Netflix hits) a year. But if Netflix starts to produce enough quality shows, then the next "binge bomb" will go off before the effect of the last one has dissipated. And if that happens, then TV is in trouble, because there is no way Netflix doesn't steal at least some of its audience.
This seems like Netflix's plan. In January, Netflix's content chief, Ted Sarandos, announced Netflix would release 600 hours of original content this year, including over 30 original series.
Even if some of them flop, that's a lot of "first months" for traditional TV to contend with.
Native American trackers working to deter drug smuggling ride all-terrain vehicles on the Tohono O'Odham Indian Reservation near Arizona's border with Mexico. U.S. Customs/Getty Images
Four western U.S. states have decided to allow recreational marijuana sales, but legal pot may soon be within driving distance of many more Americans following a new Department of Justice decision.
In a memo released Thursday, the department outlined new policies allowing American Indian tribes to grow and sell marijuana on reservation lands.
Possession of marijuana is a federal crime, but the department announced in August 2013 it would allow states to regulate recreational marijuana sales. The nation's first recreational pot stores opened in Colorado and Washington this year.
Residents of Alaska, Oregon and the District of Columbia voted in November to also legalize marijuana, though Congress appears likely to block sales in the nation's capital.
The new federal policy will allow tribes interested in growing and selling marijuana to do so, if they maintain "robust and effective regulatory systems," John Walsh, the U.S. attorney for Colorado, told the Los Angeles Times.
Tribes will need to avoid eight enforcement triggers that currently apply to state marijuana sales, including a prohibition on sales to minors and the diversion of marijuana to states where it remains illegal under local law.
It's unclear how many tribes will take advantage of the policy directive. Some tribes are well-known for using their special legal status to host casinos or sell untaxed cigarettes, but addiction and substance abuse are major concerns for some communities.
Federally recognized tribal reservations are scattered around the country. Click here to see a more detailed map of reservation locations. U.S. Department of the Interior/U.S. Geological Survey
There are 326 federally recognized American Indian reservations, according to the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Many reservations are in states that don't allow marijuana for medical or recreational use, such as Oklahoma, Utah and the Dakotas. Others are located near major East Coast cities and far from legal pot stores in the West.
"The tribes have the sovereign right to set the code on their reservations," U.S. attorney for North Dakota Timothy Purdon, chairman of the Attorney General's Subcommittee on Native American Issues, told the Times.
In a statement, the Department of Justice said U.S. attorneys will review tribal marijuana policies on a case-by-case basis and that prosecutors retain the right to enforce federal law.
"Each U.S. attorney will assess the threats and circumstances in his or her district, and consult closely with tribal partners and the Justice Department when significant issues or enforcement decisions arise in this area," the statement says.
Kevin Sabet, a former presidential drug adviser and co-founder of the anti-legalization group Smart Approaches to Marijuana, says he's concerned the new policy opens the door to pockets of legalization across the country.
“A situation is quickly forming where people living in states who do not want legalization will in fact be living 10 minutes away from a marijuana store,” Sabet says.
Mason Tvert, a spokesman for the pro-legalization Marijuana Policy Project, says tribal leaders “will have a tremendous opportunity to improve public health and safety, as well as benefit economically” by legalizing marijuana.
“Regulating and taxing marijuana like alcohol would ensure the product is controlled, and it would bring significant revenue and new jobs to these communities,” Tvert says. “Studies have consistently found above-average rates of alcohol abuse and related problems among Native American communities, so it would be incredibly beneficial to provide adults with a safer recreational alternative."
Read the memo:
Updated on Dec. 11, 2014 : Reaction from Mason Tvert was added to this article.
As you may remember from part I, I became the cake-man (that's FCAIC or Fedora Community Action and Impact Coordinator) about three months ago. It has been an exciting adventure moving from an engineering role into one where I work as a kind of “Community Manager” or “Community Lead” that thinks about users and contributors as mechanics of keeping the project running smoothly. I'm writing today to update you on what I've been working on relative to my goals and to invite you to help me make it all even better. I'd also like to share some ideas about where to go from here.
How'd I do?
I listed four goals in part I:
Get to know the community
Budget.Next
FOSCo (and FAmSCo)
Fedora Docs Publishing
Get to know the community
As I mentioned before, this is a never-ending goal. I keep meeting amazing people focused on areas of the project which were not on my contribution radar before I became FCAIC. Passionate, intelligent and helpful people with real insights and experience have helped me so much in my first few months. I look forward to continuing to rely on them and hope that my contributions back have been helpful to them too.
As part of this goal I attended both FUDCon LATAM and FUDCon APAC. These two events were held at local universities in Puno, Peru and Phnom Penh, Cambodia. It was great to see how our contributors break down Fedora for these kinds of audiences. I also learned a lot about LATAM and APAC and how they fit into Fedora. As an American living in the Czech Republic I had a fairly good appreciation for NA and EMEA and I was glad to expand my knowledge.
I've discovered there are some challenges in all of our regions and that we need to make sure we are doing the right things. Some of it is just resourcing and some of it is working through culture on all sides to get people talking.
In the next few months I will be at DevConf.cz and FOSDEM. Fedora will have a strong presence at both conferences and I am looking forward to interacting with our Ambassadors and other attending contributors. I will be focused on several activities, including contributing to the Diversity FAD taking place during DevConf.cz and other meetings around Fedora topics. At FOSDEM I have the fantastic opportunity to help make the Distributions devroom happen with the world-famous Brian Stinson from CentOS.
If you're going to be near me, let me know so we can meet and say “hello.” I'll endeavor to keep my travel schedule on the Fedora vacation calendar so you can find me when I'm not at home.
As you know, Budget.Next is the project to change the way Fedora manages money. I've been working hard with the regional treasurers and credit card holders (Neville Cross (Yn1v), Mohd Izhar Firdaus Ismail (izhar), Abdel G. Martinez L. (potty), Zacharias Mitzelos (mitzie), Joerg Simon (jsimon), and Andrew Ward (award3535)) to put together a system that will meet our needs. Without data we can't make decisions. Data has been inconsistent in the project and the regions and we have worked together to fix this. More details will be posted in a longer article on the Fedora Community Blog later, however, the short version is that we have:
Built a data storage system using ledger, a plain text accounting system that has been packaged in Fedora for a while. Start writing of some basic reports to show the overall data and position for our project and the regions. Start rebuilding the budget website to display all the information.
I am sure we have a lot of lessons to discover as we move through this fiscal year, but I am very excited about having data on demand and being able to move the conversation forward from discussing numbers to discussing impact. Together we can make this process seamless and a model for other organizations that want to be transparent about their finances.
I am also working with the Council on our reimbursement policies and methods and looking at ways to improve our use of sponsored travel.
Interested in helping out? Feel free to contact me right now. On the technical side, I'd love some help from folks interested in Ruby, AsciiDoc, Jenkins, testing (CI – Continuous Integration) and automated deployments (CD – Continuous Deployment). On the policy and procedure side, let me know about ideas and help me draft a great way forward for us. This is a great project for new contributors and junior coders or system administrators.
FOSCo (and FAmSCo)
The Fedora Ambassador Steering Committee (FAmSCo) has just recently had an election welcoming in lots of new members. We didn't accomplish the goals related to creating an Outreach Steering Committee (FOSCo), but that's OK. Working with the members of the previous FAmSCo has taught me a lot about Ambassadors. I am excited to work with the new FAmSCo to support them as they look at ways to make our Ambassadors program stronger.
Fedora Docs publishing
Our documentation reboot work continues. The documentation team has decided to move to AsciiDoc and modular writing.
We haven't fully resolved the tooling, so there are still at least two proposals in motion. I am working on a proposal to use AsciiBinder as our main docs engine for the next few releases. I've been talking to the upstream and they are excited by the project. I've been shamelessly using my work on the budget website to help model this.
There is also some exciting work going on in figuring out modular writing with work being driven by several folks, including Shaun McCance and Petr Bokoc. What is modular writing? It is a way of putting together discrete text into larger units that answer user stories. Confused? You won't be after reading this fantastic explanation by Petr.
I'm still working toward my personal goal of us having a new publication solution by Fedora 26.
Interested in helping out? Get involved with the Docs Project or feel free to contact me right now. On the technical side, I'd love some help from folks interested in format conversions (DocBook->AsciiDoc – think perl, python, bash, etc.), ruby, AsciiDoc, Jenkins, testing (CI – Continuous Integration) and automated deployments (CD – Continuous Deployment). We also need help on the writing side with modular writing and general updates.
What's next?
For the next few months, I'd like to focus on the following:
Get to know the community
Budget.Next
FAmSCo and FOSCo
Fedora Docs Publishing
Events
Packaging
So my four goals from last quarter are still ongoing efforts. That's cool, some, like getting to know the community will hopefully never end! To these goals, I am adding:
Events
Flock 2017 bidding has opened and I am looking forward to helping make that event happen. If you're in North America, get your bids in now!
I've started a pair of conversations on the council-discuss mailing list about Flock and FUDCon. We have lots of opportunities and we need to figure out how to best use our people and resources to accomplish our goals. Please join in and let everyone know how we can make our events work even better for us in the future.
Packaging
No major initiatives here, my interest here is personally focused. The situation is that I have never packaged anything in Fedora before. That is a huge area of activity for us, so I am putting together my first package submission, bringing DayJournal to Fedora. I've been receiving amazing feedback from Igor Gnatenko and Neal Gompa in my packaging ticket and I hope to reach completion and approval soon.
So there you have it. Let me know if I've missed anything. Let me know if you have input into what I'm doing or want to help. And by all means let me know what we can work on together. I can't do it all alone (and I don't want too!) and I can't even help with everything I want to, but I want to make sure my work is helping the community move forward.
Read more over at the Fedora Magazine where this was originally posted.
This release is probably, by far, one of my least favorite collectibles in retro gaming.
The Sega Master System version of Sonic was the last and final title in US, roughly in October of 1991. This game, along with several others (listed below) were originally released in PAL countries and instead of making an NTSC version, they just slapped some US UPC stickers on the cases and imported them. The reasoning was presumably that the Master System was basically dead in the States by that time. With Sega of America busy pushing the Genesis, these releases would not have been a priority.
Everything about this game and packaging is the same as a European release with with the exception of the UPC sticker placed on the outside of the case.
I believe the other games were Strider, Golden Axe Warrior and Spider-Man. Prices for those three are really all over the place depending on how it's listed and how sick someone is of looking for a copy. You really shouldn't pay more than $20 – $50 for either of these with patience, although I have seen a Golden Axe sell for $90.
As for Soinc, you are looking at $500 -$1000 in general. This has sold for $900 and $600 in the past, so I'm not sure what the going rate for it right now is.
Auction Here
Yorke, who had worked the previous day for BeIN Sports as a pundit on United's UEFA Europa League win over French club St Etienne, confirmed the story to Sky Sports after colleague Richard Keys tweeted the news.
Well done @realDonaldTrump. Man U ambassador Dwight Yorke denied transit access to Miami because he has Iranian stamp in passport. #crazy — Richard Keys (@richardajkeys) February 17, 2017
The Iranian stamp in Yorke's passport related to him playing in a charity match in Tehran, in 2015.
That charity match in Tehran featured Yorke on a World Stars team that also included Luis Figo, Roberto Carlos, Fabio Cannavaro, Marcel Desailly and Edgar Davids.
"I couldn't quite believe what was happening" Yorke told The Sun.
"I have lost count of the number of times I have been to America, I love the country, yet I was being made to feel like a criminal.
"I had bought my ticket and checked in and was about to get on the flight when I was stopped by two officials. I thought 'what is happening here?'.
"They told me there was a visa problem and a red flag had come up against my name because of an Iranian stamp in my passport. I went there to play in a legend match to open a stadium and didn't even stay overnight.
"The two officials told me if I got on the flight I would simply be deported back to Qatar once I arrived in the States. I tried to explain I didn't even live in Qatar and was just trying to get to my home in the Caribbean."
US President Donald Trump had issued an executive order banning travellers from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, from entering the US for 90 days.
The ban has since been suspended in a series of court rulings for constitutional reasons but Yorke still claims to have been prevented from entering the country.
MIAMI -- With the way the Miami Heat's assistant coaches, armed with handheld football pads, mauled LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh as they drove into the lane at the end of Monday's practice, one might think the star trio were actually running backs preparing for a big game.
Instead, the Heat were just preparing for a physical battle on the court in Tuesday's season opener against the Chicago Bulls. After the Heat staff brought out the football pads to practice for the first time this preseason, the message is clear.
LeBron James and the Miami Heat will have much more than Joakim Noah to deal with in the season opener. Derrick Rose, Kirk Hinrich and Luol Deng are back in the fold for the Bulls after missing the Eastern Conference finals last season. Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
"We don't like them, they don't like us," James said of the Bulls after the drill. "It's not unheard of. We all know how it is."
Was it a coincidence that they busted out the football gear before facing Tom Thibodeau's famed defense in Chicago?
"No, not at all," Bosh said after the 20-minute drill. "It's all planned. We know they're big, physical and we know we have to finish."
The Heat expect the Bulls to be extra motivated Tuesday, and not just because it marks point guard Derrick Rose's first game back since suffering a torn ACL in April 2012. The Heat will also be raising their 2012-13 championship banner and getting their rings before the game, and it's not lost them that they ended the Bulls' season in the Eastern Conference semifinals just five months ago.
"It doesn't matter who it is," James said of the opponent for the opener. "But we like the fact that it's the Bulls."
Not that the Bulls will be watching. Instead, they'll be in the locker room, coach Tom Thibodeau said Monday.
"That's their ceremony, not ours," Rose said. "If we were getting our rings there would be a little bit of a distraction, but for us we know that we got to stay focused, come together as a team, and really take their first hit because they're definitely going to be on charge."
The Bulls have been here before. After the Heat won the title in 2006, the Bulls were in Miami for opening night and the banner raising ceremony. Chicago blasted Miami 108-66. Only Udonis Haslem and Wade remain from that team, while Luol Deng and Kirk Hinrich are the only Bulls who were around then.
Two large dams on a river in northern France will be demolished after the French government finally signed off on a long-gestating plan to free up the waterway, in a decision welcomed by environmental groups and lauded as “unique in Europe” by Paris.
In early 2018, work will begin on removing the 35 metre-high Vezins and the 15 metre-high ‘La Roche qui boit' dams from the Sélune river in Normandy, after nearly a century of the barriers producing hydropower for the region.
France has been toying with the idea of demolishing the dams for nearly eight years but last week Ecology Minister Nicolas Hulot announced that the government had given the plan the green light.
“Rehabilitating the ecological continuity of the river shows this ministry's commitment to reclaiming biodiversity,” Hulot said, adding that this kind of projects should be a priority in the government's efforts to reduce the effects of climate change.
The government insisted that there is no risk of flooding but that safety assessments would still be carried out during and after the demolition works.
Romanian state-owned hydro firm hit with heavy fine Romania's Competition Council has hit state-owned energy firm Hidroelectrica and ten other companies with fines totalling €37 million after an investigation into anti-competitive contracts. EURACTIV Romania reports.
Big benefits
Environmental groups have lauded the decision, as the two dams have long prevented migratory salmon and other species of marine animals from making their way along the waterway.
“Removing these obstacles will help rewild the entire 90kms of the Sélune, allowing the fish to migrate and sediment to flow and rapidly boosting the river's biodiversity,” explained Roberto Epple, head of the European Rivers Network (ERN).
Sediment transport had rapidly emerged as one of the most problematic aspects of the dams' existence on the river, as 400,000 cubic metres had built up behind the upper dam as of 2014. This meant the water quality of the reservoir behind the barrier had begun to severely deteriorate.
With the dams' removal, which is slated to be completed by Autumn 2019 at the earliest, areas along the river can take advantage of increased tourism opportunities, including angling and water-sports. However, green groups also called on Hulot to set a binding timeframe for the work.
Chairman of the North Atlantic Salmon Fund Orri Vigfússon wrote in an open letter that the Sélune could become one of the premier locations in Europe for angling and estimated that 5,000 extra salmon could return to the river once the dams are gone.
Member states are required by the EU's Water Framework Directive to ensure their waterways are clean and ecologically healthy.
The demolition of the dams will be the largest scale projects of their kind in Europe and WWF Europe's Martina Mlinaric praised France “for leading the way on dam removal, thereby actively helping rivers and their ecosystems recover from [their] disruptive effects”.
Balkan dam boom threatens Europe's last wild waterways More is known about rivers in the Amazon than Europe's last wild waterways in the Balkans. But these unique ecosystems in southeast Europe could soon be gone, along with endangered species such as the Balkan lynx, if plans for over 2,000 dams go ahead, conservationists warn.
Emissions bonus?
An unexpected effect of dam removal could be a reduction in methane emissions, as the reservoirs behind dams have been found by recent scientific studies to produce more of the greenhouse gas than previously thought.
According to a study produced by BioScience, large-scale hydroelectric dams around the world produce methane thanks to their artificial reservoirs, where rotting vegetation beneath the surface of the water is estimated to emit a billion tonnes of the gas annually.
Methane has a far greater global warming potential than carbon dioxide, although it stays in the atmosphere for fraction of the time. It is emitted from a variety of sources, including the agricultural sector and fossil fuel industries.
If France's decision to remove its two dams sparks a movement of demolishing old and obsolete dams, then methane reduction efforts in Europe could be boosted, as well as the other environmental bonuses.
Abandoned wells pump thousands of tonnes of 'fugitive' emissions into North Sea Thousands of tonnes of methane could be leaking into the North Sea every year from disused offshore oil and gas wells, according to a new study.
The writer and director will talk about 'Chiraq' on Thursday at St. Sabina. View Full Caption Mireya Acierto/Getty Images
UPDATE: Spike Lee Says "Chiraq" Naysayers Will 'Look Stupid' In Time. Click here.
AUBURN GRESHAM — Spike Lee is coming to Chicago to talk "Chiraq."
The Academy Award-nominated director, who has gotten grief for calling his planned film set on the South Side "Chiraq" in an apparent nod to the area's gun violence, will be at St. Sabina Church in Auburn Gresham Thursday.
He'll hold a morning press conference — with actor John Cusack and co-writer Kevin Willmott on hand — to talk about the film, the details of which continue to trickle out.
Rather than a violence-scarred drama about South Side violence, it will be a musical comedy, reported Screen Daily. And sources confirm it will be a remake of "Lysistrata," Aristophanes' ancient Greek comedy about how women withheld sex to try to stop the Peloponnesian War. In Lee's version, the women of the South Side try the same to end the violence.
The Rev. Michael Pfleger is hosting Thursday's press conference at St. Sabina, 1210 W. 78th Pl. Purpose Over Pain, a group for Chicago parents who have lost children to gun violence will be present.
On Saturday, the church let a talent agency hold a casting call at the St. Sabina Academy, 7801 S. Throop St.
Crews plan to film in Chicago in Englewood and other neighborhoods starting later this month and continuing through July.
Cusack will appear in the film. While Kanye West won't star in the film, there are discussions that he will get involved with the soundtrack, Screen Daily reported.
Lee's project has stirred up controversy among some city politicians and residents, mainly because of the title that compares the city to a war zone.
Ald. Will Burns (4th) called the film's name an "insult" and at a City Council meeting last week, he submitted a resolution that asks the Illinois Film Office to deny the director a $3 million tax credit for the film if he kept the title.
But Pfleger said that Burns should at least give the script a chance. On Facebook, Pfleger said, “Very disappointing to see Ald. Will Burns trying to block the tax break for Spike Lee's movie. He has not seen the script, nor know the story line, but wants to ignore an iconic Director his First Amendment Right! Perhaps with 112 Killed and 607 Shot in Chicago in the first 4 months of 2015, we should be much more concerned with the reality of loss of life than a name of a movie we don't know anything about yet…”
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Yesterday, I published a press release titled Tree ring widths more affected by sheep than temperature in which researchers in Norway published a peer reviewed study stating:
“We found tree ring widths were more affected by sheep than the ambient temperature at the site, although temperatures were still visible in the tree ring records. This shows that the density of herbivores affects the tree ring record, at least in places with slow-growing trees.”
They went on to say that “This study does not mean that using tree rings to infer past climate is flawed as we can still see the effect of temperatures on the rings…”, but according to MM05 below, that doesn't seem to be fully accurate.
John Muir (founder of the Sierra Club) described them as “hooved locusts”.
From MM05:
There is one other issue that needs to be canvassed and eliminated prior to reliance on bristlecone pines. The pulse in bristlecone pine growth is contemporaneous with a pulse in woody plant growth throughout the American Southwest, attributed to overgrazing by sheep in the late 19th Century (see Figure 8), …which in turn followed the extension of the railroads [Allen, 1998; Allen et al., 1998]. Sheep differ from otherspecies in that they will completely destroy grasslands by eating down to the roots, leaving barrens [Allen, 1998]. Although Allen [1998] only documented the expansion of pinyon pines and junipers into terrain formerly occupied by 19th century grasslands, Allen (2004, pers. comm.) did not exclude the possibility of a similar effect involved in anomalous 20th century growth for bristlecone pines, but was unaware of any studies on the topic. There is a published reference to the introduction of large commercial sheep flocks in the late 19th century in the White Mountains CA [St. Andre et al. 1967], where the key sites of Sheep Mountain and Campito Mountain are located. The founder of the Sierra Club, John Muir, complained of the depredations of sheep in the Sierra Nevadas (adjacent to the White Mountains) as “hoofed locusts” [Muir, 1911]. Carl Purpus, a late 19th century botanical collector in the Sierra Nevadas, stated in 1896 that commercial flocks had cleaned out all grass to the top of Old Mt Whitney [present-day Mount Langley, which reaches 4,280 m] [Ertter, 1988]. Allen (pers. comm., 2004) said that there was a large commercial sheep trail at Jicarita Peak NM, another bristlecone pine site studied by LaMarche and Stockton [1974]. In severe high-altitude terrain, even after the departure of commercial flocks, a small population of bighorn sheep could prevent the re-establishment of grass (Leslie Thomas, Colorado Springs, landscape architect, pers. comm.) Since grass (and other herbs) compete with pines for scarce moisture, one can hardly exclude, on a priori basis, thepossibility of a connection between anomalous 20th century growth rates of bristlecone pines and a growth release following 19th century overgrazing, as experienced elsewhere in the American Southwest.
http://www.climateaudit.info/pdf/mcintyre.ee.2005.pdf
Like the many other factors in Leibigs law affecting plant growth, sheep are just one more variable not considered by Mann et al. The evidence keeps mounting that that hockey stick is made of woody assumptions that don't hold up under scrutiny.
Ironically, The Sheep Albedo Feedback posited by Real Climate regular Ray Pierrehumbert is starting to look plausible. [/sarc Actually it was a slam at MM05]
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
On June 20-21st the international community will remember the 20th anniversary of the last UN Conference on Development and Sustainability in Rio de Janeiro.
There is little reason to celebrate this anniversary. Though we have witnessed stunning economic progress in East Asia, the Gulf and several Latin American countries, the inequalities of living conditions on earth have widened further; the global population has grown by almost two billion more people, and C02 emissions have gone up by more than one fifth since 1990.
Altogether, the planet has become substantially less sustainable since 1992; and Humanity is heading for disaster if it fails to wake up to the issues that it will be facing in the coming decades.
The 2012 Rio Conference on Sustainable Development is therefore more than appropriate.
It will focus on seven priority areas: jobs, energy, cities, food security, water supply, oceans and disaster readiness. Each of these is very important for the future of Humanity. But it will be next to impossible to address them effectively while ignoring rapid population growth as one of the underlying basic causes.
As long as global population keeps growing by some 80 million annually. the planet will not be sustainable The overriding objective for Rio should therefore be an agreement among all 200-odd participant countries to actively promote the two-children family.
Every new-born should be entitled to share the blessings of modern civilisation, from food, to water, electricity, housing,sanitation, health and education.
But with every new born it will become more difficult to provide such blessings; on the contrary, persistent population growth will make it more difficult to contain environmental damage and climate change.
Rio+20 should therefore proclaim the right of all women to have free access to reproductive health and contraceptives. Giving all women the choice to freely meet their demands for contraceptives and reproductive health services, would help to reduce global emissions of green house gases in 2050 by 17 per cent, according to UN estimates.
Population growth may no longer be a vital issue for China and other medium income countries.
But it will still be the single major handicap for higher living standards in sub-Sahara African countries. These countries are not only the poorest on earth but also those witnessing a population explosion that defies all historical experience: How can sub-Sahara Africa cope with a further demographic surge, doubling its population from one to two billion people within less than 40 years, while being unable to properly employ, feed, educate and care its present population!
Author : Eberhard Rhein
Germany is more commonly associated with sausages of all kinds, but the number one street food that is found everywhere is Turkish döner kebap sandwich.
A worker piles meat on a stick in a Kebab production hall in Berlin September 5, 2006. (TRT World and Agencies)
For several decades, the Turkish 'döner' kebab has been one of Germany's most popular fast food items.
But a new generation of döner sellers are looking to expand on the winning formula… with some interesting and creative results.
There are over 40,000 kebab shops across Germany, with Berlin leading the pack at 4,000, interestingly more than Turkey's most populous city, Istanbul.
The German capital is closely followed by Munich, Frankfurt, Hamburg and Stuttgart.
TRT World's Ira Spitzer has more from Germany's capital.
Source: TRTWorld and agencies
Lawrence Kasdan—a Lucasfilm veteran who wrote or cowrote scripts and screenplays for Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi—is now cowriting the script for Star Wars: Episode VII alongside JJ Abrams. Commenting on the switch at StarWars.com, Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy praised Kasdan by saying "there are very few people who fundamentally understand the way a Star Wars story works like Larry."
Today's news means Michael Arndt, the original writer slated to handle Episode VII, is no longer involved. Arndt boasted an award-winning background that included Little Miss Sunshine and Toy Story 3, but his resume did not contain the intimate Lucasfilm knowledge of Kasdan. "Michael Arndt has done a terrific job bringing us to this point, and we have an amazing filmmaking and design team in place already prepping for production," Kennedy noted.
In addition to the staffing news, today's announcements updated the current status of Episode VII. Preliminary work such as location scouting, production design, casting, and costume design is all underway. The staff list involved in those aspects of the film reads like a modern sci-fi dream, with a director of photography who worked on both modern Star Trek films and a special effects supervisor with Skyfall, Dark Knight Rises, and Inception in his resume. According to the site, shooting for Episode VII is set to begin in Spring 2014 with a goal of releasing the film in 2015.
What do you think of the latest news in the Episode VII creation saga? We were quick to weigh in back when Disney first acquired the Star Wars universe, and forum threads exist for all of it (Arndt's and JJ Abrams' credentials included). Share your latest thoughts on the fate of the galaxy below.
EUGENE, Ore. –
Oregon sophomore pitcher Kenyon Yovan
has been named a Collegiate Baseball first-team preseason All-American.
Yovan
is one of two relief pitchers named to the team. He earned the honor after putting together a stellar freshman season. The Ducks' closer was named first-team All-American by the National Collegiate Baseball Writers of America (NCBWA), while claiming second-team All-America recognition from
Collegiate Baseball
. The right-handed pitcher was one of five finalists for the NCBWA Stopper of the Year Award, while also being named one of four National Freshmen of the Year by
Collegiate Baseball,
a first-team Freshman All-American by Baseball America and a second-team Freshman All-American by D1Baseball.
(Beaverton, Ore. / Westview HS)Yovan, a first-team All-Pac-12 Conference selection, finished his first year in Eugene with 15 saves, which tied for fourth nationally following the regular season, and had a 1.97 ERA with a 1-1 record. The Ducks' stopper struck out 36 and walked just six in 32 innings pitched. He picked up a save in half of Oregon's 30 wins and finished with the fourth-most saves in school history.
EXCLUSIVE: Wolf of Wall Street DVD will be an HOUR longer - with even more F-bombs and longer sex scenes
The DVD version of the Wolf of Wall Street will feature another hour's worth of explicit sex scenes and F-bombs, it was revealed today.
Producers confirmed to MailOnline that the movie - already under fire for its F-bombs - will feature the extra content and viewers will have the option of watching a four-hour version.
Leonardo Di Caprio as Jordan Belfort will unleash longer rants and viewers will see more of his 'Duchess' wife Margot Robbie.
Scroll down for video
Sex: DVD viewers will see longer scenes between DiCaprio and Margot Robbie compared to the movie version
True to form: Producers of the movie said they wanted to show the full four-hour version to really capture Scorcese's vision of Belfort's debauchery
However Joey McFarland and Riza Aziz insisted the most extreme scenes are in the movie theater version currently showing, or it would have 'sanitized' the debauchery, deceit and insanity of Belfort - who served almost two years on jail for his crimes.
McFarland and Aziz, speaking exclusively at the Directors Guild of America Awards, revealed Scorsese originally shot a four-hour version, which was edited down for its initial release.
The extra 60 minutes will be released in the DVD and Blu Ray release later this spring.
The flick - nominated for the best picture Oscar - had a record 506 F words - 231 less than in Belfort's original book.
When asked what about what percentage of expletives fans can expect in the DVD release.
Riza, who runs Red Granite Pictures with McFarland, added:'It's tough! You figure another hour so I'd figure another 25% more! I've never done an F Bomb count. I am sure there's plenty more!'
And for nude scenes, he continued: 'I think a bit, the sex scenes run a little longer but nothing extreme.'
Controversial: The flick - nominated for the best picture Oscar - had a record 506 F words
McFarland said: 'I think we are going to have some good surprises to be honest with you the movie is not much different in its longer form, it's just longer versions of scenes.
'Nothing really got cut out so it's a lot more of what you've already seen.'
McFarland, who helped finance the movie, defended its controversial content and the high level of profanity.
He admitted that Di Caprio, Scorsese and film bosses knew that the F bomb count would help get them publicity. But they insisted sanitizing the story would have ruined the movie's success.
Joey added: 'The reality of it is we didn't want to make a formulated movie that we've all seen like the classic rise and fall on Wall Street - that was boring to us.
'We really wanted to show the path of an individual that left a wake of destruction behind him and you experience this story through his eyes.
'He didn't think about the victims, he didn't think about what was behind him; it was just about more, more, more and looking forward.
Producers Joey McFarland and Riza Aziz spoke to MailOnline at the Directors Guild of America Awards
'We just wanted to show this one guy's debauched journey.'
Despite the sex and profanity The Wolf Of Wall Street is close to banking $200m worldwide - an astonishing success for an R-rated movie.
Wolf lost out to Gravity for best picture director at the Directors Guild of America Outstanding Directorial Achievement Awards at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza in Los Angeles.
Back in April it was reported that things weren't looking good for French camera maker Aaton, but just a week later that situation looked to be resolved, with the company finding a partner to continue operations. Thanks to Jon Fauer, we now know that partner is Transvideo, and the two companies will remain separate but work together on certain projects down the road. Now, another camera maker, this time Ikonoskop of Sweden, appears to be in trouble.
First, here's Transvideo on the Aaton partnership:
Aaton and Transvideo became sister companies, they share ideas and expertise to develop the most effective tools - picture and sound - that filmmakers expect from the two companies to be more open and creative.
The next machine by Aaton will be the Cantar-X3 audio recorder. Thereafter, you can expect to have a new "cat on the shoulder"!
While that's a bit of good news, here's a bit of bad from another European camera maker. This was in an email sent out from Olle Holmertz at Ikonoskop, maker of the A-Cam dll digital Super 16mm camera:
Ikonoskop temporarily stops the production of the A-Cam dll cameras due to a strained financial situation. The management of the company is working to find a solution to this and hope to start up the production soon again.
Ikonoskop is an innovative and design-driven film camera manufacturer with products that are characterized by simplicity, versatility and functionality. Over the last year Ikonoskop has been at the forefront of a new generation of digital film cameras. The A-Cam DII was the first camera to use the CinemaDNG RAW format and has been praised by filmmakers for its excellent image quality and versatility. Ikonoskop AB is a privately held company based in Stockholm, Sweden.
While it might seem strange combining these two into one post, both companies make a camera that is in exactly the same situation. Even though they will continue on as a company, Aaton is likely ending production on the Penelope Delta, a camera that faced steep competition in the cinema camera market. I was a big fan of some of the advancements in the Super 35mm CCD uncompressed RAW camera, but with Arri, RED, Canon, and Sony all with their own competitors offering quality in the same ballpark at lower prices or with trusted results, it would have been an uphill battle either way to carve its own place in the market. Once Blackmagic releases their 4K global shutter camera, things will probably get even more interesting.
As for Ikonoskop, their A-Cam dll is a Super 16mm CCD uncompressed RAW camera with an interesting physical design and great looking footage -- in a market that is filled with cheaper cameras that get you much of the way there for less money (the dII is over $10K for a working package, though I would imagine it's more of a rental for most people anyway). Those who understand the Super 16mm aesthetic and why CCDs are good likely make up a minority in the camera-buying world, but it only takes something like the Blackmagic Pocket Camera to understand that price is a huge factor for many when you're pushing a less popular format.
While this may only be a blip, it's always unfortunate to see companies like this go, especially when their products can produce images like this:
http://vimeo.com/36804057
For more information about Ikonoskop or their cameras, check out their website.
Links:
Tom Francis is a former writer for PC Gamer and current game developer. He's been playing Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain and writing up his thoughts on his personal website. We've been enjoying his musings and he agreed to let us share them with you here. You can follow the development of Tom's next game, Heat Signature, at its official site.
Almost every game that lets you take people out lethally or non-lethally presents it as a choice between pragmatism and ethics: killing is easier, but tranqing is nicer. That's true in MGS V too, but it adds something else to that choice that solves a problem I've had with these games for ages.
The ability to play a game nonlethally lets you adopt that policy as your character's moral code, and that makes your game persona a little more sympathetic. By the same token, it also demonises the act of killing: it's no longer possible to claim it's necessary, because you often have the developer's word that it isn't. To kill is now either the act of a sadistic monster, or an unsatisfying compromise made because you either couldn't or couldn't be bothered to pull off the non-lethal option.
So the ways of playing these games—including my own—boil down to:
1. Do everything nonlethally forever, no matter how difficult or boring it becomes.
2. Kill everyone, playing the role of a psychotic monster who usually clashes with both the story and your own ability to embody your character.
3. Stop caring about the distinction and do a messy mix of both, as your mood or the situation dictates.
It's probably clear from the way I've phrased these that I don't find any of them entirely satisfactory. Very few games make the purely nonlethal option inherently fun – the faint satisfaction of knowing you've done the ‘right' thing is balanced against how boring and time consuming the methods were, how many cool tools you weren't allowed to use, and how utterly fake the whole charade is—you're usually only doing it this way because you have divine knowledge that the world has been architected to make it possible.
Mechanically, I like the third option. I like having a lot of tools. Option 1 makes lethal tools forbidden, and option 2 makes nonlethal tools pointless. But by itself, option 3 doesn't give you any particular reason to use both sets, so it can feel kind of empty.
That's the thing MGS V fixes. With an early upgrade to your binoculars, you can scan every soldier to see how good they are at a variety of different tasks. If they're any good, it's worth taking them out non-lethally, because you can then tie a balloon to them, send them up into the sky, have your colleagues collect them with a passing plane, fly them to the Seychelles, drop them off at an offshore base, persuade them to change sides to your private mercenary corp, then put them in full-time, devotedly loyal employment in the division of your base that their talents best suit.
I'll be honest, this was not my next guess for how games would ultimately fix this problem.
But it does work.
You have to disengage with the moral aspect completely, of course—you're now operating in a pretty grotesque fantasy land where no-one has a will that can't be bent to serve your own. You can shoot a person 7 times in the knees and then make them work in your box-delivery department forever, and they will salute you on sight and thank you if you punch them. You could read it as parody or an ugly dominance fantasy, but I suspect it's just where a series of cool systems ideas led them, and they didn't much mind that it was narratively mad. Luckily, neither do I.
It works because there's now a strong practical reason to use nonlethal tactics for some guards, and lethal for others. This guard has an A in Engineering and this one has a B in Intel, so I'll tranq those two and kill the rest. You don't have to kill the rest, but as in most games it's easier: you have more powerful, more varied, and more satisfying tools to do it, and it eliminates them from the complicated patrol equation: people don't get up from death.
Pure lethal and pure nonlethal are still options, but by fleshing out option 3 with interesting systems, it makes it clear how much less interesting they really are. Fine for an experimental or role-playing playthrough, but monotonous compared to the juice you can get out of that choice if you let it vary situationally.
In other games, the “kill or tranq?” question asks you to pick one of two possible playthroughs at the start, and it takes a dozen hours to finish enunciating your answer. MGS V lets it become an ongoing debate.
This article was originally posted on pentadact.com.
Need more Metal Gear? Check out the rest of our coverage or read our review.
A former aide to Republican Rep. Trent Franks has told The Associated Press the congressman repeatedly pressed her to carry his child, at one point offering her $5 million to act as a surrogate.
The eight-term Arizona lawmaker abruptly resigned Friday, bowing to an ultimatum from Speaker Paul Ryan. Ryan told Franks that he would refer the allegations to the Ethics Committee, and urged him to step aside.
The former staffer said the congressman asked at least four times if she'd be willing to act as a surrogate in exchange for money. Franks, in his statement announcing his resignation, said he and his wife have struggled with infertility.
The Associated Press verified the identity of the staffer, who asked that her name be withheld out of concern for her privacy, and confirmed that she worked in Franks' office.
Listeners to Boston Public Radio got a bit of a surprise early Thursday afternoon, when President Obama placed an unannounced call to the network while outgoing Governor Deval Patrick (D-MA) was in the studio:
BRAUDE: "Hello, sir. Yes, you're on with Gov. Deval Patrick." OBAMA: "Uh, Governor, this is Barack Obama, formerly of Somerville. I've got a few complaints about service in and around the neighborhood, but I've moved down south since that time..."
Obama goes on to talk about how great he thinks Patrick is for most of the three-minute segment. But before the president hung up, host Jim Braude went for the jugular, quizzing Obama on his decades of disrespect for the law:
BRAUDE: "Mr. President, you paid all those parking tickets in Somerville, correct?" OBAMA: "You know what, I think I had to before I took office, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to step into the Commonwealth without being arrested."
Back in 2007, it was revealed that Obama had been given 17 parking tickets in Cambridge and Somerville between 1988 and 1991, but only bothered to pay off two of them during that period. As the president says, the remaining $115 in fines and $260 in late fees were finally paid off on January 26, 2007 — just two weeks before he officially began his first presidential campaign.
The Baltimore Ravens cornerback situation has not been pretty with this off-season. Baltimore has Jimmy Smith, and then a long list of candidates to be starting cornerbacks. Depth is also a problem for the Ravens, as back-to-back seasons they've taken practice squad members all across the NFL to be starters for the club. Maybe Tracy Porter could help.
The last five years for Mr. Porter haven't been the most ideal, jumping from New Orleans to Denver to Oakland to Washington to Chicago, the man has been a journeyman. But for a low cost the Ravens could possibly acquire the skilled CB to help build a better defense.
The last three seasons Tracy's statline: 107 combined tackles, 1.5 sacks, and 3 interceptions. These numbers could easily be helpful to Baltimore, and with little cap space Baltimore cannot search out huge deals. Porter will not be in range to acquire a mega-deal like Josh Norman or Prince Amukamara. The Ravens don't have the money either for Norman or Amukamara. Both groups are both looking for something similar, and maybe a deal could be in the works come free agency.
ON DECEMBER 23 , the day before Christmas Eve, the United States' largest mall moved to shut down a potential landmark Black Lives Matter demonstration before it even really began.
Management at the shopping center, Mall of America, located just outside Minneapolis, had stores lower their metal security gates about half an hour before the protest started, part of a “lockdown” that cleared shoppers from that wing of the mall. Only moments after Black Lives Matter organizers entered the mall's east rotunda, the cousin of Jamar Clark, whose death at the hands of police was the center of the protest, was led away by a throng of police. Organizers directed demonstrators to exit the mall toward the light-rail station. As protesters walked out, the mall broadcast a looping announcement in a friendly Midwestern voice: “Mall of America is now going into lockdown. Seek shelter in the nearest store, and follow employee instructions.”
In an earlier victory, mall attorneys won restraining orders against three protest organizers, even as they lost a more ambitious bid to force Black Lives Matter Minneapolis to take down all mentions of the protest on social media and to declare the demonstration cancelled.
A year earlier, Black Lives Matter protesters were able to spend close to 90 minutes in the shopping center, chanting slogans and staging a “die in.” This December, Mall of America threw its massive security and legal resources behind stifling the Black Lives Matter protest. Although the activists still managed to have mall stores shuttered during the holiday shopping period, organizers redirected the protest to the airport (Black Lives Matter Minneapolis says this facility, not the mall, was its real target all along).
Mall of America's ability to so zealously suppress the December 23 protest there highlights how, in a nation where more and more public life takes place in privatized spaces, the ability to exercise First Amendment rights has become increasingly contingent. From Zuccotti Park to Twitter, some of the last decade's most iconic venues for dissent have been privately run. In cities like New York, privately owned public spaces have been proliferating for several decades, racing ahead of the case law that will ultimately decide their relationship to Constitutional rights. And legal experts expect social media to be a primary subject of First Amendment battles for decades to come.
“In the eyes of the law, those spaces for speech can be shut down and subject to arbitrary censorship in ways that the public square cannot,” said Teresa Nelson, legal director for the ACLU of Minnesota. “We either need to resolve to give up our First Amendment rights or get them to shift along with our changing technology.”
Legal arguments that free political speech should be allowed at malls center around the idea that the shopping center has replaced the town square as a place where opinions can be heard and exchanged. Besides an on-site police station, the Mall of America features an amusement park and a wedding chapel, and hosts morning walkers. The publicly funded light rail line was designed to draw residents and tourists to its doors; the mall is the line's last stop.
In a statement, Mall of America said its ban on political protests is in place to protect guest and employee safety, adding, “We respect the rights of free speech and peaceful assembly. However, the courts have affirmed our right as private property owners to prohibit demonstrations on our property.”
Unfortunately for those seeking to exercise dissent, a 43-year-old Supreme Court ruling tilted the judicial playing field in favor of the people who own spaces like Mall of America, leaving civil liberties activists to seek stronger First Amendment protections on a case by case, and often state by state, basis.
Since the modern mall was born in Minnesota in 1956, its place as a new form of city center has been debated.
Southdale Mall, located in the Minneapolis suburb of Edina, was designed by Victor Gruen, a Jewish, Viennese, socialist refugee who'd come to the U.S. fleeing the Nazis, according to a 2004 New Yorker piece. Gruen's mall was meant to actualize a utopian vision of a city's downtown. Southdale was supposed to be the centerpiece of a 463-acre project that included a park, a lake, housing, schools, and doctors' offices. The mall was organized around a central plaza, with a fishpond, caged birds, and a café, a prototype that was repeated as malls sprouted across the U.S.
Of course, the mall was also designed to draw consumers smoothly from store to store, keeping them buying even on cold days in Minnesota. Over the years that part of Gruen's project was enhanced, while the community-oriented elements fell away, stripping the architect's vision to its purely commercial elements.
A Supreme Court ruling a decade before Southdale's construction would lay the groundwork for the idea of the mall as a legal bastion for political speech. In 1946, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Marsh v. Alabama that a Jehovah's Witness had the right to hand out religious pamphlets in a company town owned by the Gulf Shipbuilding Corporation. The privately owned town, according to the court, functioned just like a municipality, and thus the First Amendment applied on its streets.
But a 1972 ruling pivoted the legal system away from the idea that the a more private entity welcomes in the public, the more speech protections it must offer. In Lloyd Corp., Ltd. v. Tanner, the Supreme Court decided that Vietnam War protesters in Portland, Oregon could not hand out literature on the interior of this “relatively new concept in shopping center design …sometimes referred to as the ‘Mall.'” The court said that the private nature of a business “does not change by virtue of being large or clustered with other stores in a modern shopping center.”
States, however, may still decide individually that malls in their jurisdiction should allow political speech. A handful of states, including California, New Jersey, Colorado, and Massachusetts, have compelled malls to do so, at least to some extent, but more than a dozen others, including Minnesota, have held that malls are private spaces free to prevent such speech.
At Mall of America, restrictions on political speech are accompanied by a significant degree of militarization. The shopping center is often framed as Minnesota's biggest potential terrorism target, so security there bulges beyond what you'd see at a typical suburban mall. Besides having its own police unit on site, the retail destination has a K9 program and a “special operations plain clothes unit,” which focuses on “threat mitigation.” Former airport agents from Israel helped design the behavioral profiling techniques that have been used by the mall's undercover security. Such techniques came under fire in 2011 after an NPR report described how security staff had interrogated several individuals for innocuous behavior. Last year, The Intercept revealed that a mall “intelligence analyst” had created a fake Facebook account to befriend and monitor Black Lives Matter protesters as they planned the 2014 Mall of America demonstration.
On December 23 the lines between private security and publicly funded police blurred. An intimidating array of cops from several area police departments stood alongside mall security guards to confront the protesters.
“We are really dedicated to being nonviolent and really committed to keeping everybody who comes out for Black Lives Matter safe,” organizer Miski Noor said. “They showed up in riot gear when you've got people here with their babies in strollers chanting and singing Christmas songs.”
Deputy Chief Mike Hartley of the police department in Bloomington, Minnesota, where the mall is located, said that the police were there to protect against groups beyond the protesters that might come to the event, citing an incident in November, where racist attackers shot and injured five Black Lives Matter Minneapolis protesters who had been demonstrating at a local police precinct headquarters. But Hartley asserted that it was the mall's decision alone to shut down businesses.
From the mall rotunda, as the lockdown announcement rang, the protest spilled onto a light rail train headed toward the airport. Once there, some protesters streamed out and moved past police into a stairway between the train platform and the entrance to the airport. Police confronted another set of protesters at the airport doors, and at one terminal demonstrators blocked a road. Security checkpoints inside the airport were closed, flights delayed. Police and transit managers shut down the train between the airport and mall.
As it turns out, protestors had moved from one First Amendment gray zone to another. In 1992, the Supreme Court decided to allow a ban by the Port Authority in New York and New Jersey against solicitation, reasoning that Hare Krishnas and other groups asking for money could disrupt the flow of airport business, which runs on a tight schedule. Public transit rulings have followed a similar pattern; in general courts have held that free speech activities should not disrupt the flow of traffic. Even on city sidewalks, without a permit, police can block a protest if it impedes pedestrian traffic.
The ostensible pursuit of security at transportation hubs can also have the effect of limiting First Amendment activity. Since 9/11, cities have decreased public access to airport spaces, including by banning non-ticketholders from accessing gates. Now, cities like Washington D.C. and New York are limiting access even to check-in areas to prevent homeless people from seeking shelter (officials in both cities cited safety concerns).
Battles over physical space for speech at malls, airports, and on public transportation may soon be overshadowed by fights for speech in digital spaces.
Today, privately managed networks like Facebook and Twitter have taken the place of city squares as sites of political dialogue. These platforms, whose business is speech, have an incentive that the Mall of America does not have to allow free speech. Users don't want a speech platform that they know has been sanitized.
But Twitter and Facebook are not public forums. Like malls, profits drive those platforms' design and their tolerance for free speech extends only as far the aggregate demand of their users. And like malls and airports, social media platforms are under new pressure from anti-terrorism forces as organizations like ISIS and al Qaeda use them to recruit new militants.
How far Twitter and Facebook stray from their minimally censored beginnings is to be seen. Decades after the first mall was built, architect Gruen would disown the grown-up version of his invention. He was horrified by the urban sprawl malls had helped engender, appalled by the “land-wasting seas of parking.” In a 1978 speech in London he declared, “I refuse to pay alimony for those bastard developments.”
Top photo: Police queue up at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International airport Lightrail stop, where a number of Black Lives Matter protestors attempted to enter the airport on December 23, 2015 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
WASHINGTON -- Wearing rainbow ribbons, House Democrats organized a press conference for the second day in a row to talk about gun safety in the wake of the shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida that left at least 49 dead.
“We are all Orlando,” said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), who donned a rainbow wristband as well as a ribbon in solidarity with the LGBT victims of the attack.
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) called on Congress to “empathize with the fear the LGBT community is experiencing right now.”
Rep. Xavier Becerra (D-Calif.), chair of the House Democratic Caucus, also acknowledged the pain that the Latino community, “hit especially hard” in the attack, was feeling.
And then the grief turned to anger. Voices rose as the Democratic leaders excoriated their Republican colleagues for blocking attempts to bring Republican-authored legislation to the floor that would bar people on terrorist watch lists from purchasing firearms.
While Democrats predict the bill would garner enough Republican support to pass if it reaches the floor, it's not without controversy. A number of Republicans in both chambers say it denies due process rights to people on the watch lists. Gun rights advocates, as well as civil liberties groups, have also expressed concerns about the legislation.
Pointing to public polling and the need to take action, Democrats argued that the bill is a step in the right direction. Becerra said Democrats weren't urging a vote on an assault weapons ban because they are “tired of not being able to do anything.”
“We certainly have a number of us who are supporters of the assault weapon ban, but let's try to get something done and let's see how far Republicans are willing to go,” he added.
The Huffington Post House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) wears a rainbow wristband and ribbon while addressing the press about the Orlando shooting.
According to a New England Journal of Medicine study conducted in the wake of the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, 86 percent of gun owners supported barring people on terrorist and no-fly lists from buying weapons.
“Refusing to enact ‘no fly, no buy' is a form of political criminal negligence,” Rep. Steve Israel (D-N.Y.) said of House Republicans.
Hinting at potential consequences for the GOP come November, Israel didn't try to hide Democrats' agenda, saying they plan to latch onto this message to pressure Republicans and grab the public's attention.
“Every time Speaker [Paul] Ryan (R-Wis.) tries to gavel us down, we're going to speak louder,” he said. “He may be able to use a gavel as a tool against us, but we're going to use common sense and public sentiment against them, and you can absolutely count on that.”
Asked if they were encouraged by presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump's intention to meet with the National Rifle Association about prohibiting gun sales to those on terrorist watchlists, Democrats seemed wary.
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2016
“If con man Don can convince the NRA to move forward on this, God bless him,” said Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.). “But again, this just goes to show the power of the NRA that their presidential nominee will go on hand and knee, begging for them to give them a pass on this issue so that it can trickle down to all the other members of the House.”
Trump's position on the issue “is irrelevant,” Israel said, pointing to the division among Republicans over their presumptive nominee. On Tuesday, Republicans scrambled to avoid questions about Trump, and even insisted that the GOP doesn't have a nominee.
“If Donald Trump decides today that he supports ‘no fly, no buy,' it will be just the latest disagreement that House Republicans say they have with him,” said Israel.
On Wednesday, the NRA said its position on terrorist watch lists remained the same. The group said it agrees firearms should not be sold to terrorists, but does not back legislation that lacks due process protections.
Image copyright Thinkstock
David Cameron has defended proposed new web surveillance powers, saying the internet cannot become a "safe space" for terrorists and criminals.
The prime minister said it was "absolutely vital" police could access communications data via social media.
"We need to know who called whom and when," he told ITV's This Morning.
Wednesday's Investigatory Powers Bill would let police see websites people have visited but not the specific pages they have viewed without a warrant.
The BBC's security correspondent Gordon Corera said the plan may be resisted in the House of Lords amid concerns about the degree of intrusion into people's browsing histories and who would authorise police warrants.
Follow more on BBC Politics Live
The new security bill is the latest in a series of attempts to update the law to allow police and security services to access communications data, as more and more takes place online rather than on phones.
Police sources have told the BBC they expect the new bill to require communication firms to retain data on website addresses for a year. This will mean existing powers allowing authorities to see which websites people have visited become practical to implement for the first time.
Such data would consist of a basic domain address, and not a full browsing history of pages within that site or search terms entered. For example, police could see that someone visited www.bbc.co.uk - but not the individual pages they viewed.
Explaining the thinking behind the plans, Mr Cameron said the police needed to be able to track suspect behaviour online in the same way as they already did elsewhere.
"As prime minister, I would say to people, 'Please let's not have a situation where we give terrorists, criminals, child abductors, safe spaces to communicate.'
"It is not a safe space for them to communicate on a fixed line phone or a mobile phone.
"We should not allow the internet to be a safe space for them to communicate and do bad things."
'Secret world'
Speaking on Sunday, Home Secretary Theresa May told the BBC there would be "world-leading" oversight of warrants to access digital records, details of which would be announced on Wednesday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May on monitoring communications
Labour has insisted that warrants should have to be approved by a judge, not politicians, while the Lib Dems and some Conservatives have said they will seek to amend the legislation in the House of Lords to that effect.
Lord Carlile, a former reviewer of terrorist legislation, said it was "rather glib" to presume judges could "authenticate everything".
Analysis by the BBC's security correspondent Gordon Corera
There is a lot at stake in this new bill. This is the first time in 15 years that this law setting the parameters of what the state can do with our data is being rewritten and the first time in the digital age.
Different agendas are at play here. So, for instance, the spies do not so much want new powers. They want consent for the powers that they have already got and which previously they used very secretly but have been exposed by Edward Snowden and others.
They have talked about, if you like, the licence to operate. They want the public to buy into the use of these powers.
But the police do seem to want more powers. And that is where you get to the more contentious territory. They do argue they need the ability to get into the web browsing history of people they are investigating. Not necessarily all the detail of the sites they visited but some of it. They say that's vital to investigate crime in a digital age.
Privacy advocates may feel that goes too far into the private space in terms of what web browsing might tell you about yourself. Then you have the issue of control and authorisations. The privacy advocates are keen on new legislation if it provides a greater sense of control and authorisation.
"If judges are going to authenticate these issues, they have to learn about national security," he told Radio 4's Today programme.
"At the moment there are a handful of judges who have real understanding of national security. I mean just a handful. They need to be willing to be trained...because to understand the way in which national security work is done, people do have to understand the secret world to an extent."
'Demonisation'
Lord Carlile, a leading QC, said there was a strong case for giving the law enforcement authorities greater powers to ensure we "remain a relatively safe country in an unsafe and perilous world".
"I don't think any intelligent person is saying that the police should not be able to look at that data in a proper way... to see if they can catch the murderer, the terrorist, the paedophile, the money launderer."
And he added: "I think it is absurd to suggest the police and the security services have a kind of casual desire to intrude on the privacy of the innocent. They have enough difficulty finding the guilty. No-one has produced any evidence of casual curiosity on part of the security services."
Mrs May has said more than 1,400 warrants authorising more intrusive measures cross her desk a year, and she sets aside several hours a day to consider them. She said she had looked at all the arguments about handing over this responsibility to independent judges.
Some of the more contentious powers proposed in the coalition government's 2012 version of this bill have been removed after listening to industry figures and civil liberties' groups, Mrs May has said, insisting it will not allow the police to "go through people's browsing history".
The emergence of encryption has been identified as a major headache for law enforcement bodies, with suggestions that it risks leaving them locked out of some areas of cyberspace.
Our campmate Nathan brought a life size Bush statue to play the role of the robber. Doesn't it make sense? The robber steals your resources, after all. If only you could move the real Bush to an arbitrary location far from your settlements.It got dusty fast. But people didn't care. During a heavy dust storm, we rushed back to camp to make sure pieces hadn't blown away. Instead, we found people who were still playing... one was shouting "Does anyone have any sheep?" while wearing goggles and a dust mask.Speaking of sheep, we decided to do resources instead of resource cards.Some people noticed that since we were on the desert, we didn't need the desert hex.An interesting game dynamic emerged. Unlike in the board game version, people were spread far enough apart that you could have a private conversation with another player. We also had too many people wanting to play, so we ended up with 2-3 players on a "team". As a result, a diplomatic wheeler-dealer atmosphere emerged, where players would huddle and discuss trades, periodically sending emissaries to speak with other players.Overall, it was an incredible success. Thanks for all who helped make this happen. Thanks especially towho came up with the idea and put in at least as much work as I did, if not more.One day the game may be as clean as it was on the night we finished it. :-)More photos of people playing can be found at:-----Update: 2/28/10. I haven't used the game in a while, and it's taking up a good bit of space in my storage locker. Anyone interested in taking it off my hands should comment here or send me a direct message. You will need to bring a pickup truck, large SUV (the hexes are 42" wide), van, or other such vehicle to the San Francisco area to get it.-----Update: 4/5/10. The game has found a new home. It will be appearing at various Northern California game festivals as well as at Burning Man.Follow the future public appearances of the game at http://twitter.com/giantsettlers
In its statement, the NCAA pointed to the non-discrimination clause as a reason why North Carolina's law is different from laws in other states. It also cited legal protections for state workers who refuse to serve LGBT people and the fact some states have banned non-essential travel to North Carolina in response to the law. Some North Carolina schools have already seen games canceled over those bans.
The NCAA is not the first organization to react against HB2. In sports parlance, in fact, the boycott is a bit of a buzzer beater. In the immediate aftermath of HB2's passage, several big-name musicians, including Bruce Springsteen, canceled concerts, while some major corporations canceled or froze expansion in the state. Convention bureaus report a drop in business as well, and the NBA in July decided to relocate its 2017 All-Star Game from Charlotte to New Orleans. Estimates of the total cost of the law to North Carolina's economy are as high as $5 billion per year.
The NCAA's announcement comes at an inopportune time for Governor Pat McCrory, a Republican who is up for reelection. Republicans in the General Assembly convened the special session to pass the law in March over McCrory's objections, but he quickly signed the bill and has become its most prominent defender. It has become a millstone around his neck. Recent polling shows that HB2 is unpopular and that voters believe it has been bad for the state.
McCrory, in turn, has trailed Democrat Roy Cooper, the current state attorney general, in every recent poll. Even as he defends the law, McCrory has said Cooper—an outspoken opponent of the law—is somehow to blame for the law, and has also lashed out at the business community, saying the state chamber of commerce helped write the legislation, which the chamber denies. The governor won election in 2012 as a pro-business moderate but has taken up a range of social-conservative stands, partly due to pressure from Republicans in the General Assembly.
McCrory did not immediately comment on the NCAA move, but the North Carolina Republican Party did release a blistering statement. Spokewoman Kami Mueller pointed out that the NCAA has its own problems to deal with—“I wish the NCAA was this concerned about the women who were raped at Baylor”—but also calling the decision “an assault to female athletes across the nation.” She wrote:
This is so absurd it's almost comical. I genuinely look forward to the NCAA merging all men's and women's teams together as singular, unified, unisex teams. Under the NCAA's logic, colleges should make cheerleaders and football players share bathrooms, showers and hotel rooms.
Attempts to forge a compromise on HB2 have thus far failed, with conservatives in the General Assembly unwilling to budge and Democrats saying nothing short of full repeal is acceptable. A provision in the bill that stripped the right to sue for violations of state non-discrimination law, apparently removed in error, was later restored.
A range of plaintiffs, including the U.S. Department of Justice and the state ACLU, have sued North Carolina over the law, alleging violations of Title IX and the Constitution's rights to equal protection and due process. A federal judge last month ruled that the University of North Carolina could not enforce HB2 on its campuses pending resolution of the lawsuit, noting that the plaintiffs had shown they were likely to succeed in proving the law violated Title IX.
Related Videos
The corridors of Leinster House are teeming with Pokémon. It's much the same across the bridge in Government Buildings.
Leo Varadkar's nephew caught a Nidoran female in the ministerial corridor yesterday. We'll take his word for it.
Young Nick was unable to tell us if any are lurking in the Dáil chamber. His phone was off when he was there with his sister Susannah and mother Sophie to see Uncle Leo take Leaders' Questions for the first time in his parliamentary career.
That didn't mean there wasn't a game going on. After Varadkar completed his stint in the hot seat, he left colleagues on both sides of the House pondering future strategies, possible outcomes and probable winners.
Tánaiste Frances Fitzgerald usually takes the helm for Leaders' Question on Thursdays, facing spokespeople of corresponding rank. As Fianna Fáil doesn't have a deputy leader, she never knows which leading light from Micheál Martin's embarrassment of front bench talent will be the one asking her the questions.
Not that it seems to bother the Tánaiste, whose stewardship of the session continues to be steady. And no TD has emerged from Fianna Fáil's Thursday showcase to cast shade on top dog Micheál. That would be the way he likes it. But it all makes for rather dull fare.
Were it not for the big personality of Sinn Féin's Mary Lou McDonald, Thursday would be a guaranteed snoozefest. The absence of party leaders in favour of supporting acts means even smaller crowds for the Dáil's daily set-piece event.
There simply isn't enough power in the chamber to tempt in the political punters. But there was a definite change in the atmosphere yesterday.
Leo's name is in the frame for the leadership of Fine Gael when Enda Kenny steps down. He pretends he doesn't want to know about the race to succeed the party leader. That would be disloyal. He bashfully bats away the talk, knowing full well that nobody believes him.
There are others with claims to the crown – Frances Fitzgerald, for one, while Simon Coveney is the man everyone namechecks when the subject turns from Varadkar's prospects. But for now, Leo is the one who gets mentioned first.
So news that he would be in charge for Leaders' Questions sparked unusual interest. And more interesting again was the number of Fianna Fáil TDs who turned up to watch him.
Food for thought
Far more, as it transpired, than members of Leo's party. They left – if the many private comments we heard last evening are anything to go by – with much food for thought.
Fianna Fáil's concern over who succeeds Enda Kenny as leader of Fine Gael seems increasingly more of a worry to Fianna Fáil than it is to the party Kenny leads.
So how did Leo Varadkar get on? He did extremely well on his first outing. His sister Sophie, who watched from the public gallery with her children, was very proud of him afterwards. Although she pointed out that her visit to Dublin (she's a consultant in London's Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital) had been arranged before Leo got the call for Leaders' Questions.
The Tánaiste, who was in France yesterday with a delegation from Enterprise Ireland, called him on Wednesday night to see if he would mind stepping in for her. He had been briefed by officials from the Tánaiste's office on the issues which were expected to come up.
Fianna Fáil's Robert Troy raised the Government's state of readiness for Brexit, Sinn Féin's Mary Lou McDonald went in with gusto on pay rises for politicians, Independent TD Michael Lowry (and housetrained supposedly feral Fine Gaeler) spoke as usual about Tipperary and the Greens' Eamon Ryan raised childcare costs.
Ryan was the only one who broached the question of the race to succeed Enda Kenny (who was in Europe on EU business). Varadkar blushingly brushed the issue aside. But it was his response to McDonald which pushed all the right FG buttons and had them sitting up straight across the floor on the FF side of the chamber.
Pious approach
He ruled out pay rises for Ministers and Ministers of State then stuck the boot in on Sinn Féin's approach to social welfare recipients in the North, and followed up by stitching in that party's ostentatiously pious approach to pocketing the exact same payments from the State coffers as their Dáil colleagues while claiming their TDs only draw the average industrial wage.
The SF TDs bristled. “Hush now” shouted John Deasy, unusually heckling on behalf of Fine Gael (or was it Leo?).
Varadkar's colleagues – there were few enough of them present – looked delighted. And the Fianna Fáil TDs looked every bit as pleased too.
His treatment of Ryan's childcare question included an appraisal of Mary Harney's Boston or Berlin approach to policy, via Scandinavia and Singapore, with a mention of Seattle thrown in.
“We should strive to take the best” from all countries and “design a vision for Ireland that suits our culture and aspirations. The aspiration of this Government is to support families.”
Even Paschal Donohoe was looking up at him in admiration, even though his leadership aspirations haven't dimmed. Eamon Ryan wasn't sure he would support Leo for the FG leadership if he continued with his childcare package.
This sparked great hilarity, with quips from all sides on Varadkar's leadership prospects and questions on whether Ryan had joined Fine Gael.
Afterwards, Fianna Fáil's Billy Kelleher looked across at Leo. “That was a reasonably good first audition,” he remarked.
Leo smiled, fixed his tie and replied “Why, thank you!”
Later on, FF and FG deputies discussed his performance. “It's the talk of the place” said a Fine Gael backbencher. Leo has given them a lot to think about.
“This album is sort of my tribute to Saturday-morning cartoons,” Dirtbombs frontman Mick Collins says. “That was my scene as a kid. Every third show was about a band: the Archies, Josie and the Pussycats, the Hardy Boys. My childhood was watching bands on TV. And the music on Ooey Gooey Chewy Ka-Blooey! is what those bands sounded like, or as close as I can get them to with the Dirtbombs.”
Much like the handful of sugary songs covered by Redd Kross and the Ramones — as well as the nostalgic numbers alternative-era bands relived on the Schoolhouse Rock! Rocks comp in the '90s — the latest Dirtbombs record finds the garage rockers paying homage to the saccharine pop sounds of bubblegum. “I had joked about making a bubblegum record for a bunch of years, but I didn't really take it seriously until maybe two years ago,” Collins says. “Everyone kept asking for it.” So being the diligent pop scholar who previously fashioned the 2001 soul tribute Ultraglide in Black and the 2011 Detroit techno riff Party Store, Collins began researching bubblegum. He studied the songwriting tricks that producers Jerry Kasenetz and Jeff Katz used on songs by the 1910 Fruitgum Company and the Ohio Express, and he pored over Don Kirshner's works with the Archies and the Monkees. “Most of the album draws from the years between 1968 and 1972, because that was the prime era of watching Saturday-morning cartoons,” Collins says. “There were groups that came later that didn't make it on — the Partridge Family, the DeFranco Family, Shaun Cassidy — but I just didn't have time to try and go back and add it in.”
Since Collins sharply focused the album's songwriting, the Dirtbombs recorded a lovingly tongue-in-cheek tribute to puppy love, teenage insecurity, and the days when songs about candy weren't always creepy euphemisms for sex. “I have to admit I'm proud of it,” Collins says. “Everybody expects certain things from the Dirtbombs, which is fine by me. I'm glad the people who have heard this are into it.” Listen to all 10 of Ooey Gooey Chewy Ka-Blooey!‘s sugar comas below, read Collins' track-by-track breakdown, and cop this candy when it hits stores on September 17.
“Sugar on Top”
Because bubblegum as a genre is a very steeply defined, you sort of wind up imitating everyone else. There are only a few ways of doing it. “Sugar on Top” was inspired by Neil Diamond songs for the Monkees. I was also thinking of “Gimme Some Lovin'” by the Spencer Davis Group, which I love. I thought the cowbell in the song has a great hook, so I tried it on this one. For whatever reason, it just kind of got out of hand.
:audio=0:117318:song:Sugar On Top:
“Crazy for You”
When I was a kid in Detroit, there was a station called CKLW, which is actually across the border in Canada. They were a prime source for AM pop and quasi-bubblegum, not the sort of Saturday-morning-cartoons bubblegum this album is based on, but the stuff that would get played anyway. That song for me just sounds like a CKLW song to me. I wasn't making a conscious effort of trying to write a song like that, but as I was writing the song, it was like a CKLW moment. [Laughs.] When I was first writing it, it seemed like any other song, but right as we started laying down the tracks, I was like, “Oh, this is the single!”
:audio=0:117320:song:Crazy For You:
“It's Gonna Be Alright”
When I wrote this song, I listened to all five Archies albums with the specific aim of writing one that sounded like an Archies song. One of the things I super badly wanted to do on this album was to link it to the original bubblegum-makers. I managed to track down Ron Dante, who was the vocalist on the Archies' records. He was going to be in town at some point, so I explained to him what I was doing. And he said, “Yeah, it would be great to be on this thing.” Then I got bogged down with something else, and by the time I was ready to record his vocal track, he was back out in L.A. So I wound up having to do it slightly out of my vocal range. [Laughs.]
:audio=0:117321:song:It's Gonna Be Alright:
“Hot Sour Salty Sweet”
A friend of mine called me up one day out of the blue and said, “If you ever do the bubblegum record, I have a title for you: ‘Hot Sour Salty Sweet.'” And I said, “Yes, it's genius.” I wrote it down and promptly forgot about it for four years. When I found it in my notes, right away it started coming to me, right there. Musically, that song and a couple of other tracks are specific tributes to Kasenetz and Katz, the guys who did the Lemon Pipers and all those bands that we commonly associate with bubblegum.
:audio=0:117322:song:Hot Sour Salty Sweet:
“Jump and Shout”
The “Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah!” part probably couldn't have been a more obvious tribute to “Mony Mony.” Not that Tommy James is bubblegum at all, but that period of his songs would definitely count as bubblegum, even though he predated bubblegum by a couple of years. “Mony Mony” has everything that a bubblegum song would have. It's practically the template. As for the rest of the song, while I was researching for the album — which is basically listening to a whole bunch of records — I realized there's not a whole lot of guitar solos in bubblegum. They weren't really going for that. But they will go in for a drum lick, like a drum breakdown, in a middle of a song — a lot of them. I had to replicate that. I like drum breaks; I like disco and Latin music. I think it's the only time on the record with a guitar solo. The solo that made it to the record actually was the test. We were trying to set up a decent recording level so I could record the solo, and wound up using that instead of going back and recording a decent solo. We just used making a bunch of noise on the test.
:audio=0:117323:song:Jump And Shout:
“Girl on the Carousel”
It's an homage to Chad & Jeremy, who frankly I never listened to, but if you're going to do a bubblegum record you kind of have to have that sort of syrupy ballad. Every album has one. As for the song itself, I have no recollection of how it came to me. It's probably one of those songs that literally came to me in minutes as a sudden inspiration. Every single word of it popped into my head as recorded, which happens a lot for me. That song was the single most difficult song on the album to do because I couldn't find an oboist. I got stuck on this thing where I had to have it in order for it to be proper Baroque pop, again sticking to the rules of the genre — it had to be an oboe. So it took me three months to find an oboist. We recorded it pretty easy, but those three months gave me time to do the rest of the record. [Laughs.]
:audio=0:117325:song:Girl On The Carousel:
“Hey! Cookie”
That was another Kasenetz and Katz tribute. The thing about bubblegum music is there's a great deal of double entendre in it, especially the Kasenetz and Katz stuff — that was practically their stock and trade. Every song was a double entendre for clumsy backseat sex. In order to properly make a bubblegum record you have to start there, but you don't have to necessarily end there.
:audio=0:117326:song:Hey! Cookie:
“Sunshine Girl”
“Sunshine Girl” to the end of the record is actually one sort of suite of music. And that goofy noise at the end of the song is tied in to the rest of that piece. It was also the first song we finished recording, so it was the first we sent off to the record company, who immediately fired back an email saying, “Oh, this totally sounds like the Brady Bunch.”
:audio=0:117327:song:Sunshine Girl:
“No More Rainy Days”
Years ago, I found some compilation of sunshine pop on the Internet. It wasn't necessarily bubblegum, but it was this weird and very harmony-oriented pop music. It's all stuff kind of like “Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)” by Edison Lighthouse. It also had a lot of European bands. It wasn't anything that Americans would have gone for in any real way. It was much too twee for the late '60s, considering what America was going through. When I started making the album, I kept thinking about this compilation — I couldn't stop thinking about it, and at some point I just gave in to the impulse to do a song that sounded like it, which is “No More Rainy Days.”
:audio=0:117329:song:No More Rainy Days/Interlude:
“We Come in the Sunshine”
Out of all the songs, that one has the least amount of bubblegum influences. It's specifically inspired by Spiral Starecase, Brian Wilson, and Yello. I think Yello could have been a bubblegum band if it weren't for the subject matter of their songs. They had all the trappings: the infectious musical hook, fantastic production values, super catchy, super bright and funny. The title was sudden inspiration. I was standing in the shower and, when it came to me, I cracked myself up laughing. I thought, “God, that's the dumbest song title ever.” So I challenged myself to write a song using it.
:audio=0:117330:song:We Come In The Sunshine:
Stream Ooey Gooey Chewy Ka-Blooey! in full here:
:audio=0:117319:playlist:The Dirtbombs, Ooey Gooey Chewie Kablooey:
NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC, APRIL 20
Blind Listening
Timo Andres, in “The Blind Banister,” a piano concerto commissioned as a partner to Beethoven's Second Concerto, drew mainly on the master's first-movement cadenza, an afterthought by some two decades. But the connections were not obvious when the Andres piece came first, conducted by Courtney Lewis with Jonathan Biss as soloist: Who knows all the Beethoven cadenzas by heart? (Sorry, yes, I know some of you.) So the moment of real revelation had to come retrospectively, after intermission, when the Beethoven finally arrived with all the rising and falling gestures that so inspired Mr. Andres. JAMES R. OESTREICH
Read our review of the concert.
‘DER ROSENKAVALIER,' 1971
Heavenly Rose
My favorite moment in Strauss's opera comes in the love-at-first-sight scene when Octavian presents a scented silver rose to young Sophie, who, swept away with confused emotions, sings one of Strauss's most sublimely soaring lines: “It's like a heavenly, not an earthly, rose.” Erin Morley sang it beautifully on opening night of the Metropolitan Opera's new production. That sent me back to my favorite recording, from 1971, with Leonard Bernstein conducting the Vienna Philharmonic and a cast that includes the best Sophie ever: the soprano Lucia Popp. ANTHONY TOMMASINI
Read our review of the Met's new production.
1. Having a contract helps prevent issues of nonpayment.
This is, again, very unfortunate, but there ARE people out there who are extremely unscrupulous and will do their best to avoid paying the people who work for them. When there is no contract or paper trail involved, unscrupulous clients will find doing just that very easy. How many freelancers have done work for a client, put all their effort into it, and ended up with part, or even all, of the promised fees unpaid? I guarantee you, there's quite a few out there. You may be one of them. While a contract may not prevent a situation where you have to hound after a client to make them pay, it does cut down on the amount of dishonest people who just want to get the project done for free.
2. The client knows what they're going to receive
Generally, clients read the contracts before they sign them. Or, at least, I hope they do. A good contract will list the freelancer's duties, and what the client should expect to receive (and what they will be charged for it). This prevents a number of issues, because the client and the freelancer will most likely go over the project's requirements several times before signing the contract. In turn, this helps to cut down on client complaints about the work being not what they wanted, or the price being higher than what they agreed on – though, those obviously won't be eliminated entirely.
Additionally, you can add a clause against scope creep. A scope creep clause typically states that the freelancer has the right to charge the client for any extra work the client may request that was not originally requested or required as part of the project. If you keep allowing more and more things to be added to the project, you'll spend hours working on it and end up being paid much, much less per hour than you would have if you'd just denied the requests or charged extra.
3. Contracts will outline contingencies for worst-case scenarios
There might come a time when you'll need to fire your client. Yes, you can fire your clients, and you should, if they ever turn out to be a nightmare client from freelancing hell. The contract you and your client sign should cover what happens in the eventuality that you no longer want to work with that client.
Additionally, there may also be a case where the client may no longer require your services for whatever reason. A good contract will cover the procedure for severing the business relationship. Do you intend to charge a kill fee? Does the client have to pay for whatever amount of work you've already completed? This is, of course, up to you, but just between you and I? If it's a long-term project, totally charge a kill fee.
You can also outline consequences for late payment and nonpayment for fees in the contract. You should probably do that. That's a good life choice. You don't want people to just pay you whenever, right?
SOLGT
Beskrivelse
Wednesday's outdoor games on Parliament Hill for the Bell Capital Cup have been cancelled, due to the extreme cold weather. The matches were moved to indoor venues, including the Canadian Tire Centre.
With the frigid temperatures expected to continue this week, organizers have moved games on Thursday and Friday from the Canada 150 rink to the Kinburn Sensplex.
The bitter cold caused the ice on the rink to crack, leaving deep ruts on the surface. The Canada 150 rink project costs $5.6 million, about half of which went to the design and construction of the rink.
The rink does remain open for previously scheduled public skates, and officials have opened additional sessions between Thursday and New Year's Eve.
People can reserve a skate time on the Canada 150 rink website.
Ottawa Public Health upgraded its frostbite advisory to a warning Wednesday morning, meanwhile, Environment Canada issued an extreme cold weather warning for Ottawa. The weather agency said in a bulletin wind chill temperatures will reach –35 or lower during the evening.
OPH said exposed skin can freeze in less than 10 minutes and is urging residents to wear multiple layers if heading outside.
Officials inspect ice conditions at the outdoor rink on Parliament Hill. The games there have been moved to indoor rinks because the extreme cold makes the ice brittle. (Kimberley Molina/CBC )
"Ultimately, it comes down to the ice surface and it comes down to player safety and really that's what this is. The ice became too brittle," said Aaron Robinson, board member of the Ottawa International Hockey Festival.
"We can't warm the ice up so it became an issue where the ice was cracking in certain locations."
The Bell Capital Cup invited 32 teams from across Canada — 16 girls teams and 16 boys teams — to play in a special Canada 150 division of the annual hockey championship. Youth between the ages of nine and 12 were supposed to play 40 pee wee and atom games on the special rink Wednesday through Dec. 31.
The Brampton Canadettes and the Kanata Rangers made it through the first period of the 10:10 a.m. game Wednesday before it was called off. The game will resume again at the Canadian Tire Centre at 9 p.m., Robinson said.
The earlier 8 a.m. and 9:05 a.m. games were preemptively cancelled due to the cold weather and will be rescheduled.
A bundled up spectator watches from the stands at the outdoor rink on Parliament Hill. (Brian Morris/CBC)
'It's disappointing'
Michelle McDonell's daughter, Macy, plays for the Nepean Wildcats and was supposed to play her first outdoor game Wednesday, but it was cancelled.
"It's disappointing. It's an amazing opportunity for the girls to play on … a Canadian landscape. So, I was very excited for them to have that opportunity," she said.
She said it wasn't all bad news, though, since her daughter now gets to play Canada's game inside the CTC, home of the NHL's Ottawa Senators. She's also keeping her fingers crossed that the final match will go ahead on Parliament Hill.
Bell Capital Cup general manager Scott Lawryk told CBC News on Tuesday Bell Capital Cup officials had always planned to move games indoors if the weather became too cold for the outdoor games.
The addition of an outdoor rink on Parliament Hill underneath the Peace Tower was supposed to be a "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity" for the kids, Lawryk said, to coincide with Canada 150 celebrations.
"We couldn't think of a more iconic Canadian image than that so it just made perfect sense to us," he said.
22120
SG Bremen zur Klage eines Reichsbürgers : Unzu­ständig für Unter­halt nach der Haager Land­kriegs­ord­nung 16.02.2017 © mitifoto - Fotolia.com
Die Sozialgerichte des "besetzten Pseudostaates" BRD sind nicht für Unterhaltsklagen nach der Haager Landkriegsordnung zuständig. Ein 39-jähriger "Kriegsgefangener" bekommt deshalb keinen Soldatensold. Sondern eine hohe Gerichtskostenrechnung.
Anzeige
Wenn "Reichsbürger" vor Gericht erscheinen, dann meistens, weil sie ihre Steuern oder Bußgeldbescheide nicht zahlen wollen. Vor dem Sozialgericht (SG) Bremen war es nun andersherum: Der Kläger wollte Unterhalt - und zwar nach der Haager Landkriegsordnung. Das SG hat aber entschieden, dass es für die Unterhaltsklage nicht zuständig ist (Beschl. v. 23.12.2016, Az. S 10 SV 22/16). Außerdem hat das Gericht festgestellt, dass der Reichsbürger für das Verfahren nicht unerhebliche Gerichtskosten zahlen muss.
Der 39 Jahre alte Bremer hatte gegenüber dem Versorgungsamt Bremen geltend gemacht, das Deutsche Reich bestehe fort. Deutschland sei "besetztes Gebiet", die Bundesrepublik Deutschland sei ein "Pseudostaat", ein "Verwaltungskonstrukt", und er selbst sei Kriegsgefangener. Als Kriegsgefangener habe er Anspruch darauf, so behandelt zu werden wie die Soldaten der Besatzungsarmee. Damit meint er die Bundeswehr.
Damit habe er Anspruch auf Sold mindestens wie für einen einfachen Soldaten nach den für die Bundeswehr geltenden Gesetzen, nach seiner Berechnung seien das 1.955,27 Euro brutto monatlich. Dieser Anspruch ergebe sich aus einem noch in der Zeit des Deutschen Kaiserreichs abgeschlossenen völkerrechtlichen Vertrag, der Haager Landkriegsordnung von 1907. Das Versorgungsamt Bremen hatte den Antrag abgelehnt.
Konsequente Schlüsse: SG* unzuständig, Gerichtskosten hoch
Hiergegen erhob der Mann Klage vor dem Sozialgericht. Er "bezeichne …(sich) nicht als "Reichsbürger" und gehöre schon gar keiner "rechten Gesinnung" an, (sondern)… "ziehe nur konsequente Schlüsse aus der geltenden Rechts- und Tatsachenlage".
Der Sch(l)uss ging nach hinten los: Das SG erklärte sich für unzuständig und verwies den Rechtsstreit*, der Rechtsweg sei zu den Verwaltungsgerichten eröffnet. Das SG sei nur für solche Verfahren zuständig, die § 51 Sozialgerichtsgesetz (SGG) ihm ausdrücklich zuweise. Ansprüche nach der Haager Landkriegsordnung fielen nicht darunter. Außerdem muss der Kläger für das Verfahren – anders als im Normalfall vor dem Sozialgericht - Gerichtskosten zahlen. Das begründete eine Sprecherin gegenüber LTO damit, dass er nicht zu dem nach § 183 SGG privilegierten Personankreis gehöre*. Berechnet werden diese nach der Höhe der geltend gemachten Besoldung als Soldat, genauer aus der Hälfte des geltend gemachten Betrages für ein Jahr, also aus einem Streitwert von 11.731,63 Euro.*
Die sogenannten "Reichsbürger" bereiten der Verwaltung und Justiz zunehmend Probleme. Is Amtsgericht München wurden Rechtspfleger und Gerichtsvollzieher bereits unter Druck gesetzt oder bedroht. Im Oktober starb ein Polizist in Mittelfranken nach einem Schusswechsel mit einem Reichsbürger.
acr/LTO-Redaktion
* Präzisiert am Tag der Veröffentlichung, 14:38 Uhr.
Smart contracts promise to fundamentally re-write how today's legal agreements work – converting legal code to computer code distributed globally on networks such as block chain capable of automatically executing, making payments, and transferring ownership in property, all in an uninterruptible manner. How will all this impact us?
On March 14, 2018 at SXSW in the brand-new block chain section, we will be discussing the implications of smart contracts and block chain. The panelists will be led by Tom Gonser - Partner at Seven Peaks Ventures. Tom is also the founder of DocuSign, the largest trust network for digital transaction management. Next is Ken Moyle, President at K6 Legal Partners, and Director of Public Policy for the Electronic Signature & Records Association. Next, we have Perrianne Boring, Founder & President of the Chamber of Digital Commerce, the world's largest trade association representing block chain. Finally, we'll hear from Sergey Nasarov, CEO of Smartcontract.com about the importance of oracles to get data in and out of smart contracts securely.
The business benefits of self-executing autonomous agreements promise to fundamentally re-write the way business transactions happen. If contracts can manage themselves, that means humans don't need to, freeing up many hours of contract management, and many errors due to the ‘human gateway' required to follow up and ensure contract clauses, dates, and payments are made. Smart contracts promise:
Self-execution means no contract management is needed, freeing up labor
All parties will perform, because the agreement will automatically execute
There is no ambiguity in the language. Smart contract code has only one execution path based on inputs
Much lower transaction costs due to automation, and possibly use of digital currencies
Highly secure, managed using encryption and digital signature technology
In order for these smart agreements to be widely used however, several questions need to be answered. These questions will form some of the topics our panel will debate at #SXSW2018.
How will the role of your legal counsel change? Will it be reduced? Will lawyers need to learn to code? Or will programmers join the legal team?
Where will the data come from to connect smart contracts to the data they need to make decisions? How will we know we can rely on these data sources?
How does the role of ID proofing change as we build contracts that will automatically transfer large sums of money?
Do smart contracts require a decentralized "trust-less" block chain to operate? Or can these same contracts be built on ‘trusted' networks?
There are many other questions of course. If you have any questions you'd like to see us address, please let me know. Looking forward to seeing you in Austin!
NewsPolitics - Canada, Population Control
OTTAWA, July 13, 2015 (LifeSiteNews) -- Green Party leader Elizabeth May admits she signed a population control resolution calling for financial sanctions against families who have more than two children, and for Canada to support abortion access worldwide.
But although she signed it, May disavows endorsing the resolution as written. “There are ways to read it that I would find unacceptable,” she told LifeSiteNews in a telephone interview. “Why I signed was that I could see how it can be acceptable.”
Yet even as May distanced herself from the resolution, promoted by the Population Institute of Canada (PIC), Britain's Conservative government adopted a measure similar to one the Ottawa-based NGO is calling for – although, arguably, for ostensibly different motives.
Tory Chancellor George Osborne's July 8 budget eliminates tax credits and housing benefits to families for their third and subsequent children, effective April 2017.
PIC's resolution calls for cutting off additional tax benefits and government payments for couples who have more than two children, and immigration quotas that consider Canada's environment and “quality of life for Canadians.”
It also asks that Canada's development aid not “impose any restrictions” on family planning, maternal health or “women's right to choose” that are “inconsistent with Canada's own laws and practices,” and that Canada support women's rights worldwide to have “access to the same reproductive health services” Canadian women have.
Only May has so far signed the three-part “Resolution on Population and Environment” PIC sent to MPs and senators on June 10, according to PIC president Madeline Weld.
“I am very well aware of what a touchy subject this is and how anything pertaining to population growth and immigration is very sensitive, and politicians are very careful not to want to offend anyone for obvious reasons,” Weld, former director of the Humanist Association of Canada and one-time director of Planned Parenthood Ottawa, told LifeSiteNews in a telephone interview.
Indeed, May faults PIC's resolution because “it might look like there is an unfeeling dismissiveness towards additional children,” and points out that the Greens want more, not less, immigration, “because we want to ensure we have a stable work force.”
She signed it because “the Green Party is the only federal party that has a policy on global population” and “population is a real issue and other parties are ducking it,” May told LifeSiteNews.
The Greens would achieve a “stable global population” through increasing “education and health care and economic and political autonomy for women and girls,” May explained. “And when you do that globally, levels of population and fertility do invariably balance out.”
“We are quite against any of the heavy-handed efforts of the past around population control,” she told LifeSiteNews, “that language makes me extremely squeamish and is wrong morally and also doesn't work pragmatically.”
May also said that if “economic pressures are leading a woman to consider terminating her pregnancy our ‘pro-life/pro-choice policy' calls for support of that woman.” At the same time, she reiterated that the Greens “definitely support that we need to have legal access to safe abortion, because we don't want women dying in back alleys.”
“I do believe firmly that we can make things work for everybody,” May concluded.
Campaign Life Coalition president Jim Hughes described it as “unfortunate that the Green Party leader signed on to a document that calls for, in layman's terms, a two-child policy in Canada.”
Hughes was commenting on the resolution's call that “all tax credits and government payments be structured so as not to provide additional funding to families with more than two children.”
“Preserving the sustainability and wellbeing of Canadians must always start by placing the human person at its center,” Hughes emphasized. “This overpopulation lobby, however, thinks that killing people by abortion and preventing births is the solution.”
Canada's population has in fact been below replacement level for nearly four decades, according to a 2011 Statistics Canada, while a 2008 StatsCan report warned that if fertility declined from the then 1.5 children per woman, deaths would begin to outnumber births by around 2020.
But Weld says these gains in depopulating the nation through a birth dearth have been offset by the arrival of new Canadians.
“We've had pretty much mass immigration since 1990 started by Brian Mulroney, so we're taking in at least a quarter of a million every year, regardless of the economic situation,” Weld told LifeSiteNews, adding that in 2010, Canada allowed in over 500,000 immigrants, if one includes temporary former workers in that total.
“As far as the environment's concerned, whether they're a citizen or not yet a citizen, they put a stress on the environment,” she stated.
Indeed, two-thirds of the current growth of Canada's population is “due to immigration,” Weld claimed, but added that PIC's resolution makes no “absolute statement” asking for a ban on immigration, only that “we would suggest to Canada and all countries that we have some kind of population policy.”
She also argues that Germany's “natural increase is now negative, and it's the economic powerhouse of Europe, so I think that throws to the wind that you need to have a constantly increasing population.”
Germany, however, experienced its highest immigration levels in 2013, according to the country's statistic website Destatus, and after the United States, is the second most popular destination country for immigrants.
A biologist with Health Canada, Weld contends that people who are “concerned about population growth” are “not quite mainstream yet,” although “we certainly are with biologists and ecologists, but not with economists, who don't believe in limits to growth apparently.”
It's notable that one of PIC's patrons is conservation biologist Paul Ehrlich, the 83-year-old Stanford University-based population alarmist and butterfly researcher whose 1968 book The Population Bomb set off a worldwide panic over population growth.
“Overpopulation is a myth,” points out the pro-life Population Research Institute (PRI), but it is one that “has caused human rights abuses around the world, forced population control, denied medicines to the poor, and targeted attacks on ethnic minorities and women.”
Click "like" if you are PRO-LIFE!
And it is tenacious, with population alarmists continuing to campaign, as evidenced by John Gruetzner's lament in a July 7 Hill-Times opinion piece that Canada's media “by and large overlooked” the PIC resolution.
“A commitment to zero population growth offers a large number of people more humanity long term and better conditions to sustain our current levels of prosperity,” warned Gruetzner, a card-carrying Liberal and vice-chair of a business consulting firm with links to China.
“The post-modernist collapse depicted in the Mad Max film series will only be science fiction if we fail to project what the future holds for us and not act now,” he added ominously.
However PRI, whose president is social scientist Steven Mosher, methodically debunks the overpopulation myths, asserting that the “human race is in no danger of overpopulating the planet, and in fact is facing a demographic collapse.”
Even the traditionally left-wing New York Times has admitted that Ehrlich's dire predictions have come to naught.
Ehrlich's contemporary and most vocal opponent was the late Julian Simon, professor of business administration at the University of Maryland and fellow of the Cato Institute. Simon told Wired Magazine in 1997: “Whatever the rate of population growth is, historically it has been that the food supply increases at least as fast, if not faster.”
According to the Federalist's Paul Tracinski, “The ‘ultimate resource', Simon argued, is human thought and ingenuity which is constantly discovering untapped resources and inventing new ways to use them.”
Contact:
Elizabeth May, MP
Hill Office
Confederation Building, Room 518
Ottawa, Ontario K1A 0A6
Tel: 613.996.1119
[email protected]
Do you sometimes feel powerless to stem the tide of artists and cultural venues being destroyed or driven out of San Francisco and Oakland by the huge influx of ultra-wealthy businesses and individuals into the region? Are you going to stand by while yet another art and cultural space, which on a weekly basis hosts a wide range of cross-pollinating diverse communities, makes way for yet another culturally homogenized development?
For the past 15 glorious years the Oakland Opera Theater, and our venue the Oakland Metro Operahouse , have been presenting live performance of every ilk: opera, circus, spoken word, performance art, vaudeville, dance, theater, music . . . . . We've been pushed around from space to space, but we've always managed to stay open and stay within a few blocks of Oakland's Jack London Square.
About 18 months ago our landlords at 630 3rd Street asked us to leave in order to make way for a tech company able to pay 3 times as much rent. Fortunately, (and with their help) we were able to find a new spot (522 2nd Street) about 2 blocks away that's actually really nice inside. There was a bunch of work to do on the building to pass fire and health inspections etc., as there has been every time we've moved, but we've already taken care of all that, and we are open and holding performances at 522 2nd. We have a 10 years lease on the building. Unfortunately once we'd put 6 months work and a huge amount of money into our new venue we discovered that we have a neighbor.
If you walk around the garbage and graffiti covered block that surrounds the new theater you will find trucking companies, vacant buildings and empty lots,, you wouldn't think there could be anyone there who might object to others exercising freedom of expression, but there is. Our neighbor is neither resident, nor does he run a business in Oakland. He's the landlord of a nearby building who doesn't want us to operate, just in case he's able to put a tech company in someday. So he contacted every conceivable regulatory agency and convinced one of them to put a zero tolerance noise restriction on the theater. So now we must do sound proofing in order to comply with the conditions of our operating license.
We are seeking $20,000 to build 3 "soundproofing"interior separation walls within the venue. This should help substantially in keeping the performance volumes from being heard much on the street. If you are able to help, even a small amount will make a large difference. It is our hope that through 1000's of small donates we can meet our goal and stay open for the next many years.
This fundraising campaign began on March 10th and runs until March 25th, 2016
There are two ways to donate to our fundraising campaign, through Paypal or through the ticketing site, holdmyticket.com.
1) If you choice paypal, just follow the DONATE link above, enter the amount you wish to donate. There is a list of rewards for various donation levels HERE If you use paypal WE will be charged a percentage by paypal for the transaction.
2) If you choice holdmyticket event, hit the BUY TICKET link above. Buy the 'TICKET" of the value you desire to donate There is no physical "event" to go to. March 10th marks the begining and March 25rd marks the end of our fundraising campaign. It's just a way to except online donations. If you use holdmyticket YOU will be charged a percentage by holdmyticket for the transaction.
THE OAKLAND OPERA THEATER (UNDERWORLD OPERA COMPANY) IS A NON PROFIT 501(c)(3) ORGANIZATION. ALL DONATIONS ARE TAX DEDUCTIBLE TO THE FULL EXTENT OF THE LAW
— David Blatt was giving a speech to players and coaches at the adidas Eurocamp on Saturday afternoon about life lessons sprinkled with some basketball when he came to the part about accepting a lesser role for the good of the team.
"Do you know Andre Iguodala?" he asked the audience inside the main gym of the La Ghirada Sports Complex.
Many players nodded.
"So do I, unfortunately," Blatt said.
Boom.
Iguodala was the perfect example to illustrate the point, the one-time starting small forward in Golden State who went to the bench without complaint and became a key to the 2015 championship while being named Finals MVP in a not-so-lesser role after all. Saturday, he was also Blatt's punchline at his own expense, the gallows humor of Blatt knowing Iguodala all too well from a year ago, when Iguodala and the Warriors won the title at the expense of the Cavaliers and coach David Blatt.
It was coach David Blatt of Turkish club Darussafaka who spoke at the largest gathering of current and future international prospects for the NBA Draft. A team in Istanbul, not Cleveland. The shorthanded Cavs had a commendable showing last June, lost to Golden State in six games, management became increasingly concerned about the mood inside the locker room, and Blatt was fired in January, caring not that they came close to a championship or had the best record in the Eastern Conference at the time.
He wanted to still be in the NBA, especially with the Knicks, the job Blatt really wanted. But New York hired Jeff Hornacek. He had strong interest in the Kings. But Sacramento chose Dave Joerger. Blatt also interviewed for the Rockets' vacancy. But Houston hired Mike D'Antoni. So, Turkey.
"I don't think that my chances are gone," Blatt told NBA.com. "I just think right now I'm not thinking about. But, no. I think I did enough good things in the NBA and I know enough people to where if it's my desire in some way, shape or form to come back that I could. But it's just not what I'm thinking about right now."
It is his desire.
"I would one day," he said. "But I'm trying to focus right now on my next challenge. I never sat and dreamed on a daily basis of being in the NBA and it happened because I worked hard and was part of enough very successful things that it made me a viable candidate. I hope to do the same thing and if I want the same result could come."
It's hardly a bad outcome. Blatt is a coaching legend in Europe after growing up in the Boston area and playing at Princeton and then enjoying great success in Israel, Russia and Italy in particular, including a stint here with Italian club Benetton Treviso. Much of the continent feels comfortable, not just La Ghirada.
It's just that this is no place to put much distance on the 123 games with Cleveland. It is not quite five months since he was fired after 1 ½ seasons, hardly time to heal, and most of all the Eurocamp address came about six hours after the Cavaliers lost Game 4 of the Finals rematch with Golden State. Cavs-Warriors, the NBA run that really wasn't after years of his name being connected with pro jobs in North America ... and Iguodala. There is no escape.
There is avoidance, though: Blatt is not watching the championship series.
"It's hard for me to watch the team on TV right now," he said. "I follow the Finals and I certainly watched a lot of the playoff games, but it's a little hard for me to watch the games on TV right now. But I'm certainly aware of what's going on."
How the Cavaliers appear headed to the same outcome while much healthier than a year ago. How many of the chemistry issues were put on him, good results or not. And, yes, that speculation has centered on Blatt being fired because LeBron James issued a directive from on high that Tyronn Lue be elevated from assistant coach to the No. 1 chair.
"No," Blatt told NBA.com, dismissing the notion of James as the impetus for change. "I don't know exactly why. But that's not what I think."
Enough time has passed that Blatt has been able to process the decision that may not alter the outcome -- a Finals loss and the best record in the East with him, a Finals loss without him -- but not enough to be able to watch Cleveland in The Finals. It still stings.
An ocean and a continent away, back in the familiar territory of Europe and Treviso, he isn't able to get far from the Cavs yet. Or Iguodala, unfortunately.
Scott Howard-Cooper has covered the NBA since 1988. You can e-mail him here and follow him on Twitter.
The views on this page do not necessarily reflect the views of the NBA, its clubs or Turner Broadcasting.
In the 1940s and '50s, kids fell in love with a new technology, and adults freaked out. A psychiatric researcher warned that this latest pastime was “a distinct influencing factor in the case of every single delinquent or disturbed child” he had studied. In 1948, Time magazine said that it would “not only inspire evil but suggest a form for the evil to take.” As David Hajdu relates in his insightful history of the era, “The Ten-Cent Plague ,” states and cities introduced more than a hundred laws to ban or limit its sale. Congress held televised hearings to denounce it.
Which is all to say, the country panicked — because of the comic book. Sixty-odd years on, of course, this seems hysterical. And yet substitute “ Internet ,” “video game” or “texting,” and the sky seems to be falling again. We have visions of children becoming victims of lurking adult predators or teenagers themselves sending compromising sexual photos that go viral. We worry about the use of social-networking sites to humiliate vulnerable classmates or start fights that can turn physical. These are legitimate concerns. Online seductions of children are rare but devastating. Some children are hurt by sexting and cyberbullying.
And yet the overall rates of child sex crimes and of teen sex are down since the 1990s, as are juvenile crime, school violence and teen fighting. David Finkelhor, director of the Crimes Against Children Research Center at the University of New Hampshire , calls this distance between anxiety and reality “juvenoia” and chalks it up to an “exaggerated fear about the influence of social change on children.” Parents and lawmakers are, in short, so worried about protecting our children that they can fail to distinguish between real threats and phantom ones. That can lead to quick fixes that send the government, with all its law-enforcement power, in the wrong direction.
California , for example, decided to play the role of protector by banning the sale of violent video games to kids under age 18. The state says that the ban was passed to help prevent “violent, aggressive and antisocial behavior” among children. But even though the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Psychological Association see a link between the games and aggression, others in the field disagree, viewing the games simply as a vehicle for fantasy. The video-game makers argued in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit that no court had found firm evidence that gaming causes violence. As the court pointed out in its ruling in favor of the game makers, the state's leading expert concluded his analysis with the admission that there is a “glaring empirical gap” in the research. It's possible that over time, children who blast on-screen avatars are more likely to punch their classmates. But we don't really know. The case ended up in front of the Supreme Court , and a decision is expected this month.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Parents can of course decide to err on the side of caution for their own children. But with its sales ban, California went over the heads of parents who don't think the games hurt their children, and who may turn out to be right. The state also collided with another value enshrined in law: free speech. Amid all the blasting and beheading, video games tell stories.
Photo
Dental remains discovered by German paleontologists who were sifting through gravel and sand in a former bed of the Rhine River could potentially lead to a “rewriting” of human history.
The fossilized remains of what are believed to be great ape teeth, an upper right first molar and an upper left canine, were found a little over a year ago near the town of Eppelsheim in southwestern Germany in sediments that date back 10 million years.
“It's perfectly preserved. It actually looks like a new excellent tooth; however, it's no longer white. It's shining like amber,” Herbert Lutz, head of the excavation team and deputy museum director at the Mainz Natural History Museum, told USA Today.
Lutz said that the discovery is groundbreaking for its potential to alter our understanding of how humans developed and migrated in prehistoric times.
“I don't want to over-dramatize it, but I would hypothesize that we shall have to start rewriting the history of mankind after today,” Mainz Mayor Michael Ebling told reporters during a press conference this week announcing the discovery, reports the Times of Israel.
THE FASCINATING SEX LIFE OF JONATHAN, THE 186-YEAR-OLD TORTOISE
According to researchers, our current understanding is that hominins, our extinct human ancestors, left Africa about 120,000 years ago. The discovered remains are significantly older.
“We have comparable finds only in East Africa…but they are only 2, 3, 4 or 5 million years old, and Eppelsheim is almost 10,” said Matz. “So the question is: What has happened? We don't know where this great ape came from. We do not have comparable finds from southern Europe.”
Although the scientist made the discovery in September 2016, they were so confused by what they'd found they waited until this month to release a report about it.
As of now, it is not known where the teeth fit in humankind's family tree. However, Lutz and his team of researchers are only just beginning to fully examine their unique find.
“It's a complete mystery where this individual came from, and why nobody's ever found a tooth like this somewhere before," Lutz said in an interview with ResearchGate, where the report was published.
Women's groups are demanding that the Government take a stand against sexual assault at university.
They argue that a lack of clear national guidelines means that many universities have no political obligation to address such incidents on campus.
A Telegraph survey found that one in three female students face sexual assault while at university .
But, despite the prevalence of the problem, students from the top universities in Britain say that they were left unsupported when they reported assault to their tutors. Many are left to study alongside their attacker.
Following a series of articles in the Telegraph, about this issue, End Violence Against Women (EVAW), an alliance of charities and campaign groups, has written to the government to demand action.
Letters have been sent to business secretary Vince Cable, whose department funds British universities; education secretary Nicky Morgan; and Jo Swinson, women and equalities minister. They request that politicians put pressure on universities to improve their sexual assault policies, and ensure that campuses are safe places for women.
A legal briefing was also sent to the MPs, showing that universities that do not properly protect students are in breach of the Human Rights act and the Equality Duty.
Universities are legally obligated to investigate reports of sexual assault and to consider women's safety when developing campus security policies, according to public law solicitor Louise Whitfield.
In response, Cable has agreed to look into the problem of sexual assault on campus.
“Whether it's on or off campus, eradicating violence against women is a cause that I feel deeply passionate about,” he says. “I am happy to meet with End Violence Against Women and discuss this important issue in more detail.”
But while a meeting is a positive first step, Sarah Green, acting director of EVAW says that following the discussion, the business secretary should commit to taking action.
“We'd like Vince Cable to use his influence to impress on universities that sexual assault a priority that must be addressed,” she says. “The safety of students is as important as any other higher education priority.”
If a high-profile politician such as Cable takes a stand on this issue, it should convince universities to monitor levels of assault, train their staff, and create clear policies on how to respond to reports, says Ms Green.
“Universities are clearly not doing enough at present either to support women students who report rape or harassment, or to deter such assaults in the first place,” she adds.
Education secretary Nicky Morgan has said that she supports the Bystander Intervention Initiative, a program commissioned by Public Health England that encourages students to speak out against sexual harassment when they see it. The scheme is currently in place in a handful of universities, and Ms Morgan says she would like more to take part.
“We know that there is more to be done and we are determined to relentlessly drive a culture change to support victims and survivors."
Students are demanding answers
But many students are increasingly angry about their universities failure to tackle sexual assault. They are also writing to their vice-chancellors, using a letter template and guidance from EVAW.
One, Martha Jephcott, is demanding answers on how Nottingham Trent university addresses sexual assault – and points to a case last year where a 21-year-old student, John Luke Dale, was convicted of assaulting a woman, while his friend filmed the act with his mobile phone.
Molly Ackhurst, who recently graduated from Warwick and is currently studying for a masters in Human Rights law at SOAS, has sent letters to the vice-chancellors at both universities.
She claims that every female student she knows has been groped at nightclubs, and says there is a real concern as to the adequacy of sexual assult policies and the support offered to students.
“Sexual violence is everywhere and there are so many things that universities have to do better,” she says. “It's impossible to find any information on what to do if you have a discrimination or harassment complaint, and the counselling support that is offered is quite frankly shocking in most institutions I know. One friend who went to see a counsellor was told ‘I can't solve all your problems' and the session only lasted seven minutes.”
The Telegraph survey has shown that sexual assault is common at university. Now both students and women's groups are demanding change.
Surely it's time for our politicians take a stand?
Uber Technologies Inc., facing a federal probe into whether it broke laws against overseas bribery, has embarked on a review of its Asia operations and notified U.S. officials about payments made by staff in Indonesia, people with knowledge of the matter said.
As the Justice Department looks into a possible criminal case, Uber is working with law firm O'Melveny & Myers LLP to examine records of foreign payments and interview employees, raising questions about why some potentially problematic business dealings weren't disclosed sooner, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
Attorneys are focused on suspicious activity in at least five Asian countries: China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia and South Korea. For instance, Uber's law firm is reviewing a web of financial arrangements tied to the Malaysian government that may have influenced lawmakers there, the people said.
Uber said it's cooperating with investigators but declined to comment further. Wyn Hornbuckle, a Justice Department spokesman, declined to comment.
Late last year, Uber had a run-in with Indonesia police over the location of an office in Jakarta providing support to local drivers, people with knowledge of the events said. Police officers said the space was outside city zoning for businesses, so an employee decided to dole out multiple, small payments to police in order to continue operating there, the people said. The transactions showed up on the employee's expense reports, described as payments to local authorities.
Uber fired the employee, the people said. Alan Jiang, the company's head of Indonesia business who approved the expense report, was placed on a leave of absence and has since left the company. Jiang didn't respond to requests for comment.
At least one senior member of the legal team at Uber initially decided not to report the incident to U.S. officials when he learned of it late last year, the people said. After the Justice Department approached Uber about possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Uber informed officials about what happened in Indonesia. The Justice Department can be more lenient when a company voluntarily discloses information.
Multiple Investigations
Uber's law firm is also investigating a corporate donation, announced in August 2016, of tens of thousands of dollars to the Malaysian Global Innovation and Creativity Centre, a government-backed entrepreneur hub. Around that time, a Malaysian pension fund, Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan), invested $30 million in Uber, said people familiar with the deal. Less than a year later, the Malaysian government passed national ride-hailing laws that were favorable to Uber and its peers. Lawyers are trying to determine whether there was any form of quid pro quo.
Emil Michael and Eric Alexander, two former business executives at Uber, played key roles in negotiating those deals, the people said.
“We strongly refute our involvement in any quid-pro-quo arrangements,” a spokeswoman at Malaysian Global Innovation and Creativity Centre said via email.
Uber's law firm is also asking questions about how Alexander came into possession of an India rape victim's medical records, a document he regularly carried around with him for several months in 2015. Michael and former Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick were aware that Alexander had the medical report, and they discussed it with colleagues. Alexander and Kalanick declined to comment through spokespeople, and Michael didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
Dealings in China and South Korea are also under review, though the details are unclear. The bribery inquiry is one of at least three federal probes the San Francisco-based company faces — the other two involve software developed by Uber to gather data on competitors and deceive law enforcement officials conducting stings on Uber drivers.
Before the probe into foreign payments, O'Melveny & Myers advised self-driving car startup Otto on its sale to Uber. Alphabet Inc. is now suing Uber over trade secret claims related to that deal. In June, Uber asked O'Melveny & Myers to focus on the India probe, and the scope expanded.
It's common in corporate fraud cases for companies to conduct an internal investigation into allegations of misconduct and report those findings to the Justice Department. Such internal probes often help the government decide the size and scope of an investigation.
The mounting legal troubles have played a role in the departures of several top executives, including Kalanick. He was pressured to step down by investors, who said his leadership put the company at legal risk. The head of compliance left this month, and Salle Yoo, the chief legal officer, also said she plans to depart after helping new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi find her successor. On Tuesday, Michael Brown, head of operations in Asia, said he plans to leave.
©2017 Bloomberg L.P.
This article was written by Eric Newcomer from Bloomberg and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. Please direct all licensing questions to legal@newscred.com.
October 9, 2015
What's a free movie doing on the Ben & Jerry's website?!! Easy. We want you to watch it! It's a documentary called Pay 2 Play: Democracy's High Stakes. It's inspiring. It's funny. And it's awesome, especially when the director goes "all in" at the end. We won't spoil it for you. But it inspired us to keep doing all we can to Get the Dough Out of Politics, even while it put a smile on our faces. From October 10-12th, you can watch it on Vimeo for FREE!
Pay 2 Play looks at the corrupting influence of money in politics, up close and personal. It follows candidates and activists as they work through a crazy system of campaign finance in America that's gone off the tracks. It also features Robert Reich, Lawrence Lessig, Marianne Williamson, Noam Chomsky, Van Jones and lots of other people working to change the system. The film not only looks at problems, but also offers a simple set of solutions we can work towards to take back our democracy.
During this free offer, just click the WATCH NOW button and when prompted, select RENT and use the code: Pay2PlayToday to waive the streaming rental fee.
During this special you can also purchase the DVD for 50% off. Just use promo code: 50%offPay2Play at checkout. The DVD discount expires 10/17/15.
(CNN) -- Four years ago Liu Wen entered a modeling contest in China to win a computer to use for school. Little did she know it would lead her to the Victoria's Secret runway in New York.
Wen, who will appear in the Victoria's Secret fashion show airing Tuesday on CBS, will be the first Victoria's Secret model of Asian descent to walk the catwalk, the company said.
"I was surprised when my agent told me," Wen said hours before she was set to walk the runway. She seemed only slightly overwhelmed: clad in a pink robe, one technician assigned to her fingernails, another to her toenails and another adding extensions to her already long black hair. "I asked my agent if she was joking. I didn't think an Asian girl would get this job."
Victoria's Secret plucked Wen, 21, out of a regular model casting call.
"Liu Wen is a beautiful woman. She has a strong and energetic presence on the runway. She looked absolutely stunning in our fashion show," said the show's executive producer, Monica Mitro.
At 5-foot-10, Wen said she towered over her classmates in China.
The newest addition to the Victoria's Secret family was born in Yongzhou in China's Hunan province in 1988, the daughter of an interior designer dad and a stay-at-home mom.
She was in high school when, on a whim, she submitted photos for a modeling contest, hoping to win the top prize of a laptop computer.
"I was studying to be a teacher in China and my friend was entering a modeling contest," she said. "The prize was a computer, and I needed a computer for school. So I entered the contest, too, and then I won."
Her family and friends, including the one who originally had the idea to enter the contest, were shocked.
"My friends were all surprised," she said. "They were all like, 'sure, you're pretty.' "
Soon Wen had moved from Yongzhou to the Chinese capital of Beijing, where she appeared on the covers of Chinese editions of FHM and Marie Claire, as well as in editorials for Chinese Vogue. In 2008 she landed on the cover of Chinese Elle alongside fellow rising star Emma Pei.
Wen made her runway debut in Milan, Italy, in 2008, followed quickly by Paris, France, and New York fashion weeks where she walked in such shows as Anna Sui, Dolce & Gabbana, Alexander McQueen, Chloé and Lanvin.
Although her walk down the runway will be a first for Victoria's Secret, Wen is part of a growing trend for Asian models worldwide that began several years ago with Devon Aoki. The past few seasons of fashion shows have featured Asian models on almost every high-end runway.
"I talk to my mom in China every day when I am traveling. My family is always excited to hear about the top designers I am meeting and the clothes I get to wear," Wen said.
She said was familiar with the Victoria's Secret show, though being on the inside was something new.
"Of course I had seen the show on television. I watched it every year," Wen said. "But it was so different when I got here and got to meet the other girls. I got to meet Heidi Klum for the first time after I had known about her for so long. And she was so nice."
Wen thinks she may try her hand at acting when she has gotten over the modeling bug, but she said she would be just as happy returning to China to be a teacher like she originally planned.
"In the classroom everyone respects the teacher. The teacher has all the control and has the ability to shape all of her students' lives," Wen said. "But for now modeling is such great fun. I'm still trying out new sexy faces."
People who have never traveled alone often describe their first solo trip as an almost religious experience. To take in new surroundings unfiltered by the prejudices, tastes, or preferences of a traveling companion can be heady stuff. Traveling alone gives you the chance to indulge yourself fully.
Of course, single travel has its perils too—such as safety concerns, loneliness, and the dreaded single supplement. But a little preparation and common sense can save you money and get you through the rough spots.
Why Travel Alone?
Solo travel can be the ultimate in self-indulgence; you can rest when you want and pour it on when you're feeling ambitious. Another benefit is that your mistakes are your own, and your triumphs all the more exciting. There's no worrying that your insistence on trekking all the way across town to a museum that was closed ruined your partner's day; it's your own day to salvage or chalk up to a learning experience.
Also, you can do exactly what you want to do—all the time. Always wanted to try surfing? Sign up for a class and go for it; there's no one sitting on the beach bored while you have the time of your life. Have no desire to see Niagara Falls? Just drive right by. For more benefits of solo travel, see 11 Reasons Why You Should Travel Alone at Least Once.
How to Travel Alone Safely
Perhaps the foremost concern of the solo or single traveler is safety. Without a companion to watch your back, you are more vulnerable to criminals and scam artists, as well as simple health worries. But the saying “safety in numbers” isn't necessarily true—a solo traveler can blend in more easily than a group, and not drawing attention to yourself as a tourist is one way to stay secure. Here are a few safety tips for traveling alone:
Know how long it takes and how much it costs to get from the airport to your hotel or to the city center. Solo travelers are more likely to be “taken for a ride,” so ask the taxi driver for an estimated fare before you leave. If it's considerably different from what you know to be true, take a different cab (or opt for a rideshare instead).
Book a hotel with a 24-hour front desk if you'll be arriving late, so you don't end up sleeping in your car or worse.
Be your own best counsel; if it doesn't feel right, don't do it.
Carry good identification, in more than one place.
Stick to open and public places, especially at night.
Exude confidence and walk purposefully.
Avoid appearing like a tourist. Ditch the Disney T-shirt and don't walk around with your face in a guidebook. (See 10 Things You Should Never Wear Abroad for more thoughts on this one.)
Don't draw attention to yourself by wearing flashy clothes or jewelry.
Lie a little. When asking directions, don't let on that you are alone: “Can you direct me to the museum? I have to meet a friend.”
Check your maps and transportation schedules before leaving your hotel/train/rental car/tourist office. A solo traveler who's too absorbed in her phone can be a mark for unsavory types.
Leave a copy of your itinerary with a friend or family member at home, and stay in touch regularly via phone, text, video chat, or email.
For U.S. citizens traveling internationally, consider signing up for the free Smart Traveler Enrollment Program (STEP), which could help the State Department assist you in case of emergency. If you're from outside the States, see if your home country has a similar program.
Trust Everyone and No One
One of the best reasons to travel alone is to meet new people, but this also makes you more vulnerable. It's okay to hang out, travel, and share with new friends, but you might not want to ask them to hold your money. Scam artists can often be the most charming companions you'll find; you want to be open-minded, but keep your guard up enough to ensure your safety.
Avoiding the Single Supplement
Frequent solo travelers are all too familiar with the single supplement, which tour operators, cruise lines, and hotels often tack onto your bill to make up for the fact that they're not making money off a second occupant. The supplement can range anywhere from 25 to 100 percent of the trip cost, meaning that you could end up paying twice as much as someone traveling with a partner.
There are several ways to get around the single supplement. You can avoid it altogether by booking with a tour operator that offers roommate matching, such as G Adventures, Intrepid Travel, or Road Scholar. By finding you a roommate, the company maximizes its own profit off each room and saves you the single supplement. The catch is, of course, that you'll have to share a room with a stranger. If you're concerned, contact the tour operator and see what kind of procedures they use to match roommates. Some pair people off at random, while others will make an effort to put complementary personalities together.
Several cruise lines offer single staterooms on select ships, including Royal Caribbean, Norwegian Cruise Line, Cunard, and P&O Cruises.
You can sometimes save money by booking at the last minute. Tour operators eager to sell out their last few places may be willing to reduce their usual single supplement. Insight Vacations and Road Scholar are two companies that regularly discount or waive single supplements.
It's not for everyone, but you may also want to consider staying in a hostel, which charges per bed rather than per room. Hostelling International properties tend to be reliably clean and secure, and they're open to travelers of all ages. You can find more hostels and read reviews at HostelWorld.com.
Tips for Solo Dining
Eating alone isn't so bad. Many solo travelers (and frequent business travelers) hate dining by themselves, worried that they appear like some worn-out Willy Loman of the road. There's even a name for it: solomangarephobia. (Occasionally the fear is justified—see Terror at the Table for One.) The following tips can help you overcome what for many travelers is the most unpleasant aspect of going it alone.
Chat with the service people. Waiters and waitresses are some of the best local color you'll find.
Cafe or outdoor dining is often attractive to single travelers; sitting alone with a book in a cafe isn't as unusual as a table for one at a fancy restaurant.
Choose a counter seat or a seat at the bar.
Go to a restaurant that has booths, which offer more privacy.
Bring reading materials. If you start to feel uneasy sitting alone and staring down at your food, you can crack open a book, whip out your phone, or read a magazine.
If you don't want to endure yet another public meal alone, use room service or order carry-out from a restaurant nearby.
Eat well. Just because you're alone and on the run doesn't mean you shouldn't take time for sit-down meals, a leisurely cup of coffee, or a decadent dessert.
When You've Just About Had It
The constant sensory input and vigilance of traveling alone can wear you down. If you feel your attention or your body flagging, don't be afraid to back off your ambitious itinerary, slow the pace, and kick back for a bit.
When traveling abroad, seek out an expat bar—locals will often know where these are—where you can hang out and speak your native tongue with some fellow expatriates and travelers. When traveling in more familiar locales, a hot shower and a night in front of the tube in a nice hotel room can often give you enough of a reprieve to send you out eagerly the next morning.
Resources for Solo Travelers
Best Single Travel offers trips, cruises, and weekend getaways for solo travelers of all ages.
Intrepid Travel has dedicated solo trips as well as a roommate-matching program on the rest of its offerings, so you never have to pay a solo supplement if you don't want to.
One Traveller is a U.K.-based company leading trips for the “mature single traveller” (aged 50+) to destinations in Europe, Asia, Africa, and North America.
Singles Travel International offers trips for solo travelers with an average age of 48 through 65. If the company can't find you a roommate by the time you make your final payment, you can have a room to yourself for free.
Solos is a U.K.-based company offering a wide variety of solo-only trips around the globe.
Solo Traveler offers tips, resources, and destination guides for solo travelers.
Women Traveling Together is for solo female travelers who prefer to be with a group of like-minded women. The company offers tours, retreats, and other getaways, complete with roommate matching.
More from SmarterTravel:
Don't Miss a Trip, Tip, or Deal! Let us do the legwork! Sign up for our free newsletter now. Sign Up
Editor's note: This story was originally published in 2017. It has been updated to reflect the most current information.
“64 hours in October” is a firsthand account of the drama that unfolded, Oct. 7-9, 2016, from the release of the infamous Access Hollywood tape to the second presidential debate — and everything in between.
It began as a relatively quiet day in the presidential campaign. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were each holed up with their aides on Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, preparing for the second presidential debate scheduled for Sunday night. Hurricane Matthew, which was churning off the Florida coast, led the Friday morning newscasts. But by mid-afternoon, three separate bombshells, all coming within the span of 90 minutes, threatened to throw the race into chaos.
First, the top intelligence officials of the Obama administration announced their belief that the Russian government was behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee earlier in the year. Then the Washington Post published the infamous Access Hollywood tape that caught Donald Trump bragging about forcing himself on women. And WikiLeaks dumped its trove of emails from the Clinton campaign, hacked from the account of campaign head John Podesta.
Yahoo News conducted nearly two dozen on-the-record interviews with top officials inside and outside the Clinton and Trump campaigns and the Obama administration as well as major media figures in Washington, D.C., New York and beyond to produce an exclusive oral history of the wildest 64 hours in modern political history.
The resulting documentary film and online feature present a firsthand account of three pivotal days in the campaign, and paints a vivid picture of the behind-the-scenes drama that unfolded inside the Post newsroom, Trump Tower, Clinton's campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, her Westchester, N.Y., hotel, and the debate site in St. Louis – where the Trump campaign arrived with Bill Clinton's accusers in tow.
The dizzying events of that weekend reflect some essential truths about the two candidates and their campaigns: Clinton cool, cautious and cocooned by staff; Trump instinctual, aggressive and unbound by propriety and convention. The same qualities that have so often gotten him in trouble were the also ones that rescued him from this crisis. A scandal that might have ended the career of a more conventional candidate somehow morphed into an opportunity for him to show off his resilience — a lesson the nation is still learning about the candidate who emerged triumphant from that one astonishing weekend, one year ago.
Among the participants interviewed by Yahoo News:
• David Fahrenthold*, the Washington Post reporter who broke the story about the Access Hollywood
• Kellyanne Conway*, Trump campaign manager who helped craft Trump's response to the tape
• David Bossie*, the deputy campaign manager who first showed the tape to Trump
• Jeh Johnson*, former Secretary of Homeland Security who co-wrote the Obama administration's joint statement on the Russia government's hacking of the election
• James Clapper*, former Director of National Intelligence who co-wrote the Russia statement with Johnson
• Jason Chaffetz*, former congressman who was among the first prominent Republicans to withdraw their endorsement of Trump
• Dick Durbin, Democratic senator, Ill., who was seated behind Bill Clinton's accusers at Sunday's debate in St. Louis
• Roger Stone*, Trump's longtime political adviser
• Karen Finney*, Clinton strategic adviser and campaign spokesperson
• Brian Fallon, Clinton spokesman
• Jennifer Palmieri*, Clinton campaign communications director
• Ron Klain, Clinton campaign senior adviser
• Jesse Ferguson, Clinton campaign deputy national press secretary
• Philippe Reines, Clinton adviser who stood in for Trump during debate prep
• Joel Benenson*, Clinton chief strategist
• Maggie Haberman, New York Times reporter
• Jonathan Lemire*, Associated Press reporter
• Frank Fahrenkopf, co-chairman, Commission on Presidential Debates
• Ken Bone, town hall debate participant
* denotes on camera
Key quotes:
“The thing that really stood out, the place where I felt like we were seeing Donald Trump's character come through was in this line where he says to Billy Bush, you know, “You just start kissing them. I don't even stop. And when you're a star, they let you do it.” In those words, in “When you're a star, they let you do it,” there was a weird sense of wonder. Like, he's not BSing for his friend, he is actually reflecting that he can't believe the world lets him get away with this. That he was just expressing the unlimited things he could get away with because he was rich and famous. I thought that was one of the most telling things of that whole conversation — he's describing to you about how he views the world and what his place in it is.” — David Fahrenthold
Continue reading
A BRITISH deputy speaker in charge of upholding standards in the House of Lords has resigned after allegedly being filmed snorting cocaine with two sex workers.
Video obtained by the Sun on Sunday allegedly shows Baron John Sewel, 69, naked and snorting white powder from a woman's breasts at his rent-protected London apartment.
The married father of four, who is involved in legislating on sexual offences acts, prostitution and brothel-keeping laws, now faces a police investigation.
EXCLUSIVE: Deputy speaker of the Lords John Sewel caught taking coke with £200-a-night hookers http://t.co/QWy4v2ouDa pic.twitter.com/Z7VfuqcWwF — The Sun (@TheSun) July 26, 2015
Lords Speaker Baroness D'Souza branded Sewel's behaviour “shocking and unacceptable” and said she was calling in Scotland Yard.
“Today's revelations about the behaviour of Lord Sewel are both shocking and unacceptable. Lord Sewel has this morning resigned as Chairman of Committees,” Lady D'Souza said in a statement.
“The House of Lords will continue to uphold standards in public life and will not tolerate departure from these standards. These serious allegations will be referred to the House of Lords Commissioner for Standards and the Metropolitan Police for investigation as a matter of urgency.”
Lord Sewel, once a key ally of former Prime Minister Tony Blair, has resigned from his role as Deputy Speaker and the Chairman of the Privileges and Conduct Committee.
EXCLUSIVE Lord Coke: Top peer hoovers up coke with £200-a-night hookers http://t.co/TRaJXo0F9a pic.twitter.com/AmaqcOrRAj — #SunNation (@SunNation) July 26, 2015
Baron Sewel has not commented on the shocking 45-minute video, which allegedly shows him telling the $425-a-night call girls that he wanted to “be led astray”.
Hunched over a table, the crossbench peer is pictured holding a rolled-up banknote and snorting white powder.
Minutes later, he is seen lying naked on a bed before calling over one of the women, pulling down her top and snorting more powder off her breasts.
One of the escorts is filmed saying to him, “You're such a party animal!”, to which he allegedly replied, “I know. Disgusting, isn't it?”
He was also caught saying he wanted an Asian prostitute to join them, adding: “They sort of look innocent but you know they're wh***s. That's a really nice combination isn't it?”
The Sun reported Sewel insisted on turning a framed photo of his wife, Jennifer, face down on the table before the romp kicked off.
EXCLUSIVE: ‘Asian women look innocent but you know they're whores' - disgraced peer's outburst http://t.co/Auvvdzfffb pic.twitter.com/NdTIgzUoSk — The Sun (@TheSun) July 26, 2015
Sewel, who has two children and two stepchildren, wrote a blog for the Huffington Post earlier this month about the House of Lords' new powers to banish peers who breach the code of conduct.
“The actions of a little damage our reputation,” wrote Lord Sewel.
“Scandals make good headlines. All Members now sign a declaration to obey the code and the seven principles of public life. The requirement that Members must always act on their personal honour has been reinforced.
“No system of regulation can be perfect, but the House of Lords has come a long way since 2010 in improving its regulation of its Members and punishing the small number who misbehave. Today's new sanctions strengthen the regime further.”
Quick Access
Review / Favorite Track / For Fans Of / Atmosphere Levels / Links (Music & Social)
Rhinos, Beers and Stoner Rock, your New Dose of Humulus !
Review by a new contributor, please welcome Bernardo alias Mr. Inkeeper from Portugal
With a band name derived from a plant that produces beer, a rhino in the album cover and a rather abstract album name, you already know what it is coming through those speakers, but you might be wrong… It's the second full album by Humulus “Reverently Heading into Nowhere”.
Hailing from Brescia, Italy, Humulus delivers their new work to the stoner/doom community and once again it's clear that the European fuzzy music is good and well for many years to come!
With a full album edited in 2012 “Humulus” and a EP in 2015 “Electric Walrus” in their bag, they explore more branches of their sound in “RHINO” (let's call it that way), and evolve it into a more layered and fatter beast, a stampede of doom, stoner and psych, for me their best delivery to date, be aware of the Rhino!!
How is the sound ?
Remember what I've written? Yeah you might be wrong…
The first song “Distant Deeps or Skies” starts off with a sexy and instant attention grabber bass line that progress into a mix of stoner breaks, doom choruses and psychedelic verses that Humulus delivers with amazing grace and taste.
“Catskull” follows the same structure, a very sludgy atmosphere with a great stoner/doom riff, along with an awesome break that allows Humulus to explore the ways of the psych. Maybe gaining confidence for future albums? Maybe in the next one they'll push further into the psychedelic part of their sound, and I'm not mad at all about that!
And now things begin to diverge in very awesome ways…
“Anachronaut” starts off with a didgeridoo and a Sabbathy like riff (Iommi is that you? Damn! It's one of those that you close your eyes and just bounce your head), yeah you're not stoned (you probably are) but yes a didgeridoo, after a while an organ also enters in this crazy slow dance that Humulus provides to the listeners.
“The Gold Rush” presents more psych elements to their sound for brief moments until you are crushed again under their thunderous riffs. How can a band be so heavy and so chill at the same time? I'm in love with this song ending! The bass leading the psych, the spacey vocals, and the shy layers of axe riding.
And then again they come with a colossal riff in “The Great Hunt” only to be tempered once again by the bass in the psychedelic swamps where they dare to explore.
“Rama Kushna” is the reason why this album needs to be spread, a lot! Things start off as the usual, doom with great doses of groove, and then they turn off the gain completely, and suddenly it's kind of a 70's funk track at some parts,
it's so “danceable” you know?
The album finishes off with the stampeding sound of Humulus, heavy heavy doom riffs with psych parts battling its way until the end.
One more thing to say about this album, Andrea's vocals are freaking good and confident, one of the many reasons that this joint “glued” in my head!
Why is this album worth listening ?
If you are a religious person and blindly follows the “CHUBA” mantra (Church of the Bass), this album is for you.
Perfect blend of psych and doom with parts to throw you out of your feet, (“Anachronaut” has a didgeridoo FFS)
Dark, powerful, vigorous vocals in this one
In what situation you should listen to this album ?
If you decide to clean your living room with this on and loud on your speakers, remember to pull off the master air bassist in you, you might be surprisingly satisfied, kind of “I Want To Be Free” à la stoned.
Alone in the dark…
Something particular to note ?
I know that there are a lot of bands that are much more complex than Humulus in terms of arrangements and use of different instruments, but what makes this album very solid and fresh it's the simplicity of their sound, a tasteful mash up of doom, stoner and psych, the use of odd instruments (In this type of music) which they incorporate in their sound without trying too hard!
Great job guys!
The Inkeeper aproves!
KEEPING Hartlepool's hospital is one of the top priorities of Ukip's candidate in the town.
Phillip Broughton, Hartlepool's Ukip Prospective Parliamentary Candidate was one of the speakers at the party's conference.
He told visitors to the Borough Hall on the Headland, that the hospital situation is the biggest issue for residents and that the prospect of Wynyard Hospital is “pie in the sky”.
Mr Broughton said: “People don't want a new hospital, they want their existing hospital.
“It is a wish of the people in this town, and they must not be ignored, that they have their own hospital.”
• Ukip Hartlepool conference: Nigel Farage claims town will be among party's first seats in Westminster
He said past and current politicians had failed the people living in the town.
He said: “They all promised the people of Hartlepool that the hospital would be safe and that was a lie.
“It was Labour that signed away the hospital.”
Mr Broughton went on to say that the privatisation of the NHS started under Labour Prime Minister, Tony Blair.
He said: “Labour doesn't care about the NHS, they use the NHS as a political weapon.”
Hard-working people are being ignored and UKIP wants to stand up for them, said Mr Broughton, claiming under the party there would be no tax on people earning the minimum wage. He added: “If you want change come and back me.
“We are fighting for a better Hartlepool, stronger North East and a fairer Britain.”
Other speakers at the conference included Paul Nuttall, deputy leader of Ukip, Jonathan Arnott MEP, who is standing at the party's Prospective Parliamentary Candidate for Easington, Councillor Norman Dennis, the first Ukip councillor for South Tyneside Borough Council, and Suzanne Evans, Ukip deputy chairman.
Zero Dark Thirty, after earning five Oscar nominations including Best Picture, finally went wide this past weekend and immediately shot to No. 1 at the box office. While critics and political pundits have been writing about the film's depiction of torture for weeks, audiences may still emerge with a few questions about the film's inspirations. Were so many of the manhunt's heroes really women? Is there really a Muslim guy who works for the CIA? What about the dog? Was there really a dog?
Screenwriter Mark Boal himself has acknowledged that “all of the characters in the film are based on real people.” Some of these real people, like the agent who inspired Maya, still work under secret identities, and Boal says that he and director Kathryn Bigelow “went to great lengths” not to blow their cover, including, e.g., not casting people who look like them. Others are public figures or agents whose true identities have already been revealed, but the film still declines to refer to these characters by their full real names. Below we've taken our best shot at identifying the inspirations behind the characters in the film.
Maya (Jessica Chastain) – “Jen”
Stills from Zero Dark Thirty by Jonathan Olley / ©2012 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. All rights reserved. Silhouette of a woman by iStockphoto.
Maya is widely assumed to be based on a real CIA agent referred to as “Jen” in No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission that Killed Osama Bin Laden. In the book, former Navy SEAL Matt Bissonnette, who published the book under the name “Mark Owen,” says that Jen was “recruited by the agency out of college,” had been “working on the Bin Laden task force” for five years, and that “she'd worked to put all the pieces together” in tracking bin Laden to Abbottabad, Pakistan. She was, he says, “our go-to analyst on all intelligence questions regarding the target.”
While some of the movie's details differ slightly—Maya is recruited out of high school, not college, before working on the operation for a full decade—other Jen-related passages from the book read like the shooting script for Zero Dark Thirty. At one point Bissonnette describes how he asked Jen, “Honestly, what are the odds it's him?” “ ‘One hundred percent,' she shot back, almost defiant,” Bissonnette writes. Bissonnette also describes Jen's reaction when they brought back bin Laden's body:
Back in the hangar, Jen stayed on the perimeter of the crowd. She didn't say anything, but I knew from her reaction she could see Bin Laden's body on the floor. With tears rolling down her cheeks, I could tell it was taking a while for Jen to process. She'd spent half a decade tracking this man. And now there he was at her feet.
Peter Bergen, a journalist who has written about counterterrorism and the Middle East for years, has said that the “guy who was on the account from 2003 to May 1, 2011, when Bin Laden was killed, and the guy who was always saying … that Bin Laden is living in the mysterious compound in Abbottabad—that guy is a guy, he's not a female.” But this conflicts with statements from Bigelow, who has confirmed that the character of Maya was inspired by a woman. A report in the Washington Post notes the unpopularity of Maya's real-life counterpart in the agency and describes Maya as a combative person quite a bit like the character played by Chastain.
Jessica (Jennifer Ehle) – Jennifer Lynne Matthews
Stills from Zero Dark Thirty by Jonathan Olley / ©2012 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. All rights reserved. Silhouette of a woman by iStockphoto.
Jessica is one of Maya's colleagues, and probably the only one you could plausibly describe as her friend. It might qualify as a spoiler to mention that in a dramatic scene about halfway through the movie, Jessica is killed by a suicide bombing at Camp Chapman in Khost, Afghanistan. After she's killed, a news report provides voiceover to the scene, mentioning that among the CIA employees killed in the attack was a mother of three. The implication seems to be that Jessica is that mother, whose real name was Jennifer Lynne Matthews. Described as “one of the CIA's top experts on al-Qaeda,” the Agency made her name public in 2010, when it honored the 12 agents killed in the Camp Chapman attack. (Photos credited to Matthews' family have since been used in articles, but Slate could not be sure by press time whether any were publicly available.) According to news reports, the suicide bomber was a trusted source who turned out to be a double agent working for al-Qaeda. This matches what we see in the movie—although, according to those reports, he was let into the base without a search because of that trust, while in Zero Dark Thirty, “Jessica” instructs guards not to search him so as not to scare him off. It is possible Boal and Bigelow added that wrinkle in order to make the scene even more dramatic than it actually was.
Joseph Bradley (Kyle Chandler) – Jonathan Banks
Stills from Zero Dark Thirty by Jonathan Olley / ©2012 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. All rights reserved. Silhouette of a man by iStockphoto.
Kyle Chandler's Joseph Bradley, who oversees Maya's investigative work in Islamabad, is closely modeled on a man named Jonathan Banks, who was the CIA station chief in Pakistan. In 2010 he was named in a lawsuit brought by a Pakistani journalist whose relatives were killed by U.S. drone strikes. The lawsuit blew his cover, leading to protests in Islamabad. The CIA ended up pulling him from the country. (This turn of events is depicted in Zero Dark Thirty.) Though his actual identity is now known, he seems to have kept a relatively low profile since leaving Pakistan; we were unable to find a publicly available photograph of him.
National Security Advisor (Stephen Dillane) - John Brennan
BEIJING
In late 2010, Chinese customs officials imposed an import tax of 1,000 yuan (about $150 then) on every iPad brought into the country. Ignoring the fact that iPads differ in features and prices, officials set a single tariff: 20 percent of the tablet's listed 5,000-yuan value. People who paid 3,000 yuan for an iPad in Hong Kong — where smartphones and other electronics are much cheaper than on the mainland — were charged the same tariff. Even Chinese tourists returning home with their own iPads, bought in China, were taxed!
This levy, imposed without prior warning, provoked a torrent of criticism. Even the Commerce Ministry registered disapproval, fearing that the levy would violate China's commitments as a member of the World Trade Organization, which it joined in 2001.
As I set off for an overseas trip in January 2011, I asked the staff at the Beijing airport how to report that I would be leaving the country with an iPad, so as to avoid being taxed when I returned.
The first four people I asked said they didn't know; the fifth told me the levy had been revoked. (In fact, the tax was cut in half, but not rescinded entirely.)
If you work for a company that manages any part of their codebase using GitHub, or if you work in some open-source repositories with at least a few contributors, then I'm sure you're aware of how wonderful labels can be at organizing everyone's work. Maybe you never touch them, maybe your team already has an extensive label system in place, but regardless of how your team uses them, I think we can all agree that those seven default labels GitHub provides us with are kinda weak:
So obviously they had some good ideas here, such as flagging issues with question if there is a question related to how the code works. But the main issue with these labels is that they offer us no context about the status of an issue, only what type of issue it is, such as an enhancement or a bug.
This may be totally fine if you're the only contributor, or are only working with a small team of developers. But if you are a team lead/similar role, it is much more helpful to see the status and type of all issues at a glance.
Let's step into a repo and delete all of the existing default GitHub labels. We are going to follow a simple approach to a more rational labelling system.
Sane Labelling Scheme
We're going to introduce three different types of labels to this particular repo. Those three types are status labels, type labels and priority labels. We prefix the name of each label with what type of label it is, so something like “Status: <Name of Label>”. Let's begin with our status labels:
These new status labels cover a broad range of states that an issue may be in during different stages of development. The idea is that only one status label will be applied to any particular issue; for instance a new feature can't both be “In Progress” and “Abandoned” because that doesn't really make a lot of sense. Or maybe it does, who knows how you're running your projects.
So this list is fairly opinionated and may seem extraneous for your smaller projects. If on your team, for instance, “completing” an issue means that it is also “accepted” for release, then you may be able to do away with one of those labels, or perhaps add more if needed. These are just a general guideline, the important bit here is that they are all status labels.
Now we can tell, at a glance, what the progress of each issue is. It would also be helpful to see what type of issue it is that we are dealing with, which is where these handy type labels come in:
Here we see a lot of concepts recycled from GitHub's default labels, such as the question label. Note that, again, we've prefixed these label names, this time with “Type:” followed by the type of issue it is. You project may have more different types of issues — again, the important part is the prefix.
There are other types of sane labels you can add beyond just status and type labels. For instance, a lot of teams like to add priority labels so that everyone knows what issues are most critical. Personally, I find that as soon as priority labels are introduced to a project, every issue suddenly becomes “absolutely-mission-critical-fix-now-or-the-business-will-fail”. Here's what some might look like though if you're interested:
Using this sane system for labelling, we can categorize and track issues a lot better than we could before. Here's what our issues board might look like now that we've applied our sane labels:
Even by just glancing at the labels, we can learn so much about each issue. In this repo there are only four issues, but in larger repositories the benefits of a sane labelling scheme really shine. Instead of a wall of 92 issues marked with wontfix, you'd be greeted with clarity and sanity.
Some issues necessitate a table-flipping or two…
GitHub has a mechanism for filtering by labels; so if, for example you wanted to see all of the bugs that are currently being worked on, you could add the following to the little filter/search bar at the top:
label:”Type: Bug” label:”Status: In Progress”
The biggest issue with GitHub's labelling system is that it requires a lot of tedious clicking and typing inside of the GitHub UI to set up a system like this. You don't want to be wasting precious time at the start of a project setting up labels, which is why there is an easier way to accomplish this task.
Automate Label Creation
Like all great companies, GitHub has a public API. You can use it to read/write a repository's labels. But you're not going to meddle with an API every time you create a repo, which is why I built git-labelmaker. Now you can organize your labels directly from the command line.
Install it globally to your system, and then navigate into a git repository so that you can run the command:
$ npm i -g git-labelmaker
$ cd my-cool-git-repo
$ git-labelmaker
Interacting with the GitHub API requires that you use an access token, which you can generate right here. Make sure that your generated token has repo permissions. After you input your token, git-labelmaker will ask you to create a password which you will need to input each time you run it. This will ensure that you token is secure, and remembering a password is a lot easier than remembering a token.
git-labelmaker offers you a few different options for interacting with your project's labels:
The first is to create custom labels, which where you can literally add as many labels as you like just by directly specifying the name and colour.
You could instead add new labels from a JSON package that looks something like this, which is useful if you have a set of labels that you're going to re-use.
Finally, you are also able to remove labels currently attached to your repo using the “Remove Labels” option.
Additionally, you can reset the token/password if ever the need be.
It's the heat that wakes Mahmud. The midday sun hangs high over the Manus Island Regional Processing Centre and, although air-conditioned, the dorm that he shares with 29 other men in Oscar compound is stifling. From behind the thin sheets hung around his bunk he can hear the sounds of men playing the card game Hokm and the Iranian pop song “Tekoon Bede” drifting from the shared speakers. In the humid air Mahmud – not his real name – can smell their sweat mingled with stale tobacco and marijuana smoke.
Last night he dreamt that the Papuan guards had beaten him up. He used to have nightmares about the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, but the expat and local security officers have become his biggest fear. Even with medication his nights are restless, and if disturbed he awakes so startled that the other men haven't bothered to rouse him for breakfast in months.
He rolls onto his side, not yet ready to leave the security of this small private place. Beyond his sheet curtain the music changes to something in Arabic, but it's interrupted by a siren from beyond the compound. He rolls onto his back and listens. The guards say it's just the fire alarm being tested but the men of Manus Island Regional Processing Centre (MIRPC) suspect it's played to disturb the sleeping and distress the awake. For some it reminds them of air-raid sirens. For Mahmud it's the Revolutionary Guard again.
After two minutes the siren ends. Mahmud pulls back the sheets and dresses in his grey T-shirt and blue shorts, finds his sunglasses, and slips on a pair of blue thongs. The thongs are only a few months old and much more comfortable than his old ones. Of course, they can't protect his feet as well as his runners, but fungal infections are so common that he'd prefer to risk grazed heels and toes.
“How are there Australians that hate us and think we're their enemies? We fled persecution and war.”
He nods hello to the Iranians and Hazara playing Hokm and puts on his sunglasses as he walks to the door.
It's dazzlingly bright outside. All the buildings in Oscar compound, from the dorms to the mess hall to the shipping containers that serve as the toilet and shower blocks, are white. So is the ground, made from pulverised shells and limestone. Even with the sunglasses Mahmud needs to squint. There's hardly anyone outside. Most will be in their dorms avoiding the sun, or in the mess hall. That's where he's headed. He's thirsty but bottles are banned in Oscar.
As he walks across the yard he can smell the fumes from the generators along the fence line and hear their mechanical clunking compete with the noisy Manus friarbirds in the trees beyond the centre.
The mess hall is not busy for lunch. Mahmud gives his ID number to a guard at the door and helps himself to a cup of water from one of the 20-litre dispensers. He finishes the cup and has another, deciding whether to eat. He doesn't much like the food – bits of chicken, rice, some steamed vegetables – but he knows dinner is hours away and even though it's quiet there won't be much left after 1pm. Hunger overcomes, and he takes a plate to one of the long plastic tables and sits by himself.
He and the others around him eat quickly yet cautiously, sifting through the food looking for insects and other foreign bodies. A while back one man broke his bottom front row of teeth on a stone inside his meal. Today Mahmud finds nothing out of the ordinary, and within 15 minutes is back in his dorm trying to cool down.
A sharp noise rouses Mahmud from his half-slumber. It's the back gate to the compound slamming, and he knows what it means even before he sees the 20 or so khaki-shirted members of the Emergency Response Team stream past the doorway. It takes a moment to slip on his thongs and then he's out the door, following others from his dorm. There's a commotion near the mess hall. A man is shouting and struggling as a detachment of the ERTs restrain him, while the others form a line to keep a group of 30 to 40 shouting and jostling men back.
To Mahmud it looks like the group is fighting, but as he draws nearer he sees they're trying to help a man with blood streaming from his nose and four others nursing various wounds. Now he can see the restrained man. It's the Iraqi who talks to invisible men. He has attacked other men in Oscar three times before. He's still struggling and yelling as the ERTs carry him towards the solitary accommodation area.
“I was just leaving the mess hall,” Mahmud hears the one with the bloodied nose say as he's helped towards the bathrooms. “I hadn't done anything, and he hit me in the face with a chair.”
The presence of the ERTs leaves everyone anxious, but the fight is nothing special. As Mahmud and others walk back to the dorm he remembers a brief conversation with an Australian guard months before.
“How are you, mate?”
“How do you think I should be?”
“Yes, mate, we know. Same shit, different day.”
The afternoons are the hottest part of the day on Manus and many men take the opportunity to catch up on lost sleep. A few men leave Mahmud's dorm to join activities run by staff, but others will just show up to get points. The men are given 25 points a week to spend at the MIRPC canteen, with extra points for participation. A 45-minute English class earns one point, as does a staff-run gym session or card game, to a maximum of an extra 25 points. KitKats cost three points. A can of Fanta one. A pack of cigarettes is eight points.
As in places of incarceration all around the world cigarettes are the currency of MIRPC. The Papuan staff are very happy to trade illicit items for smokes. One pack will buy a joint, 20 a mobile phone. Another pack will buy phone credit. Mahmud doesn't smoke, so doesn't bother with the activities. This afternoon he will do a little writing and lie in his bunk with the curtain drawn, waiting for the sun to go down.
The mess hall rings with the sounds of shuffling chairs and conversation. It's so loud Mahmud can hardly hear Ali talking right next to him. News of the negotiations between the Australian and Philippine governments over a potential refugee resettlement plan has travelled fast.
“Oh God,” moans Saeed, sullenly picking at the same rice and chicken dish Mahmud had eaten at lunch. “They're going to bribe the Philippines, just like Cambodia, and waste Australian tax to dump us like rubbish.” Mahmud knows the subtext. He and anyone else who's complained about the food or lack of clothing has heard the angry response from expat security. This food and clothing is my fucking tax dollars spent on you. Ali nods. “The Philippines will also treat us like dogs. They are shipping us here and there and forget that we have families and children.”
“How can Peter Dutton do this cruelty?” asks Saeed. “How come he does not feel for us? And how are there Australians that hate us and think we're their enemies? We fled persecution and war.”
“Of course they don't care,” says Ali. “They are safe. And he is a politician. He only cares about money and power.”
Mahmud has heard the same conversation almost every day for the past two years. Round and round in circles, not so much a debate as an airing of despair, a testing of new conspiracies. There's so little else to talk about. He finishes his piece of papaya and heads outside.
By 10.30 he's collected his medication for the evening, showered, and returned sweating to his bunk. The dorm is quiet. Back behind his curtain Mahmud is alone with his thoughts. The boat had been low on fuel and the sun was beginning to set. Eighty men, women and children surrounded by sea, no land in sight. When the patrol boat pulled alongside their doomed craft they thought it was the end of their misery and persecution. He had hoped to study law.
That was two years ago. Iran, Papua New Guinea, Cambodia, the Philippines. He sees pain, humiliation, and eventual death in each. He wishes that he'd died that day at sea.
Someone switches off the dorm lights. He closes his eyes but he's still there.
JUNEAU, Alaska – The lawyers have started leaving.
That is perhaps the surest sign that Joe Miller's chances of becoming the next senator from Alaska are evaporating. With each passing day that election workers here in the state capital manually count write-in votes cast for Senator Lisa Murkowski, it appears increasingly likely that Alaskans spell too well for Mr. Miller's math to work.
Assisted by lawyers sent by the Republican National Senatorial Committee, the Miller campaign set out to challenge every smudge, stray mark and misspelling they could find (and, often, only they could find) on write-in votes that appeared to be for Ms. Murkowski.
The plan was to question enough votes to close the 11,000-vote margin by which he trails – and then to convince the courts that those challenged votes should be discounted.
Alaska law says write-in votes will be counted if the name or last name is written “as it appears” on the candidate's declaration form. But state election officials, citing legal precedent in the state, said they would count all votes in which they could determine “voter intent,” misspellings aside.
Now the dispute could become irrelevant. After three days of counting, the state has determined that 98 percent of write-in ballots were cast for Ms. Murkowski – and 90 percent of those were cast so cleanly that they have survived even the sometimes bafflingly strict scrutiny applied by monitors working for Mr. Miller.
Even if every ballot his campaign has challenged was thrown out in court, which is not likely, Mr. Miller could gain less than 10,000 votes. Several thousand absentee ballots that remain to be counted could help him narrow the margin, but not likely enough for him to win. The write-in count is expected to last several more days.
“The numbers are all on our side,” said Kevin Sweeney, Ms. Murkowski's campaign manager.
Ben Ginsberg, a Republican lawyer who worked on the Florida recount in the 2000 presidential campaign and was brought to Juneau to work for Ms. Murkowski, flew out on Friday night. At least three of the seven lawyers that the National Republican Senatorial Committee hired to help Mr. Miller will have left by Saturday.
Mr. Miller told ABC News on Thursday that, “if the numbers of the challenged ballots don't add up, we aren't going to sit back and continue to contest this.”
But he appears far from ready to give up at this point. While some lawyers paid for by the senatorial committee were leaving, Mr. Miller sent an email to potential supporters seeking donations to keep up the fight. In the letter he reiterated claims his campaign has made this week, from allegations of voter fraud to the withholding of public records by the state. He also said that Ms. Murkowski, by running as a write-in after she lost to Mr. Miller in the Republican primary in August, “single-handedly sentenced the state to a divisive and expensive election.”
“We need your help in this fight. We're going up against state bureaucrats, the media and powerful insiders to keep Murkowski entrenched in D.C.,” the letter said. “Click here to donate $100, $75, $50, or $25 today to the Joe Miller for U.S. Senate Recount Fund.”
Sarah Palin, who endorsed Mr. Miller, has donated $5,000 to the fund through her political action committee. (A former aide to Ms. Palin and a former employee of her political action committee, Ivy Frye, has been working as an observer for Mr. Miller during the write-in count.)
The Miller campaign has brought in Floyd Brown, a controversial conservative activist who produced the Willie Horton attack ads against Gov. Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts in the 1988 presidential race. Two days in a row, Mr. Brown held press conferences in the same room in which the ballots were being counted.
On Friday he said the campaign had received 300 “legitimate” claims of voter fraud or intimation through a telephone hotline it set up the day before. He showed four affidavits he said documented potential voter fraud. At least three of them were from people who either work or volunteer for the Miller campaign. One has held fundraisers for Mr. Miller
“Joe Miller will be the next United States senator from the state of Alaska,” Mr. Brown said.
Bullfighting For Buddhists: A Less Bloody Alternative In South Korea
Enlarge this image toggle caption Marius Stankiewicz for NPR Marius Stankiewicz for NPR
Sitting in a stadium that seats 10,000, I look down at the ring and something I never thought I'd see in Asia: a bullfight.
But instead of pitting matador versus beast, two bulls face off in the South Korean version. And befitting a Buddhist country, the battle ends not in death, but in surrender. In some cases, one of the combatants simply turns and wanders off.
"In Korean bullfighting there is no mortal end in sight for these beasts of burden," my interpreter says.
The small town of Cheongdo, in the country's south, hosts the annual Bullfighting Festival every spring at the stadium.
"In Spain, it is a game between a human and a bull, with the bull being killed in the end," says town Mayor Lee Seung-yool. "But in Korea, we feel proud of the fact that we don't kill the bull and that they don't ever die in a fight. We simply let them express their emotions to each other and when one loses its strength, it turns away and shows its back. That is when the bull says he is done. The fight is brought to an end."
toggle caption Marius Stankiewicz for NPR
After a tractor rakes the dirt, the judges in green blazers, white gloves and cowboy hats enter the bovine battleground, bow to the audience and take their places.
Then the competitors come trundling out of the tunnel: The General, a hulking brown bull with a red bulls-eye painted on its body, and his opponent, Dragon, identified by a blue bulls-eye and led by a handler in a puncture-proof vest.
After snorting, moaning and scraping the dirt with their forefeet, two of South Korea's fiercest bulls clash — racking horns and head butting. But there's not a lot of gore, and certainly not death.
toggle caption Marius Stankiewicz for NPR
"It is a thousand-year-old tradition passed down from our ancestors," says Lee Kang-min, an avid fan who has attended every year but one since the stadium was built in 2002. The only exception was last year, when the festival was canceled due to the ferry disaster that killed more than 300, many of them high school students.
"Bulls would naturally fight each other when farmers would take them out to the pastures," he says. "The fighting then became a part of our culture so it was transformed into a competition for everyone to enjoy."
When young bulls are about a year old, around the time they're fitted with nose rings, they are also assessed to see if they have what it takes to fight. Head size, horn shape and strength of the hind legs are all factors.
toggle caption Marius Stankiewicz for NPR
The bulls selected are then put through intense training to beef up their size and strength: they haul tires with a rope tied to the neck, they run in the pastures, and rack their horns against tree trunks.
Unlike other places, betting on these bullfights isn't just permitted, it's encouraged. The maximum bet is capped at 100,000 won, or about $95.
"I enjoy coming here with my family, not only to admire the bulls and their strength but to wager a little bit of money," says Park Ji-hun, another spectator. "Hitting the jackpot isn't on many people's minds; it is just for fun."
What he said rang true. When I attended, there were neither frenzied winners nor losers hanging their heads in dismay.
I did not see the "intensest degree of emotion in the spectator," something Ernest Hemingway once said that results from seeing "good bullfighters" fighting "good bulls."
But perhaps that was understandable in a country known as "The Land of Morning Calm."
At the end of the day, I place a 10,000 won bet on Wild Beast. He barely locks horns with his opponent when the rival bull breaks off and runs away.
It is the shortest fight of the day, lasting less than 10 seconds. But it earns me a win and a bit of Zen, happily achieved without the sight of a matador, a red cape or lances dangling from the bloody nape of a bull.
Diego Liatis, a Montreal gamer and entrepreneur, told Ars that he still plans on releasing a Counter-Strike: Global Offensive map of Berri-UQAM, the city's most well-known metro station. He's moving forward—the map is due sometime in March 2013—even if it means a drawn-out lawsuit brought by the local transit authority.
“If you ask me to change the name of the station—forget about it,” Diego Liatis told Ars, starting the sentence in French and switching to English for emphasis.
“I understand [copyright law]. But there are limits, such as the name of the station.”
Last week, Ars reported that Liatis and his colleague Frédérik Denis spent nine months creating a playable map of Berri-UQAM in time for LAN ETS 2013, a massive LAN party to be held at a Montreal university.
The plans of such a map drew a cease-and-desist letter from the transit authority, the Société de transport de Montréal (STM) later in the week. The designer maintains he has the right to digitally reproduce a real-world location in a video game, just as anyone has the right to photograph it.
"Indeed, there was a meeting between the lawyers of the two parties today," Amélie Régis, an STM spokesperson, told Ars in a French-language e-mail on Monday. "The STM has asked that certain elements of the video game map be taken out. Mr. Liatis' lawyer must discuss this with his client and come back to us quickly. As this is a legal negotiation, I'm not in a position, unfortunately, to tell you anything more."
A hobby project
Liatis and Dénis haven't released the map to other Global Offensive players yet, but they did release a YouTube trailer last month, followed by a second trailer on February 17. Liatis told Ars he plans on releasing the map on a private server for free sometime next month.
“The goal was to make something that speaks to Montreal or another Canadian location,” he said, lamenting the lack of Canadian locales in video games. “And to do something independent—there's no money [involved].”
Liatis also told Ars that LAN ETS had threatened to impose a lifetime ban on him if he ended up releasing the map. LAN ETS did not immediately respond to our request for comment on this point.
Liatis added that STM's media representative, Amélie Régis, expressed concern to him that releasing the map would allow it to be used by actual terrorists training for an actual attack. Régis also said it would be "insulting" to Montreal's Arab community.
Régis did not respond to our request for comment on this specific point.
UPDATE Tuesday 5:42pm CT: Régis finally wrote back to Ars, saying that she had never spoken to Liatis, and was "really surprised to read the opposite." Ars has contacted Liatis again to clarify who exactly he spoke with at the STM.
“Logic is on my side”
Liatis said he planned on meeting in person with STM representatives later this week. While he is willing to alter the STM logo and a well-known piece of art that hangs above a track, he's not willing to compromise on the name of the station or its layout.
“Either [the STM] opposes me and we'll meet in court,” Liatis added. “Or [the agency] will be OK with it.”
The February 11 cease-and-desist letter reminds Liatis that the STM “had warned you that it did not authorize you to use its image nor reproduction of the station in question for this project,” adding that use of its name, acronyms, graphic symbols, and seal are “prohibited by law unless permission is granted by the STM.”
The STM sent Liatis a second letter, dated February 21, noting that "copyright on architectural works is well-established in jurisprudence as well as in [case law]” and invited Liatis' counsel to meet with them last Friday. Liatis provided Ars with copies of both letters.
No matter the outcome, Liatis remains determined. He plans to make similar maps of other Canadian locations for Left for Dead and Counter-Strike.
“Logic is on my side,” Liatis added.
UPDATE 8:05pm CT: Simon Marin, a LAN ETS spokesperson, told Ars in an e-mail that the university, and by extension its LAN party event (LAN ETS), is "disassociating itself" from Liatis and his map. Marin did not provide any further explanation.
COLUMBIA, S.C.—Donald Trump haters within the Republican party hope the seeds of his eventual demise have just been planted in the soil of his latest triumph.
Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla, walks on stage during an election-night rally Saturday, Feb. 20, 2016, in Columbia, S.C. ( John Bazemore / AP )
The South Carolina primary gave him a big win over the weekend but might also have sprouted an alternative candidacy capable of uniting the party's anti-Trump forces: the wealthy, the ideological conservatives, the college grads, and those voters who tell exit pollsters they're most desperate to beat Democrats. That explains why someone who's supposed to remain neutral in the primaries because of her position within the Republican grassroots structure was at a Marco Rubio rally, wearing a button with his face on it. “We are going to fight,” she said.
Article Continued Below
“We need to stop that man.” That man is Trump. Basic historical precedent dictates he should be pretty well guaranteed to be the Republican nominee. He's won the last two states and every time someone's won New Hampshire and South Carolina, in both parties, they've become the nominee. But this local organizer said forces within her party are determined to stop Trump: either on Super Tuesday; or in the three-dozen states that follow; or on the convention floor in the first multi-ballot scrap in generations. A common topic of discussion at Republican rallies last week was whether people would even support Trump in the general election, should he emerge as the nominee. Most said yes. Some said no. At Saturday's Rubio rally, Bob Barnwell said he'd have to pray over how to deal with a Trump nomination. A friend interrupted to warn him: “I'll kill you (if you don't vote).”
The mood picked up in the room — first as it became clear Rubio had zoomed into second place, breaking away from the three-way logjam involving more mainstream alternatives to Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz. A roar then erupted as Bush's image flickered across the TV screens, and he delivered six magic words: “Tonight I am suspending my campaign.”
Article Continued Below
It was suddenly like a victory party. First-term Florida senator, first-generation Cuban-American Marco Rubio was suddenly winning a non-existent primary: the race to become Establishment Favourite No. 1. Evidence of his growing status within the party was right on stage. South Carolina's governor was there with him. So were two of the state's three most famous lawmakers in Washington. And there's every reason to believe the third lawmaker, Bush supporter Lindsey Graham, is closely aligned enough with Rubio as a pro-military hawk to join the parade too. A former county chairman, Jim Jerow, said that after a crazy primary season Republicans might finally be settling on the one candidate the other party fears most. Rubio consistently outpolls his rivals against the Democrats: “We need to focus,” Jerow said. Javier Cespedes said Rubio would save the party — from a “disaster” of a front-runner. Cespedes predicted donations and supporters would start flying Rubio's way. He offered some quick math outlining Trump's demise. Rubio finished 10 percentage points behind the billionaire in South Carolina. Add Bush's eight per cent, and eventually Kasich's eight per cent when he drops out — and bingo: “It's a no-brainer ... We'd win South Carolina. And Nevada, and Ohio, and every other state ... “Those automatically are going to be Marco Rubio votes. They have no other candidate to go to.” Trump would beg to differ. Continuing his tradition of being the presidential candidate who discusses polling more than any other in memory, Trump delved into his own calculus during his victory speech. “A number of the pundits said, ‘Well, if a couple of the other candidates dropped out if you add their scores together it's going to equal Trump,'” said Trump. “But these geniuses — they're geniuses — they don't understand that as people drop out I'm going to get a lot of those votes also. You don't just add them together. So I think we're going to do very, very well.” Who's right — does a narrower field automatically hurt Trump, and elevate Rubio? Both sides have a point. Rubio's fans are correct: he does best among anyone in the field at gaining new supporters, according to polls asking Republicans for their hypothetical second choice. And in a hypothetical two- or three-person poll, he rivals or even beats Trump. There's an asterisk though. Trump is also right — polls suggest he would indeed win some of these new loose votes. Less, maybe, but he'd grow his support too. As for Rubio's momentum — he's already crashed and burned before, in New Hampshire, after appearing to take off in Iowa. Cespedes observed how unpredictable politics can be. In an interview at Saturday's rally, he expressed hope party officials would start pressuring other candidates to quit and send their supporters and donors Rubio's way. A moment later, Bush was on the giant screen announcing his exit. Cespedes said, “Politics is quick, man.”
Read more about:
Washington GM Brian MacLellan has a busy summer ahead.
Veterans Mike Green, Joel Ward, Eric Fehr, Jay Beagle, Tim Gleason and Curtis Glencross are all unrestricted come July 1, while young building blocks like Marcus Johansson, Evgeny Kuznetsov and Braden Holtby are all pending RFAs in need of new deals.
And this is probably why, during Monday's end-of-year media availability, MacLellan not-so-subtly hinted that some players might need to take haircuts to stay in D.C.
“I think it's important for players that they realize we've had a successful team,” MacLellan said, per the Washington Post. “If they believe we have a good chance moving forward to win a championship, they recognize that going for max dollars — which you could make the choice to do in certain situations — that it would hinder our ability to compete going forward.”
Johansson, Kutznetsov and Holtby will all be re-signed while Gleason and Glencross are likely done. Beagle and Fehr both sound like priorities, with MacLellan saying Beagle will “be an easier one to sign, I hope.”
Which leaves Green and Ward.
MacLellan's “max dollars” reference is likely to those two, both of whom could generate significant interest on the open market. Green, who turns 30 in October, is no longer the Norris finalist of five years ago but still a quality offensive d-man; his 45 points this year put him 19th among all NHL blueliners and he remains one of the league's better table-setters on the power play.
Green's coming off a deal that paid $6.08M annually and, while it might be tough to get that much this time around, he's still in the running for a nice payday. On a UFA d-man market that projects to be thin, Green — who's also a coveted right-hand shot — could make a lot of cash, though he's on record saying “it's not about the money,” adding he'd like to remain a Capital “until the day I die or retire.”
“It's probably going to be a little complicated,” MacLellan said of future Green negotiations. “There's a lot of moving parts around that. The best thing I think we can do is keep in communication, tell him what we're thinking, and he can tell us what he's thinking.
“If it works out, that'd be great, and if it doesn't, it doesn't.”
We wrote about Ward's future last week, after he said he'd “love” to stay in Washington. The 34-year-old just wrapped the last of a four-year, $12 million deal and was full value for his $3M cap hit over the final two seasons. He scored a career-high 24 goals in 2013-14 and potted 19 this year, punctuated by yet another stellar playoff run.
Like Green, Ward could benefit from a relatively weak free agent class. There aren't many goalscoring wingers available, and very few with Ward's penchant for scoring in the postseason (Los Angeles' Justin Williams, another pending UFA, would probably be in a similar scenario to Ward.)
And like with Green, MacLellan is hopeful Ward will be swayed by the positive vibes developed this year under Barry Trotz. You know, the whole we're-building-something-here-so-take-less-money-to-stay approach.
“In the exit interviews you hear a lot of language of ‘this is the most fun I've ever had playing, this is the best team we've had, this is the most success we've experienced,'” MacLellan explained. “A lot of positive comments, so I'm assuming they all want to come back.”
