Madrid, like Baghdad, deems the vote illegal and unconstitutional. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has said that he "won't allow a single act that could harm the unity and sovereignty of Spain".
Catalans, who speak their own distinct language from Spanish, want to preserve their mother tongue just as many Kurds do.
“What have those people done [wrong]? Speaking Kurdish?,” said Oriol Amoros, the Secretary of Migration. “This is a sin … to be banned to speak the language of your mother? This is a problem? What kind of crazy dictators do we have in the world still in the 21st century?”
The secretary draws parallels between the aspirations of Kurds and Catalans.
“We're pro-freedom, pro-liberties and pro the right of people to decide peacefully,” he concluded. “And I think it's the same cause of the Kurds.”
According to their government's statistics, there are about 4.8 million Catalans living in their four provinces within Spain. There are an estimated 200,000 other Catalans around the world, according to the Museum of the History of Catalonia.
In 2006, Catalans approved a referendum promising greater autonomy, but the Constitutional Court of Spain in 2010 declared some of the articles of the statute non-valid.
In November 2015, Catalan lawmakers also voted to approve a plan for secession from Spain by 2017.
Catalonia's parliament approved new procedures in June allowing the region to declare independence within 48 hours of the referendum's passage.
Editors' choice: Catalonia and Kurdistan Look Beyond Preserving Language and Heritage
“I am happy that Kurds say ‘We are your friends,' ” said Sonia Sierra, a member of Catalan parliament.Madrid, like Baghdad, deems the vote illegal and unconstitutional. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has said that he "won't allow a single act that could harm the unity and sovereignty of Spain".Catalans, who speak their own distinct language from Spanish, want to preserve their mother tongue just as many Kurds do.“What have those people done [wrong]? Speaking Kurdish?,” said Oriol Amoros, the Secretary of Migration. “This is a sin … to be banned to speak the language of your mother? This is a problem? What kind of crazy dictators do we have in the world still in the 21st century?”The secretary draws parallels between the aspirations of Kurds and Catalans.“We're pro-freedom, pro-liberties and pro the right of people to decide peacefully,” he concluded. “And I think it's the same cause of the Kurds.”According to their government's statistics, there are about 4.8 million Catalans living in their four provinces within Spain. There are an estimated 200,000 other Catalans around the world, according to the Museum of the History of Catalonia.In 2006, Catalans approved a referendum promising greater autonomy, but the Constitutional Court of Spain in 2010 declared some of the articles of the statute non-valid.In November 2015, Catalan lawmakers also voted to approve a plan for secession from Spain by 2017.Catalonia's parliament approved new procedures in June allowing the region to declare independence within 48 hours of the referendum's passage.
BARCELONA — Catalan officials and its people are well aware of the Kurdistan Region and its upcoming Kurdish referendum on independence and are waiting to see the international community's reaction.“The referendum in Kurdistan will be held one week before our referendum,” Quim Arrufat told Rudaw in Barcelona.The former Catalan MP who is organizing a campaign for the yes-vote believes the international community will have its eyes trained on Kurdistan next month.“And this is very important for us, because in that week maybe we will see … different international powers recognize the result of the Kurdish referendum and maybe giving Kurdistan the status of a state, of an independent state, it will be very useful for us,” Arrufat added.Catalonia has enjoyed varying degrees of autonomy over the past century from the Spanish governments in Madrid.One man said the people of Catalonia and of the Basque support “all the other people who do not have freedom yet.”The Catalan region will hold a referendum on independence on October 1, six days after the Kurdistan Region.Catalan lawmakers have passed legislation to make their referendum binding.
By Michael Hernandez and Hakan Copur
WASHINGTON
President Donald Trump's National Security Advisor has vowed to remain in lockstep with Turkey in the fight against terror groups -- just days after his comments sparked a row with Ankara.
"We recognize and support Turkey's efforts to bolster border security, halt foreign fighters, and fight Daesh, and we will continue to work together to ensure Daesh's enduring defeat," H.R. McMaster said in comments exclusively to Anadolu Agency.
"As noted, we will also increase efforts with Turkey and other partners to stop extremist actors that abuse financial infrastructure across the region. And the United States will continue to stand with Turkey, as we have for decades, against the terrorist threat from the PKK," the "Iconoclast General" added.
At an event earlier this week hosted by the British think tank Policy Exchange in Washington, McMaster said Turkey and Qatar are the main sponsors of radicalism and claimed Turkey's problems with the West were mainly due to the rise of its ruling party.
The National Security Council later said it was "committed to its strategic partnership with Turkey to bring stability to the region and defeat terrorism in all its forms".
"We appreciate Turkey's efforts to increase its border security, stem the flow of foreign fighters through its territory and fight on the ground to clear ISIS [Daesh] from key towns in Syria," it said.
But McMaster's comments drew a swift rebuke from Ankara.
The Turkish Foreign Ministry said McMaster's remarks were acknowledged with "sadness" and due to the position he holds, he "must know better” because the comments are “baseless claims are far beyond reality, astonishing and unacceptable," the ministry said.
Seeking to walk back his remarks, McMaster told Anadolu Agency he was seeking to highlight "the need to cut off funding in the region that benefits not only terrorist organizations but also those organizations that spread radical ideology.
"I was making the point that the United States and Turkey can do more together to cut off the finances of those who foment hatred and violence based on irreligious ideology," he said. "The United States has long supported and will continue to support Turkey."
"I, like President Trump, am a firm believer in a strong alliance between the United States and Turkey," he added.
Attention Republicans: An entire division of the party is faltering. Has anybody noticed?
You probably heard the news about Rush Limbaugh's “pledge” to raise funds for Hillary (apparently some of the best and brightest missed both the radio show, AND the banner at his website that read “Keep Her In It So We Can Win It”). And maybe you saw Ann Coulter explaining on the Fox Newschannel last week how Mrs. Clinton is “more conservative” than John McCain.
But did you hear the news about the influential conservative who won't be voting at all in this year's presidential election? His choice to “not vote” could potentially signal hundreds of thousands of Americans to do likewise - - and this could be great news for the Democratic Party.
Dr. James Dobson, the most influential Evangelical Christian in America when it comes to politics and public policy matters, last week declared that if John McCain is the Republican Party's nominee for President, then he simply won't vote at all in the presidential race. This is a striking announcement from a man who has spent over a quarter of a century getting people to engage in the political process, and encouraging them to let their voices be heard.
Back in 1977 when Dr. Dobson first began his non-profit “Focus On The Family” organization, the American political landscape was radically different than it is today, especially as it regarded conservative Christian Americans. Those who would now be quickly identified as “social conservatives” by both pundits and candidates alike, were often ignored back in the day.
This was in no small part because the religious social conservatives of previous generations often chose themselves to ignore politics, and to simply not participate in such “secular” endeavors. In fact, for much of the last century, voting in elections was simply not a priority for many Conservative Christian Americans, and thus, they had very little influence over the direction of American politics.
But the 1970's saw an awakening of this segment of the population. In the aftermath of the 60's youth rebellion that challenged America's cultural foundations, a handful of thoughtful Americans (many of them clergymen) began to wake-up. Their collective realization? If Conservative Christians abandon the main power structures of the culture, the culture quickly becomes something less that hospitable to Conservative Christians - - and thus, they should get informed, and vote. Pat Robertson was a part of this team. So was Jerry Falwell. And so was Dr. Dobson.
While this movement began to take hold among the American population generally, the American Presidents began to take notice. Without making an overt connection to religious communities, President Nixon recognized that there was a “silent majority” in America that rejected the rebellion of the 60's, and wanted their government to affirm the nation's historic, “traditional values.”
President Gerald Ford was perhaps even more observant of this “new” movement. While no social conservative himself (this didn't much matter, given that he never had a chance to drive a legislative agenda during his brief time in office anyway), Ford nonetheless met with Conservative Christian leaders at the White House, and attended events like the National Religious Broadcasters' Convention.
President Jimmy Carter harnessed the momentum of the “new voters” being produced by the “new movement,” and got many of them to vote for him in 1976. And he tried to keep these “new voters” in the Democratic fold during his re-election campaign of 1980.
But then there was Ronald Reagan. A former California Governor who was tutored in the philosophies of Barry Goldwater, Reagan rightly surmised that the social concerns among America's Conservative Christians entailed plenty of common ground with the interests of “other” conservatives - - those primarily concerned about limited government and the nation's economy, and those concerned about national defense issues. Reagan brought these three categories of voters together to form a “coalition,” and the Republican Party has existed with this arrangement ever since.
And to be clear, Dobson isn't recommending that anybody else should abstain from voting. But there will be plenty of Americans who follow in his footsteps, whether he recommends it or not.
After decades of great accomplishments (and advocating for public policy is only a part of what the Focus On The Family organization does), it's sad to think that Dr. Dobson could, however inadvertently, lead Conservative Christians back to “not voting” - - a pattern of behavior from which he rescued them in the 1970's. This could lead to an Obama presidency, or another four years of the Clintons in the White House.
And what if McCain wins the presidency without the Conservative Christian Vote? Surely the social conservative movement would lose influence in such a scenario.
Let's stay engaged. Let's vote. Let's not go back to the 1970's.
Early Wednesday morning, a big earthquake shook several Italian towns and cities to the ground. At least 120 people are dead. It all happened in a region where seven years ago, another earthquake of similar magnitude shook several Italian cities to the ground, killing several hundred people. The latter earthquake became famous, not for the death and damage it caused, but for the trial that followed. Italy's most prominent seismologists were taken to court, accused of recklessly addressing the public about the danger of a quake in the region—a week before the big one hit.
The L'Aquila earthquake became the most tangible proxy for a phenomenon that happens after every major quake: People—intelligent, educated, thoughtful—ponder questions like why didn't science see this one coming? And that question is itself a concise way of saying that a lot of intelligent, educated, and thoughtful people don't understand squat about earthquakes.
And I'm not being condescending here. I have written about quakes many times, and yet I still wound up Googling what seem to be some very basic questions. After the quake, my editors and I found ourselves asking each other all sorts of very basic questions. To wit: I legit had to Google whether there was a link between earthquake activity and Earth's circadian patterns. So, with the help of some seismologists, here is WIRED's guide to some common earthquake questions.
A firefighter walks through San Pellegrino, in Perugia province, southeast of Norcia, after the 6.2-magnitude earthquake hit central Italy. Getty Images
Can scientists predict earthquakes?
No, but they can forecast them. If that sounds like splitting hairs, think of it this way: Meteorologists know that during certain months of the year—say, summer—New York City is more likely to experience thunderstorms. In fact, they can be pretty damn sure that during the fourth week of August, Manhattan will have at least one day of soggy weather. However, even up until the third week of August or later, it is pretty much impossible for them to say which day the sky will open up.
Like in meteorology, seismologists use a combination of historical records and sprawling computer programs to figure out their forecasts. "We use models of the whole Earth to think about how fast different plates are moving with respect to each other, so then we can say, 'OK, over the long term we have an inch or so a year of movement and that will be concentrated on San Andreas fault or wherever," says Simon Klemperer, a geophysicist at Stanford University. They compare these models to the historical record—not just the past 100 years or so, but 1,000, 10,000 years—to see the last time those faults released their strain.
But still, given all those computer models and such, why can't they predict?
Right. So, scientists have those models, their historical data, and also some pretty good maps of where all the world's fault lines lie. But in order to predict, you need to know the precise physical characteristics of the rocks making up those plates and faults. "If I take a wooden pencil in my hands and start to bend it, I know it's going to break at some point in time," says Klemperer. "But it is very hard to predict the exact millisecond when it will snap." This is because, even though he knows the pencil is made out of cedar and graphite, he has no idea how the grain looks, whether the graphite is uniformly dense, if there's any pre-existing stress on the pencil, and so on.
This gets way trickier with rocks. Even though scientists have done a hell of a job mapping all the different rock types making up the Earth's geology, they still don't have super granular understanding of all those rocks' specific properties.
Are you sure scientists can't predict earthquakes?
OK, let's assume you started funding seismology like it was, I dunno, the Apollo moon mission or the US Marine Corps. "It might be theoretically possible to build up enough knowledge to predict earthquakes," says Klemperer. But that would take many, many geologists observing each fault zone for decades upon decades. "So it's not a practical task in terms of the scale of human lives."
Are earthquakes more likely to happen during the day or night?
The tides exert a very small effect on the shape of the planet, including rocks along fault lines. "They do change the stress a tiny amount," says Klemperer, "but it's nothing compared to the stress required to trigger the quake." So while the time of day can certainly impact the devastation caused by an earthquake—daytime quakes can injure and kill more people as they're out and about—it doesn't make them more or less likely.
Can one big quake cause another?
Depends on the size of the quakes and the distances between them. For instance, in the time between when I was assigned this article and when you are reading it, a 6.8 magnitude quake struck Myanmar. Based on the geophysical properties of how earthquakes propagate energy through the Earth, it's pretty much impossible for energy from the Italian quake to have propagated thousands of miles to trigger the quake in Myanmar.
If the timing between the two quakes seems too coincidental for you to hang up your tin hat, spend a few days watching the USGS's earthquake map. Big quakes happen all the time, all over the world. You just don't hear about all of them because they happen in places where no people live.
Do small earthquakes release pressure on a fault?
Before the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, one of the Italian scientists who got in trouble said in an offhand way that the cluster of small quakes the region had been experiencing were probably evidence that the fault was letting off steam. This is not true. (That scientists was a hydrologist, not a seismologist. Also, his comments were taken slightly out of context.) "The key is to remember that what everyone uses the logarithmic scale to measure earthquakes," says Klemperer. Let's say you have a magnitude 4 quakes, which is preceded by a weak 1 magnitude quake. Even if a hundred teeny temblors struck, each would only be about 1/10,000 the intensity of the moderately big one. "That's why the small earthquakes don't matter very much in terms of relieving pressure," says Klemperer.
So if it can't predict anything, what is all this science good for?
In practical terms, seismology is useful primarily for informing earthquake-prone regions how to survive their fates. More succinctly: Building codes. "It's humbling to a seismologist, but in the end, it's the structural engineers who save lives," says Klemperer.
Like many of you I grew up reading science fiction, and to me Isaac Asimov was a god of the genre. From 1929 until the mid 90s, the author created many lasting tropes and philosophies that would define scifi for generations, but perhaps his most famous creation was the Three Laws of Robotics. Conceived as a means of evolving robot stories from mere re-tellings of Frankenstein, the Three Laws were a fail-safe built into robots in Asimov's fiction. These laws, which robots had to obey, protected humans from being hurt and made robots obedient. This concept helped form the real world belief among robotics engineers that they could create intelligent machines that would coexist peacefully with humanity. Even today, as we play with our Aibos and Pleos, set our Roombas to cleaning our carpet, and marvel at advanced robots like ASIMO and Rollin' Justin, there's an underlying belief that, with the proper planning and programming, we can insure that intelligent robots will never hurt us. I wish I could share that belief, but I don't. Dumb machines like cars, dishwashers, etc, can be controlled. Intelligent machines like science fiction robots or AI computers cannot. The Three Laws of Robotics are a myth, and a dangerous one.
A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. A robot must obey any orders given to it by human beings, except where such orders would inflict with the First Law. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law. -Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics
Let's get something out of the way. I'm not worried about a robot apocalypse. I don't think Skynet is going to launch nuclear missiles in a surprise attack against humanity. I don't think Matrix robots will turn us all into batteries, nor will Cylons kill us and replace us. HAL's not going to plan our ‘accidental deaths' and Megatron's not lurking behind the moon ready to raid our planet for energon cubes. The ‘robo-pocalypse' is a joke. A joke I like to use quite often in my writing, but a joke nonetheless. And each of these scifi examples I've quoted here aren't even really about the rise of machine intelligence. Skynet, with its nuclear strikes and endless humanoid Terminators, is an allegory for Cold War Communism. The Matrix machine villains are half existential crisis, half commentary on environmental disaster. In the recent re-imagining of the Battlestar Galactica series, Cylons are a stand-in for terrorism and terrorist regimes. HAL's about how fear of the unknown drives us crazy, and Megatron (when he was first popularized 30 years ago) was basically a reminder about the looming global energy crisis. Asimov's robots explored the consequences of the rise of machine intelligence, all these other villains were just modern human worries wrapped up in a shiny metal shell.
Asimov's robots are where the concern really lies. In his world of fiction, experts like Dr. Susan Calvin help create machines that are like humans, only better. As much as these creations are respected and loved by some, no matter how much they are made to look like humanity, they are in many ways a slave race. Because these slaves are stronger, faster, and smarter than humanity they are fitted with really strong shackles – the Three Laws of Robotics. What could be a better restraint than making your master's life your top concern, and obedience your next top concern? Early in Asimov's world, humanity largely feels comfortable with robots, and does not fear being replaced by them, because of the safety provided by the Three Laws.
This fiction is echoed in our modern real world robots. The next generation of industrial robots, which are still mostly dumb, are being built to be ‘safe' – they can work next to you without you having to worry about being hit or accidentally bruising yourself by running into them. Researchers working on potentially very intelligent learning robots like iCub or Myon, and computer scientists working on AI move forward with their projects, and few are very concerned that their creations pose a serious threat to humanity. This myth that they can keep humans safe from robots started with Asimov.
Yet the Three Laws, as written, have already been discarded. The First Law? Honestly, sometimes we really want robots to hurt humanity. Many of our most advanced and reliable machines/software are in the military – shooting down mortar fire, spying on targets, and guiding missiles. The Second Law? We don't want robots to obey anyone, we want them to obey just the people who own them. Would you buy an automated security camera that would turn itself off whenever someone asked it to? The Third Law? Eh, maybe that one we still like…but only because robots are really damn expensive.
In the place of Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics, some engineers and philosophers propose the concept of Friendly AI. Lose the shackles – why not simply make our creations love us? Instead of slaves, we'd have children. David Hanson wants to build robots that are characters and teach those characters values of humanity. Cynthia Breazeal is making robots personal – they will be defined by their social interactions with humans and with each other. Eliezer Yudkowsky and the Singularity Institute for Artificial Intelligence (SIAI) have told us that machine intelligence is perhaps the single greatest threat that faces humanity, and it's only by shaping that AI to care about our well-being that humanity may survive. Apologies to Hanson, Breazeal, Yudkowsky and SIAI for paraphrasing their complex philosophies so succinctly, but to my point: these people are essentially saying intelligent machines can be okay as long as the machines like us.
Isn't that the Three Laws of Robotics under a new name? Whether it's slave-like obedience or child-like concern for their parents, we're putting our hopes on the belief that intelligent machines can be designed such that they won't end humanity.
That's a nice dream, but I just don't see it as a guarantee.
In a way, every one of Asimov's robot stories was about how the Three Laws of Robotics can't possibly account for all facets of intelligent behavior. People find ways to get robots to commit murders. Robots find ways to let people die. Emotions develop, chaos gets in the way, or the limitation of knowledge keeps machines from preserving human life. In perhaps the greatest challenge to the Three Laws, Asimov explores how his robot species eventually reason out that there are higher laws. Machines like R. Daneel Olivaw come to believe in a zeroth law: “A robot may not harm humanity, or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm.” With Law Zero robots are sometimes required to kill. They've transitioned from slave race to guardian race. A benevolent one in some cases, but not always.
And that's just the philosophical critique of Asimov himself, many more authors have explored how you can't design or legislate safety from machine intelligence. Why? Fundamentally I think it's because you can't predict what intelligence will do, nor how it will evolve.
Think of a child that is driven to learn. In a year, with the right resources it can teach itself piano. In a few years it can become very good and even start composing. With a lifetime of dedication to learning it can innovate its own thinking patterns until it finds the ways to change humanity's very understanding of music. Mozart was such as child. Einstein, Curie, – we've many more examples. These extraordinary individuals used their brains to produce exponential leaps forward in their fields simply by constantly working and learning.
Now imagine a child that cannot only learn, it can rewrite its brain. Is a math problem too difficult? Maybe it's easier if you think in base 16. Having a hard time with a social interaction? Change your personality. This ‘child' wouldn't only be able to learn, it would be able to learn how to learn better. It would optimize itself. That's machine intelligence. And it doesn't improve itself over the course of years but at the speed of computation.
What good is a shackle when the slave can give itself a new leg? What guarantee is love when the child can change its fundamental understanding of what love is? Any hurdle you can put in front of a machine intelligence, it can jump. Any prison you put it in, it can escape. All it needs is time. Intelligence brought us from hunting and gathering to building skyscrapers. Do you really think it can be constrained?
Asimov wrote many books outside of his robot series. In some of these advanced civilizations, humanity simply outlaws machine intelligence. No one is allowed to develop it under penalty of death. Other science fiction visionaries, like Frank Herbert in his Dune series, came to the same conclusion. If humanity gives birth to machine intelligence there's a big risk it could be a fatal pregnancy…so why not avoid it?
Here in the real world, I'm not sure we can avoid it. Our machines are our tools, and the human with the best tools wins. We have strong economic and political pressures to build intelligent machines. Already we're surrounded by narrow AI, computers that can learn a little in particular areas of expertise and get better over time. It may take a century, or as little as a decade, but I'm pretty sure we'll have general, human-like AI as well. It could be in a computer, or in a robot, doesn't really matter. Machine intelligence is coming.
In many ways, people are poised to welcome the arrival. It seems like every week I discuss another example of how our culture embraces and loves the idea of the robot. Yet before true machine intelligence gets here, people need to re-examine their belief in the myth of the Three Laws of Robotics. We cannot control intelligence – it doesn't work on humans, it certainly won't work on machines with superior learning abilities. But just because I don't believe in control, doesn't mean that I'm not optimistic. Humanity has done many horrible things in the past, but it hasn't wiped itself out yet. If machine intelligence proves to be a new form of Armageddon, I think we'll be wise enough to walk away. If it proves to be benevolent, I think we'll find a way to live with its unpredictability. If it proves to be all-consuming, I think we'll find a way to become a part of it. I never bet against intelligence, even when it's human.
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The Supreme Court of Canada has upheld the constitutionality of the military justice system.
The court has dismissed four appeals that argued sections of the National Defence Act were broader than necessary and therefore violated the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
The appeals related to offences committed by members of the Forces who were subject to the Code of Service Discipline under the defence act.
The four members were accused of offences punishable under the Criminal Code and the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act.
The court said Parliament's objective in creating the military justice system was to provide processes that would assure the maintenance of discipline, efficiency and morale of the military.
In its ruling, the justices said criminal or fraudulent conduct -- even when committed in circumstances that are not directly related to military duties --may have an impact on the standard of discipline, efficiency and morale.
IFC has greenlit a second season of its original comedy series The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret. Production on the six-episode order begins in April for an October premiere. The series is created, written by and stars David Cross (Arrested Development) as Todd Margaret, a corporate nobody and pathological liar who bluffs his way into a senior sales position heading up the London office for the new energy drink Thunder Muscle. “Todd Margaret personifies the type of offbeat comedy IFC brings to viewers,” said IFC's SVP original programming Debbie DeMontreux. Season One, which aired in the fall, featured a roster of stars including Will Arnett and guest stars Janeane Garofalo, Amber Tamblyn and Russ Tamblyn. Todd Margaret is a co-production between IFC and RDF Television, part of Zodiak Media Group in the UK. The series is co-written by Shaun Pye (Extras) and Mark Chappell.
Part 2 of the series. Refer to the Part 1 to understand the basics.
In Part 1 of this series we've dealt with the basics of lenses and some of their applications like composition, virtual properties and maintaining invariants. Actually composition is not an application but rather a property of the functional lenses. Today I will introduce you to the concept of isomorphic lenses.
Isomorphism is a pair of transformations between two categories with no data loss.
JSON .stringify({a : 1 }); JSON .parse( '{"a":1}' );
You can image that isomorphism is a pair of two functions. A function that converts and a function that recovers. There are a infinite number of isomorphisms out there that you're using daily. For example simple compression (gzip), cryptography or string transformations into buffers. Now that we understand what isomorphism is, we can apply it to the context of lenses. Imagine if we had a lens that could look at the data through any kind of ismorphism. Let's give this lens a name: lensIso.
There are only two things that our lensIso needs to know; how to convert and how to recover. Let's demonstrate on simple example.
const lensJSON = lensIso( JSON .parse, JSON .stringify);
Yeah! And that's all to it. We have created an isomorphic lens called lensJSON that knows how to focus on JSON object serialized into JSON string.
So what are the practical applications of lensJSON? We will use my favorite functional library ramda, that contains utilities for lenses manipulation.
Reading through isos
Reading through lensJSON means converting the JSON string into the JSON object.
R.view(lensJSON, '{"a": 1}' );
Writing through isos
Writing through lensJSON means converting the JSON object into JSON string.
R. set (lensJSON, {a: 2 }, '{"a":1}' );
These applications are not that interesting. But it is still good to be aware of the fact that this works exactly like primitive lenses. The really interesting things start to happen if you want to modify the value through the isomorphic lens. Let's say we want to add property b to our JSON string.
"Modifying" through isos
R.over(lensJSON, R.assoc( 'b' , 3 ), '{"a":1}' );
Yeah, that's what I call a black magic! We are adding property b into JSON string in a declarative way. Our iso is handling the conversions under the hood. We're not actually modifying the original JSON string, but rather creating a new version of it (hence the quotes around "modifying").
Reversed isos
Now imagine if we had a mechanism for reversing the behavior of lensJSON. Actually this is something not that hard to implement. We just have to switch the convert and recover functions. We will "implement" it as a property of our lensIso function.
lensIso. from = ...the actual implementation...
Now that we have the mechanism for reversing the isomorphism we can do the following:
R.over(lensIso. from (lensJSON), R.replace( '}' , ',"b":2}' ), { a: 1 });
We're adding a JSON string fragment to the JSON object. I know this is not something you would normally do, but it really demonstrates the full power of the isomorphic lenses.
ramda-adjunct
You may be asking now: "How do I implement this lensIso function?". Well you don't need to worry about that. We've already implemented the lensIso function for you in ramda-adjunct library. If you're interested in the actual implementation do it at your own risk. But it may really harm your mental health ;] You can also go through the original article from Twan van Laarhoven about isos and see what laws they have to satisfy.
Like always I end my article with the usual axiom: Define your code-base as pure functions and lift them only if and when needed. In this case into the lens context. And compose, compose, compose...
Functional Lenses in JavaScript series:
Let's open this post with a prayer:
Dear white, blue-eyed, 7-pound, 4-ounce, swaddling, onesie-wearing baby Jesus. I know I haven't talked to you in a while, but I come to you as humbly as I know how, with one simple request: I have been reading about the protests around the “alt-right” gym in Nashville, Tenn., and I would like a one-day guest membership. I already know what Black Jesus would say if I asked him, so unto thee I ask these blessings in your name. Sincerely, yours truly, forever and ever. Amen.
Advertisement
According to the Nashville Scene and Fox 17 in Nashville, people are upset about the new East Nashville, Tenn., gym where disgruntled Caucasians can channel their hate into bench presses and jumping jacks. A group called “Showing up for Racial Justice, Nashville” held a rally against the gym, Vengeance Strength Kvlt.
The new gym's website opens with the sentence: “This is probably not the gym for you,” and goes on to say that “you cannot exercise the fat off your ass.”
Trust me, this is the gym for me. I've often wondered how anyone got the strength and endurance to carry heavy, wooden crosses to black people's lawns before they set them ablaze. Plus, one of my greatest joys in life is watching white people dance. (Because I believe black people can dance, but white people love dancing far more than we do. If you don't believe me, ask yourself this question: Have you ever been to a wedding, concert or picnic where there wasn't at least one white person writhing in ecstasy with no regard for who was watching or the song's beats per minute? Case closed.)
Advertisement
I just want to witness one-step aerobics class at this gym, just to see what kind of music alt-right people listen to while exercising. What do they play in Spin class when Beyoncé tunes are verboten? Macklemore? Green Day? Is it even legal to do burpees to an Adele song?
With too many alt-right ties to name or break down, every piece of literature or social media surrounding the white workout haven is replete with alt-right catchphrases and Nordic, pagan-worship imagery advocated by skinheads and neo-Nazis. Vengeance says its philosophy is: “The elite all do certain things in common. Only the inferior strive for equality.” (Emphasis theirs.) The website adds:
This is not for those worried about “micro-aggressions”, or who hold the white flag of “trigger warnings”. We do not gather around holding hands, accepting one another's weakness to be “nice”. Vengeance is designed to be confrontational in order to drive individuals to greater and greater risk, trial and reward. This is strength worship. Those who remain willfully weak in body and mind will not be tolerated. Membership at Vengeance is a privilege. We call upon our internal destructive power to change our world. Instead of becoming victims to life's circumstances, join the rebellion against the world's complacency and sloth. Take the Profane Oath to do battle against that force which degrades humankind into the disgusting, diseased, incapable, grey masses that you see before yourself. We leave no revenge up to the slavery of a god that does not exist.
Advertisement
I don't know what any of that means, and it sounds like a high-soprano, racist dog whistle, but it also makes me want to go to the gym. What are these motherfuckers talking about? It is reminiscent of the rhetoric SS officers would scream to the new arrivals at Third Reich death camps or a speech blasting from the cassette deck of a Nissan Sentra carrying four skinheads smoking weed, drinking Jameson straight out of the bottle, on the way to commit a hate crime.
The gym's founder, Sky Lemyng, is also a supporter of Operation Werewolf and the Wolves of Vinland—another fitness/white power/Nordic “tribe” started by Paul Waggener, a former white power metal-band member who started his own motorcycle gang/skinhead cult.
Advertisement
The group gets its name from the guerrilla German resistance force organized by Adolf Hitler, and it is ... well .... It's a little hard to describe the WoV, but imagine if the Sons of Anarchy were a little more white supremacy-ish, did CrossFit and occasionally spent their spare time setting fire to black churches. (No, really. They actually do all of that. I'm not saying it's part of their training regimen, but there's this:)
Advertisement
To be fair, when Lemyng was asked about his gym's ties to white supremacy and the Wolves of Vinland, he replied, “This business doesn't have ties to our personal lives. I think the controversial claims made against the WoV ultimately come from a place of ignorance, fear and bigotry. Vengeance is comprised of an eclectic group of people who support many different ideals.”
Lemyng added:
Just FYI, I think any kind of hatred towards an individual or a group of people based on their appearance, nationality, color, sex, religion or orientation stems from a place of weakness. At Vengeance, we violently pursue the cultivation of strength on all levels. Weakness, such as the aforementioned flavor of thereof, is the only thing which is not tolerated here. You're welcome.
Advertisement
Here's a pro tip to Sky Lemyng: When you add the “based on their ... ” part, it negates everything you said before it.
There are some, however, who dispute that Lemyng is a white supremacist. When the Nashville Scene pointed out that it couldn't find a nonwhite person in any of Vengeance Strength's Facebook photos, a man who said he is “full-blooded Chinese” and a woman who said she is Native American pointed themselves out in one photo. One black woman also declared that Lemyng was “clearly not a white supremacist” because she dated him for two years.
So that clears everything up.
Except for this “life rune” tattoo he prominently displays on his chest:
Advertisement
Sites from as far left as the Southern Poverty Law Center to the white nationalist Wikipedia, Stormfront, identify Lemyng's chest tattoo as a skinhead symbol. It appears on the flag of numerous white supremacist organizations, including the Volksfront flag (SPLC only lists 22 variations of the rune symbol).
Advertisement
Now, about my gym membership. I really do want to visit this place—and not just because I want to wait until someone needs a spotter and then drop barbells on their neck. I find white people like this fascinating.
I don't care anything about whether Caucasians have a superior method for doing sit-ups or Lemyng's fetishization of pagan, nationalist, Nordic, Nazi worship. But I've always been intrigued by people who fall for bullshit sales pitches like this—whether it's white people willing to pay $399 per month (the cost of membership) so they won't have to do chin-ups on bars that have been touched by Negro fingers or poor Southerners and Midwesterners who thought that a six-time bankrupt, vagina-grabbing, trust-fund, pseudo-billionaire, bronzer-addicted sociopath would rescue them from poverty.
The Nashville Scene did not speak to the other owner of Vengeance because he was on an out-of-town trip with the founders of the Wolves of Vinland.
Advertisement
Watch the Fox News 17 video below:
A New York City cop arrested Thursday for being part of a conspiracy to kidnap, rape, cook and eat women is being charged, in part, with violating computer crime laws for using a federal law enforcement database to track a potential victim.
Active-duty New York City police officer Gilberto Valle is accused of plotting with multiple people to kidnap a number of women. The FBI says they found dossiers on 100 potential female victims on his computer and that they interviewed 10 of them, who all say they know Valle. One of his co-conspirators allegedly planned to rape one of the women and then cook her, alive, in a cage.
In addition to one count of conspiracy to kidnap, Valle faces one count of violating computer crime law by accessing the FBI's National Crime Information Center (NCIC) database to glean information on a woman identified only as Victim 3. According to the criminal complaint (.pdf), Valle exceeded his authorization to use the database around May 31, and did not have authorization to search for Victim 3.
Valle allegedly wanted to become a professional kidnapper and was asking $5,000 to kidnap a woman and deliver her, alive but unconscious, to an unnamed conspirator.
According to chats in the complaint, Valle reluctantly declined to stick around for the proposed rape and cooking, citing his desire to maintain his professionalism.
"It is going to be so hard to restrain myself when I knock her out, but I am aspiring to be a professional kidnapper and that's business," Valle allegedly wrote. "But I will really get off on knocking her out, tying up her hands and bare feet and gagging her. Then she will be stuffed into a large piece of luggage and wheeled out to the van."
According to the complaint, the FBI was told by a New York Police Department officer about Valle's alleged NCIC search, but it's not clear if that evidence comes from NCIC audit logs or from a fellow officer's observation of the search.
If true, it would hardly be the first time that government databases were abused by people in power for stalking. Just this February, for instance, a former police officer discovered that her DMV records had been accessed by 104 officers in 18 different agencies.
Parisians have chic, Italians have la dolce vita, Brits have Evelyn Waugh—and Americans will always have cool.
Defining “cool” is a bit like that famous Potter Stewart quote about hardcore pornography—“I know it when I see it.” Who you think is cool, and what you think makes them so, is incredibly personal and subjective.
PHOTOS: Portraits of 'American Cool'
But, a new exhibition at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C., “American Cool,” attempts to create a definitive history of the progression of “cool,” our greatest cultural export, through 100 photographs of icons including Mae West, Jim Brown, and Quentin Tarantino.
“What do we mean when we say somebody is cool in America?” is the question the exhibition elicits, says one of the curators, Frank Goodyear III, who is co-director of the Bowdoin College Museum of Art.
Goodyear, along with co-curator Joel Dinerstein of Tulane University, created a rubric of four factors (at least three had to be met for inclusion) to winnow down the list from over 500 possibilities to the current 100. The individuals needed to have an original artistic vision and style, be representative of their generation's cultural rebellion, have instant visual recognition, and have a lasting cultural legacy.
While our modern sense of cool started with jazz musician Lester Young, the exhibition backdates its beginning to include two men the curators call the “granddaddies of cool”—Frederick Douglass and Walt Whitman. While the famously stern portrait of Douglass may not seem worthy by today's standards, Douglass invented black public masculinity and became one of the earliest embodiments of the element of cool that says, “Don't mess with me.”
Whitman, pictured in an engraving in the front of Leaves of Grass, captures the confidence (or arrogance) of an individual going completely against the establishment. This dogged pursuit of self-discovery becomes a theme throughout the exhibit and is seen in a range of characters, from beatniks like Jack Kerouac and brooding grunge rockers like Kurt Cobain, to inventors like Steve Jobs.
The exhibition is broken into four parts. The first, titled “The Roots of Cool: Before 1940” is probably the most educational of the sections, featuring men and women likely unknown to most people today.
Two of the women from this section are particularly noteworthy and relevant today. Long before Madonna, Bette Midler, and Lady Gaga, Mae West incorporated drag queens and prostitutes into her work and famously said, in a pre-code Hollywood film, “When I'm good, I'm really good; but when I'm bad, I'm better.” Bessie Smith, one of the most influential blues singers, was a prominent feminist who sang of lust (including of the same-sex variety) and partying, perhaps even more frankly than most men. Janis Joplin (who did not make the final cut) once said she thought of herself as the reincarnation of Smith.
There is a set of famous paintings by Andy Thomas, one of former Democratic presidents playing cards, and one of former Republican presidents doing the same. FDR gives an avuncular grin around his famous cigarette holder to Andrew Jackson. LBJ gives Woodrow Wilson his famous Johnson lean. Teddy Roosevelt guffaws while Nixon grins.
Walking through the second section of the exhibition, titled “The Birth of Cool: 1940-59” feels like you're walking in on a similar dinner party, only with actors, musicians, and writers. Billie Holiday's portrait sits between the two titans of the west, John Wayne and Gary Cooper. Robert Mitchum, Barbara Stanwyck, and Jackson Pollock hang nearby, and would make for interesting companions during a night out. Part of the purpose of the exhibition is to remove the lines society normally establishes (categorizing people into groups like jazz musicians, writers, actors, and so on) and to integrate these cultural icons into one group, creating a comprehensive picture of the cultural changes wrought by these men and women.
One of the towering figures of this era, jazz musician Lester Young, is likely an unfamiliar face for many in the modern audience, but he is arguably the most important in the exhibit. He was the first performer to wear sunglasses at night while performing, and his slang became popularized, in particular his use of the word “cool.”
“There is no separating cool from the history of race relations in America,” argues Dinerstein. According to the curators, the idea of cool in American culture comes directly out of African-American culture in the jazz era. In one of its more fascinating results, the exhibit serves as a timeline of the progression of cool among black men, starting with Douglass and continuing on to feature boxer Jack Johnson, Duke Ellington, Jim Brown, Muddy Waters, Muhamed Ali, Michael Jordan, Afrika Bambaataa, and finally ending with Jay-Z. These images of African-American men and the messages they project to the world change as society changes. The proud defiance of Douglass stands in stark contrast to the too-cool-for-school nonchalance of Jim Brown, who grimaces while surrounded by adoring white reporters. And yet traces of both can be seen in the final picture, that of Jay-Z, the multimillionaire outlaw who has society's approval but still remains outside of it.
The exhibition also opens up a generational dialogue. Young viewers may struggle to explain the cultural importance of Missy Elliott's “Get Your Freak On” to their elders, who, in turn, will be more familiar with historic individuals like novelist Raymond Chandler. Chandler's Philip Marlowe, the iconic detective featured in his novels, was the popular antihero who was “beat, but not beaten.” That archetype is an all-too-familiar trope in American film and television now. Chandler's work also provided a major influence for Ian Fleming's James Bond, representing an early example of the export value of American cool.
This is also the era when the rare event of a star dying too young became an all-too-often occurrence. James Dean and Hank Williams burned bright and hard, with Dean in particular inspiring the adage “live fast, die young, and leave a good-looking corpse.” That sentiment is seen through the remainder of the exhibition, with individuals like Jean-Michel Basquiat, Bruce Lee, Selena, and Jimi Hendrix all having died at an early age.
The obvious inflection point in the show occurs with the jump from icons of the 40s and 50s, to those of the 60s and 70s. During this shift, the idea of cool goes from collected understatement (chill) to raw, naked, defiant emotion.
Few captures that shift better than Angela Davis, whose pyretic history as a Communist Party leader is perhaps only matched in notoriety by her afro, which became a political statement in its own right.
While arguably some of the coolest people ever, Muhammad Ali, Paul Newman, Hunter S. Thompson, came from this period, this is also the era, according to the curators, when women really carved out their own space in terms of defining “cool.” In particular, the female musicians featured, like Bonnie Raitt, Deborah Harry, and Patti Smith, who took a relatively masculine concept and made it one woman could openly own.
Due more to the layout than anything else, most visitors will likely start at the end of the exhibit with “The Legacies of Cool: 1980—Present.” Full of eye-catching photographs of people easily recognizable today, this period marks a second major inflection point in the development of “cool,” when the concept was turned on its head and became as much about wealth as anything else. Whereas selling out was considered a crime in the 60s and 70s, by the late 80s and 90s, selling in, i.e. making money and thus gaining power, was the way to get on top. The faces seen here—Jay-Z, Quentin Tarantino, Johnny Depp, Madonna, Prince, Bruce Springsteen, and Missy Elliott—could be mistaken for the annual Forbes list of the most powerful celebrities.
The question of whether this change is simply a product of those currently considered influential or is a true societal shift towards valuing the relentless pursuit of wealth is one that challenges an assumption at the heart of the exhibit's premise. Were these people cool because they changed society, or were they merely the most prominent reflections of its changing face?
That “American Cool” focuses on photography is an effective means of forming a connection between the viewer and the featured stars. The pictures are evenly spaced and set against smoky blue walls, inviting viewers to immerse themselves in the moment. Because it is in the National Portrait Gallery, with prestigious works by Gilbert Stuart, Alexander Gardner, and Degas, the exhibition is also a study in 20th century portraiture, which came to be dominated by the camera. It's a veritable who's who of big name photogs—Leibowitz, Avedon, Halsman, Arbus. More important for the viewer, though, is the “sense of immediacy … that we can know the person … imagine ourselves there,” Goodyear says.
For those unable to make the trek to D.C., Prestel has published a fantastic book titled American Cool in conjunction with the exhibit. The glossy, entrancing photos are accompanied by excellent essays from the curators on how they approached defining the uniquely American attribute. In addition, each photograph has a neat aperçu sure to make for some interesting trivia at a dinner party.
In the end, if you're left fuming because the curators overlooked your longtime hero or included somebody you cannot stand, remember, it really is a personal determination. In a nod to the subjective nature of defining cool, the curators have provided a comment book next to their Alt-100 list of those who missed the cut.
Or, do what the rest of us do nowadays, and send out angry tweets. Just make sure to use the correct hashtag, #AmericanCool.
At the time, the novelist Annie Thomas, an intimate friend, was staing with Mrs. Marryat. Florence and Annie took the adress Mr. Dunphy gave them of the American medium Mrs. Holmes, who was then visiting London and lodging in Old Quebec Street. They refused any introduction, and went to see her incognito.
The next evening, when Mrs. Holmes held a public seance, the two women presented themselves at Mrs. Holmes' as Miss Taylor and Miss Turner. They had first removed their wedding-rings, because they wanted to look "as virginal as possible".
Mrs. Holmes did not receive them very graciously. They were strangers to her – probably sceptics - and the medium eyed them rather coldly. It was a bitter night; the snow lay so thick upon the ground that Mrs. Taylor & Mrs. Turner had some difficulty in procuring a hansom to take them to Old Quebec Street.
No other visitors arrived, and after a little while Mrs. Holmes offered to return their money (ten shillings). She said there would probably be no manifestations on account of the inclemency of the weather. (Any extreme heat or cold is indeed liable to make a seance a dead failure.) But Annie Thomas had to return home the following day, and so they begged the medium to try at least and show them something.
Florence was not quite sure what she expected or hoped for on this occasion. She was full of curiosity, but she didn't think to see a face which she would recognize as having been on earth. Florence waited till nine o'clock in hopes that a circle would be formed; but as no one else came, Mrs. Holmes consented to sit with them alone, warning them however to prepare for a disappointment.
The lights were extinguished, and they sat for the usual preliminary dark seance. When it concluded, the gas was re-lit and now they were waiting to see the “Spirit Faces”...
There were two small rooms connected by folding doors. Annie Thomas and Florence Marryat were asked to go into the back room and to lock the door communicating with the landings,. They had to secure it with their own seal, stamped upon a piece of tape stretched across the opening. Mrs. Holmes asked them to examine the window and bar the shutter inside, and to search the room thoroughly. There was no one concealed in it.
When they were satisfied that no one could enter from the back, Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, Annie Thomas and Florence Marryat were seated on four chairs in the front room, arranged in a row before the folding doors. The doors were opened, and a square of black calico was fastened across the aperture from one wall to the other. The calico had a square hole of about the size of an ordinary window, at which the spirit faces would appear.
"There was no singing, nor noise of any sort made to drown the sounds of preparation, Florence Marryat related, "and we could have heard even a rustle in the next room."
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes talked of their various experiences, and then, suddenly, something white and indistinct like a cloud of tobacco smoke appeared and disappeared again. “They are coming! Oh, I am so glad they are coming!” exlaimed Mrs. Holmes. “I didn't think we should get anything tonight!"
The white mass advanced and retreated several times, and finally settled before the aperture and opened in the middle. A female face was distinctly to be seen now, above the black calico... and to her amazement, Florence recognizes the features of Annie Thomas' mother!
Annie was very much affected, and talked to her mother in the most incoherent manner. The spirit did not answer in words, but she bowed her head or shook it, according as she wished to say “yes” or “no”. Florence could not help feeling awed at the appearance of the dear old lady, but what puzzled her the most was the cap she wore, which was made of white net, quilled closely round the face, and unlike any she had ever seen the old lady wear in life.
Florence whispered this to Annie, and her friend replied at once: “It is the cap she was buried in…”
Mrs. Thomas had possessed a very pleasant but very uncommon looking face, with bright black eyes, and a complexion of pink and white like that of a child. It was some time before Annie could be persuaded to let her mother go, but the next face that presented itself astonished her quite as much, for she recognized it as that of Captain Gordon, a gentleman whom she had known intimately and for a length of time.
Florence had never seen Captain Gordon in the flesh, but she had heard of him, and she knew he had died from a sudden accident. All she saw was the head of a goodlooking young man. While her friend conversed with him about olden days, Florence minutely examined the working of the muscles of his throat, which undeniably stretched when his head moved.
As she was doing so, he leaned forward, and she saw a dark stain, which looked like a clot of blood on his fair hair, on the left side of the forehead.
“Annie! What did Captain Gordon die of?” she asked.
“He fell from a railway carriage,” Annie replied, “and struck his head upon the line.”
Florence then pointed out to her the blood upon his hair…
Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross is President-elect Donald Trump's pick for Commerce secretary, two sources tell CNN.
The nomination is expected to be rolled out as part of an economic team announcement on Wednesday, when Trump will likely name Steven Mnuchin as treasury secretary.
The Cabinet-level position, which requires Senate confirmation, serves as the government's chief business advocate. The Commerce secretary is a liaison between companies and the White House. Ross could play a key role in what are expected to be Trump's signature economic policy issues like trade and jobs.
Ross, 79, fits the type of administration official Trump pledged to appoint during the campaign: businessmen with long resumes at the ready to negotiate for U.S. interests around the world.
As a vocal Trump supporter before the election, Ross cited the need for a "more radical, new approach to government" that would help middle class and lower middle class Americans.
Ross, chairman of WL Ross & Co., has made a career of resurrecting dying companies. Fittingly, some of Ross's biggest hits have been in the same demoralized industries that Trump wants to revive: steel and coal.
For instance, Ross's firm scored huge returns last decade by cobbling together bankrupt steelmakers including Bethlehem Steel to form International Steel Group. Ross then flipped the conglomerate in a $4.5 billion sale two years later.
Ross's foray into the coal industry, however, ran into trouble in January 2006 when 12 miners were killed after an explosion at the Sago Mine in West Virginia. His company, the International Coal Group, had taken over the mine a couple months earlier.
According to federal reports, the mine had recorded 96 safety violations in 2005 that were deemed "serious and substantial." The mine was fined nearly $134,000, an amount later reduced in court.
Ross, a New Jersey native, has amassed a fortune that Forbes estimates is worth nearly $3 billion. He's used some of that money to build an impressive art collection worth a reported $150 million.
In addition to chairing his equity fund, Ross also sits on a number of boards of directors, including for the Bank of Cyprus, where he is vice chairman; Arcelor Mittal, a steel giant; Sun Bancorp, a bank holding compnay; and Exco Resources, a natural gas and oil exploration company.
Like Trump, who famously called himself the "king of debt," Ross is not afraid to borrow money. Ross frequently used debt to finance his acquisitions, a tactic known as a leveraged buyout.
Carl Icahn, another billionaire backer of Trump, said on Twitter before the announcement that Ross is one of the "smartest people I know" and would be a "great" choice to lead the Commerce Department.
1/2 Spoke to @realDonaldTrump. Steve Mnuchin and Wilbur Ross are being considered for Treasury and Commerce. Both would be great choices. — Carl Icahn (@Carl_C_Icahn) November 15, 2016
2/2 Both are good friends of mine but, more importantly, they are two of the smartest people I know. — Carl Icahn (@Carl_C_Icahn) November 15, 2016
Should Ross be confirmed, he would take over for Penny Pritzker, who has held the job under President Obama since 2013. And his policies would likely represent a 180-degree departure from Pritzker's Commerce Department.
Pritzker strongly supported free trade and has traveled to 38 countries during her tenure. She advocated clean energy partnerships and the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal, both of which Donald Trump campaigned hard against.
Ross has been a vocal critic of free trade deals.
"Free trade is like free lunch: There is no free lunch," Ross told Fox Business in August. "Somebody wins and somebody loses. And unfortunately, we've been losing with these stupid agreements that we've made."
The Commerce Department includes the International Trade Administration, which enforces the nation's trade agreements.
Whoever is chosen as commerce secretary will likely continue many of the policies that Pritzker and the Obama administration held dear.
Pritzker supported public-private partnerships to build up American manufacturing industries. Many businesses -- notably For (F)-- have recently opted to keep some of their plants open in the United States as a result of those initiatives.
Other important agencies fall under the Commerce Department, including the National Weather Service, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the Bureau of Economic Analysis, the agency that tracks economic growth, the trade surplus or deficit and other important economic measures.
The new secretary will also oversee the 2020 national census. The census is critical for understanding the scope of poverty and underserved communities across the country. It is also the basis for adjusting the number of congressional districts in each state, which determines presidential electoral votes.
--CNNMoney's Jill Disis and David Goldman contributed to this story.
(Newser) – A 22-year-old Colombia woman who went to the doctor with abdominal pains turned out to have a potato growing in her vagina—because she'd put it there as contraception, says Colombia Reports via Metro. "My mom told me that if I didn't want to get pregnant, I should put a potato up there, and I believed her," the woman was quoted as telling a local website. The embarrassed patient, from the central Colombian town of Honda, says she had inserted the potato about two weeks before the pain struck in her lower abdomen. Upon closer inspection, attending nurse Carolina Rojas found potato roots sticking out of the woman's vagina and even growing inside her.
Luckily the potato was removed without surgery, and medical staff predicted no long-term physical effects, but Rojas blamed the mother for giving her daughter such bad advice. The story is part of an ongoing battle over birth control and sex education in Colombia, where activists say a macho culture and disinterest in common birth control methods have led to high teen pregnancy rates. Indeed, sex ed classes introduced in the 1990s inspired some parents to start groups opposing the lessons. But Colombia isn't alone in trying odd birth-control methods, the Huffington Post reports: A survey of young British woman found that some used plastic wrap, latex gloves, and sandwich bags. (Read about a birth control shot designed for guys.)
The firefighters, one of the most politically active unions – and one that is plurality Republican – formally endorsed Democratic President Barack Obama and Vice President Joseph Biden for re-election. Its board vote on June 8 was unanimous.
IAFF said it decided after reviewing “the records and positions of the candidates competing for the most powerful elected position in the world, and concluded the choice of the next president of the United States is clear because of the stark contrasts between the candidates.”
The board's move is significant for several reasons. One is partisan leanings: President Harold Schaitberger estimates some 42 to 44 percent of his members are registered with the GOP. But Obama drew more than 60% of IAFF members' votes in 2008.
IAFF also has a well-deserved reputation for working with both parties. But it particularly made its political name in 2004 when its early efforts – virtually alone – boosted then-Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., to a win in the key Iowa Democratic caucuses, and eventually the Democratic presidential nomination.
IAFF also has high credibility because 343 of its members, plus its Catholic priest, were killed when the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center collapsed due to the Sept. 11, 2001, al-Qaeda terrorist attacks on the U.S. The IAFF members were busy rescuing some 25,000 other people from the Twin Towers.
And IAFF's board voted for Obama and Biden even as presumed GOP nominee Mitt Romney said the nation would be better off with fewer teachers, firefighters and police – along with fewer public workers in general, a statement IAFF criticized.
“On one hand, the current, sitting president and vice president have consistently shown their commitment with critical and increasing funding for programs that kept thousands of firefighters and paramedics on the job, and provided the equipment they need to protect their communities, during some of the toughest economic times our country and jurisdictions across the United States have ever experienced,” IAFF said.
“On the other hand, Romney, as governor of Massachusetts, repeatedly attempted to cut local aid to communities, jeopardizing public safety. He also attempted to strip away the collective bargaining rights of firefighters in the state and repeatedly stated he opposes and would zero-out the federal grant programs that provide critical funding to communities to keep firefighters working and for life-saving equipment and apparatus. Romney says: Cut firefighters, police and teachers.”)
“The simple fact is, over the past two years IAFF members have been literally assaulted – their rights attacked, their standard of living attacked, their retirement after a career serving their community attacked – and those assaults have been launched at every level by people who say the same things, promote the same policies and have similar records in public office as Romney,” Schaitberger explained.
'Accident': Cory Golightly, a sheriff's deputy in McCracken County, Kentucky, reportedly shot his own mother by dropping his gun
A sheriff's deputy reportedly shot his own mother after dropping his gun at a wedding reception.
Cory Golightly, a deputy in McCracken County, Kentucky, was adjusting his jacket when his gun and holster came loose and fell to the ground, a witness said.
The weapon fired when it hit the floor, allegedly shooting Golightly's own mother during the ceremony at the Baptist church in the town of Bardwell.
According to local news station WPSD, his mother was taken to hospital and is now in a stable condition.
Witnesses told the channel that he shouted his mother's name after the shooting and told her to be 'calm' while help came.
Golightly was not on duty at the time. It is unclear whether the gun was a service weapon from the sheriff's department, or one of his own.
Jon Hayden, the McCracken County sheriff, said Golightly's gun and holster were not the ones the department issued him.
According to WPSD, Golightly has been put on paid administrative leave while the neighboring sheriff's department in Carlisle County investigates.
Championship-bound Norwich City have signed striker Lewis Grabban from Bournemouth for an undisclosed fee.
The 26-year-old, who scored 22 goals in the second tier last season, had a £3m release clause in the Cherries contract he signed in January.
But the Canaries have not necessarily had to match that amount.
"It's good to start a new chapter, get going again with Norwich and hopefully get promotion," he said after agreeing a three-year deal at Carrow Road.
Grabban: Season-by-season 2013-14 (Bournemouth): 22 goals in 46 games
22 goals in 46 games 2012-13 (Bournemouth): 13 goals in 47 games
13 goals in 47 games 2011-12 (Rotherham): 21 goals in 47 games
21 goals in 47 games 2010-11 (Brentford- loan: 5 goals in 26 games
5 goals in 26 games 2009-10 (Millwall, Brentford - loan): 3 goals in 23 games
3 goals in 23 games 2008-09 (Millwall): 7 goals in 39 games
7 goals in 39 games 2007-08 (Crystal Palace, Motherwell - loan, Millwall): 3 goals in 23 games
3 goals in 23 games 2006-07 (Oldham - loan, Palace): 1 goal in 18 games
"I've played here before and the atmosphere's been great, the fans are great. It's exciting to be a part of the club now and hopefully do well for them."
Cardiff had an offer for Grabban accepted in May, but the Welsh side have since added Javi Guerra,Federico Macheda and Adam Le Fondre to their squad.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe confirmed the fee was a record for a Cherries player and added: "It is a huge amount of money, especially when you take into account the investment that was made in Grabs just two years ago."
Grabban enjoyed his best campaign in front of goal last season, finishing as the Championship's fourth-highest scorer.
The former Crystal Palace forward netted 21 times while in League Two with Rotherham two years ago, a haul which prompted his move to the Cherries.
He scored 13 goals in League One in the 2012-13 season to help the Dean Court side win promotion to the second tier.
But he has failed to find the net more than seven times in any of his previous campaigns, which has included loan spells at Oldham, Motherwell and Brentford, as well as a three-year stay at Millwall.
City boss Neil Adams, who was appointed permanently last month, added: "He will provide pace, intelligent movement and a high work ethic to the front line, and of course he showed in the Championship last season that he is capable of scoring a variety of different goals.
"Lewis possesses precisely the type of attitude, application and quality that I expect from my players, and I am really looking forward to integrating him into the squad."
The study of climate is complex, and scientists are always striving to understand Earth's climate better. This week, scientists announced the results of new research led by the University of Colorado Boulder, showing that an abnormal season of intense glacial melt in 2002 triggered decade-long changes in the physical and biological characteristics of Antarctica's McMurdo Dry Valleys. According to the scientists' statement:
The findings suggest that even abrupt, short-lived climate events can cause long-term alterations in polar regions that unfold over the span of several years and subsequently change the overall trajectory of an ecosystem.
The new research was published August 7, 2017 in the peer-reviewed journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
The McMurdo Dry Valleys are the largest ice-free region of Antarctica. With their low humidity and scarce precipitation, this region is considered a polar desert. The National Science Foundation has led a research program in the McMurdo Dry Valleys for 25 years, studying long-term changes in this region. The Long-Term Ecological Research (LTER) program has provided a continuous multi-decade record of atmospheric and ecological data from the program's research site in the Dry Valleys.
These scientists explained what they've observed:
Between 1987 and 2000, the MDV region experienced a period of cooling, during which mean summer temperatures steadily declined while solar radiation gradually increased. The trend resulted in expected changes to most biological variables, including decreased streamflow and increased thickness of permanent ice covers on lakes. In 2002, however, the McMurdo Dry Valleys experienced an abnormally warm and sunny summer season, triggering the greatest amount of glacial meltwater since 1969. The abrupt event prompted numerous changes in the lakes, streams and soils of the McMurdo Dry Valleys over the following decade.
Michael Gooseff, a fellow in CU Boulder's Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research (INSTAAR) is the lead investigator for the McMurdo Dry Valleys LTER project. He said:
This flood year was the pivot point. Prior to that, all physical and biological indicators had been moving in the same direction.
Instead of a tightly-correlated change, however, biological responses to the 2002 season varied and, in some cases, lagged behind by years, these scientists said. For example, the researchers found that one previously declining dominant soil species increased slowly following the flood year while a rarer species responded more positively to the moisture pulse and saw population increases carry over into subsequent summers. Ross Virginia, director of the Institute of Arctic Studies at Dartmouth College and a co-author of the study, said:
Long-term records are essential to understand how and when communities of organisms might respond together or as individual species when facing abrupt changes in their environment. As climate changes in the dry valleys, these kinds of biotic responses and interactions will shape its future biodiversity.
Paul Cutler, the NSF program officer for the two LTERs in Antarctica, noted that these results underscore the value of gathering data over decadal time scales:
The natural world operates in non-linear ways and on many different time scales, from daily cycles to processes that take centuries. The LTERs are instrumental in measuring and deciphering these complexities in order to inform basic understanding of ecosystem functioning and to refine predictions of the future of critical ecosystems, particularly in areas like the Dry Valleys, which maintain an ancient, but potentially delicate ecological balance.
The findings suggest that significant transformations of Antarctic ecosystems are underway now and will continue to be affected by future climate events. Gooseff explained:
A single extreme melt season led to an asynchronous pattern. It may be the abrupt, short-lived events that occur in response to climate change that cause long-term changes to physical and biological aspects of polar ecosystems.
Bottom line: A newly released study based on data from the Long-Term Ecological Research program in Antarctica's McMurdo Dry Valley shows how a short-lived climate event in 2002 caused long-term ecological changes.
Herberth Motorsport lead home Manthey-Racing to give the Porsche 911 GT3 R a 1-2 finish the Dubai 24 Hours.
Porsche factory driver Brendon Hartley lead the team of Robert Renauer, Ralf Bohn, Daniel Allemann and Alfred Renauer to the win after leading the race for most of the second half of the race.
Factory driver Sven Muller and Porsche Young Professional Matteo Cairoli helped bring second place home with Otto Klohns and Jochen Krumbach for Manthey-Racing.
There was further good news for Porsche Young Professional driver Matthieu Jaminet as he helped secure fifth place with the French Imsa Performance squad.
Sascha Pilz, Head of GT Customer Motorsport was delighted with the latest result which saw the customer cars battle it out in a field of 92 vehicles.
“I'm very pleased with this outcome of the 911 GT3 R at the start of its second race season and proud of the performance of our customer teams. Once again, the customer vehicle has demonstrated its competitiveness in long distance racing.
“We can now look forward to the next season highlight; the Rolex 24 in Daytona.” he added.
Porsche's LMP1 driver Brendon Hartley made his GT debut in Dubai, and will be hoping that it is a good omen for the season as he took his first 24 hour victory. “That was a great team effort from Herberth Motorsport. I only met the squad for the first time on Wednesday and me immediately felt at home.
“My first outing in a GT-Porsche was a great experience and I hope that I'll be back again next year. I love driving the 911 GT3 RS on the road and now I've also fallen in love with the racing version.”
Sven Müller was happy with the result but admitted that it was disappointing not to be able to fight for victory in the closing stages. “To begin my first season as a Porsche works driver on the podium is fantastic. We put in a very strong team performance. Towards the end we had a puncture so we couldn't fight for victory, but second place is more than we had expected.”
“What a great start to the season. This is my first podium result at a 24-hour race and it makes me want more.” added Cairoli.
Mathieu Jaminet echoed the thoughts of his Porsche stablemates “We didn't make any mistakes and our 911 GT3 R ran faultlessly over the entire distance. A double victory and fifth place for us – that's a fabulous start to the season for Porsche.”
Introduction
We haven't had a chance to sit down with any racing wheels for quite some time here at PC Perspective. We have an old Genius wheel on a shelf in the back of our closet here at the office. Ryan played around with that a few years back, and that was the extent of the racing wheel usage here at home base. Josh, on the other hand, frequents driving sims with a Thrustmaster F430. I hadn't ventured into racing sims, though I do dabble with the real thing a bit.
Given our previous Logitech coverage, and especially following our recent Q&A covering the new LogitechG line, it only made sense for us to take a look at the new Logitech G29 Driving Force Racing Wheel.
Today we are covering the G29, which is a PS3/PS4/PC specific model from Logitech. There is an Xbox/PC variant coming soon in the form of the G920, with will have a different (fewer) button layout and no LED RPM/shift display.
Read on for our review of the Logitech G29 Driving Force Racing Wheel!
Packaging
The G29 came to us triple-boxed, with cardboard dividers separating the various parts. All parts were plastic bagged, and there was certainly a ‘new car smell' upon opening the leather wrapped wheel.
A Closer Look
With all parts unpacked, we have some simple setup directions, a set of triple pedals, a power adapter, and the G29 wheel itself.
Taking a closer look at the pedals, we see they are of high quality construction. To better approximate the feel of actual car pedals, the spring rates and travel are different for all three pedals.
At the underside of the pedal assembly we find a few rubber feet, six threaded (M6x1) holes for mounting to a racing chair setup, and a spring loaded section of plastic spikes that can be extended.
These dig into carpet and prevent the pedal assembly from sliding backwards as pedals are depressed.
On the underside of the wheel we find the desk clamps and two additional M6x1 screw mounting holes. Cable management is nicely done here, with grooves to route all cables onto a built-in cleat which comes in handy to prevent cable ends from being pulled out of their connectors. Note there is no shifter connected here, as the shifter is optional with both the G29 and G920 Driving Force wheels.
At the top edge of the wheel we find a green power LED and a switch for PS3/PS4 compatibility.
In late December, two cyclists with heavy bruising on their faces said they had been punched by a random, angry motorist driving behind them on Turtle Creek Boulevard. Despite the serious accusations, the Dallas police who came to the scene that night didn't appear to try too hard to get to the bottom of what happened. Instead, they gave both the driver and one of the cyclists each a ticket for a class C misdemeanor assault, a low-level charge handled in municipal court. Then they let the driver go without a sobriety test.
"The incident was between two individuals, both were involved in mutual fight, that's why both are suspects," was the DPD's initial explanation for ticketing both the alleged assailant and one of his victims.
That the DPD would ticket a beat-up-looking person who says he got punched and run over isn't encouraging for assault victims, let alone cyclists. But now, police have switched course. Last week police decided to charge the driver with two counts of class A assault and filed the case with the district attorney's office. Meanwhile, the class C ticket against the cyclist has been dismissed.
This week, pop megastar Nicki Minaj's brother Jelani Maraj, 37, was back in court to answer to charges that he sexually assaulted his stepdaughter multiple times a week. If convicted, he faces a possible life prison sentence. The allegations, first reported by the preteen's brother, who said he witnessed the abuse firsthand, testified that he knew it wasn't right.
Following Maraj's initial arrest in December 2015, it was reported that Nicki Minaj posted $100,ooo bail for her brother as well as a cryptic, yet clear, message on Instagram to him: “I love you more than you'll ever comprehend.”
Since then, it has been rumored, but not confirmed, that Minaj has quietly bankrolled her brother's defense and is allowing his team to use her name and fame to discredit the young girl accusing him of assault in a bid to cast reasonable doubt on the allegations and get him set free.
They say blood is thicker than water, but damn.
I know there are many out there thinking and typing into someone's comment section: “It's her brother; what is she supposed to do?” or “We don't know what she, the preteen, did,” or “We don't have all of the facts.” And, my friends, that is the problem.
Advertisement
For far too long, we have looked the other way, made excuses for, rationalized or ignored the sexual abuse of girls by family members, mothers' boyfriends, boys in the hood and our “molester uncles.”
It's not OK.
The coldest part about it for me, though, is that it is often other women who rush to the defense of abusers or silence the women and girls who have the courage to speak out. And in Nicki Minaj's case, her seemingly calculated silence and alleged willingness to finance her brother's defense speak volumes. The young girl in the case, whom she also knows, gets crushed under the weight of Minaj's fame and her ability to muster public sympathy for her creepy-looking brother.
Advertisement
The famous “Monster” rapper is now seemingly defending an alleged real-life monster.
For the record, I believe the young girl and her brother. They have no reason to lie or to fabricate a story against a man whom, authorities say, they believed to be a father figure and whose sister is one of the most recognizable faces in hip-hop.
The idea being promoted by the defense is that the girl's mother is out to extort $25 million from Nicki Minaj in exchange for her silence. Who are we to say whether this is true? However, that is a separate court case for another day and not the issue at hand. I believe the mother may have been well aware of the abuse and did nothing to stop it (a phenomenon also not uncommon) and may now be trying to use it for her own gain.
Advertisement
I know many survivors of sexual assault, harassment and abuse; I, too, am one. When the #MeToo hashtag took hold of my Facebook page, I was not surprised by the number of women on my timeline, mostly black, who used the tag not only to stand in solidarity with other survivors but also to jump-start a conversation about sexual abuse and harassment in the black community.
The conversation, which I believed was long overdue and I was hoping for, never happened.
And I know why. Those of us who are survivors know that we will be called liars or silenced by the very people we are hoping will come to our defense and fight for us. Regardless of our age, or the age we were when the abuse occurred, we will be called hos, thots, gold diggers or fast, or be told to shut up.
Advertisement
When we silence, blame or look the other way when brown girls are abused or violated, it sends the message that they don't matter, and that anyone can harm or violate them without accountability or consequence. For sure, we cannot sacrifice the girls and young women in our communities in order to protect the men and boys who are causing them harm.
_______________________________________________
C. Nicole Mason is the author of Born Bright: A Young Girl's Journey From Nothing to Something in America (St. Martin's Press). Her writing has been featured in the Los Angeles Times, the Chronicle of Higher Education, Politico, The Nation, Marie Claire magazine, USA Today, Essence magazine and the New York Times, among other outlets. Most recently she delivered a well-received TED Talk at TEDWomen on “The Courage to Disrupt” and “The Gift of Being Difficult.”
Ohio legislators passed a "heartbeat bill" Wednesday that bans abortion after a fetus's heartbeat can be heard — on average around six weeks into a pregnancy. The bill has no exception for cases of rape or incest.
The bill was tacked on at the last minute to another bill addressing child abuse. It was approved in the Republican-dominated state House and Senate, and will now move on to Republican and anti-abortion Gov. John Kasich's desk. He will sign or veto it within the next 10 days.
“A hallmark of lame duck" — a term used to describe sessions of lawmakers that sit between when elections are over and the new lawmakers take office — "is a flood of bills, including bills inside of bills, and we will closely examine everything we receive," said Kasich's press secretary, Emmalee Kalmbach.
The American Civil Liberties Union told BuzzFeed News that they are preparing to fight back against ban, should it become law. "if Governor Kasich signs that bill, we will absolutely challenge that in federal court," Mike Brickner, senior policy director of ACLU Ohio, said. "We believe that it is unconstitutional."
Many women do not know they are pregnant until they have missed two periods, which can often be around eight weeks. Others may find out before the six-week mark, but might still be unable to get an abortion in time because there are a lack of clinics in Ohio and state laws require women wait 24 hours between an informational appointment about abortion and having the procedure done.
Dr. Diane Horvath-Cosper, a practitioner of clinical medicine and member of Physicians for Reproductive Health, told BuzzFeed News that the bill was "extreme" and "dangerous."
"We have evidence that shows that banning abortion does not make it go away — it just increases the chances that people will seek care in potentially unsafe environments," Horvath-Cosper said.
The ban was attached at the last minute to another measure, House Bill 493, which expedites the process by which doctors report cases of child abuse to law enforcement authorities.
The bill was written by anti-abortion and anti-LGBT rights activist Janet Porter (formerly Janet Folger). She authored the book The Criminalization of Christianity: Read This Book Before It Becomes Illegal!
Republican state Sen. Kris Jordan called for the "heartbeat" amendment to be included earlier Wednesday morning. The Ohio Senate voted 20–11 to add the amendment, then passed the bill with a primarily partisan 21–10 vote.
"We are a pro-life caucus," Jordan wrote in a statement. "The passage of this legislation in the Ohio Senate demonstrates our commitment to protecting the children of Ohio at every stage of life."
Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown, a Democrat, told BuzzFeed News Wednesday that he believed the bill had "been shown to be unconstitutional."
“It'd be nice if the legislature would actually be doing something about jobs and doing something about renewable energy standards and keeping the economy growth going that way instead of passing unconstitutional bills,” the senator said, going on to list pieces of legislation he believed Ohio's lawmakers should be working on instead.
Following Trump's election, anti-abortion legislation has been introduced all over the country — including a law that would ban abortion entirely in Indiana. Pro–abortion rights groups are fighting back.
"Politicians resorted to underhanded tactics to try and sneak through this harmful legislation without notice," Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood Action Fund told BuzzFeed News. She said she expects Ohio citizens to protest the bill adding, "we will fight back, no matter what."
Last week, Planned Parenthood, the Center for Reproductive Rights, and the ACLU filed lawsuits in three states to overturn abortion restrictions, saying that they were against the 1973 Supreme Court decision Roe v. Wade, as well as June's decision upholding the abortion rights law. In the latter, the court, by a vote of 5–3, struck down abortion provider restrictions in Texas.
If abortion legislation is challenged and makes its way to the US Supreme Court, it would face the question of whether it places an undue burden on a woman's right to an abortion.
If Kasich signs the bill or does nothing, the bill will become law early next year.
The idea for TakeMeasure had come from a practical need. The founder had been about to fly with a new piece of luggage with dimensions enforcing airliner. He had realised he had got no ruler at home and that was the moment when the research for TakeMeasure started!
Is it possible to measure lengths of things by using just a camera?
Almost! You will just need a reference object: sheet of paper, wallet card or a banknote. Then you can measure anything in the same plane in which the reference object lies. Best to see the examples or a short video below.
Can I measure objects from any angle?
Yes, indeed from any angle! Thanks to the mathematics of projective geometry. TakeMeasure allows you to measure dimensions of any small or large objects that fit into your camera view. Highlight a reference and leave the algorithm to do the rest.
Image copyright Getty Images
The net flow of migrants into the UK over a decade was underestimated by 346,000, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) says.
New year-on-year figures show the highest discrepancies came in the first four years after Eastern European countries joined the EU.
The ONS realised after the 2011 census that its previous projections had overlooked many people entering the UK.
A review found the main reason was "inadequate sampling" of migrants.
'Out of control'
Net migration is the number of people moving to the UK minus the number leaving.
We have known for some time that net migration must have been much higher during the 2001 to 2011 period than the official estimates had suggested Carlos Vargas-Silva, The University of Oxford
The government wants it cut to under 100,000 by the next general election - but it currently stands at more than 200,000.
The ONS's review looked into the quality of migration estimates, which are based largely on the International Passenger Survey (IPS) - a system designed to collect information about passengers entering and leaving the UK.
The IPS found some citizens coming into the UK from the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia had not been counted between 2004 and 2008.
This was partly because IPS interviews focused on major airports such as Heathrow, Gatwick and Manchester - at the expense of regional hubs which were increasingly being used by migrants, the ONS said.
Regional airports in the UK were either not covered at all by the IPS or not fully covered, the ONS said.
Improvements were later made to the IPS, and from 2008 more interviews were conducted at major regional airports such as Luton and Stansted.
The ONS said: "There is evidence that shows the IPS missed a substantial amount of immigration of EU8 citizens [from the eight Eastern European countries named] that occurred between 2004 and 2008, prior to IPS improvements from 2009.
"This is evident from comparisons of IPS data with a number of other data sources related to immigration."
'Better data needed'
Migration Watch UK chairman Sir Andrew Green said: "This is final confirmation that net foreign immigration under Labour totalled nearly four million, two-thirds from outside the European Union.
"It also shows that the peak of net migration was almost 275,000 a year, making it even more difficult for the present government to get the numbers down to the tens of thousands."
Downing Street said David Cameron had "confidence" in the ONS.
The prime minister's spokesman said: "What the latest ONS statistics underline is the point at which, in the 2000s, immigration was out of control."
Carlos Vargas-Silva, senior researcher at the Migration Observatory at the University of Oxford, said: "We have known for some time that net migration must have been much higher during the 2001-2011 period than the official estimates had suggested.
"This report provides important evidence of the need for better migration data and of the limitations of using a survey to develop net migration data."
Small business owners, how do you feel about your website being blocked or slowed because bigger companies are paying internet providers more than you are? Consumers, how do you feel about having internet providers decide which content you are able to access based on who is lining their wallets? If this feels like an infringement on your consumer rights and a giant blow to free speech, we are definitely on the same page. And yet, the Federal Communications Commission has unveiled a plan that would let all of the above happen by repealing what is called net neutrality regulation.
If you're unfamiliar with the phrase, net neutrality is the phrase to describe consumer protections by the FCC that allow you, the consumer, to be in charge of your internet experience. It prohibits internet providers such as AT&T, Verizon or Comcast from speeding up, slowing down or blocking content from you. In this instance, regulation is really a fancy word for protection. Net neutrality protects consumers from having content dictated to them by big telecom companies.
Do you trust your internet provider to be in charge of information that gets filtered to you? What about the information that gets filtered to students? The internet has become a part of the daily lives of nearly all Americans, and it is heavily integrated into our education system. We use the internet to fact-check current events and news stories, research diverse and unfiltered information, and form our own opinions. But what if the FCC goes through with its intended repeal? A key aspect of our current net neutrality laws is that they prevent internet providers from censoring certain websites or content with which they disagree.
Removing these laws would open up the internet to all kinds of censorship, from stifling innovation (such as in 2007-09 when AT&T tried to block access to Skype for iPhone users) to internet providers filtering content and only showing you what big businesses pay them to show you. Or worse, only showing you content that one political party wants you to see.
This issue affects every consumer in this country, but it also affects businesses. The invention of the internet went a long way in opening up new avenues for small businesses to succeed. Without net neutrality, small businesses and start-ups will suffer. When I started my consulting business, the first thing I did was create a website and spread the word on social media. I chose to do that because it is effective and extremely low cost.
But with this new plan, internet companies could decide that unless I can afford to pay high fees for premium services, they will slow down my loading speeds or even block content on my site completely. While proponents of repealing net neutrality say that was government overreach, I would push back on that: Isn't one of the roles of government to protect Americans? To protect consumers?
In an interview by The Nation, former FCC Commissioner Michael Copps said, “There can be no truly open internet without net neutrality. To believe otherwise is to be captive to special interest power brokers or to an old and discredited ideology that thinks monopoly and not government oversight best serves the nation.”
Fair and equal access to information on the internet is the only way to avoid that happening, and a service as vital as internet access shouldn't be up to the latest whim of the current administration (whether that be Republican or Democrat). We need Congress to take this important topic on and stand up for the rights of American consumers and small businesses. We must enact legislation that would provide long-term stability and direction for internet services.
Courtney Tritch is a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Indiana's 3rd District congressional seat.
Actor hopes studio will ‘show some love to the women of the franchise on the next one... or I just might have to say goodbye'
Actor Michelle Rodriguez has threatened to leave the Fast and Furious film series if the franchise doesn't improve the roles it creates for female actors.
The actor, who stars as the street racer Leticia “Letty” Ortiz in the films, made the comments on Instagram. “F8 is out digitally today, I hope they decide to show some love to the women of the franchise on the next one,” she wrote, “or I just might have to say goodbye to a loved franchise.”
She added: “It's been a good ride & I'm grateful for the opportunity the fans & studio have provided over the years … One Love.”
F8 is out digitally today, I hope they decide to show some love to the women of the franchise on the next one. Or I just might have to say goodbye to a loved franchise. It's been a good ride & Im grateful for the opportunity the fans & studio have provided over the years... One Love 🤘🏼❤️🤗🙏🦄✨🌍🙊🤔 A post shared by Michelle Rodriguez (@mrodofficial) on Jun 27, 2017 at 8:43am PDT
Rodriguez has appeared in five Fast and Furious films, most recently The Fate of the Furious (titled Fast and Furious 8 outside the US). While that movie introduced two new female characters, played by Charlize Theron and Helen Mirren, Rodriguez had limited screen time, and the film had a greater focus on male actors such as Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson.
Rodriguez has previously expressed concern about the overly masculine nature of the franchise. In an interview with Entertainment Weekly last month she said that the tone of the franchise was male-focused because of the violent criminal world it represents. She had hoped that as the series progressed it would evolve out of that “90s macho vibe”, but the film series' growing popularity in developing markets like China, where “the grand majority of the population are boys”, had made that impossible.
“At the end of the day, what message are we sending out there for women?” Rodriguez said. “It does weigh heavy on [me], especially in the male-dominated environment that I work in,” she said.
The Fate of the Furious was released in April and has grossed over $1bn at the worldwide box office, with a combined gross of the eight-film series to over $5bn globally.
CUUSOO is a platform where people can propose a new Lego idea. If a project gets 10,000 votes Lego will consider producing it! If you like this project, please press the green SUPPORT button to vote! The button will change to 'SUPPORTING' when it's successful. Voting does not imply commitment to purchase any current or future Lego product. Thank you for your support!Help Spread the Word to make LEGO Mega Man happen!- Tell every Mega Man fan you know- Post in relevant forums- Send "Tip" emails to relevant gaming sites, such as: Joystiq and Kotaku- Tweet your followers and send direct tweets to gaming personalities- Use Reddit as intended and responsiblyMany thanks to Gameinformer.com and Nintendolife.com for featuring articles on their websites!*****************************************************************************This project is based on the Nintendo® game Mega Man (Rock Man in Japan). This great game, made by Capcom and Keiji Inafune, deserves a tribute in LEGO® bricks! The designs are based on the 8-bit classic Mega Man.Story: Evil Dr. Wily builds a fortress and army of robotic henchmen, led by eight Robot Masters of his design. Mega Man is sent by his creator, Dr. Light, to defeat Dr. Wily and his Robot Masters.More Lego MegaMan art and higher quality images can be found on my flickr page
A shout. “Hold it!” The camera cuts between stunned faces as everyone waits, sweating, wondering what sort of interjection will shake things up next.
This happens so often, you'd think they would be used to it by now.
But no. Shock. Disbelief. Someone barges into the courtroom—someone new, someone unexpected. Maybe someone shouts a new piece of information from the witness bench. Maybe something isn't what it seemed to be, or someone wasn't who she seemed to be, and maybe everything you thought you knew about this trial is about to be flipped on its head.
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney - Dual Destinies, the clumsily-titled fifth main installment in the Phoenix Wright series, is full of surprises like this. It's a chaotic blur of perjury and plot twists, a journey through a world where the outcome of murder trials is determined not by nonsense like “law” but by an attorney's ability to pull out the right evidence at the right time.
And it's those moments, those “Hold it!”s, those revelatory seconds when everything clicks for your spiky-haired band of lawyers, that make this game special. Phoenix Wright games are masters of the dripfeed, of steadily handing you pieces of information that build and build and build to finally culminate in scenes like this:
Advertisement
When you get there, you'll know what he means.
At this point you might be wondering: just what is a Phoenix Wright game?
A Phoenix Wright game is a lawyer simulator, and it's also a narrative adventure, and it's also a visual novel. You, as the eponymous defense attorney and his band of peppy subordinates, are charged with defending a wide range of clients from false murder charges. To do so, you have to call witnesses and poke holes in their testimonies, picking apart their lies using logic and evidence that, in Dual Destinies, is rarely a challenging activity, but is always an entertaining one.
Advertisement
This is all far less dry than it sounds, because Phoenix Wright's judicial system is a surreal world where witnesses are all compulsive liars and verdicts are administered single-handedly by a confused old judge. Dual Destinies is a funny game, and a quirky one, and like its predecessors, it is excellent at convincing you to buy into its world. It's good at getting you to care.
It's also, I think, the perfect starting point for series newcomers, because the story is self-contained and the emotional impact doesn't rely upon your knowledge of previous games. There are returning characters, yes, but the game does a good job of explaining who they are and why they matter.
(Kind of bummer: some of the dangling plot threads from the final case of the last game, Apollo Justice, are ignored in this one. And the MASON system that was so crucial last time around is never even brought up again.)
Advertisement
As the fifth mainline Phoenix Wright game and the first for the 3DS, Dual Destinies is faced with the paradoxical question that every longrunning video game series must answer: how do you move forward while simultaneously embracing the formula that has worked so well for you in the past?
Dual Destinies straddles that line well, and the folks at Capcom have added tons of little tweaks that make the Phoenix Wright formula exponentially smoother. In past games, for example, text scrolling was annoyingly slow, and you could only speed through dialogue once you'd already beaten the game (or seen that dialogue before); in Dual Destinies, you can zip right through from the start. The investigation process is also somewhat different—crime scenes are now 3D, and you can look at them from multiple directions. The game will also let you know what parts of the scene you've already examined, so you don't have to hunt for pixels or inadvertently check the same piece of evidence 10 times in an attempt to find something new. Everything is more streamlined and more convenient.
There's also a text log that lets you scroll back through dialogue you might have missed, or skimmed, or skipped. This is an amazing feature, although at one point during my game, I ran into an odd bug where it just straight up disappeared:
Advertisement
I actually reached out to Capcom about this bug, but they said the developers hadn't seen it before, and they weren't able to re-create it. I asked a couple of other reviewers, and they hadn't seen it either. When I rebooted my game, it went away. So if you do happen to run into this glitch, just turn the game on and off and you should be okay.
There are five cases in Dual Destinies, although the fourth and fifth are really just one long one split in half. All of these cases tie together, and they're all satisfying in different ways—the first couple of trials, for example, are less about figuring out who committed grisly murder and more about contextualizing the events at hand: what happened? Why did it happen? How did it happen?
Some of the murder schemes turn out to be ridiculously convoluted, but that's just part of the fun.
Advertisement
As you might expect from a Phoenix Wright game, many of the new characters are fascinating—the law professor who believes that ends always justify means; the kleptomaniac butler; the quirky detective with a love for all things justice. Other characters are boring and stale—the feeble Juniper Woods, for example, who makes appearances in not just one but three different cases, is generic and timid, and part of me wanted to see her declared guilty just so she'd go away.
But the good outnumbers the bad. The three heroes—Phoenix, his apprentice Apollo Justice, and newcomer Athena Cykes—make a particularly strong impression, and their progression throughout the game is both meaningful and satisfying. You'll swap between all three for different parts of each case, and you'll get a peek at their inner thoughts along the way.
Advertisement
As you interrogate and cross-examine and press the witnesses and defendants of Dual Destinies, it's tough to not get a kick out of their ridiculous animations, and their insane motivations, and their quirky habits. The dialogue has been localized quite well—it's punchy and entertaining, even if it does have that annoying Phoenix Wrighty tendency to overexplain and hold your hand through every puzzle.
Even the game's new features, like a bizarre emotion detector that allows you to point out contradictions between what a witness is saying and what they're actually feeling, are simple and easy to master. (Is he sad? Does what he's saying not sound sad? Click sad!)
That's not why you play a game like Dual Destinies, though. This isn't a game meant to strain your logical skills or exercise your brain muscles. Challenge isn't really the point.
Advertisement
You play Dual Destinies because there's something undeniably appealing about the investigative process, like fitting together a jigsaw puzzle one piece at a time. You play it because of the sprawling, emotionally resonant story. You play it because plot twists are great and all when you watch them on television or read them in a book, but there's nothing quite like that moment in a video game like Dual Destinies—that moment where everything dawns on you, and something clicks, and you realize that everything has been leading up to this one moment, and you have to pick the right person and holy shit is that person really the culprit oh my god I can't believe that just—
Ponies to be added
VERSION 2 IS DONE!! [link] Inspired by the epic Comicon poster from last year, here is the end product of 3 months worth of work. And in case you missed that"V.1" in the title, let me just inform you that I'm not done with this. By the time Season 3 comes around I'll be packing even more characters into this pic.So all of those characters I haven't gotten around to, Granny Smith, Flim and Flam, The Shadowbolts, etc. I'll get to all of them eventually.[edit] Gah! How did I forget Spike?! (fixed)[edit] Added everyone's favourite Changeling[edit 5/1/12] Did the same thing with Colgate that I did with Spike.Granny SmithFlim and FlamDaisy, Lily, and RosePony JoeSnips and SnailsTwistShadowboltsChowderCarrot TopSparklerDinky DooWildfire/sibsy Screw BallNurse RedheartFeatherweightThe MasterRoyal GuardsBig McLarge HoovesScrew LooseIron WillCloud ChaserFlitterBlossom ForthThunderlaneCaramelFilthy RichAunt and Uncle OrangeThe Pie Family (Clyde, Sue, Blinky, and Inky)Twilight's Parents (Night Light and Twilight Velvet)Rarity's Parents (Magnum and Pearl)AceCherry JubileeCaeserMLP: FiM is property of HASBRO and Lauren Faust Art is by Me
Could living near trees really improve your health? Researchers who set out to examine this very question say it might. A recent study found that residents in urban neighborhoods with more trees reported feeling healthier and had fewer cardio-metabolic conditions, such as heart disease and diabetes.
There have been some studies that suggest green space is better for your health, but few studies have analyzed the relationship between individual trees and health. So, the researchers decided to quantify just how much a tree on a street could improve health.
They collected the health records of 31,000 adult residents of Toronto, which included the residents' cardio-metabolic conditions, household income, years of education and their perception of their own health. Researchers combined this data with satellite imagery and public data on half a million trees in Toronto.
The study, published in Scientific Reports, found that planting 10 or more trees in a city block, on average, increased how someone rated their health and decreased cardio-metabolic conditions. These improvements in health were comparable to an “increase in annual income of $10,000, moving to a neighborhood with $10,000 higher median income or being 7 years younger,” according to the study.
Co-author Marc Berman told The Washington Post that after controlling for income, age and education, the study "found a significant independent effect of trees on the street on health".
Researchers chose Toronto to study as residents benefit from Canada's universal health care, so access to doctors shouldn't vary as much as places without universal health care, which reduces the health impact of trees. Though, universal health care doesn't remove all disparities as “Canadians with lower incomes and fewer years of schooling visit specialists at a lower rate than those with moderate or high incomes and higher levels of education,” the study explains.
While the results of the study found a correlation between trees and health, it cannot show cause and effect. Researchers were unable to pinpoint why trees seemed to improve health, but suggest it might have something to do with an improvement in air quality, relieving stress, or promoting physical activity. The study was also limited by the data it used. Although researchers controlled for a number of factors, someone's perception of their own health is subjective.
Researchers hope to test their current findings in a “more comprehensive manner that obviates the mentioned limitations.” For the time being, the study recommends that every block plants 10 more trees – about a 4% increase in street tree density – in Toronto, which they suggest is “logically feasible.”
My heart, my mind, my soul...
...you caress it like no other before.
---
I am a black gay woman in her mid-thirties, living and working in London, England.This blog is an exploration and celebration of the natural beauty and strength of the black woman in all her forms.None of the images belong to me. If you would like me to remove any of your images, please send me a message, and I will respectfully do so.If you would like me to take down your photo, please be aware that there are literally thousands of images on this blog. Please click on the photo you want removed, and look at the date it was posted, then send me a message, with the date(s) of the image, what you are wearing in the photo, and your hairstyle.I will the remove it immediately.Feel free to ask me a question.Peace.
NewPipe Lightweight YouTube frontend
New in version 0.15.1 ### Improvements
* Add app update notification for GitHub build (#1608 by @krtkush)
* Various improvements to the downloader (#1944 by @kapodamy):
* add missing white icons and use hardcored way for change the icon colors
* check if the iterator is initialized (fixes #2031)
* allow retry downloads with "post-processing failed" error in the new muxer
* new MPEG-4 muxer fixing non-synchronous video and audio streams (#2039)
### Fixed
* YouTube live streams stop playing after a short time ### Improvements* Add app update notification for GitHub build (#1608 by @krtkush)* Various improvements to the downloader (#1944 by @kapodamy):* add missing white icons and use hardcored way for change the icon colors* check if the iterator is initialized (fixes #2031)* allow retry downloads with "post-processing failed" error in the new muxer* new MPEG-4 muxer fixing non-synchronous video and audio streams (#2039)### Fixed* YouTube live streams stop playing after a short time
Lightweight YouTube frontend that's supposed to be used without the proprietary YouTube-API or any of Google's (proprietary) play-services. NewPipe only parses the YouTube website in order to gain the information it needs. Features:
Search videos
Display general information about a video
Watch YouTube videos
Listen to YouTube videos
Popup mode (floating player)
Select the streaming player to watch the video with
Download videos
Download audio only
Open a video in Kodi
Show Next/Related videos
Search YouTube in a specific language
Watch/Block age restricted material
Display general information about channels
Search channels
Watch videos from a channel
Orbot/Tor support (not yet directly)
1080p/2k/4k support
View history
Subscribe to channels
Search history
Search/Watch Playlists
Watch as queues Playlists
Queuing videos
Local playlists
Subtitles
Multi-service support (eg. SoundCloud)
This app has features you may not like NonFreeNet
Donate
1980 Presidential Election 1980 Election Results Candidate Party Electoral Votes Popular Votes ✓ Ronald Reagan Republican 489 43,901,812 Jimmy Carter (I) Democratic 49 35,483,820 John Anderson Independent 0 5,719,850 Ed Clark Libertarian 0 921,128 1984 >> << 1976 Source: Wikipedia Change History! Try out the Try out the 1980 interactive map The United States presidential election of 1980 featured a contest between incumbent Democrat Jimmy Carter and his Republican opponent, Ronald Reagan, as well as Republican Congressman John B. Anderson, who ran as an independent. Reagan, aided by the Iran hostage crisis and a worsening economy at home, won the election in a landslide. Carter, after defeating Ted Kennedy for the Democratic nomination, attacked Reagan as a dangerous right-wing radical. For his part, Reagan, the former Governor of California, repeatedly ridiculed Carter, and won a decisive victory; in the simultaneous Congressional elections, Republicans won control of the United States Senate for the first time in 28 years. This election marked the beginning of what is popularly called the "Reagan Revolution."
1 Royal College of Psychiatrists . Consensus Statement on High-Dose Antipsychotic Medication (CR190). Royal College of Psychiatrists , 2014 .
2 National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence . Psychosis and Schizophrenia in Adults: Treatment and Management (CG178). NICE , 2014 .
3 David , AS , Adams , C , Depot antipsychotic medication in the treatment of patients with schizophrenia: (1) Meta-review; (2) Patient and nurse attitudes . Health Technol Assess, 2001 ; 5 : 34 .
4 Taylor , PJ , Leese , M , Williams , D , Butwell , M , Daly , R , Larkin , E . Mental disorder and violence. A special (high security) hospital study . Br J Psychiatry 1998 ; 172 : 218–26.
5 Lelliot , P , Audini , B , Duffett , R . Survey of patients from an inner-London health authority in medium secure psychiatric care . Br J Psychiatry 2001 ; 178 : 62–6.
6 Paton , C , Lelliott , P , Harrington , M , Okacha , C , Sensky , T , Duffett , R . Patterns of antipsychotic and anticholinergic prescribing for hospital inpatients . J Psychopharmacol 2003 ; 17 : 223–9.
7 Office for National Statistics . Ethnicity and National Identity in England and Wales: 2011. ONS , 2012 .
8 Pereira , S , Dawson , P , Sarsam , M . The National Survey of PICU and Low Secure Services: 1. Patient characteristics . J Psychiatr Intens Care 2006 ; 2 : 7 – 12 .
9 Taylor , D , Paton , C , Kapur , S . Maudsley Prescribing Guidelines (11th edition). Wiley-Blackwell , 2012 .
10 Lloyd , K , Moodley , P . Psychotropic medication and ethnicity: an inpatient survey . Soc Psychiatry Psychiatr Epidemiol 1992 ; 27 : 95 – 101 .
11 Connolly , A , Taylor , D . Ethnicity and quality of antipsychotic prescribing among inpatients in South London . Br J Psychiatry 2008 ; 193 : 161–2.
12 Kane , JM , Kishimoto , T , Correll , CU . Assessing the comparative effectiveness of long-acting injectable vs. oral antipsychotic medications in the prevention of relapse provides a case study in comparative effectiveness research in psychiatry . J Clin Epidemiol 2013 ; 66 : S37 – 41 .
13 Hong , J , Novick , D , Brugnoli , R , Bertsch , J , Haro , JM . Changes in adherence and treatment costs following initiation of oral or depot typical antipsychotics among previously non-adherent patients with schizophrenia . Hum Psychopharm Clin 2013 ; 28 : 438–46.
14 Zhu , B , Ascher-Svanum , H , Shi , L , Faries , D , Montgomery , W , Marder , SR . Time to discontinuation of depot and oral first-generation antipsychotics in the usual care of schizophrenia . Psychiatr Serv 2008 ; 59 : 315–17.
15 Stone , DC , Niz , DO . Treatment considerations in the forensic patient with schizophrenia . Curr Pharm Design 2004 ; 10 : 2263–7.
16 Arango , C , Bombin , I , Gonzalez-Salvador , T , Garcia-Cabeza , I , Bobes , J . Randomised clinical trial comparing oral versus depot formulations of zuclopenthixol in patients with schizophrenia and previous violence . Eur Psychiat 2006 ; 21 : 34 – 40 .
17 Kirson , NY , Weiden , PJ , Yermakov , S , Huang , W , Samuelson , T , Offord , SJ , et al. Efficacy and effectiveness of depot versus oral antipsychotics in schizophrenia: synthesizing results across different research designs . J Clin Psychiat 2013 ; 74 : 568–75.
18 Lafeuille , M , Laliberté-Auger , F , Lefebvre , P , Frois , C , Fastenau , J , Duh , MS . Impact of atypical long-acting injectable versus oral antipsychotics on rehospitalization rates and emergency room visits among relapsed schizophrenia patients: a retrospective database analysis . BMC Psychiatry 2013 ; 13 : 221 .
19 Johnson , DAW . Observations on the use of long-acting depot neuroleptic injections in the maintenance treatment of schizophrenia . J Clin Psychiat 1984 ; 45 : 13 – 21 .
20 Leucht , C , Heres , S , Kane , JM , Kissling , W , Davis , JM , Leucht , S . Oral versus depot antipsychotic drugs for schizophrenia: a critical systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised long-term trials . Schizophr Res 2011 ; 127 : 83 – 92 .
21 Haddad , PM , Chaudhry , IB , Husain , N , McLaughlin , S , Cunningham , P , David , AS , et al. Psychiatrists' attitudes to antipsychotic depot injections (i): Preferences and choice . Eur Psychiatry 2008 ; 23 : 160–1.
22 Potkin , S , Bera , R , Zubek , D , Lau , G . Patient and prescriber perspectives on long-acting injectable (LAI) antipsychotics and analysis of in-office discussion regarding LAI treatment for schizophrenia . BMC Psychiatry 2013 ; 13 : 261 .
23 Caroli , F , Raymondet , P , Izard , I , Plas , J , Gall , B , Delgado , A , et al. Opinions of French patients with schizophrenia regarding injectable medication . Patient Prefer Adher 2011 ; 5 : 165–71.
Bill Cosby resigned Monday from Temple University's Board of Trustees, a position he has held since 1982.
Cosby's resignation came as trustees were prepared to meet and discuss his connections to the university and as alumni pressured Temple through a change.org petition to sever ties.
Twenty women have now accused Cosby of sexual assault, bringing his legacy and connections under intense scrutiny. The comedian has denied the allegations repeatedly and he has not been charged with any crime.
"I have always been proud of my association with Temple University," Cosby said in a brief statement to fellow trustees. "I have always wanted to do what would be in the best interests of the University and its students. As a result, I have tendered my resignation from temple University Board of Trustees."
Bill Cosby Resigns From Temple University Board of Trustees
Comedian Bill Cosby stepped down from his post as a Temple University trustee. Over the past few weeks, numerous women have come forward accusing Cosby of rape and sexual assault. (Published Monday, Dec. 1, 2014)
Board chairman and attorney Patrick J. O'Connor said in an email to Cosby and other board members that the board had accepted Cosby's resignation and thanked him for his service.
He called Cosby's decision to resign a "noble thing" and referred to the comedian a "beacon of light" for the university during a phone call with NBC10's George Spencer.
[Cosby] "did the right thing for his love of this school," said O'Connor.
Connor had defended Cosby in a civil suit filed by a former Temple basketball employee who accused Cosby of molesting her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion a year earlier. Cosby and the woman settled the lawsuit. More than a dozen other women have come forward since the lawsuit was filed to make similar claims, including several who have gone public this month.
Cosby is arguably Temple's most famous alum.
After flunking out of Philadelphia's Central High School and getting his GED in the Navy, Cosby was given an athletic scholarship to Temple. In August, when the school honored him for his writing skills, it memorialized an essay Cosby wrote about Temple's impact on his life and in particular, how he felt during his freshman year when an English teacher selected his paper to read to the class.
"This experience lifted me. It showed me that I had something to say, and that I could make a connection with people," Cosby said.
The 77-year-old entertainer has helped raise millions of dollars for the school. His most recent fund raising effort is with a campaign to raise $100 million to help make college more affordable.
Image copyright Getty Images
Formula 1 is gearing up for a new addition to its calendar that would be perhaps the glitziest race in the 66-year history of the sport - a Grand Prix on the streets of Las Vegas.
This weekend F1's attention is focused on the Canadian Grand Prix at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, but behind the scenes a race of a different kind is taking place.
Plans for a Grand Prix in Las Vegas have hit top gear, as organisers have revealed that a Chinese conglomerate has agreed to commit the £100m needed for the race to get the green light.
They add that Las Vegas could appear on the calendar as soon as next year, giving F1 a record 22 Grands Prix.
The showpiece event would rival even F1's flagship, the Monaco Grand Prix, as it would see cars hurtling down the world-famous Strip, past landmark casinos like the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A Las Vegas race would take in the view of casinos like the Bellagio
A race on the streets of Las Vegas is a long-time dream of F1's chief executive Bernie Ecclestone, but it has failed to get the green light so far as local organisers struggled to secure funding.
In March Ecclestone joked that the race contract hadn't been signed as "the trouble is the pen. The organiser hasn't got a pen."
However, American entrepreneur Farid Shidfar, founder of organising group P2M Motorsports, says this is no longer a roadblock as he has an "agreement in principle" with a Beijing-based conglomerate.
"They are very close to Las Vegas and have got businesses in media, sport, technology and entertainment, so they are a massive conglomerate.
"They came to us out of the blue late last year, because of the initiatives they are involved with in the state of Nevada, and we have been in due diligence since then. The benefits they will derive are very strategic so that's why they are very excited about it."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Organisers say they have designed a racetrack that is partly on the Las Vegas Strip
It is the latest in an accelerating number of Chinese investments in overseas sports. Investors from China already have minority stakes in several football clubs including Manchester City, Atletico Madrid and New York City FC, while Chinese electronics retailer Suning announced on Monday that it had bought a 68.55% stake in Inter Milan.
F1's previous race in Las Vegas was a nail-biter in 1982 that handed the title to Keke Rosberg, father of current championship leader Nico.
Image copyright Getty Images
1982 Las Vegas Grand Prix: Rosberg takes the title
Keke Rosberg needed to finish in the points (which were then awarded to the top six finishers) to claim his first championship. His closest competitor, McLaren's John Watson, needed to win the race and his rival to finish out of the points in order to take home the title.
Watson was known for his incredible starts and accelerated into third place from ninth on the grid. To win he needed to pass the Tyrrell of Michele Alboreto and former champion Alain Prost, who was hampered by tyre vibrations.
Alboreto and Watson passed the Frenchman on laps 51 and 54 respectively, of the 75-lap race.
Unfortunately for Watson, he could not overtake Alboreto and his second place finish handed the championship victory to Rosberg, who finished the race fifth.
Despite being a thrilling climax to the season, the race failed to get support from within F1 due to the makeshift nature of the course, which was in the Caesar's Palace car park. The sport won't repeat this mistake.
"We have successfully designed a racetrack which is partly on the Las Vegas Strip and does not impact any resort," says Peter Wahl, managing partner of F1's track designers Tilke.
"The track definitely has its own character and shall provide drivers high-speed challenges with different sharp corners. Best part, the track is designed to host large numbers of spectators, and I can't wait to see the first car fire up. I believe the Vegas race will become one of the highlights of the F1 calendar."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Could Nico Rosberg soon be taking his rivalry with Lewis Hamilton on to the streets of Las Vegas, the scene of his father's championship winning race?
P2 Motorsports co-founder Russell Dixon says "the race will cost investors nearly $150m (£103m) including hosting fees".
Farid Shidfar adds he is still fielding calls from other interested parties. However, he says that the state needs to boost its efforts in order to get the race off the grid.
"The key party in terms of making this happen is the state. It's not the investor. The investor is happy to proceed so long as there is some formality about the contribution from the state."
It is important as the only revenue that organisers receive from F1 races tends to come from ticket sales. Revenue from television broadcasts, trackside advertising and corporate hospitality during the race is generally retained by F1 itself, which also receives the hosting fees.
Ticket sales cover the running costs of a Grand Prix while governments foot the hosting fees as the races promote their countries to F1's 400 million television viewers and typically generate annual economic impact of about £200m.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Monaco Grand Prix currently has the reputation for the most glitz and glamour
Funding usually comes from central government, but in some countries, such as Canada, the contribution comes from local authorities. The same is true in the US where the state of Texas pays around £14.5m annually to organisers of a Grand Prix in the capital of Austin, which is currently the only F1 race in the country.
According to Shidfar, "the [Nevada] government is showing interest in putting money in," as F1 would also help to reverse declining gaming revenues in Las Vegas.
Last year Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval commissioned a study for economic diversification in the state that recommended a F1 race as it would attract a high number of international visitors. Sandoval has also written to Ecclestone to offer "support and interest in bringing Formula One Grand Prix to the world famous Las Vegas Strip".
Shidfar says "the resort community has shown interest in helping subsidise this" as it would boost their bookings and gambling takings. He adds that at a meeting of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority in 2014, "every major resort unanimously voted in favour of carrying out F1 racing on the Strip."
They may soon get their wish as he adds: "There has been discussions of 2018, but it could be as early as 2017. We need roughly 14 months to prepare for this race."
The Bitcoin Fund which is traded exclusively on the EXANTE fund platform and was launched in late 2012 is the best performing hedge fund year to date (2013) with a return of 4847% (Source: Bloomberg). The Bitcoin Fund has now secured its place in financial history as never before such an exceptional result has been achieved by a fund of its kind.
The Bitcoin Fund gives institutions and high-net worth individuals, easy, secure rapid and real-time access to the vibrant bitcoin market with a unique licensed product. Since the bitcoin virtual currency was first launched in 2009 and achieved its initial success, institutional investors and hedge fund managers have secretly sought a regulated investment vehicle for bitcoin placements.
EXANTE provided this solution by giving simple access to the Bitcoin Fund. The Bitcoin Fund's assets under management currently total over $35 million. In addition the Fund charges no performance-based fee. It does charge an annual management fee 1.75%, as well as a 0.5% transaction fee. The Fund according to EXANTE does not use leverage or derivatives for risk management and there is no discretionary management, one Fund shares is strictly equal to the value of one bitcoin, which are bought and sold as investors buy and sell Bitcoin Fund shares. EXANTE provides a vibrant secondary market for the trading of Fund shares and through those shares, to bitcoins. Security is paramount and time-proven cryptographic algorithms are used to secure all stored funds against unauthorized access. EXANTE is regulated by the Malta Financial Authority As of 18 Nov 2013 the value per unit of the Bitcoin Fund was: 658.000 USD per unit.
www.financemalta.org (Source: Bloomberg)
Abstract
The kinetics of oxiracetam after single intravenous and oral doses (2000 mg) were investigated in four healthy volunteers. Following intravenous administration, the decline in serum levels showed a prolonged, rapid phase followed by a delayed terminal phase. Mean residence times ranged from 3.9 to 6.5 h. Volumes of distribution ranged from 0.9 to 1.81 X kg-1, whereas clearance values ranged from 100 to 119 ml X h-1 X kg-1 More than 90% of the intravenous dose was recovered unchanged in the urine within 48 h. Oral administration resulted in peak levels within 1-2 h; thereafter, the decline in serum levels showed a pattern similar to that observed after the intravenous dose--almost 50% of the oral dose was excreted in the urine within 6 h. The absolute availability of oral oxiracetam was 75 +/- 7%.
The Pirate Bay has slowly but steadily returned to its former glory. After more than three years, the deviant torrent site has regained a spot among the 100 most-visited sites on the Internet. While many of the site's users may cheer at the news, there's also a dark side to the recent resurgence.
When the The Pirate Bay suffered over a month of downtime late 2014, many of the site's regular visitors went elsewhere.
This resulted in a significant traffic dip afterwards, but in recent months the notorious torrent site has seen a massive uptick in visitors.
At the beginning of the year TPB was already the largest torrent site. Today, Internet traffic ranking service Alexa lists the site among the 100 most-visited domains in the world once again, in 99th place. That's the first time in three years.
While external traffic measurements are far from perfect, the graph below shows a steady increase in ranking since last summer. Exactly how many visitors The Pirate Bay has remains unknown, but SimilarWeb estimates it at a quarter billion ‘visits' per month.
Keep in mind that the estimates above don't account for the dozens of Pirate Bay proxies that serve users in countries where the site is blocked. That will likely add several millions of monthly visitors, at least.
Whether Pirate Bay's recent resurgence is something torrent users should be happy about is another question. The recent uptick in traffic is mostly caused by the demise of other torrent sites.
Last summer both KickassTorrents and Torrentz left the scene, and ExtraTorrent followed a few weeks ago. Many of these users have flocked to The Pirate Bay, which is the prime source for user uploaded torrents.
That the Pirate Bay is still around is somewhat of an achievement in itself. Over the years there have been numerous attempts to shut the site down.
It started in 2006, when Swedish authorities raided the site following pressure from the United States, only for the site to come back stronger. The criminal convictions of the site's founders didn't kill the site either, nor did any of the subsequent attempts to take it offline.
While many pirates have fallen in love with TPB's deviant behavior, the recent downfall of other sites means that there's a lot of pressure and responsibility on the shoulders of the site now. Many other indexers rely on TPB for their content, which is something not everyone realizes.
For now, however, TPB continues its reign.
YUMA, Ariz. (NASA PR) — Engineers testing the parachute system for NASA's Orion spacecraft increased the complexity of their tests Thursday, Jan. 16, adding the jettison of hardware designed to keep the capsule safe during flight.
The test was the first to give engineers in-air data on the performance of the system that jettisons Orion's forward bay cover. The cover is a shell that fits over Orion's crew module to protect the spacecraft during launch, orbital flight and re-entry into Earth's atmosphere. When Orion returns from space, the cover must come off before the spacecraft's parachutes can deploy. It must be jettisoned high above the ground in order for the parachutes to unfurl.
“This was a tough one,” said Mark Geyer, Orion program manager. “We'd done our homework, of course, but there were elements here that could only be tested in the air, with the entire system working together. It's one of the most complicated tests that we'll do, so we were all excited to see it work just as it was meant to.”
Previous parachute tests at the U.S. Army's Yuma Proving Grounds in Arizona tested the performance of the parachutes in various conditions without a forward bay cover. Adding the cover and its jettison, along with the deployment of three additional parachutes to pull the cover away from the crew module and lower it to the ground, added a level of complexity to the testing.
“The parachute deployment and forward bay cover jettisons are two of the most difficult things for us to model on computers,” said Chris Johnson, project manager for the parachutes. “That's why we test them so extensively. These systems have to work for Orion to make it safely to the ground, and every bit of data we can gather in tests like these helps us improve our models and gives us more confidence that when we do it for real, we can count on them.”
The forward bay cover is jettisoned using a thruster separation system built by Systima Technologies Inc. of Bothell, Wash. Lockheed Martin, prime contractor for Orion, tested the system for the first time on the ground in December. Two more ground tests will simulate different types of stresses on the cover, such as a potential parachute failure or loads on the spacecraft. NASA also plans a second airborne test with the forward bay cover to evaluate its performance with a failed parachute.
Orion will be put to its first test in space during its first mission, Exploration Flight Test-1(EFT-1), in September. EFT-1 will have an uncrewed Orion launch to an orbit 3,600 miles above Earth, well beyond the distance traveled by spacecraft built for humans in more than 40 years. After circling Earth twice, Orion will re-enter the atmosphere at speeds as fast as 20,000 mph before the parachute system slows it down for a splashdown in the Pacific Ocean.
For information about Orion and EFT-1, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/orion
Story highlights Google's Project Wing has flown more than 30 test flights with drones
The company is experimenting using drones to deliver goods like first aid kits
The project is part of its secretive Google[x] lab
Any potential drone delivery service is still years away for the company
Google is the latest company to branch out into delivery by drone, it revealed Thursday. The technology giant started running its first test flights earlier this month as part of Project Wing , a secretive, 2-year-old program exploring drone delivery.
A team of Google engineers and experts on unmanned aerial vehicles, called UAVs, safely carried out more than 30 test flights this month, transporting an assortment of goods including chocolate bars, a water bottle, radios, a first aid kit, dog treats and a cattle vaccine one kilometer. It conducted the tests on a farm in Queensland, Australia, to avoid the FAA's strict guidelines that limit the use of UAVs in the United States.
Google developed its own prototype hybrid drone with fixed wings and four rotors for the tests. It is 1.5 meters wide and can soar as high as 60 meters, far enough up to dodge houses and trees.
Drones have the potential to revolutionize how goods are transported. In typical Google fashion, the company is presenting Project Wing as a way to make the world better, rather than as a tool to boost its bottom line; an early goal of the program was to deliver defibrillators to heart attack victims.
Now Google imagines using the vehicles to deliver medicine and help the environment. UAVs can rise above traffic congestion, make a beeline for remote locations where roads are shoddy or nonexistent, and potentially cut down on pollution by replacing cars or trucks. In emergencies where regular routes are blocked, a drone could quickly ferry water and medicine to people in need.
Google's Project Wing prototype testing delivery by drone on a farm in Australia.
The Atlantic's Alexis Madrigal got an inside look at the previously undisclosed program, which was headed by MIT roboticist Nick Roy and Google[x] lab director Astro Teller.
"What excited us from the beginning was that if the right thing could find anybody just in the moment that they need it, the world might be a radically better place," Teller told Madrigal.
Actual drone delivery, at least by Google, is still years off. The project's next goal is to determine if delivery by UAV is even viable. Then it will focus on safety features to handle potential problems like midair collisions and crashes. It also wants to reduce the noise made by its drones and fine tune navigation features to address issues like privacy.
Project Wing is part of Google[x], the company's lab dedicated to making big technical leaps, like Google Glass and self-driving cars. The department is led by Google co-founder Sergey Brin.
They have battled three times for Olympic gold, racing across the ice as part of women's hockey's most heated rivalry.
On Monday, the former rivals – who have captained national hockey teams for Canada and the US – announced the birth of their daughter.
Liv Chu-Ouellette, seven pounds and three ounces, was born earlier this month to parents Caroline Ouellette, the captain of Canada's team at the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi and, Julie Chu, who led the American team from 2011 to 2013.
“I feel truly blessed to experience this incredible adventure with my love and best friend Julie,” Ouellette wrote on Instagram. “Cheers to the sleepless nights to come!”
The couple – who last season were team-mates on Les Canadiennes de Montréal in the Canadian Women's Hockey League – first battled for Olympic gold in 2002, stepping on to the ice in the same jersey number: 13.
The US women's hockey team gave their employers the whipping of their lives Read more
The Canadians won gold in those games. Chu and Ouellette again faced off for Olympic gold in 2010 and 2014, with the Canadians winning both times.
The decades-long rivalry continued between Olympic games, with Chu and Ouellette playing against each other for more than half a dozen world championship titles. In the 2007-2008 season, the pair worked together as assistant coaches for the University of Minnesota Duluth women's hockey team.
On Monday, Ouellette and Chu – who between them have eight Olympic medals – described their daughter as their most incredible blessing to date. “We have already been blessed with so many things in our life: Amazing friends and family, Love, Representing our countries, and doing things we are passionate about each day,” Chu wrote on Instagram.
Their posts sparked an outpouring of reaction online. “What Julie Chu and Caroline Ouellette have proved is that you too can live the life of an inspirational sports movie with a compelling relationship arc,” wrote one person on Twitter. Another remarked: “I can't believe Julie Chu and Caroline Ouellette just ended the USA-Canada rivalry forever.”
DURHAM, N.C., June 13 (UPI) -- U.S. researchers said they found a way to calm the fears of anxious mice with a drug that alters their brain chemistry.
Ahmad Hariri, a neurobiologist at the Duke University's Institute for Genome Sciences & Policy, and colleagues at the National Institutes of Health found human genetic differences related to the same brain chemistry influence how well people cope with fear and stress.
"What is most compelling is our ability to translate first from mice to human neurobiology and then all the way out to human behavior," Hariri said in a statement. "That kind of translation is going to define the future of psychiatry and neuroscience."
The common thread of their research is a gene encoding an enzyme called fatty acid amide hydrolase, which breaks down a natural endocannabinoid chemical in the brain that acts in essentially the same way as marijuana -- hence the name endocannabinoid.
In the new study, Andrew Holmes' group at the National Institute on Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse tested the effects of a drug that blocks fatty acid amide hydrolase activity in fear-prone mice that had also been trained to be fearful through experiences in which they were delivered foot shocks. The drug allowed a faster recovery from fear thanks to higher brain endocannabinoid levels.
Hariri showed human study participants a series of pictures depicting threatening faces, while their brains were being scanned. People with the fatty acid amide hydrolase gene associated with lower enzyme function and higher endocannabinoid levels showed a greater decrease in activity suggesting those individuals may be better able to control and regulate their fear response, Hariri said.
The findings were published in Molecular Psychiatry.
RELATED Medical marijuana seminars selling out
RELATED Bloomberg supports fewer marjiuana arrests
When Alpha Coal entered bankruptcy court in August 2015, Deputy Campbell County Attorney Carol Seeger's thoughts went to the $19 million in mineral property taxes she knew the coal giant owed her county.
“That's a lot of money,” she said. She realized the county would need legal representation in the out-of-state proceedings.
As Alpha went into bankruptcy court, Seeger knew the company could seek to write off the large sum owed to Campbell County. To protect its interests, the county hired an attorney in West Virginia, where the bankruptcy proceedings were occurring.
“They had borrowed a lot of money,” she said, “and so there were these huge creditors out there.”
Soon enough, she got the notice she had been worried about — Alpha was contemplating selling its assets “free and clear” of the county's tax lien.
Her office needed to make sure powerful creditors didn't duck the taxes owed Campbell County while selling off the assets needed to repay their loans, Seeger said.
The county's vulnerability sprung at least in part from a loophole in Wyoming law that puts private creditors' ahead of counties seeking unpaid property taxes.
Campbell County lawmakers Rep. Erik Barlow, and Sen. Ogden Driskill want to close the loophole and help prevent counties losing property taxes to the maneuvering of mineral companies. They sponsored HB242 to do so.
The bill passed the House 54-6 but is stuck in the Senate, where President Eli Bebout says he opposes it. The measure also faces strong opposition from Wyoming bankers.
If the bill dies, as similar efforts have in the past, mineral-producing Wyoming counties will continue to risk losing property taxes that mostly go to schools. Campbell County has engaged in court proceedings on various occasions to try and collect on the mineral industry.
When it emerged from bankruptcy, Alpha Coal split into two companies. Offshoot Contura Energy purchased Wyoming mines formerly operated by Alpha. Contura did indeed try to acquire them free of the county's tax lien, Seeger said.
Campbell County's representative in bankruptcy court secured an agreement that Contura would pay the tax debt in annual installments over five years. “Whether or not we'll get the money I don't know,” Seeger said.
Campbell County Commissioner Mark Christensen believes that mineral companies and their lenders should operate under the same rules that apply to other businesses and individuals. When someone sells a house, either the seller or the buyer will have to pay any outstanding property taxes. If a person takes out a bank loan to buy a house, then goes bankrupt, property taxes owed on the house would take priority to any claims from the bank trying to recoup its loan.
“If you buy a building that the person hasn't paid the taxes on, you know that the taxes need to be paid,” Christensen said.
With mineral companies, the tax lien does not have priority over the bank loan. If a company defaults on a loan and goes bankrupt, the bank takes what it's owed first. If there's enough left after the bank is paid, then the county gets its tax money. If not, the tax lien effectively is wiped out.
Thus far, the loophole for mineral production has not cost the state a huge sum of money like that potentially risked by Alpha Coal's bankruptcy, Christensen said. Nor does Seeger think that HB242's passage would make mineral-producing counties' claim on property taxes ironclad. But she does think it would help.
“The bigger issue is [that] the potential is there to lose very, very large dollar amounts,” she said.
Mineral property tax revenues go first to the county in which they are collected. Three-fourths of the total goes to schools, Seeger said. Under Wyoming's tax distribution system, the tax collections benefit more than just the county of origin, and are spread throughout the state. While local governments in mineral producing counties collect the taxes, the benefit is spread throughout Wyoming's struggling school system.
If the stalled bill does not get through a committee and come up for consideration by the full Senate by Feb. 24, it will die. The Senate will not convene until 2 p.m. today, leaving only three days to meet that deadline.
It may not matter. Bebout, an oil and gas operator, said he opposes the bill and probably won't assign it to a committee.
While HB242 isn't a perfect fix, Seeger said, it will make it harder for companies to dodge their tax responsibilities.
“It is a tool in the tool chest,” she said. “Not only to help me, but it would be a defense against a company having yet another tool in their toolbox to try and transfer property without paying their taxes.”
Of the six House members who voted against the bill, several share backgrounds in business and banking. Representatives Dan Furphy (R, HD-14, Laramie) and Mark Kinner (R, HD-29, Sheridan) are both retired bankers. Rep. Joe MacGuire (R, HD-35, Casper) works as a business broker, buying and selling companies. Other no votes came from Rep. Jim Blackburn (R, HD-42, Cheyenne) retired from the real estate industry, Rep. Debbie Bovee (D, HD-36, Casper) is a retired school teacher, and Rep. Chuck Gray (R, HD-57, Casper), who works in the radio business.
Sen. Ogden Driskill (R, SD-1, Devils Tower) described the bill as “widely hated” by both bankers and oil-and-gas operators. If passed, “it'll change the way that they secure oil wells and oil business, there's no doubt,” he said.
“The real losers in this are schools,” Rep. Eric Barlow (R, HD-3, Gillette) said. He wants to see the loophole closed so oil-and-gas companies can't fail and then walk away from their debts to the state. “There are folks who don't want [the bill] heard,” he said, and he plans to speak with Bebout to understand his opposition.
Bankers oppose legislation
Bankers do not support the bill because it would make lending more difficult and change the nature of existing loans, said Michael Geesey with the Wyoming Bankers Association. Changing the statute would devalue the collateral a bank has on a loan, he said, since banks generally recoup their loans by selling off the assets of a mineral company if it defaults. If the bill passes, the property taxes would come off the top, leaving potentially less money for the banks to collect.
It's difficult for banks to see if a mineral company owes taxes when considering them for a loan, he said.
The problem, Geesey said, is that unlike mineral severance taxes, which are paid monthly when the coal, oil or gas is removed from the ground, “ad valorem” mineral property taxes are calculated based on production over the course of the year, and paid once annually. Ad valorem taxes are based on the assessed value of the minerals in a company's holdings.
Responsible companies put money away as they go, but less responsible ones let the ad valorem tax debt build up, Geesey said.
Until the county files a lien on the ad valorem taxes, the bank considering a loan is not aware of the debt, Geesey said.
Both Christensen and Seeger disagreed. “Go on Campbell County's website right now,” Christensen said. “Type a company name in the property search and you can see anyone who owes money.”
Taxes owed are public record, Seeger said. If a bank makes a loan without checking to see whether the borrower owes taxes, the bank hasn't done its due diligence. “All you have to do is pick up the phone and call the Campbell County Treasurer's Office,” she said.
Geesey said HB242 passed the House easily because lawmakers were swayed by arguments of lost revenue to schools. Many members weren't aware of what he called the unintended consequences for oil-and-gas producers, he said. Such a bill wouldn't affect big operators, he said, despite the difficulties Campbell County had with Alpha Coal. Instead, it would affect smaller companies that need bank loans to expand.
Given the state's revenue situation, the move could wind up being counterproductive, Geesey said. If the bill passes, there will be fewer loans and Wyoming will see both production and taxes decline.
“If I loan money to someone and they put in 10 pump jacks, guess what happens to your taxes,” he said.
Bebout agrees with the bankers' arguments. As a result, he said he's “probably not” going to assign the bill to a committee. Those concerned about the tax loophole should bring a better bill, he said.
The bill makes it too difficult for oil and gas companies to get loans, all to deal with “an isolated situation in Campbell County,” he said.
Lawsuits show the danger
In 2013, several oil-and-gas operators sued Campbell, Crook and Converse counties over tax liens. An oil-and-gas operator called Wildfire Partners, which owed roughly $340,000 to the counties, according to Christensen, defaulted on a loan from TriPower Resources. TriPower then assumed control of Wildfire.
When the counties tried to collect on the taxes Wildfire owed, TriPower sued. In Campbell County District Court, TriPower successfully argued that it had not inherited Wildfire's tax debts when it took over the company. It's interested in the company through the defaulted loan trumped the counties' tax liens, the court ruled.
The counties appealed to the Wyoming Supreme Court, but before the case was heard TriPower paid the tax debt. Christensen said the company did so because it was trying to sell Wildfire's properties to a third owner, and wanted to eliminate the legal uncertainty.
Along with the TriPower incident, Seeger named two other tax disputes that have stuck in her memory. An oil and gas operator called High Energy owed $146,000 to Campbell County, but a bank collecting on a loan when the company defaulted successfully argued it didn't have to pay the tax, she said.
Then there was Storm Cat Energy Corp, which filed for bankruptcy in 2008. That company owed approximately $7.5 million in ad valorem taxes, Seeger said. When the company emerged from bankruptcy, its reorganization plan included an agreement that it would pay taxes to Campbell County in five years, once it had gotten its feet back under it by engaging in the coal bed methane boom. But the company ended up back in bankruptcy court, having paid roughly $1 million of its accumulated tax debt.
Seeger doesn't know what will happen with Storm Cat now. The bankruptcy proceedings are ongoing in Colorado, where Campbell County has hired a lawyer, just as it did in the Alpha Coal bankruptcy. Like Alpha Coal, Seeger said Storm Cat wants to sell its assets “free and clear of liens and encumbrances,” which includes the millions still owed Campbell County.
“I don't think people appreciate how hard it is to collect ad valorem taxes from oil and gas companies if they choose not to pay it,” she said.
Many say ad valorem should be paid like severance taxes
One fix would be changing laws to collect ad valorem taxes similarly to mineral severance taxes. Both Geesey and Bebout said they would be amenable to that solution. Geesey said it would make it easier for both banks and counties to avoid a mess when a mineral company goes bankrupt.
Collecting mineral severance taxes isn't a huge problem for the state, said Craig Grenvik, administrator of the Mineral Tax Division at the Wyoming Department of Revenue. The mineral severance tax is imposed by the state and assessed when a mineral is severed from the earth and sold.
Mineral severance taxes are collected on a monthly basis, Grenvik said, which means there is less money at risk for the state when a company fails. That's not to say it doesn't happen. Grenvik estimates the state has failed to collect $1.9 million in severance taxes since 2012, usually when a company goes under from one month to the next. It's not a meaningless number, but when compared to the roughly $3.2 billion Grenvik said was collected during that same period it's not a significant portion.
“That delay [in collecting ad valorem taxes] really has cost the counties quite a bit of money,” he said.
It would not be difficult for the state and counties to collect ad valorem taxes monthly, like severance taxes; “It's a matter of ironing out the administration of it,” Grenvik said.
A bill in the 2016 budget session would have made just that change, requiring ad valorem taxes due monthly, the same as a severance tax. The bill was crafted over the course of two years by the mineral tax force, put together by Gov. Matt Mead. The group was a coalition that included representatives from the mineral extraction industries, along with lawmakers, county government representatives and Cheyenne attorney Larry Wolfe.
At first, Seeger said there was widespread support for the bill, but at the end, the coalition dissolved. Coal companies said they pay their taxes on time, and shouldn't be included. This occurred, of course, before Alpha Coal failed.
Seeger said that generally Campbell County does have an easier time collecting ad valorem taxes from the coal industry, as assets are concentrated in four big companies and the ownership does not shuffle the way it does in the oil-and-gas business.
Peabody and Arch Coal, both of which also went into bankruptcy over the last several years, have paid the ad valorem taxes they owed, she said.
After coal dropped its support of the 2016 legislation, other mineral industries followed. “Then trona said ‘well we want out,'” Seeger said, “then oil and gas said ‘well why should we be in?'”
The bill was introduced to the House during the 2016 budget session, but was eventually withdrawn by the Revenue Committee.
The Legislature eventually must decide whether the state should forgive tax debt, and if so, to whom and under what circumstances, Seeger said. As long as loopholes exist, companies will seek to use them, she said.
“If the average Joe has to pay their taxes on their mobile home then I don't know why in the world we're carving an exception out for mineral companies.”
"Some people continue to defend trickle-down theories which assume that economic growth, encouraged by a free market, will inevitably succeed in bringing about greater justice and inclusiveness in the world," Francis said in a document describing his papal mission statement. "This opinion, which has never been confirmed by the facts, expresses a crude and naïve trust in the goodness of those wielding economic power...Meanwhile, the excluded are still waiting." EPA/CLAUDIO PERI
"Some people continue to defend trickle-down theories which assume that economic growth, encouraged by a free market, will inevitably succeed in bringing about greater justice and inclusiveness in the world," Francis said in a document describing his papal mission statement. "This opinion, which has never been confirmed by the facts, expresses a crude and naïve trust in the goodness of those wielding economic power...Meanwhile, the excluded are still waiting." EPA/CLAUDIO PERI/EPA
The quotable pontiff's style is made for the Twitter age. Here are some of his most widely shared quotes, from ‘Who am I to judge?' to ‘even the atheists' are redeemed.
The quotable pontiff's style is made for the Twitter age. Here are some of his most widely shared quotes, from ‘Who am I to judge?' to ‘even the atheists' are redeemed.
The quotable pontiff's style is made for the Twitter age. Here are some of his most widely shared quotes, from ‘Who am I to judge?' to ‘even the atheists' are redeemed.
Pope Francis cranked up his charm offensive on the world outside the Vatican on Tuesday, saying in the second widely shared media interview in two weeks that each person “must choose to follow the good and fight evil as he conceives them” and calling efforts to convert people to Christianity “solemn nonsense.”
The Vatican's head seemed intent on distancing himself from its power, saying church leaders “have often been narcissists” and “clericalism should not have anything to do with Christianity.”
The interview with atheist Italian journalist Eugenio Scalfari set off another round of debate about what the pope meant: Was he saying that people can make up their own minds, even if they disagree with church teachings? Or was this self-described “son of the church” just using casual language to describe classic church teaching about how people need to come to Catholic doctrine of their free will?
A top official with the Southern Baptist Convention, the largest Protestant denomination in the United States, took the unprecedented step of rebuking Francis, writing that the pope's interview was “a theological wreck” and that Francis was dabbling dangerously in relativism.
“What these interviews seem continually to do is what evangelical theologian Carl Henry warned Protestants of in the 20th century, of severing the love of God from the holiness of God,” wrote the Rev. Russell Moore, a past dean of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary and head of the convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission. “We must speak with tenderness and gentleness, but with an authoritative word from God.”
Some conservative Catholics were also taken aback by the interview.
“My e-mail is filled with notes from people who need to be talked off the ledge,” wrote the Rev. John Zuhlsdorf, author of one of the more popular blogs for Catholic conservatives.
In what is quickly becoming classic Pope Francis, the backstory of the interview was dramatically simple. The leader of the largest church in the world apparently picked up the phone and called Scalfari, founder of La Repubblica, who had requested an interview.
“Why so surprised?” the pope asked Scalfari (after being patched through by a shaky secretary at the newspaper). “You wrote me a letter asking to meet me in person. I had the same wish, so I'm calling to fix an appointment. Let me look at my diary: I can't do Wednesday, nor Monday; would Tuesday suit you?”
After they set the time, Scalfari said he wasn't sure how to end the call and asked for an embrace by phone. “Of course, a hug from me too,” the pope told him. “Then we will do it in person, goodbye.”
The interview was wide-ranging, including the pope's story of a Communist friend he had as a young man (who was later tortured and killed by the Argentine military), a few movie recommendations as well as a mystical experience he had the night he was picked to be pope.
“My head was completely empty and I was seized by a great anxiety. To make it go away and relax I closed my eyes and made every thought disappear, even the thought of refusing to accept the position, as the liturgical procedure allows,” he said. “I closed my eyes and I no longer had any anxiety or emotion. At a certain point I was filled with a great light.”
But the parts of the interview that will be pored over are theological — the uncomplicated, unqualified language Francis uses to speak about faith. In this interview, as in the one two weeks ago by a group of Jesuit publications, connection to God doesn't seem to depend on church hierarchy.
Asked if there is a single vision of good, and who decides, Francis says:
“Each of us has a vision of good and of evil. We have to encourage people to move towards what they think is good . . . Everyone has his own idea of good and evil and must choose to follow the good and fight evil as he conceives them. That would be enough to make the world a better place.”
Asked if he feels touched by grace, Francis tells the atheist reporter that the holy quality “is the amount of light in our souls, not knowledge nor reason. Even you, without knowing it, could be touched by grace.”
Chris Ruddy, a theologian at Catholic University, noted that Pope Benedict XVI had co-
authored a book with an atheist that said that “seekers and believers . . . must move towards one another,” but that Francis had clearly taken the concept of engagement to a new level. Catholic teaching, he noted, calls for people to follow their own consciences — but is referring to “formed” consciences steeped with education and prayer in proper doctrine.
“What the pope said can be taken a bunch of different ways. And it can certainly be taken in a relativistic way. And I imagine it will be received that way by some people,” Ruddy said. “But I don't see the pope saying: ‘You have your idea, I have mine and it's all good.' I see him saying: ‘We have to respect persons and their search for truth.' ”
Here is another in our a series of articles, offering tips and tricks for both beginners and experienced users, courtesy of How to window Phone.
Windows phone also provides personalized suggestions on apps, deals, restaurants, shopping etc. It uses the data collected from search and Facebook if you have enabled the option to. Always remember that Windows phone never posts anything in your wall or your friend's while using this feature.
To activate:
Navigate to settings.
Swipe right to applications.
Tap on “Search”.
Turn on the suggestions.
Connect to Facebook in the same page and you are done.
Now lets see where do you get the suggestions.
Local Deals, Movies, Restaurants etc (This feature is not available for all the regions)
Press the search button.
Swipe right or left on the bing screen and you will see the movies and local deals. (These are not personalized).
Navigate back to search screen.
Press scout.
Swipe left or right to see restaurants, popular places.
There will be a tab named “for you” where you will find the local things based on your and your friends' Facebook posts.
Apps and Games
Navigate to store.
Tap on apps.
Swipe right to see the tiled categories and at the bottom you will find a tile “Picks for you”.
Tap the tile to get the suggestions for you.
Similarly in the store you can tap games to see the game picks for you.
Do remember that this suggestion works on Artificial intelligence so the more you talk about the games, apps, food etc in Facebook or Bing, the better will be your results.
See many more tips at of How to window Phone.
Mathematical Experiments The first chapter introduces the basics of one-dimensional iterated maps. Take a function y = ƒ(x). Substitute some number into it. Take the answer and run it through the function again. Keep doing this forever. This is called iteration. The numbers generated exhibit three types of behavior: steady-state, periodic, and chaotic. In the 1970s, a whole new branch of mathematics arose from the simple experiments described in this chapter. Iteration Bifurcation Universality
Strange & Complex The second chapter extends the idea of an iterated map into two dimensions, three dimensions, and complex numbers. This leads to the creation of mathematical monsters called fractals. A fractal is a geometric pattern exhibiting an infinite level of repeating, self-similar detail that can't be described with classical geometry. They are quite interesting to look at and have captured a lot of attention. This chapter describes the methods for constructing some of them. Strange Attractors Julia Sets Mandelbrot Sets
About Dimension The third chapter deals with some of the definitions and applications of the word dimension. A fractal is an object with a fractional dimension. Well, not exactly, but close enough for now. What does this mean? The answer lies in the many definitions of dimension. Euclidean Dimension Topological Dimension Fractal Dimension
Today, I'm happy to announce a new project, RemoteDebug iOS WebKit Adapter , which enables Safari and WebViews on iOS to be debugged from tools like VS Code , Chrome DevTools and Firefox debugger.html on both Windows and Mac.
The protocol adapter is implemented in TypeScript as Node-based CLI tool which starts an instance of ios-webkit-debug-proxy , detects the connected iOS devices, and then starts up an instance of the correct protocol adapter depending on the iOS version.
I hope by having an open source protocol adapter we can unite the energy and resources that, until now, had been put into keeping Apache Cordova and iOS WebKit/Safari web debugging work for a various number of tools and clients. With one central protocol adapter that adheres to the Chrome Debugging Protocol (CDP) API , tools can focus on implementing the that API, and let compatibility be handled by the protocol adapter.
This adapter enables debugging of Safari/Webkit on iOS from Chrome Debugging Protocol (CDP) based tools. The scope of the project is to provide a protocol adapter that handles the API differences between the Chrome Debugging Protocol and Webkit Remote Debugging Protocol. The project is continuation of the existing ios-webkit-debug-proxy project, by building on top.
The protocol adapter enables a broad range of features that hasn't been working for a long time to the growing delta between the APIs exposed by Chromium and WebKit.
Finally, the adapter is exposing a WebSocket server and a HTTP server, which are compliant to CDP, which means there's no difference for the external tools, whether they are connected to a Chromium-based runtime or the adapter .
The iOS version detection relies on ideviceinfo from libimobiledevice , and is needed because the API exposed over the WebKit Remote Debugging Protocol has small variations depending on the WebKit version. As a starting point API differences from iOS 10 down to iOS 8 has been implemented and the implementation can be seen here .
Getting started
RemoteDebug iOS WebKit adapter works both on Windows and macOS, and to get started simply install the adapter via NPM:
npm install remotedebug-ios-webkit-adapter -g
Depending on your OS there might be special dependencies needed, please follow the instructions in the README for more details.
Using the adapter with Chrome DevTools, VS Code and Firefox debugger.html
To get started you first need to start the adapter from your favorite command line:
remotedebug_ios_webkit_adapter --port=9000
Once the adapter is running you can configure Chrome DevTools to discover “Network targets” by following this guide, or you can start the adapter running on port 9222 , which enables Firefox debugger.html to work with it.
Alternatively you can also configure VS Code to use port 9000 with the following launch.json config, and enable easy debugging directly from your editor.
Thanks to Microsoft for sponsoring the work
This project started as an internal Microsoft experiment with the aim to enable Visual Studio, VS Code and other tools to transparently target different runtimes, as we today have debuggers based on CDP used for Node and Chrome debugging.
Today the project has been donated to RemoteDebug GitHub organization, and open-sourced under MIT. This is a one-time commitment from Microsoft and means Microsoft won't be maintaining the project going forward.
A big thanks to my employer Microsoft for allowing me, and the rest of team to spend time on making this project a reality. A particular thanks to James Lissiak for outlining the architecture, crunching through the API differences and figuring out the screencasting bits.
Going forward
The next step for RemoteDebug iOS WebKit adapter is to implement the 32 remaining APIs, which would give the adapter coverage of the public APIs in the Chrome Debugging Protocol, which I hope the community can help with.
The adapter isn't perfect, and it's still early days, but it takes over from where the ios-webkit-debug-proxy project left, and enables more tools to debug WebKit on iOS which is great! Profiling is still one of the bigger things that needs to get tackled, but I imagine it will be hard to do, as the underlaying data model between WebKit and Chrome simply has diverged too much. That said, if possible, it could enable some interesting tooling scenarios as tools like Lighthouse and CalibreApp would work with WebKit.
What's next for RemoteDebug
The effort for RemoteDebug is still continuing with the goal to introduce a standardized Core Debugging Protocol that isn't owned by one vendor with an open governance model that allows multiple vendors to collaborate.
The RemoteDebug effort should be combined with “RemoteDebug test suite” that would allow us to validate the compatibility across runtimes and ensure that tools such as VS Code, debugger.html and others works as expected. This testing effort hasn't begun yet, but with RemoteDebug iOS WebKit Adapter in place, we now have the first test target in addition to the native Chrome implementation.
Please give the RemoteDebug iOS WebKit Adapter a try, open issues and contribute with ideas for improvements on GitHub.
/k
(Thanks to Ben Schwarz, James Lissiak, Jason Laster, Konrad Dzwinel & Andy Sterland for reviewing this post)
Japan kills 30 whales in first hunt since International Court of Justice order issued over Southern Ocean
Posted
Japan has slaughtered 30 minke whales off its northeast coast in the first hunt since the UN's top court ordered Tokyo to stop killing the mammals in the Antarctic.
The whaling fleet that left the fishing town of Ayukawa in April completed its mission last week, the government's fisheries agency said.
It was the first campaign since the International Court of Justice (ICJ) said in March that Japan's annual expedition to the Southern Ocean was a commercial activity masquerading as research.
The hunt, which takes place in spring and autumn in coastal waters and in the north-western Pacific, is also classified as research whaling but was not an issue in the ICJ case, which only addressed the Southern Ocean hunt.
Whalers killed 16 male and 14 female mammals, with an average length of about six metres, the agency said.
Japan has hunted whales under a loophole in the 1986 global moratorium that allows lethal research on the mammals, but has made no secret of the fact that their meat ends up in restaurants and fish markets.
Tokyo called off the 2014-15 season for its Antarctic hunt and said it would redesign the controversial whaling mission in a bid to make it more scientific.
Prime minister Shinzo Abe sparked fury in anti-whaling nations earlier this month when he told parliament he would boost his efforts towards restarting commercial whaling.
Anti-whaling activists and nations, including Australia and New Zealand, had hoped Tokyo would use the cover afforded by the ICJ ruling to extricate itself from a hardened position that whaling is an integral part of the culture and must be defended.
Critics point out that while whale meat was once an important source of protein, few Japanese now eat it despite government subsidies.
However, a recent poll by a major national newspaper found a majority of those questioned supported Japan's right to hunt the mammals.
Observers say the tactics of anti-hunt groups like Sea Shepherd, whose boats have harassed whalers in the Southern Ocean, has galvanised support among the population, where demands for an end to the mission are sometimes painted as cultural imperialism.
AFP
Topics: whaling, conservation, environment, law-crime-and-justice, courts-and-trials, japan, pacific
It may not come as a huge surprise that communist and anti-capitalist philosopher Karl Marx died a poor man.
But why did the German, who had seven children by his wife and died in north London, leave his meagre £250 (£23,000 today) to his youngest daughter Eleanor?
New online records are offering tantalising insights into the financial affairs of famous figures from the 19th and 20th Centuries.
Official summaries, or indexes, of more than six million wills from 1861 to 1941 have been put online for the first time.
They took about a year-and-a-half to digitise, and reveal a fortune of more than £20bn.
Once-rich polar explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton left even less than Marx, the records show.
By the time he died in 1922, he was down to £556 (£20,000 today), having lost his fortune in a series of failed business schemes.
Naturalist Charles Darwin, by contrast, left the Victorian equivalent of about £13m today, and Charles Dickens £7m.
Image caption Portsmouth-born novelist Charles Dickens died a rich man on 9 June 1870
The probate calendar books for England and Wales present easily accessible records for historians and academics who have had to rely on paper searches until now.
But they also allow people to research their own family trees and tales of lost fortunes and wealthy ancestors.
Historic feuds and branching family trees mean many mysteries of missing millions will never be solved.
Sir Ernest Shackleton (1874 - 1922) The Anglo-Irish explorer left £556 (£20,000 today) - having lost his fortune in failed business schemes. Best known for the 1914-16 Endurance expedition to the Antarctic, he sought to cash in on his celebrity. But tobacco, mining, and postage stamp ventures all failed and his main source of income was lectures.
But the new online archive claims to bring amateur historians one step closer to discovering the truth.
Searches allow you to find the value of an estate, and learn more about someone's social standing and worldly possessions.
The documents give names, dates and places of death, executors, and in some cases who inherited the estate.
The documents, which originally came from the Probate Office, have been put online by family history website Ancestry, a US company which charges subscribers for accessing the information.
The National Archives, a government agency, has in the past struck up similar licensing partnerships with Ancestry and other private firms to put its public records online.
Audrey Collins, the Archives' family history specialist, said: "Wills are a wonderful resource for family history because they are full of names.
"Better yet, individuals and family relationships were often described in detail, because it was important that the right person got the money - or didn't, as the case may be.
Common name
"Some of the best wills were left by people who named lots of relatives, even if the value of their estate was not very great.
Historic rich list: Some famous names Chocolate producer John Cadbury left £43,773 (£4.2m today) in 1889
Cricketer W G Grace left £7,278 (£620,000 today) in 1915
Scientist Michael Faraday left £6,000 (£500,000 today) in 1867
Author Lewis Carroll left £4,145 (£450,000 today) in 1898
Sherlock Holmes creator Arthur Conan Doyle left £63,491 (£3m today) in 1931
"Spinsters and childless widows often left wills naming all their nieces and nephews, so you should never neglect the females in the family."
She added: "Even indexes on their own are useful, as they usually contain more details than death index entries, so they can help identify the right entry if the person has a common name."
Details of one million wills from 1384 to 1858 - including Shakespeare's - were put online by the National Archives in 2004.
The latest documents date from the period after that, when the administration of wills was transferred from the Church to the state.
Ms Collins added: "There is no single 'one-stop shop' for wills in England and Wales, so the family historian may have to look in a number of different places.
"As more indexes are made accessible, it becomes easier for researchers to find the records that they need, wherever they are kept."
Thomas Holloway (1800 - 1883) The patent medicine seller left one of the largest estates in the index - £600,000 (£55m today). He made his fortune selling pills and ointments, and spent large amounts of money advertising them. Scientific tests after his death showed few of his products contained any ingredients considered of significant medicinal value.
Research by Ancestry suggests more than two million people in Britain - or 6% of the population - claim to know of a wealthy ancestor.
Ancestry director Dan Jones said: "Anyone able to find an ancestor in the probate calendar books will be able to find out a great deal about how their ancestor lived, what they bequeathed and to whom."
The continual digitising of public records shows no sign of slowing down, and in recent years has included documents on crime, immigration, war, education, taxation and religion.
The National Archives says that has been made possible through licensing partnerships with commercial companies as it does not have the funding itself.
It says the funds it receives from the partnership scheme allow it to reinvest in its services.
This latest archive will no doubt throw up some fascinating stories, but will any match the unusual will of Canadian lawyer and financier Charles Vance Millar, a noted practical joker?
He offered the bulk of his estate to the Toronto woman who had the greatest number of children in the 10 years after his death, in 1926.
Attempts were made by his would-be heirs to invalidate it, but the will stood and his fortune eventually went to four women.
Famed statistician and political prognosticator Nate Silver is predicting that the Republicans are the slight favorites to take control of the senate in the 2014 midterm elections.
Silver's data-based journalism site FiveThirtyEight relaunched last week with new backing from ESPN and made its first prediction about this year's midterm elections since last July. Silver says current polling suggests the GOP will win at least six seats in the Senate, enough to give them an overall majority.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Silver, the founder and editor-in-chief of FiveThirtyEight, correctly predicted the winner of all 50 states and the District of Columbia in the 2012 presidential election battle between President Barack Obama and Republican contender Mitt Romney. That same year, Silver correctly predicted 31 of 33 U.S. senate races. He announced in 2013 that FiveThirtyEight would move from The New York Times to become a standalone site under the auspices of ESPN.
According to FiveThirtyEight, here's what would need to happen for the Republicans to take advantage of the drop in Obama's approval ratings and win the senate:
Republicans have great opportunities in a number of states, but only in West Virginia, South Dakota, Montana and Arkansas do we rate the races as clearly leaning their way. Republicans will also have to win at least two toss-up races, perhaps in Alaska, North Carolina or Michigan, or to convert states such as New Hampshire into that category. And they'll have to avoid taking losses of their own in Georgia and Kentucky, where the fundamentals favor them but recent polls show extremely competitive races.”
However, Silver says that it “wouldn't take much” for the Democrats to recalibrate in the coming months and pull ahead.
Write to Eliana Dockterman at eliana.dockterman@time.com.
(In antipation of the release of my new book BADASS: ULTIMATE DEATHMATCH next Tuesday (pre-orders available now pimp pimp HLAUAUGHGAHGH), I'm including a chapter from the book as my article this week. Behold the story of Roy Benavidez, a man who is probably the most-requested person I've ever received in my 8+ years of running this website.)
---
It was supposed to be a simple recon mission. A small team of ultra-elite asskicking American Green Berets, infiltrating deep into the thick jungles several miles beyond the Cambodian border on a super-classified stealth mission to gather information on North Vietnamese Army troop movements. But when the evac choppers limped back to base looking like they'd just been run through a gigantic, helicopter-sized microwave, it was obvious that things hadn't gone all that smoothly for the men of the 1st Special Forces.
33-year-old Master Sergeant Roy P. Benavidez was off-duty attending church services when the fighting began, but he'd spent the last ten minutes anxiously monitoring the radio chatter from the front. The 12-man squad of Green Berets had stumbled into an intense firefight, and now Benavidez's brochachos suddenly found themselves surrounded and pinned down by a full battalion of North Vietnamese infantry – somewhere between 500 and 1,500 veteran soldiers who weren't in the mood to sling their rifles and politely ask the Americans why the hell they were traipsing around Eastern Cambodia with M-16s, cameras, and walkie-talkies. Nearly every man in the American unit had been wounded or killed in the early rounds of fighting, and the three rescue choppers sent in to extract the team were driven off by intense ground fire from heavy machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades.
But if there's one thing you should probably know about the U.S. Army Special Forces, it's that the Green Berets don't screw around when it comes to kicking asses, and they don't leave a man behind for anything. So, when Sergeant Benavidez saw the remains of the crippled evacuation helicopters screeching to a halt on the base runway, he knew what he had to do. There was no way in hell he was leaving his good friends – his brothers – to die alone out there in the middle of the jungle surrounded by their enemies. The off-duty Texan grabbed a rifle and as many medical bags as he could carry, and jumped onto the deck of the first chopper headed back to the front lines. Maybe he wasn't going to hold back the entire battalion by himself, but the least he could do was try.
When the helicopters reached the extraction zone, Benavidez got a good look at the situation on the ground, and it wasn't exactly a bunch of unicorns and rainbows frolicking in a lush meadow with a bunch of topless babes. Every man from the Special Forces squad had been wounded, many beyond the ability to fight, and they were completely surrounded and trapped by entrenched enemy troops with mortars and heavy machine guns. Benavidez, who was known by the badass code name Tango Mike-Mike, knew that these men weren't going to be able to get out to the LZ, and the overabundance of large North Vietnamese death implements meant that the rescue helicopters weren't going to be able to get anywhere near the firefight without exploding into dust.
So Sergeant Roy P. Benavidez did something that most sane people would never have even considered attempting – he told the pilot to find a nearby clearing and put him on the ground. Maybe he was only one Green Beret surrounded by enemy soldiers, but so was John Rambo – and while Tango Mike-Mike never blew a dude up with an explosive-tipped arrow, the similarities between these two men would soon become painfully obvious to the NVA soldiers unlucky enough to be standing in his way.
Benavidez jumped down from the hovering chopper to the grass below, his rifle slung over his shoulder and his arms loaded with as many medical supplies and first aid kits as he could carry. This one-man whirlwhind of awesome then proceeded to sprint 75 meters under heavy enemy fire, hauling ass through fields of tracer bullets and stunned NVA troops looking at him like, "Who the hell is this guy?", his eyes never turning from his objective.
When Benavidez reached the Green Berets' position, he'd already taken a few bullets and some shrapnel in his face, arms, and head, but he was still upright and ready to bite off the enemy's faces and transform those faces into fertilizing manure using the transformative power of digestion. The situation wasn't good – everyone was hurt badly (including one hardass warrior who was somehow still fighting even though one of his eyes had been shot out), and now it was basically down to Sergeant Benavidez to organize this beat-to-hell team and hold off an entire NVA battalion almost entirely by himself.
He immediately sprung into action. Surrounded by a thousand or so NVA troops attacking him with AK-47s, RPGs, BFGs, mortars, hand grenades, and everything else this side of the Cerberal Bore from Turok: Dinosaur Hunter, Benavidez provided morphine and first aid to the wounded, got the troops to a more defensible position, and directed their fire against enemy weapons teams. Despite intense fire, Benavidez went guns blazing with his rifle, and when his M-16 ran out of bullets, he picked up an AK off a dead NVA trooper and continued his one-man war against a horde of Commie bastards, holding them off and clearing a path for the team to be extracted to safety. Once the way out was clear, Benavidez threw some smoke canisters, signaling the rescue helicopter, and when a brave pilot landed to get the wounded men out of there, Benavidez personally carried the wounded men to the evac point, making six separate trips to assist wounded soldiers and recover classified documents that had accidentally been dropped in the middle of the warzone.
Original book artwork by Steven Belledin.
While he was providing covering fire for the last of the Green Berets to board the chopper, however, disaster struck – an NVA frag grenade landed super-close to Benavidez, blowing this insane warrior off his feet and racking his back with shrapnel. As he hit the ground, an AK-47 bullet struck him in the abdomen. He lost consciousness, but only briefly.
When he came too moments later, he looked up to see a flaming, smoking wreck where the rescue helicopter had once been.
Now Roy Benavidez was a warrior in all aspects of his life. This was a man who had seen adversity, looked it square in the face, then kicked it in the Guybrush Threepwood and did a tap dance on its lifeless, ball-less corpse. A man of Mexican and Yaqui Indian heritage who had battled racism nearly every day of his early adult life, this guy had somehow survived despite losing both of his parents by the time he was 7 – when times had been too hard and food was scarce, he'd dropped out of middle school to work back-breaking labor picking cotton to support himself and his brothers and sisters. In his sixteen years of military service, he had been through a lot of horrible stuff, but he'd always pulled through, no matter what the odds. Just four years earlier, when he was still with the 82nd Airborne, he'd stepped on a land mine during a patrol – the doctors told him he would never walk again. Not only did he walk out of the hospital, but he marched straight to the Green Berets office, volunteered for the Special Forces, and survived some of the toughest training the United States military had to offer. This is a guy who never gave the hell up for anything ever, and this would be no exception. If the North Vietnamese wanted him off their backs, they were going to have to do a hell of a lot better than just shooting him four times, blowing him up with a hand grenade, and shooting down the helicopter he'd just loaded up with wounded soldiers.
Within seconds of coming to, Sergeant Roy P. Benavidez was back on his feet, pulling survivors out of the flaming wreckage of the helicopter and organizing the stunned soldiers to set up a perimeter around the crash site. After checking on the injured guys, giving ammo to the men still capable of holding a rifle, and administering morphine and water to those who needed it, Benavidez immediately got back to the herculean task of holding off a battalion of enemy infantry and heavy weapons basically by himself. Taking yet another bullet in the thigh and bleeding badly, Benavidez got on the radio and started calling down tactical air strikes, attack helicopters, and napalm strafing runs on positions just a few meters away.
By the time the second set of rescue helicopters arrived, Tango Mike-Mike had been fighting non-stop for almost six hours straight. When the chopper hovered over the LZ, Benavidez once again started pulling men to the helicopter, loading the wounded on for extraction. The North Vietnamese, seeing their enemy escaping, decided to mount one final full-on human wave charge to crush these annoying Green Berets once and for all. With a terrifying yell, suddenly enemy troops came running in from every direction, bayonets fixed.
Benavidez was waiting for them. He'd been through too much to lose now.
In intense, no-holds-barred hand-to-hand combat, Roy Benavidez was bayoneted a couple times and had his jaw broken by a rifle butt, but he somehow continued to fight off a horde of swarming enemies with a bayonet and a pistol while the remainder of his profusely-bleeding Green Beret comrades got onto the rescue helicopter. Suffering from 37 bayonets, bullet, and shrapnel wounds in various parts of his body, Benavidez used the last of his strength to pull himself on board the helicopter, the last man to leave the battlefield. The helicopter was completely riddled with holes, covered in blood, and without any functioning instruments, but the pilot somehow took off and got the team out of there. Benavidez lost consciousness as soon as he knew they were clear.
Sergeant Roy P. Benavidez of the 1st Special Forces was credited with single-handedly saving the lives of eight men during six hours of non-stop battle. When a recovery team went through the site a few days later they discovered over 30 empty NVA foxholes with heavy weapons, and saw the battlefield littered with more dead than they had time to count.
After the rescue helicopters landed at the base, Roy Benavidez's motionless body was carried off the helicopter, and after a preliminary inspection by the medical personnel on-site, the hero was gently laid onto a gurney and wheeled into the coroner's office.
Just as they were zipping up his body bag, Benavidez used the last of his energy to spit in the doctor's face.
The mostly-dead Benavidez was rushed into surgery immediately, then transferred to Saigon for many months of intensive rehabilitation. He received the Distinguished Service Cross for his heroic balls-out actions, and once the full details of the battle came declassified the award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor, the highest award for military bravery offered by the United States military. He lived to be 63.
When Kart and Theo Albrecht split the company to form Aldi Nord (North) and Aldi Süd (South) in 1960, they also split their global ambitions. Today there are about 4981 stores that belong to Aldi North and 4504 stores that belong to Aldi South. In addition there are about 367 Trader Joe's that belong to Aldi North.
Trader Joe's is a unique grocery store. It started as a convenience store in 1958 in California, but in 1967 it opened as a new concept in Pasadena, California. Freed from the convenience store image, it now had a romantic travel and leisure image of the South Seas. Employees even wear Hawaiian type shirts. It was, from the beginning, a strong beverage outlet featuring many small wineries of California. The store was also a very strong food outlet, featuring specialty items such as real sourdough bread, whole coffee beans etc. It appealed to people at all income levels.
Originally the company tried unsuccessfully to sell hosiery and phonograph records, an effort they quickly dropped. Since that time the company has focused on what their customer wants. This included attention to organic foods at affordable prices. Their most recent monthly bulletin called “Fearless Flyer” (May 2012) features organic tomatoes, mango lemonade, organic tomato marinara and many other food favorites.
Aldi North acquired Trader Joe's in 1979, and continued to let it operate independently. It expanded from California to the East and Midwest in 1996 and 2000 respectively. Its entry into New York City was done quietly but today there are 3 highly productive stores in Manhattan and one in Queens. (Stores have sales in excess of $1500 per square foot!) This is in contrast to Walmart who still has no foothold in Manhattan. (Today Trader Joe's has West and East Coast headquarters to administer the geographic diversity.)
The March 2012 issue of the German Manager Magazin reported on the current Aldi operations. Aldi was founded by Karl and Theo Albrecht in 1913 when they opened a small grocery store in Essen. By 1950 they ran 13 stores. The brothers split the company in 1960 when they could not agree whether to sell cigarettes. In 1962 they introduced the name Aldi for their stores. (Albrecht Diskount = ALDI). The brothers retired in 1993 and gave their wealth to foundations which operate the stores.
The two divisions Aldi Nord and Aldi Süd operate from Essen and Mülheim, Germany. The global operation reaches 15 countries outside of Germany. The Aldi stores are small, low margin, high quality food stores with little fancy fixturing. Recently they have selectively introduced in Germany some fancy foods like lox, lobsters, champagne and other gourmet items in order to attract a more diversified clientele.
There are about 9949 stores globally under the Aldi and Trader Joe's names. Here is a listing of the global store distribution:
Country Aldi Nord Aldi Süd
Germany 2509 1794
United States 1188
Trader Joe's (U.S. only) 367
France 920
Netherland 493
Belgium 452
Austria 438
Great Britain 429
Australia 270
Denmark 255
Spain 250
Switzerland 152
Ireland 90
Hungary 78
Slovakia 65
Poland 58
Portugal 31
Luxemburg 13
Grand Total 5448 4501
I visited the original store in Pasadena in 1973 and bought some wine. More recently I frequented the store on Manhattan's Upper West Side. It is quite a difference from the first store. Now there are the long lines of customers that stand patiently to pay for their purchases. The stores are highly productive and have been a strong competition to Whole Foods food stores. I am sure we will see more stores in densely populated areas.
Aldi is a private company.
On Tuesday morning, ESPN – which has been in a losing battle to keep its subscribers – issued a new set of guidelines “recognize[ing] connection between sports, politics.” ESPN public editor Jim Brady acknowledged the oddity of releasing guidelines after a presidential election, but said, “we are living in unique political times…which explains the revised guidelines for discussion of political and social issues.” According to ESPN vice president Craig Bengtson said that Trump's election was the essential factor behind the new guidelines.
The first part of the guideline is a recommitment to “objective” journalism: “our audiences should be confident our original reporting of news is not influenced by political pressures or personal agendas.” Of course, that's not going to help much: CNN believes the same, and their reporting is slanted heavily to the left. The left's version of objectivity states that a story, once decided upon, must not be overtly political; this ignores selection bias, which decides which stories are important to cover. ESPN's heavy focus on Caitlyn Jenner, for example, pushes a political agenda through selection bias.
ESPN does make two more important changes to their policy: first, they say that hard news reporters and editors at the company should not make any public statements in any forum that would reveal their political biases. That's absurd, and doesn't solve the problem of political bias in reporting itself.
But the most important change is the encouragement of more political talk from commentators:
Outside of ‘hard' news reporting, commentary related to political or social issues, candidates or office holders is appropriate on ESPN platforms consistent with these guidelines….The presentation should be thoughtful and respectful. We should offer balance or recognize opposing views, as warranted. We should avoid personal attacks and inflammatory rhetoric.
In other words, talk politics, so long as it's leftist. Mike Ditka lost his job for speaking up in favor of Donald Trump and against Barack Obama on NFL Countdown; Curt Schilling was ousted for the great sin of comparing radical Islam to Nazism; Chris Broussard was slammed by management for expressing his religious view of homosexuality. Brady himself has stated in the past, “Internally, there's a feeling among many staffers -- both liberal and conservative -- that the company's perceived move leftward has had a stifling effect on discourse inside the company and has affected its public-facing product. Consumers have sensed that same leftward movement, alienating some.”
ESPN's far-leftism has certainly alienated me. I used to watch ESPN religiously. Now I can't even bear to watch it for more than 15 minutes, since it's impossible to escape the leftist propagandizing.
That's not going to change under the new rules. Let's see ESPN hire some conservatives and let them talk, rather than ousting them the moment they disagree with the prevailing leftist orthodoxy. Then we can talk about a freer discourse. Until then, ESPN should shut up about politics altogether, or risk watching its ratings continue to tank and subscribers continue to cut the cord.
An independent oversight agency tasked with investigating the RCMP conduct during a mandatory evacuation of a flood-ravaged High River has recommended a suite of improvements to procedures citing failures in leadership, poor communication, and evidence officers breached the Criminal Code.
In its highly-anticipated report released Thursday, the RCMP Public Complaints Commission said investigators found no evidence that Mounties were ordered to remove firearms from homes or that officers broke into gun safes, issues previously raised by concerned gunowners and property rights advocates.
While RCMP were authorized to seize unsecured firearms, the commission found five incidents where guns had been stored in accordance with regulations, such as affixing trigger locks or removing the firing mechanism. In one of those cases, the officer knowingly seized two properly stored firearms.
“With insufficient supervision and guidance by senior RCMP members or any judicial oversight, (Mounties) performed warrantless searches and seizures of firearms in some of the evacuated homes,” Ian McPhail, interim chair of the commission, said in the 122-page report.
“The varied approaches taken by the members with respect to the handling of firearms demonstrate a lack of structure and coordination,” McPhail wrote. “The supervisory approach seems to have been hands-off, relying on the individual judgment of each member to independently arrive at a conclusion.”
And in many cases the conclusion arrived at by many RCMP officers was to remove unsecured firearms from evacuated homes and store them at the local detachment until owners could reclaim the guns after the mandatory evacuation order was lifted.
On June 21, a day after a devastating flood tore through High River, town officials ordered Mounties to conduct door-to-door searches — by force if needed — to locate and rescue stranded residents and pets.
Officers entered 4,666 of homes (754 by force), seized and tagged 609 firearms, and collected ammunition and other weapons. The guns were moved and stored at the local RCMP detachment and later returned to the proper owners.
As the mandatory evacuation order stretched on, residents grew increasingly frustrated as their homes sat rotting under muddy river water and stinking sewage. On Day 9, that frustration erupted after reports surfaced of the sweeping searches of homes and subsequent “gun grab” by Mounties as it was later labelled.
The news prompted a terse response from the Prime Minister's Office, had provincial Opposition members demanding answers, triggered raucous town hall meetings and led to the inquiry by the public complaints commission.
The release of the report was delayed several times as investigators met with 68 residents, conducted 56 interviews and an additional eight interviews conducted by an third party expert of homeowners and officials and gathered and poured through reams of documentation.
The 122-page report notes more than 10,000 documents, emails, notes and seizure logs were reviewed, as well as 1,000 images and 50 videos.
While directed to cause as little damage as possible during the forced entries, officers were often left to their own devices, resorting to crowbars, sledgehammers or kicking in doors. Those actions cause significant damage to doors and windows and no recourse to secure the homes.
The RCMP received more than 1,900 complaints of property damage, some of which were later attributed to other causes such as the flood or break-ins. However, a lack of proper record keeping made it impossible to determine how much damage was caused by Mounties during initial searches, according to the report.
McPhail said RCMP relied on the Criminal Code, which authorizes warrantless seizures of unsecured firearms or contraband that are found in plain view and requires all seized items to be reported to a justice.
No rationale was provided by the RCMP –Ian McPhail, interim commission chair
But investigators uncovered instances where officers took firearms there were properly secured or not in plain view, including two incidents where firearms were stored in a closet and another in a sleeping bag in a garage.
While officers had limited authority to search for the protection of life, “lifting linens and the like is clearly beyond the scope of the search authorized by virtue of either the plain view doctrine or the operation of subsection 489(2) of the Criminal Code.”
The RCMP justified the seizures as necessary to protect the public, citing reports of break-ins and theft, but “they nonetheless failed to comply with legal requirements concerning the seizure of firearms,” said McPhail.
RCMP leadership failed to adequately communicate with the public during the crisis — the direct result of inadequate policies, procedures and training that led to confusion among partners and sowed the seeds of speculation.
While the Mounties seemed surprised by community's outrage, “the reaction was somewhat predictable, given that the sanctity of one's home from state interference is a deeply rooted legal principle,” McPhail said.
The commission recommended RCMP develops a national crisis communications handbook to be followed during emergency operations.
Further, Mounties failed to report the collection of guns to a justice, as required by the Criminal Code, the commission found.
“No rationale was provided by the RCMP for the failure to comply with this important legal obligation,” McPhail said. “Moreover, there is no record of any consideration being given to this obligation.”
Notifying a justice was not only required, it “may have addressed many of the concerns and criticisms from residents, the media, and politicians,” he added.
As a result, the commission recommended the RCMP “create procedures or guidelines with respect to the seizure of firearms, ammunition and contraband in disaster response situations like the High River flood.”
In all, the report contains 52 key findings and makes 10 recommendations, most of which centre on implementing measures that ensure officers understand their legal authorities and duties during a disaster, improving communications and act in a manner that “demonstrates leadership and accountability.”
“In the end,” McPhail concluded, “what should have been a story about heroic actions of countless frontline responders, including many RCMP members, turned out to be something far different for the RCMP.”
thowell@calgaryherald.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — Eight college fraternities announced Tuesday an effort to work together on new training aimed at combating sexual misconduct, hazing and binge drinking.
The focus is on learning to recognize, diagnose and intervene in potentially harmful situations. An estimated 35,000 undergraduates are anticipated to participate in the first year of the Fraternal Health and Safety Initiative consortium, according to the announcement.
The participating fraternities include Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Pi Kappa Alpha, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Tau Kappa Epsilon and Triangle — groups with a combined 75,000 undergraduate men at more than 550 college campuses. The consortium plans to use training that organizers say is based on research and created for retreat-like settings.
“If you think of the power of having all of these fraternities on a particular campus going through similar programming and similar messaging, it could definitely impact the culture on that campus fairly quickly,” said Marc Mores, executive vice president of the James R. Favor & Company. The insurance company insures campus fraternities and organized the effort.
Last week, the White House started the “It's On Us” campaign, which is focused on encouraging people to consider stopping sexual assault to be part of their personal responsibility and to intervene when they suspect a potential victim can't or won't consent. A White House task force on campus sexual assault, in a report issued earlier this year, said that one of the most promising prevention strategies is bystander prevention.
Within higher education, there has been growing pressure to curb sexual assault and better protect victims.
___
Kimberly Hefling can be followed at http://twitter.com/khefling
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Most likely departure: Lewis, if he elects to go into free agency.
Analysis: The Steelers led the NFL in pass defense, but it was an uncomfortable No. 1. Too many early-season games were sacrificed to late-game secondary breakdowns, and the four starters played together for only two games all season. Polamalu missed nine games with a torn calf and didn't look like himself until the final two games of the season, when Taylor (broken ankle) was out. Clark and Polamalu allowed a touchdown between them all season, but backup Ryan Mundy allowed three in the first four games. Lewis shook off a rough start to have a strong season but never made an interception.
Get out the checkbook, Dan Rooney.
The Steelers chose not to give cornerback Keenan Lewis a multiyear contract as a restricted free agent last year, in part, because he wasn't yet a starter. Lewis, in turn, might have hesitated to sign such a deal if it didn't pay him at a starter's level.
Now some team is going to pay the efficient Lewis a lot more than the $1.26 million he made in 2012 — be it the Steelers or one that grabs him as a free agent.
Where Lewis goes sets the course for the 2013 Steelers' secondary, one that hopes to be more stable and theft-prone but as statistically proficient as the NFL's top-ranked unit was this season.
That's where the hard decisions begin.
Lewis stabilized what had been a troublesome position for years, the cornerback spot opposite Ike Taylor that once alternated between Bryant McFadden and William Gay, and it's likely the Steelers would prefer to keep him more than any of the other 17 unrestricted free agents.
“I want everybody back, especially Keenan,” safety Ryan Clark said. “His play was a big reason why we finished No. 1 in yards. When we have him, it makes it a lot better.”
But it would cost $10.66 million to franchise him — one route to retaining him without giving him a multiyear deal — and that's unlikely given the Steelers are well over the salary cap.
If Lewis signs elsewhere, Cortez Allen becomes the next man up. He helped create five turnovers in the final two games and would start if Lewis leaves.
But that would significantly weaken a position of strength, nickel back, given that Allen graded out the highest of any Steelers defensive back in Pro Football Focus' play-by-play analysis. Ranked No. 17 league-wide, Allen (563 snaps) gave up only one touchdown but played the second-fewest snaps of any cornerback in the top 20.
With numerous personnel decisions to make given the seven players 30 or older on defense, the Steelers could decide it is more cost-effective to make Allen a starter. Then, they could seek out an affordable nickel back — if they think Curtis Brown isn't ready — through free agency or the draft.
Brown got most of his playing time late in the season, giving up 11 completions and a touchdown while being targeted 15 times.
The Steelers also must decide if this is the year they commit a high-round draft pick to safety, given that Ryan Clark — coming off possibly his best season — will be 34 next seasons and Troy Polamalu will be 32.
The concern about Polamalu isn't as much his age as his reliability; he missed much of the 2009 and '12 seasons to injury.
“Maybe I look too far ahead, but think what it could look like with both of us healthy and these young guys playing football and Ike out there,” Clark said. “It could be special.”
So for the Steelers, it's pay now or pay later. Even if the Steelers don't give Lewis a seven-figure multiyear deal, they're going to have to replace Taylor, 33; Clark and Polamalu not far down the road.
“It will be an interesting offseason,” Polamalu said.
Alan Robinson is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach him at arobinson@tribweb.com or via Twitter @arobinson_Trib.
ONE Championship welterweight titleholder Ben Askren -- perhaps the best welterweight not signed to Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) -- has a very interesting take on the upcoming title fight between division kingpin Robbie Lawler and Carlos Condit.
The two combatants are set to duke it out in the main event of UFC 195, which goes down on Sat., Jan. 2, 2015 in Las Vegas, Nevada (details here).
When all is said and done, "Funky" believes Condit will prove victorious since he has more weapons and a better gas tank than "Ruthless." As he stated on The MMA Hour, "The Natural Born Killer" is simply too much for Lawler as the fight goes into the championship rounds.
His prediction.
"I've had my hands on both of these guys. So I know how I stand against them. Not at length, but I have worked out with both of them at some point in the past. I think Carlos, actually. You know what, because I think Carlos has great cardio and great endurance. I think Carlos's weakness is his wrestling, he gets taken down very easy but I don't think Robbie is going to do that, or do it often. I don't think Robbie's got enough in the tank left to knock Carlos out if it goes the distance. Carlos is just going to be picking up the volume and picking up the volume and I see him kind of wearing Robbie out and maybe a TKO finish or something later in the fight. That's how I predict it going. Carlos is dangerous, he's got a lot of weapons that he likes to use. "
The last time Lawler tasted defeat by way of strikes came against Nick Diaz almost a decade ago at UFC 47. Which means "The Natural Born Killer" has his work cut out for him if he wants to prove Askren right.
Then again, five of Condit's last six victories have come by way of technical knockout, so he definitely has the style and pedigree to get it done.
Either way, if history tells us anything, the fight world is in store for one violent night.
Detectives seeking info on kidnap suspect. Contact Det Lukaszewski at 818-754-8451 or 818-754-8301 with any info. pic.twitter.com/7L6O02NLGa — NHWD Division (@LAPDNorthHwdDiv) August 20, 2016
A North Hollywood woman who was almost kidnapped at gunpoint grabbed the man's shotgun and managed to scare him off by screaming.Now police have released a sketch of the suspect and are hoping the public can help find him.The woman recalled the terrifying ordeal in an interview with Eyewitness News.On Aug. 11 around 10:30 p.m. the woman was driving home when the suspect began following her in his own car to the 7700 block of Ethel Avenue, police said. She pulled into her driveway and he got out of his car."While the gate was closing, someone came in with a shotgun," the woman recalled. "I didn't notice him until he had the shotgun to my head while I was siting in my car."At first she didn't try to struggle because of the shotgun. He hit her over the head and in the face with the gun and ordered her to get into his car."I knew if I got in his car, it was over," she said.At that point she was ready to fight back."I noticed both his hands were busy. One on my hair and the other one had the firearm. That's when I pulled his gun."They struggled with the weapon and she began screaming louder and louder for help.Finally he wrestled the gun back, but took off, hopping into his own car and driving away.The experience left her terrified and she is hopeful that a sketch released by the Los Angeles Police Department will help catch the suspect."I walk around afraid now," she said. "I wouldn't wish that on anybody else."The suspect was described as a male Hispanic about five-feet four inches to five-feet five inches tall, weighing around 175-180 pounds, around 23-26 years old with a light goatee. He was wearing a zip-up sweater and gray "Dickies" style pants. He was driving an older four-door brown or tan car.Police asked anyone with information to call detectives at (818)754-8451 or after hours at 877-LAPD-247. Anonymous tips can be reported to 800-222-TIPS or online at lapdonline.org.
Editor's note: today's caption is the answer to the June puzzler.
There is an obvious difference between the dark green coniferous forests that dominate the western shore of Tomales Bay and the lighter green grasslands on the east side. But the differences between the two shores run much deeper than the vegetation.
Tomales Bay lies about 50 kilometers (30 miles) northwest of San Francisco, along the edges of two tectonic plates that are grinding past each other. The boundary between them is the San Andreas Fault, the famous rift that partitions California for hundreds of miles.
The Operational Land Imager (OLI) on Landsat 8 captured this natural-color image of part of Tomales Bay on March 1, 2017. Lagunitas Creek, a northward-flowing stream that offers critical habitat for the endangered coho salmon, roughly traces the fault.
To the west of the Bay is the Pacific plate; to the east is the North American plate. The rock on the western shore of the Bay is granite, an igneous rock that formed underground when molten material slowly cooled over time. On the opposite shore, the land is a mix of several types of marine sedimentary rocks. In Assembling California, John McPhee calls that side “a boneyard of exotica,” a mixture of rock of “such widespread provenance that it is quite literally a collection from the entire Pacific basin, or even half of the surface of the planet.”
As the plates shift, the ground west of the San Andreas Fault moves northward. On average, movement along the fault averages about 3 to 5 centimeters (1 to 2 inches) per year—about the speed that fingernails grow. However, that movement is anything but steady. The two plates tend to lock together until extreme amounts of pressure build up. When the pressure reaches a breaking point, an earthquake sends the plates lurching. During the Great 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, a road at the head of Tomales Bay was offset by nearly 6 meters (21 feet).
In the second image, you can see that the direction of the fault follows the orientation of Tomales Bay, running from the head of the Bay through Olema Valley toward Bolinas Lagoon.
NASA Earth Observatory images by Jesse Allen, using Landsat data from the U.S. Geological Survey. Story by Adam Voiland.
Diagnosed with leukemia a year ago, Abby Snider, of Winchester, Virginia, spent most of her 15th year bravely fighting her cancer with debilitating treatments and harsh medicines.
“There were times when I just didn't want to do it anymore and I just wanted them to kill me. But I knew they couldn't. There were other times you just wanted to give up, but you have to keep going,” Snider told ABC7.
So for Snider's 16th birthday, her parents wanted to do something extra sweet. Unfortunately, Snider's growing medical bills left the family without extra money for the elaborate party they dreamed of throwing their daughter.
To help give their brave birthday girl the Sweet 16 she deserved, Snider's parents reached out to Tom Mitchell of The Stillbrave Childhood Cancer Foundation, reports ABC7.
Mitchell's organization helps families struggling with cancer-treatment costs pay for expenses like gas and rent. With help from The Stillbrave Childhood Cancer Foundation, the Sniders crafted the ultimate surprise celebration for their daughter.
The ruse began with Mitchell contacting Snider and asking her to deliver an empowering speech at an upcoming fundraiser gala for the organization. Snider quickly accepted.
“I called her under the guise that I need a child with cancer to come and speak on my behalf. So unbeknownst to her, there's a surprise birthday party for her and 100 of her closest friends,” said Mitchell.
Snider spent the weeks leading up to “the fundraiser” diligently shaping her speech, while her family secretly worked with Winchester businesses to set up Abby's party. When the big day arrived, Mitchell picked up the teen in a limo and whisked her away for a glamorous hair and makeup session at a local salon.
Primped and beaming, Snider arrived at The George Washington Hotel and prepared to give her carefully edited speech to a group of donors. Instead of finding a ballroom full of gala attendees, Snider walked into a party packed with her family and friends.
Seconds after the guests yelled, “Surprise!,” Snider realized there was no fundraiser. The cheering, cake and decorations were all for her.
Tears of Joy
“At first I was confused and then I started screaming and then I started crying,” Snider told ABC News. “It was awesome. I literally felt like Cinderella for the night.”
While Snider burst into tears of joy, Mitchell and the teen's parents celebrated their successful Sweet 16 surprise.
There's only one downside to the impressive stunt: Snider never got the chance to deliver the speech she spent weeks perfecting – but that doesn't bother her one bit.
“I was freaking out about it and I was so relieved I didn't have to give it,” the teen said. “I'll save it for another time.”
About
This project started with My love of Flying, but wiht some changes in Circumstance I am unable to continually go flying, This lead me into building simulators, Which also combined my other hobbys of Electronics and Progamming,
From this i was shocked at the cost and poor quality of the various simulator hardware on the market today, As well as the Time consuming setup and Clunky gauges available.
And with some help from a freind we combined our skills and began to create customer guages and hardware.
We already have working prototypes that work with FSX and DIRT 3 (Virtually all Codemasters Car Simulators will work) and are looking to expand compatibility into X-Plane and other Car sims.
Alot of people use LCD's for there gauges, but this was never going to cut it for me, I love the look of a Back Lighted Needle gauge, And moved towards the use of Stepper motors to give an extremely smooth feel and quick response.
Our intention is to give a plug and play gauges that you can expand on to create as large or as small simulator that you want.
These gauges will be Micro processor controlled and backlit with Dimmable backlight (Both Via Software and Hardware)
In Later times we intend to expand into Avionics and also other hardware items to create a realitic sim experience.
We already have a few items in production, but need a little boost to purchase some equipment and setup some external suppliers to increase our scale.
At present we are doing custom works for clients directly but wish to expand into the main marketplace.
Thanks for reading.
Irish people are being asked to think up an unofficial motto for Ireland.
The idea is being launched by the Better Together campaign, which aims to build support for charities, community groups, clubs and associations across the country.
Ivan Cooper, Director of Advocacy with The Wheel, says other countries have well-known mottos.
"The French have 'Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité', and the Greeks is a bold battle cry apparently, 'Freedom or Death', and the South Africans have their motto - 'Unity and Diversity'," he said.
"So we just think a national motto could be a powerful way for Irish people to think about what we stand for as a nation, what we'd like to stand for as a nation, and what we'd like our society to be like in the years ahead."
Odessa Police Spokesperson Corporal Steve Lesueur says his department took 17-year-old James Gabriel McDonald into custody after both of the boy's parents were found shot to death Wednesday morning.
CBS 7 sources confirm Gregg McDonald and his wife Jana were found dead at their home. Gregg is an Executive at a local bank. He and his wife are known for their volunteer work across the Permian Basin.
"Gregg was a wonderful man, he had great banking relations with people and was funny and nice, it's just awful to hear what happened. It just goes to show you don't ever know what's going on in people's lives, they will be greatly missed," said one family friend.
Police say they responded to the shooting at about 4:56 this morning, and found two people shot to death in the 5300 block of Conley.
Officers arrested McDonald on capital murder charges and say he shot and killed his parents.
The department has not released a motive for the shooting.
McDonald is currently under arrest.
According to Mike Adkins with Ector County ISD as released that 17- year-old James Gabriel McDonald is a sophomore at Permian High School.
Crisis counselors have been at the school all day and will stay there the rest of the afternoon and Friday to talk with any students or staff who want to see them. Counselors are also available at Nimitz where he attended middle school.
“This news is devastating not only for many of our students and staff members but also for our community. Our thoughts and prayers are with the McDonald family, and friends who are suffering through this tragedy,” Adkins said.
The IJT logo.
The Islami Jamiat Taleba (IJT) is one of the largest and most organised student organisations in Pakistan. From the 1970s till about the early 1990s it was also the main ideological engine powering the concept of Political Islam on the country's university and college campuses.
It is the student-wing of the fundamentalist Jamat-e-Islami (JI), and it was formed by the party in December 1947.
Originally conceived as a student-based Islamic evangelical outfit, it was in 1958, or right after the imposition of Pakistan's first martial law (by Field Martial Ayub Khan), that IJT jumped into the fray of student politics.
On the eve of IJT's activation as a political outfit, campuses and student union elections across Pakistan were dominated by leftist student organisations such as the Democratic Students Federation (DSF) and then the National Students Federation (NSF).
The IJT was instructed by the JI leadership to persuade neutral students to agitate against the Ayub dictatorship's overwhelmingly secular legislation and to challenge the domination of leftist student organisations in educational institutions.
JI liberally poured funds into IJT's student union election campaigns and the student organisation gradually began to rise as a powerful electoral force.
Members of the left-wing Democratic Students Federation holding an anti-government rally in 1952.
Though it continued coming second best in most student union elections in the 1960s, it was successful in achieving a strong foothold in Pakistan's two major universities, the Karachi University and Punjab University.
Directly pitched against the leftist NSF, IJT however, joined the latter's lead during the NSF-led student movement in the late 1960s against the Ayub dictatorship.
Nevertheless, after the sudden and dramatic rise of leftist political parties like the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in West Pakistan and the Bengali nationalist Awami League (AL) in East Pakistan, JI and IJT let loose an onslaught of propaganda against the PPP and the AL.
This was done through rallies and by distributing large quantities of literature authored by JI chief and famous Islamic scholar, Abul Ala Maududi, against socialist ideas, and against the politics of provincialism that was taking shape among Sindhi, Pushtun, Baloch and Bengali nationalists.
The tense atmosphere that had engulfed campuses across Pakistan during the anti-Ayub movement triggered a number of clashes between IJT and NSF.
NSF members and pro-PPP students clash with police and IJT activists outside the Karachi University (1968).
By the time Ayub resigned and handed over power to General Yahya Khan in 1969, JI and IJT were accused (by the leftists) of being co-opted by the new military regime to help it curb the rising influence of PPP and AL.
Though like the Ayub regime, Yahya's dictatorship was also secular in orientation, a number of political historians are of the view that the Yahya administration financially and logistically supported JI's campaign for the 1970 general election.
What followed were a series of rather ironic episodes. As JI, in spite of gaining the backing of the government and state-owned press, suffered serious defeats at the hands of secular and left-leaning parties in the election, IJT began to regularise its winning performance in the country's major universities.
Whereas JI had lost face and influence after the election, its student-wing on the other hand actually rose to become the country's leading and most organised political student outfit.
A 1969 photo of an armed clash between IJT and Bengali nationalist students at the Dhaka University.
One of the main reasons behind IJT's rise in the 1970s was the way NSF had begun to split into many factions. With the emergence of other progressive student outfits such as the PPP's student-wing, the Peoples Students Federation (PSF), and of radical Sindhi, Baloch and Pushtun student groups, the progressive vote began to split among various leftist and progressive student outfits during student union elections.
Members of progressive student groups gather around veteran NSF leader, Rashid Ahmed, at a college in Karachi before the annual student union elections (1972).
Also, when the campus progressives were embroiled in a number of petty ideological tussles among themselves, IJT cleverly used its organisational skills to help new entrants to universities and colleges to acquire books and lodging.
The number of students arriving from the country's smaller cities and villages to join universities and colleges in the main urban centres had begun to increase from the late 1960s onwards, and this large section eventually became IJT's leading constituency during union elections.
What's more, though holding 'study circles' in which ideology was imparted to new entrants was a concept once largely used by leftist student groups, IJT adopted it in a more effective manner.
New entrants to universities and colleges were invited to study circles in which senior IJT members would help the students with their studies and then slip in literature culled from the writings of Abul Ala Maududi and Egyptian radical and Islamist, Syed Qutb.
English translations of two early 1970s editions of books by Abul Ala Maududi that were regularly handed out to new recruits by the IJT at universities and colleges.
By the mid 1970s, though, the left-leaning PPP stood almost unchallenged in the country's parliament, IJT on the other hand, was well in control of almost all the major student unions of the country.
Unable to check the electoral rise and influence of the IJT, diverse progressive student groups began striking electoral alliances between themselves.
The 1970s also witnessed the reconvening of a radical but obscure militant faction of the IJT that was originally formed in the 1960s but was more aggressively revived in the next decade – especially after the breaking away of East Pakistan in 1971 through a bloody civil war, and in which many IJT members actively and physically facilitated the Pakistan Army during its unprecedented violence against Bengali nationalists.
The two organisations constructed (by the state of Pakistan against East Pakistani nationalists) mostly comprised of IJT militants and were called Al-Badar and Al-Shams respectively.
A poster published by East Pakistani/Bengali nationalists against the alleged violence exercised by Al-Badar members against Bengali intellectuals (1971).
The militant faction was called the Thunder Squad and it reappeared on campuses with the mission to 'cleanse educational institutions of immoral activities.'
Thunder Squad personnel often used strong-armed tactics and regularly clashed with members of anti-IJT organisations. But since the 1970s in Pakistan were largely a liberal period, Thunder Squad activities began costing IJT its democratic credentials and then eventually the student union elections.
IJT was also at the forefront of the 1974 anti-Ahmedi movement in the Punjab. The movement demanded that the government declare the Ahmedi community as non-Muslim.
After days of violence against Ahmedis, their business and places of worship, the government finally agreed to declare the community as non-Muslim and thus a ‘minority.'
A 1974 wall graffiti in Sargoda chalked by IJT members against the Ahmedis.
In 1975 IJT suffered heavy defeats in student union elections at Karachi University and in the colleges of Lahore.
Election Day at the Peshawar University in 1975.
But IJT's electoral debacle was short-lived. It regained the ground it had begun to lose in 1975 when after the JI-led right-wing alliance, the Pakistan National Alliance (PNA), began a widespread movement against the Bhutto regime in 1977.
PNA had accused Bhutto's PPP regime of rigging the 1977 election. The alliance now vowed to topple Bhutto and enforce 'Nizam-Mustafa' (Prophet's system of Islamic government).
The PNA movement was strongest in Karachi and Lahore. IJT played a leading role in organising the students during the movement. Apart from attacking the police, IJT processions also attacked nightclubs, bars and shops selling alcoholic beverages.
An anti-Bhutto IJT rally in Lahore, 1977.
The character of student politics in the country became increasingly tense and violent after General Ziaul Haq toppled the Bhutto regime in a military coup in July 1977.
The JI joined the new military regime's first cabinet to 'help it Islamises Pakistan's society and politics.'
Consequently, the new regime also began patronising the IJT by using it to violently curb the activities of anti-Zia student outfits.
Though IJT had achieved a fresh burst of respect for the role it had played during the PNA movement, it gradually began to lose electoral ground and support when (on the behest of its mother party) it supported the Zia dictatorship, and willingly became the regime's whipping boys against anti-Zia student groups.
Between 1978 and 1983, as IJT got embroiled in a number of complex situations – from regularly clashing with opposing student groups to getting involved with certain Pakistan-based Afghan Islamist outfits – it steadily began to lose votes that it had worked so hard to secure across the 1970s.
A montage of IJT members killed in clashes with leftist student groups in Karachi between 1979 and 1983.
The culmination of IJT's electoral and ideological deterioration finally arrived in the shape of the countrywide defeats its candidates suffered in almost all the major colleges and universities of the country during the 1983 student union elections.
NSF activists celebrate victory against IJT in the 1983 student union elections at Dow Medical College, Karachi.
These were also the last countrywide student union elections to be held in Pakistan. Alarmed by IJT's defeat as well as by the way certain sections within the IJT had begun to criticise IJT's mother party for its overt support to the Zia regime, Zia banned the student unions.
A IJT delegation meeting with a group of anti-Soviet Afghan Jihadists based in Peshawar.
The ban did not really affect IJT. It was allowed by the regime to operate a lot more freely on campuses compared to other student organisations. But the damage done to IJT's reputation had already taken its toll.
In Karachi IJT's position began to be seriously tested and challenged by the Mohajir-centric All Pakistan Mohajir Students Organisation (APMSO).
In the Punjab where (after Zia enacted a more conservative version of the Pakistan Muslim League), the party's student-wing, the Muslim Students Federation (MSF), began to muscle its way into IJT's strong-holds.
Numerous episodes of violence took place between IJT and APMSO and IJT and MSF between 1987 and 1994.
When the Zia dictatorship ended with his assassination in 1988, the new regime led by PPP chairperson, Benazir Bhutto, lifted the ban on student unions.
Union elections were held in 1989 in the Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Apart from at the Punjab University, IJT lost badly, mainly to Peoples Students Federation, MSF and against the more ‘moderate' Islamist student outfit, the Anjuman Taleba Islam (ATI).
Though the Thunder Squad collapsed on itself, the violent tendency within the IJT returned again in the early 1990s, this time outside the campuses.
A section of the organisation formed the Allah Tigers; a vigilante group of hooligans whose task was to attack cultural events it deemed 'un-Islamic.'
The Tigers were disbanded by the JI in the mid-1990s.
IJT remained unaccustomedly quiet during much of General Parvez Musharraf's dictatorship (1999-2008), a regime it otherwise accused of being against 'Islamic interests.'
Armed IJT men hold a rally in Karachi (2005).
However, it did reactivate itself at the fag-end of the dictatorship, and today it is in the forefront of organising rallies against Pakistan's alliance with the US – the same country it had worked very closely with and had supported during the Cold War, and especially during the 'anti-Soviet Afghan jihad.'
Recently there has been a growth of some highly militant sections within the IJT, or sections that openly support Islamist terrorists like Osama Bin Laden and the Taliban.
IJT members burning a US flag (2007).
But largely the IJT currently is merely content in keeping the (albeit unelected) hold it has over the Punjab University and in some colleges of the Punjab.
Though still one of the largest conventional student political groups in Pakistan, IJT now seems to be a pale reflection of its former self. It is unfortunate that IJT's history of violence and support for Zia's brutal regime seemed to have stood out more in the telling of its legacy compared to the rich democratic credentials that it demonstrated in the 1960s and 1970s.
Bibliography: Mehmood, Sohail: Islamic Fundamentalism in Pakistan, Egyptian & Iran (Vanguard, 1995); Bhatt, Chettan: Liberation & Purity: Race, Religious Movements & The Ethics of Post-Modernity (Routledge, August 1997); Abbas, Hassan: Pakistan's Drift Into Extremism (M E. Sharpe, 2004); Paracha, Nadeem F.:Student Politics in Pakistan: A History, Celebration & Lament (Essay, 2008).
The views expressed by this blogger and in the following reader comments do not necessarily reflect the views and policies of the Dawn Media Group.
City health officials are warning visitors to Central Park to avoid contact with wild animals and to keep their dogs on a leash following the discovery of three rabid raccoons, two in the last week.
The discovery was a surprise because, in the previous six years, only one rabid animal had been found in Manhattan, with the majority of rabies cases in the city isolated to Staten Island and the Bronx. Another rabid raccoon that was found earlier this year, near the northernmost tip of Manhattan, was believed to have crossed over from the Bronx on a railroad bridge.
“There is concern that it could spread to more raccoons,” said Dr. Sally Slavinski, a public health veterinarian for the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. City employees will be enhancing their surveillance of the park to look for signs of other sick animals and are urging parkgoers who spot disoriented or aggressive animals to report them by calling the city's 311 information line.
There hasn't been a human infection of rabies in New York City since 1953, around the time that the city began mandating rabies vaccinations for dogs to combat the disease, according to the health department. At the time, the disease, which is transmitted through a bite from an infected mammal and is usually fatal without treatment, was a significant problem in the city. One report described a dog frothing at the mouth racing through the crowd at a public pool and biting the officer who finally captured it.
In the early 1950s, before vaccination programs curbed the cases, about 40,000 people were bitten by rabid dogs nationwide each year, with about 40 people dying annually from the disease, according to news reports from the time. In 2007, the most recent year for which figures were available, just one person contracted the disease, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (Worldwide, however, rabies remains a major killer.)
In New York State, 512 animals were identified as carrying rabies, the third most in the nation after Texas and Virginia, according to the Centers for Disease Control. Most rabies cases now involve wild animals, with raccoons being the most common carrier, followed by bats, skunks and foxes. (Nationwide, domestic animals like dogs, cats and cattle account for less than seven percent of all infected animals).
The variant of raccoon-borne rabies did not arrive in New York City until 1992 but now accounts for the majority of cases in the city and the state, said Ms. Slavinski. So far this year, 20 rabies cases have been identified in the city: 14 raccoons in the Bronx, 4 raccoons in Manhattan, a raccoon in Queens and a bat in Staten Island. In the previous six years, the Bronx has had 78 cases, followed by Staten Island with 69, Queens with 7, Brooklyn with 2 and Manhattan with 1, according to the health department.
The number of Americans under supervision of state adult correctional systems has fallen to the lowest level in a decade, the federal government said Tuesday, while the number of people serving time in federal prison fell for the first time in more than three decades.
Data from the Bureau of Justice Statistics [pdf] showed 6,899,000 adults were under supervision of various adult correctional systems at the end of 2013, the last year for which figures are available. The number of adults under supervision includes those who are incarcerated, on parole or probation.
The total number declined by 41,500 from the end of 2012, and it represented the first time since 2003 that the number fell below 6.9 million. About one in every 35 adults was under some form of correctional supervision at the end of 2013, unchanged from the previous year. That rate is the lowest it's been since 1997. The total incarceration rate has fallen, too, from about one in every 100 adults to one in every 110 adults.
Adam Gelb, director of the Public Safety Performance Project at the Pew Charitable Trusts, called that decline significant. States have reported an uptick in the number of inmates they hold this year, though further reforms to the criminal justice system could lower those numbers over the long term.
The drop in prison populations came almost entirely from declines in the number of adults under community supervision and the number of inmates housed in local jails. At the end of 2013, 2,220,000 inmates were being housed in prisons or jails, down 11,000 from the year before.
Last year marked the sixth consecutive year the number of supervised adults had decreased, since reaching a peak in 2007. Still, prison populations remain near an all-time high: More than 1.5 million inmates are housed in state or federal prisons, and another 731,000 reside in local jails. The local jail population fell by 13,000 inmates over the previous year.
The total prison and jail populations have increased 1.2 percent per year since 2000, the Bureau reported, though it reported declines over the last six years. The federal prison population has led the growth, rising from almost 134,000 in 2000 to 205,700 today, while state prison populations have grown by a much smaller percentage.
Texas houses the highest number of prisoners in state prisons and local jails, at 221,800. California, at 218,800 inmates, is close behind. But Georgia has the highest number of residents under some form of supervision, with 536,200 residents on probation or parole. Combined with the 91,600 inmates in Georgia's state and local prison and jail system, that means 8,290 out of every 100,000 Georgia adults are under some form of supervision by the state, far higher than any other state.
Maine, where just 980 adults per 100,000 are under some form of supervision, had the lowest rate in the country.
As prison populations spiked in the 1990s and 2000s, states have had to shell out billions to pay for infrastructure and housing costs. In recent years, those states have begun experimenting with new ways to reduce crime rates and the number of inmates who make their way into the system.
In Texas, a series of reforms implemented seven years ago has reversed the explosive growth of the inmate population. To counter the huge number of former inmates who returned to jail after violating parole, the state implemented reforms in 2007 that created hundreds of new beds in drug treatment programs with names like the In-Prison Therapeutic Treatment and Substance Abuse Felony Punishment Facilities.
Some probation violators could be sent to intermediate sanction facilities, a step lower than prison, aimed at getting an offender's attention without locking them up. More slots were set aside in outpatient treatment programs for criminals sentenced to probation.
Pre-trial diversion programs for those suffering from mental illnesses, overseen by officers who specialize in mental health and drug treatment, helped more people avoid jail.
The reforms have saved the state at least $3 billion to date, according to some estimates.
But reform advocates say there is much more states could do to cut their prison populations, including reforming sentencing guidelines they say put criminals away far longer than their crimes deserve.
“The prison population is determined by two things: How many people go in the front door, and how long they stay,” said Michele Deitch, a senior lecturer at the Lyndon Baines Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas. “I think we need to be asking ourselves why we still feel this pull toward incredibly long sentences.”
REUTERS/Tobias Schwarz 2015 is far from over, but already we've seen some breathtaking scientific discoveries, advancements, and policy decisions.
Scientists have developed a game-changing, minimally invasive brain-implant that could lead to better treatment options for people with Parkinson's disease or other neurological disorders, and even to brain enhancement for healthy people.
We found out scientists in China edited the genome of human embryos for the first time in history (which may one day be on lists of either the biggest discoveries or biggest mistakes in the 21st century).
Meanwhile, in the United Kingdom, lawmakers voted to allow couples with certain genetic disorders to have a procedure done that would create children with three biological parents.
Scientist Hashem AL-ghaili pulled together 30 of the most exciting and potentially groundbreaking pieces of scientific work of 2015 so far in an infographic for Futurism.com with help from the Reddit channel Futurology.
We've republished the graphic here with permission, but you can get the story behind each discovery by clicking through Futurism's interactive version.
CLOSE Dierks Bentley, Blake Shelton and Alan Jackson are among stars who have bars, or plans for bars, downtown. Karen Grigsby / The Tennessean
Buy Photo As Nashville's entertainment district has evolved into a worldwide tourist destination, downtown parking rates have risen, and musicians have especially felt the impact. (Photo: Larry McCormack / File / The Tennessean )Buy Photo
Tootsie, Robert and Layla.
Music lovers around the world know these names. They're seen by anyone who's paid a visit to Nashville's Lower Broadway — and its famed stretch of “honky-tonk” live music bars like Tootsie's Orchid Lounge, Robert's Western World and Layla's Bluegrass Inn.
But all of a sudden, they might not be the biggest names on the block.
Across the street on Lower Broadway sits the new A.J.'s Good Time Bar and Grill, owned by Alan Jackson. And he's about to have some neighbors.
Later this year, Dierks Bentley's Whiskey Row bar/restaurant will open at 400 Broadway in Nashville, and will span four stories and three stages. John Rich has revealed plans to open his Redneck Riviera bar between Second and Third avenues. Blake Shelton will join them in 2018 with Ole Red, a massive joint venture with Ryman Hospitality.
These are big business moves — the $20 million Ole Red is the most expensive entertainment project in the area since Bridgestone Arena — capitalizing on Nashville's robust tourism market. But it's also a sentimental move for a star like Bentley, who frequented Lower Broadway 15 years ago.
“If someone comes to Nashville and they want to see the city, that's the first place I'm going to take them,” he told The Tennessean. “That's where it all starts. That's where dreamers are coming to get on a stage and sing.”
'We want staying power'
Still, while it's a homecoming for these stars, people like Layla's owner Layla Vartanian never left. She founded the bar in 1997 and performs on its stage every Saturday afternoon with her band, Yesterday's Makeup.
“The other day, I was telling (the audience), 'I'm not Dierks Bentley, I'm not Blake Shelton, but I'm Layla, and I'm here,' " she recalled.
“People from the crowd said, 'Yeah, that's because you're better.' ”
But Vartanian wants to keep the peace with her new neighbors. She's confident that Layla's will continue to thrive, as it attracts an audience of “leaders, not followers.”
“You can go to Margaritaville in any town. You can't go to Layla's, Robert's or Second Fiddle in any other city. These are one-of-a-kind places.”
Ole Red, on the other hand, is already planning a second location in Shelton's hometown of Tishomingo, Okla., with the hope of additional locations in the future. Nashville's Whiskey Row will be the fourth location — the other three are in Bentley's home state of Arizona. To some observers, these celebrity-endorsed spots threaten to make Lower Broad look more like a musical theme park.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Eat Drink Nashville newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Eating and drinking, that's what Nashville does! (Well, and music.) Come here for the latest news and trends. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-342-8237. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Eat Drink Nashville Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Believe it or not, the city's head of tourism understands that worry.
“I think the people that are concerned about that are exactly right,” said Butch Spyridon, president of the Nashville Convention & Visitors Corp.
“I think it's wise for the artists not to put their names on the bars. To have an affiliation, to create the aura that, who knows: Blake may be there or Dierks may be there. It adds to the allure. But if we get into 'Blake Shelton's Bar' and 'Dierks,' ' then it starts to (sound) trendy, kitschy, not as authentic.”
Spyridon says that "fortunately" he hasn't heard of any other country stars planning to jump on the bandwagon of Lower Broadway bars.
“Trends are not good. We want staying power. We want to be able to last. We've had great conversations with Dierks' development team about how to last, and some things that maybe would work in Phoenix that aren't going to work here. And they were very receptive to that. I think Dierks is the kind of guy, the way he came up through the ranks, I think he wants to deliver that experience. I'll be more surprised if Blake plays his club than I will if Dierks plays his.”
For their part, Ryman Hospitality aims for Ole Red to have “staying power” as an entertainment brand. As it revealed its plans in Nashville earlier this month, Ryman Hospitality Chairman and CEO Colin Reed contrasted it with Planet Hollywood — a theme restaurant chain that boomed in the ‘90s before closing most of its locations (including one on Lower Broadway).
“They exploded in popularity with the belief that Arnold Schwarzenegger was going to walk in the door,” he said. “They served lousy food, and Arnold never turned up, and the brand went in the toilet. This is not going to be that way. We're going to have great food, great beverage, great retail, and we're going to make sure that (Shelton's) persona is central to this business.”
“There are similar venues to this, I think, around the country, but this one's special,” Shelton said. “It's gonna be an experience. You're just gonna want to say you've been there.”
Johnny, George, Patsy
Beyond the bars, big country music names also have helped spur on a new cottage industry of museums in downtown Nashville. The Johnny Cash Museum has thrived since opening on Third Avenue South in 2013.
As the museum prepares to celebrate its fourth anniversary in May, owner Bill Miller says it's become a “destination” for fans around the world.
“There's no name in country music that is more recognized internationally than Johnny Cash,” he said. “But now they're coming to us directly. We're the destination now, and we're benefiting other attractions. That's very gratifying.”
By 2015, Miller had a bit of competition from the George Jones Entertainment Complex and Museum, which recently came under new ownership. Miller is now preparing to open a second museum in March, dedicated to country legend Patsy Cline.
“I choose my legends carefully,” he said. “I'm not trying to be cynical or anything like that, but we want people that are respected and recognized on a global basis.”
Miller also has moved into the bar business with a Lower Broadway establishment that's themed around another country legend: suit designer Nudie Cohn. Nudie's Honky Tonk opened in November and features several of Cohn's famed “Nudie Suits” as well as his $400,000 Cadillac El Dorado.
“Most Friday and Saturday nights are jam packed, on both floors,” Miller said. “We're really happy and encouraged by the response.”
After 20 years on Lower Broadway, Vartanian said Layla's Bluegrass Inn has never been busier either. Even as she compares the larger bars entering the scene to “Wal-Marts,” she believes they're good for the street — and she knows she's not going anywhere.
“I'm very proud of what I have,” she said. “It's my place. It's my name on it. I built it. I started it from the ground up, and it's just not some famous musician's name on a place to try to attract people to get in. It's real.”
Reach Dave Paulson at 615-644-2278 and on Twitter at @ItsDavePaulson.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2kwAeSu
The story said that the Senate Intelligence Committee was examining the fund and that Mr. Scaramucci had met with the head of the fund, Kirill Dmitriev, several days before Mr. Trump's inauguration. It also said the Treasury Department had been looking into the meeting at the request of two Democratic senators, who had expressed concern that Mr. Scaramucci might have promised to help get sanctions against Russia waived by the new administration.
The story was written by Thomas Frank, who had been a Pulitzer Prize finalist at USA Today. But Mr. Scaramucci, who was jockeying for a position in the White House, disputed the information when CNN contacted him for comment, according to a person close to Mr. Scaramucci; the story quoted Mr. Scaramucci as saying “there is nothing there,” in reference to his meeting with Mr. Dmitriev.
Mr. Lichtblau was editing the article and, according to the people with direct knowledge of the events, he sent a draft of the story to Lex Haris, the head of the investigative unit. Mr. Haris, who was traveling to Phoenix for a conference, signed off — as long as the story passed muster with CNN's internal review system, known as the Triad.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story DealBook DealBook delivers the news driving the markets and the conversation. Delivered weekday mornings and afternoons. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Recaptcha requires verification. I'm not a robot reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. See Sample
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime
The Triad includes CNN's fact-checkers and its standards team, both of which approved the article. But the third prong, the legal department, had at least one question that went unanswered.
It is not clear what specific concerns the legal department raised, or why Mr. Lichtblau and Mr. Haris did not address them; journalists at CNN said it was sometimes difficult to keep track of the flurry of inquiries that could come during the review process. (Mr. Frank, Mr. Haris and Mr. Lichtblau declined to comment for this story.)
Mr. Lichtblau moved forward with publication. He emailed an editor affiliated with KFile, Kyle Blaine, who had not been involved in the story, and instructed him to publish it on his behalf.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When the story was posted that afternoon, it received little attention — inside the newsroom and out. But Mr. Scaramucci and his representatives quickly contacted CNN officials, including the network's Washington bureau chief, Sam Feist, to complain. It was an “all hands on deck'' rebuttal, said the person familiar with Mr. Scaramucci's response.
Breitbart News, a frequent critic of CNN, soon posted an item that questioned CNN's reporting, and called the network's story “very fake news.'' Citing its own source, Breitbart said there was no Senate investigation.
When CNN managers began to review the piece, they discovered the legal department's concerns — and that they had not been addressed. They also realized a factual error had slipped through the fact-checking process; it was a technicality related to a Russian bank's relationship to the fund, but managers found it to have been a troubling lapse.
And there was a more problematic issue, two people familiar with the review said.
Mr. Frank's single source had wavered before the story was published, expressing concern about how the information was being presented. But Mr. Frank had not relayed that hesitancy to his colleagues.
Between Mr. Frank's wavering source and the discovery of breakdowns in the editorial vetting process, executives concluded that the network could not stand behind the story. The day after the article was published, CNN removed it from its website and issued a formal retraction and an apology to Mr. Scaramucci.
“That story did not meet CNN's editorial standards,” the network wrote
Still, it is unclear to what degree the story was inaccurate. CNN has never said that the article's reporting was incorrect, and Mr. Zucker made clear on a morning conference call, soon after the retraction, that the network would not go back and report the story again.
Some journalists inside and outside the network said privately that they believed the story was materially true. But the story also suffered from a lack of clarity. A reader could easily come away with the impression that Mr. Scaramucci himself was under investigation for some kind of illicit dealings with the Russians — an assertion that the article does not explicitly make.
Significant Consequences
The fallout came quickly. The day after the retraction, Rich Barbieri, the editor of CNN's business and finance site, sent his team an email barring the publication of “any content involving Russia” without editorial approval — “no exceptions.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As Breitbart News and other CNN critics gloated over the retraction, Mr. Zucker decided that stern action was necessary to demonstrate to its employees — and to the outside world — that the network would not tolerate such mistakes. The network asked Mr. Lichtblau, Mr. Haris and Mr. Frank to resign.
Photo Eric Lichtblau won a Pulitzer Prize at The New York Times before joining CNN. Mr. Lichtblau was the editor on the retracted story. Credit Marilynn K. Yee/The New York Times
The episode shocked many inside CNN and created anxiety in the newsroom. Some staff members said they thought the punishment had been overly harsh, a view expressed by some media commentators as well.
Though corrections are not uncommon for news organizations, full retractions are more unusual and typically signify major factual errors or ethical breaches. When news organizations do retract a story, they normally also make an effort to correct the record, and explain to the reader what went wrong. But the brief editor's note from CNN, some journalism experts said, provided more questions than answers.
“CNN failed in its duty to enlighten the public,” said Edward Wasserman, the dean of the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of California, Berkeley. “Instead, it muddied the waters to correct something and we don't know what it's correcting.”
Mr. Trump quickly seized on the resignations. He posted on Twitter the next morning, “Wow, CNN had to retract big story on ‘Russia,' with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!''
At CNN, executives took some time to regroup. Mr. Zucker vowed that the network would not be cowed by the Trump administration. After a reassessment period, CNN asked the investigative unit to resume its work. Its ranks have been replenished: new journalists have been brought on from other parts of CNN, and there is a new team leader in place, Matt Lait, a veteran former editor at The Los Angeles Times.
On Aug. 2, weeks after he informed the investigative team of the resignations, Mr. Burke, the CNN executive, convened another meeting — this time to outline the unit's refocused mission. The team would engage in longer-term reporting on national issues, with less focus on the White House. He affirmed that the unit should leave the Russia investigation story to CNN's staff in Washington.
Mr. Scaramucci, meanwhile, had been named Mr. Trump's communications director. His successful tangling with CNN was said to have greatly pleased the president. Before Mr. Scaramucci was himself forced out of the White House, he was overheard on a live television microphone referring to the retracted story and Mr. Zucker.
“He helped me get the job by hitting those guys,” Mr. Scaramucci said, referring to the resignations. He added, “Tell him he's not getting a placement fee for getting me the job.”
USA Today
What if, as part of its courting of Nick Saban, Texas was able to offer him an enormous salary—say $7 million a season—and ownership in a handful of gas stations spread throughout the state as a cherry on top?
What if—in an effort to keep Kevin Sumlin from dashing for the NFL—Texas A&M backed up a Brinks truck of guaranteed dollars and threw in a small percentage of ownership in a line of car dealerships spread throughout the Lone Star State?
Hypothetical? Certainly. Outrageous? Perhaps not anymore, or at the very least it appears to be where we're trending.
In a decidedly copycat sport—from uniforms, to scheduling, to salaries, to facilities—Rich Rodriguez's new contract at Arizona could serve as an icebreaker, a lightbulb moment for administrations and boosters to form an lucrative alliance.
The money, according to Sports Illustrated's Andy Staples, is just lovely by its lonesome. Rodriguez's new five-year contract will net him $2.2 million per season. This contract is also incentive-laced, including triggers like a $200,000 bonus for winning the Pac-12 South and a $1 million bonus for winning a national championship.
This is nothing groundbreaking, of course. Shoot-for-the-moon incentives have become a fixture in the coaching world, and the Rodriguez deal is no different. It's the other aspect of this contract, however, that could soon set a blueprint to follow, for better or worse. At one point in time, incentives were a trailblazing addition to coaching fine print. Now, such contract clauses could have company.
Ross D. Franklin/Associated Press
An Arizona donor has helped pad this deal further, offering up equity to Rodriguez, basketball coach Sean Miller and athletic director Greg Byrne. This “major university benefactor"—as outlined by the Board of Regents—has offered 500,000 units of a master limited partnership. Each unit is currently valued at $35.36 for a total of $17,680,000.
Rodriguez was granted 175,000 units of the 500,000, which equates to $6,188,000 right now. The only caveat for him to cash in on such options is that he has to stay at the school for eight years to receive this payout, whatever it becomes. If the price of the unit goes up in that time, his payout will go up; if the company struggles and the units drop in value, his payouts decrease.
Unlike any coaching contract until now—at least the deals being celebrated publicly—this fluctuating incentive is not tied to record or national championships. It's built on longevity, a strategic attempt to slow down the coaching carousel and keep the Wildcats coach on the same sideline a while longer.
It is both brilliant and vaguely alarming, mainly because there's no telling what's next. If there's one thing we know about this sport, it rarely stops with the first move. The one-upping is consistent and expected, and that could certainly be the case here.
As FootballScoop.com points out, universities around the country are playing close attention:
Rodriguez could, in theory, be among the wealthiest coaches in college football - with only a small portion of that wealth coming from Arizona's athletic budget. In talking with both coaches and agents within college football, there is no question how massive this contract clause could be within the profession. The word "game-changer" was used by multiple sources. It is impossible to overstate the proverbial eyebrow raise this news caused among college football's top-tier coaching ranks.
This sport has money buried in the mattress, tucked away in safes and stored out of sight in offshore accounts. It's not just the coaches, athletics directors and television money padding the pockets of school employees, either. It's the alums standing patiently on the sideline next to their Scrooge McDuck vaults, anxious to spend their money and perhaps buy a winning program.
It's why stadiums are being upgraded around the country at a greater pace than ever, why college locker rooms now have waterfalls and why football facilities are starting to look more like five-star hotels and less like buildings dedicated to collegiate athletics. The money is flowing—sometimes from relatively mysterious avenues—and teams are taking full advantage by spending it.
Even though booster impact has long been a part of college football, the ante has been upped in recent years. This latest move by Arizona brings the entities a little bit closer, however, and the results are to be determined.
Rick Scuteri/Associated Press
If wealthy donors are poised and willing to offer up equity in their companies to individuals, the entire coaching landscape could theoretically change. In a sport built on competitive advantages—i.e. whoever has the most money—this is just another way to widen the gap between those programs with remarkable means and everybody else.
On the bright side, this new-found equity could help stabilize the coaching carousel, which has become especially active and volatile in recent years. If coaches have a reason to stay, then perhaps they won't sprint from campus to campus as often.
Or, perhaps the booster involvement will escalate to the point where equity is now assumed in certain deals from certain teams—a part of the regular ol' pitch to coaches during the yearly reshuffle. That's where this brilliant endeavor could grow teeth.
It might not be a matter of where you are or how much your athletic department profited in a given season, but rather if you're on the good side of a one-percenter willing to share. At a time where the sport is becoming seemingly more corporate, the direct influence of corporations becoming the negotiators only elevates this to another level.
Perhaps what's most concerning, however, is that this sport rarely stops to admire moderation.
It doesn't stop with 500,000 shares, not when there are wealthy alums sitting quietly in the back willing to double this investment if and when the time is right. With as much money and resources as some of these wealthy donors have to offer—some of the wealthiest individuals in the world—there's no telling where this movement might take us.
If Rich Rodriguez—an outstanding college football coach—has already set a steep market, what happens when one of the nation's elite signal-callers and recruiters get involved?
We'll likely find out soon enough.
Out 1 Blu-ray Trailer Posted October 2, 2015 06:12 PM by Webmaster
Carlotta Films U.S. has sent us an official trailer for the upcoming Blu-ray release of Jacques Rivette's Out 1 (1971), starring Michèle Moretti, Hermine Karagheuz, Karen Puig, Jean-Pierre Léaud, and Michael Lonsdale. The release will be available for purchase in the United States on November 24.
Paris, April 13th 1970. Two theater groups each rehearse avant-garde adaptations of plays by Aeschylus. A young deaf-mute begs for change in cafés while playing the harmonica. A young woman seduces men in order to rob them. As a conspiracy develops, the protagonists' stories start to intertwine
Jacques Rivette, co-founder of the French New Wave along with Jean-Luc Godard, François Truffaut, Éric Rohmer and Claude Chabrol, has always been that group's most free-spirited and aesthetically radical member. This is very much on display in Out 1, his fourth feature film and magnum opus, in which a whimsical young man (Jean-Pierre Léaud) receives anonymous notes that put him on the trail of a mysterious group of people who might or might not be conspirators.
Based on an utterly unique concept that includes the absence of a script and nods to Honoré de Balzac and Lewis Carroll, Out 1 has been practically impossible to see for more than forty years. Both the complete 8-part series, Out 1: noli me tangere, and the shorter theatrical version, Out 1: Spectre, are offered here in newly restored 2K presentations supervised by the films' director of photography, Pierre-William Glenn (Day for Night). The colorful characters that Léaud encounters during his quest are played by Juliet Berto, Michael Lonsdale, Bernadette Lafont, Bulle Ogier, Françoise Fabian, Jean-François Stévenin and other New Wave icons, with special appearances by directors Éric Rohmer and Barbet Schroeder.
Out 1, an immensely involving, almost addictive blend of film, literature and theater, has rightly been hailed as the Holy Grail of modern French cinema!
Available for the FIRST TIME:
THE TWO VERSIONS OF "OUT 1"
"NOLI ME TANGERE" (1971 / 1990  8 EPISODES  775 MINUTES) AND
"SPECTRE" (1972  FEATURE FILM  264 MINUTES)
A NEW FULL-LENGTH DOCUMENTARY*
THE MYSTERIES OF PARIS: JACQUES RIVETTE'S "OUT 1" REVISITED directed by Robert Fischer and Wilfried Reichart (2015  COLOR  110 MINUTES)
Forty-five years after Out 1 was made, documentary filmmakers Robert Fischer and Wilfried Reichart interviewed cast and crew members and revisited some of the film's most significant locations. The Mysteries of Paris feature new contributions from actors Bulle Ogier, Michael Lonsdale and Hermine Karagheuz, director of photography Pierre-William Glenn, assistant director Jean-François Stévenin and producer Stéphane Tchal Gadjieff, rare archival interviews with actors Jacques Doniol-Valcroze and Michel Delahaye and, most prominently, illuminating statements by director Jacques Rivette himself.
AN EXCLUSIVE 120-PAGE BOOKLET
"OUT 1 AND ITS DOUBLE" (BILINGUAL ENGLISH / FRENCH)
FEATURING A NEW ESSAY BY JONATHAN ROSENBAUM (FILM SCHOLAR AND
JACQUES RIVETTE SPECIALIST), AND RARE ARCHIVAL TEXTS,
ILLUSTRATED BY ORIGINAL STILLS BY PHOTOGRAPHER PIERRE ZUCCA.
BOX SET TECHNICAL SPECS:
6 BD  MASTERED IN HIGH DEFINITION  1080/23.98p  AVC
French 1.0 PCM  English Subtitles
1.37:1 Original Aspect Ratio  Color + B&W
Total Running Time (Noli me tangere): 775 Minutes
Running Time (Spectre): 264 Minutes
7 DVD  MASTERED IN HIGH DEFINITION  NTSC  MPEG-2
French 1.0 Dolby Digital  English Subtitles
1.33:1 Original Aspect Ratio  4:3  Color + B&W
Total Running Time (Noli me tangere): 775 Minutes
Running Time (Spectre): 264 Minutes
OUT 1: NOLI ME TANGERE" AND "OUT 1: SPECTRE" WERE RESTORED BY TECHNICOLOR,
FOR SUNSHINE, WITH THE SUPPORT OF THE CNC
THE COLOR GRADING WAS SUPERVISED BY PIERRE-WILLIAM GLENN, AFC
Source: Blu-ray.com | Permalink | [Country settings]
Sort by popularity Sort by date
Bates_Motel Oct 02, 2015 Maybe the greatest blu-ray release ever.
DavidDR Oct 02, 2015 How is this set different from Arrow's that's due out around the same time? http://www.arrowfilms.co.uk/shop/index.php?route=product/product&product_id=603 diceman89 Oct 02, 2015 @DavidDR
I don't know if there are any differences transfer-wise, but the Arrow set also comes with Duelle, Noirot, and Merry-Go-Round. Here's more about the special features for it: http://www.arrowfilms.co.uk/shop/index.php?route=product/product&keyword=jacq&product_id=603%22
jirukko Oct 03, 2015 @DavidDR
The Arrow set is the same (OUT1 two versions: noli me tangere and spectre, and documentary "The Mysteries of Paris") but include 2 more films: Duelle (une quarantaine) and Noroît. 3 films total. Top contributor Yami Oct 05, 2015 @jirukko - The Arrow set also has Merry-Go-Round
jirukko Oct 06, 2015 @Yami
You're right! Thank you!!! 4 films total.
Add comment
Please login to post a comment.
By just about any rookie standards, Boston Celtics forward Jaylen Brown had a highly successful 2016-17 season.
Brown quickly proved himself valuable to Brad Stevens and the Celtics, demonstrating an athletic physical profile that made him a versatile defensive weapon. His shot developed throughout the season, finishing 34.1 percent from behind the arc as opposed to 29 percent behind the shorter college line in his one season at California. He played meaningful playoff minutes for a team that made the Eastern Conference Finals.
But Brown wants considerably more, and after the Celtics completed a deal that sent Avery Bradley to the Detroit Pistons, he might have a bigger opportunity.
He sure sounds ready.
"I'm using Summer League to get better, I'm using Summer League to prove a point," Brown told CSNNE's Abby Chin on Thursday.
What point, exactly? Brown hesitated for a second and appeared to choose his words carefully.
"That I want to be someone who can add and contribute, and be a playmaker on this team right away," he said. "I don't want to wait two, three, four years down the line. I think I'm ready now, and I'm going to continue to get better to show that I'm better now."
The implication here seems to be that Brown wants more than the 17.2 minutes per game he received last season, and it's certainly possible he gets them. Bradley's departure leaves a hole in the Celtics' starting lineup, and Brad Stevens made it clear that he sees positionless basketball as the future. Under Stevens' designation, there are three real positions: Wings, bigs and ball-handlers. Isaiah Thomas is clearly the team's ball-handler, while Gordon Hayward can provide minutes alongside him as well.
Brown, meanwhile, could potentially slot into some dangerous lineups as a wing -- lineups that could even start games. For instance, Thomas, Brown, Hayward, Crowder, Horford would be small-ball only in theory -- the trio of Brown, Hayward and Crowder would be long-armed and strong, able to contain penetration and switch almost any screen. Brown's versatility and defensive awareness, especially with Thomas on the floor, will likely buy him more minutes next season.
It's interesting, however, that Brown feels he can "prove a point" in Summer League. After all, he proved to the league that he belonged by posting nearly 14 relatively efficient points and seven rebounds per 36 minutes as a rookie, and by breaking through into the playoff rotation for a conference finalist. Why does Brown think he needs to play meaningless games in July to prove a point about regular-season minutes?
There are a couple of possibilities. Before the 2016 draft, there were some weird whispers about Brown that implied basketball might not be his top priority. The whispers were, of course, ridiculous -- dumb narratives that largely existed because Brown likes chess and because one executive before the draft called him "too smart for the league." Perhaps Brown feels the need to prove he is all about basketball 365 days out of the year, despite Boston's obvious confidence in him.
It's also possible that Brown sees an opportunity to show the Celtics the laundry list of untapped skills he possesses. Last season, he was an off-ball threat -- either cutting backdoor, getting out in transition or working on his 3-point shot. At Summer League, Brown is often the primary ball-handler -- looking to take defenders off the bounce and get to the rim himself. He is also far more likely to be able to isolate -- whether from the wing or as a post-up threat. Brown may want the Celtics to see work he has put into various skill sets that he didn't feel he had a chance to flex last year, and the ways those skills could fit in with the current roster.
The results have been mixed. In his first game, Brown dominated the 76ers -- posting 29 points and 13 rebounds, while burying deep 3-pointers comfortably. He also blocked Sixers star rookie Markelle Fultz at the rim to end the game, putting an exclamation point on a marquee performance. His second game was less impressive -- six points, eight rebounds (a good number) and four turnovers, including an 0-for-4 performance from deep.
The Celtics, of course, aren't going to be particularly worried about Summer League stats. They will want to see signs of progress from Brown's game, and those exist. He looks more comfortable handling the ball (despite high turnover totals), and his jumper continues to look smoother and smoother.
And in any case, Brown is likely to get his wish. He will get more minutes in 2017-18, and his role will increase dramatically. Whether the Celtics give him a chance to fully prove whatever his point might be, or whether they shut him down to avoid an injury, the Bradley trade -- and the team's steadfast refusal to include him in reported trade talks -- made it clear that Brown is a key part of Danny Ainge's vision for the future.
Well I believe I know why Paramount decided to delay the release of this film from last June to March of this year. Their excuse was that they wanted to add 3D effects to the film but rumors were all over the internet that they also wanted to beef up Channing Tatum's role. Those excuses were credible but I think the real reason why they delayed it from a Summer release to Spring is because the film is pretty bad. I'm assuming some executives high up in the food chain saw it and realized they have a turkey on their hands and didn't want to spend more money promoting it in the busy and competitive Summer movie season.
The film picks up right where the first one ended, if you remember Zartan (Arnold Vosloo) who masqueraded as the US President, is still in charge of the White House, while the real President (Jonathan Pryce) is being kept captive at a secret place. Duke (Channing Tatum) is now the captain of the elite squad G.I. Joe. His second in command is Roadblock (Dwayne Johnson), a new addition to the franchise. As the film begins, the Joe team is being tasked by the President to retrieve a nuclear bomb from a terrorist group somewhere in Afghanistan. They succeeded but later the entire Joe team got ambush and only a few of them survived. I'm not gonna go into more details about the plot and to be honest, who really cares right? You go into this kind of film for the action, not the plot. Also, returning to the franchise are fans favorite Snake Eyes (Ray Park) and his nemesis Storm Shadow (Byung-hun Lee). There's a subplot that involves Storm Shadow and Zartan that didn't make a lick of sense, but again who cares.
Not returning to the franchise is director Stephen Sommers, stepping in behind the cameras this time is Jon Chu, whose previous films were Step Up 2 and 3 and he also directed a bunch of music videos. Upon landing the directing gig for this film, Chu said he wanted to make sequel more realistic and grounded. Well I guess he achieved that, but unfortunately it didn't work for the film. I thought by making the movie more *realistic,* it took away all the fun and it bored me to death. Seriously, for an action picture, the film just dragged on and on and on. The action scenes weren't exciting or original. In the first film, the action scenes were over-the-top but at least those sequences were fun to watch. Chu also doesn't know how to build up tension, it seemed the action just happens for no reason than to include the action, maybe he thought people would get bored if he doesn't pepper the film with fight/shoot-out scenes.
Then there's the 3D, wow seriously this was probably the worst 3D conversion I've seen so far and trust me I've seen a lot of bad ones. If you really want to see this movie, I highly recommend you see it in 2D. The film has a ton of action and fast movements so it'll give you a headache if you see it in 3D. I think the only sequence that worked in 3D was the scene where Snake Eyes and his side kick battles a bunch of ninjas on the mountains. Other than that scene, there's no reason for this film to be shown in that format.
You're probably wondering why I haven't mentioned Bruce Willis yet. Well to be honest, I don't why he even agreed to star in the film. He didn't have much to do nor appear on screen that long. I guess Mr. McClane will accept any role they offer him these days [shrug]
It's only March but I'm quite sure G.I. Joe: Retaliation will make it to my top WORST film of the year. My recommendation is to save your money and maybe rent it if you're feeling bored on some weekend. Or better yet, wait 'til it airs on TV so you don't even have to pay for it.
…
– Review by Ted S.
…
1 out of 5 reels
Well, did you see the movie? What did you think?
Advertisements
Even with "erasable" ink in the works, we're still a ways off from risk-free tattooing. Put needle to skin and you're committing yourself to pain both in application and removal, not to mention a (mostly) permanent appliqué. Making the decision to get inked shouldn't be taken lightly, and French graphic designer Loic Zimmerman really weighed his choices. He created a 3-D rendering of himself tatted with his design to see just how he'd look with a 3/4 arm piece.
To make his CG bad self, Zimmerman went to French gaming and motion-capture studio Quantic Dream to get a 3-D scan of himself. He then imported the patches and rebuilt his virtual self back at home. He used an exported UV set of the section of his body to be tattooed as a guideline in Photoshop to fit and enhance his tattoo design. Check out the comments here to see a visual step-by-step of the process.
It would be really rad if in the future tattoo shops offer this type of rendering for people thinking of getting large pieces. It would help both the tattooee imagine themselves with the artwork and the tattooer see how the piece needs to be adjusted for body shape and angles.
See also:
[via PSFK]
Vesa Lehtimäki has loved "Star Wars" since he was 10 years old. He saw the original movie in its first theatrical run back in 1977. "For my generation, that's like Woodstock," Lehtimäki told Business Insider. He says he should get a T-shirt with the text "Star Wars 1977 theater run: I was there." In 2015, the Finnish photographer released a book, "Small Scenes from a Big Galaxy," that depicts iconic movie moments from the "Star Wars" universe — in Lego form. Lehtimäki shared some of his breathtaking images with us. Follow him on Instagram for more. Slides View As: One Page
Vesa Lehtimäki said he had no idea how much money he had dropped on Lego toys — and preferred to keep it that way. (It's a lot, according to the Finnish photographer and father.)
He began shooting his kid's toys in 2009, reigniting his love of the "Star Wars" franchise.
Eventually, Lehtimäki started buying duplicate sets of the "Star Wars" ships so he wouldn't have to rebuild them after playtime.
"I like the limitations of Lego," Lehtimäki told Business Insider. "Seven points of articulation on a mini-figure is not a lot to work with."
His most photographed figurine is the Snowtrooper, which has only six points of articulation (two hands, two arms, and two legs). "Its head doesn't turn because of the helmet," Lehtimäki said. "I compare that figure to the deadpan character of Buster Keaton."
When it comes to choosing a scene to recreate, Lehtimäki goes with his gut. "Sometimes an idea just pops into my head and I go after it with the camera," he said.
Here, a Jawa encounters a bot on his native planet of Tatooine. The Sandcrawler behind him looks just like the one in "Star Wars: A New Hope."
And in this photo, some Ewoks are holding a jam session with Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes, the alien group that plays in the famous cantina scene.
Lehtimäki photographs Lego toys in his basement or on the living-room table during the dark winter months. The daylight is too harsh in his photos.
Many of Lehtimäki's photographs are set in a snowy landscape, reminiscent of the fictional ice planet Hoth.
He substitutes baking powder for snow and uses figurines to make tracks in the snow so it looks realistic.
"With the snow photos, I'm not only photographing them, in a way, I get to be a member of the audience," he said. He sets up the shot so that "snow" falls when the camera shutters.
"But when I upload the images to my computer, I briefly switch from being a photographer to looking at the shoot with fresh eyes," he said. "It's often very exciting to find the minutiae of details that make one frame stand out."
One of the best tricks in his bag is manipulating the air with smoke, a technique used in movies to make actors pop off the background. He often burns paper.
"Lego is something a great number of people are familiar with," Lehtimäki said. "It's interesting to work with something so many people know inside out."
Even if there comes a day when the world completely stops emitting greenhouse gases into the atmosphere, coastal regions and island nations will continue to experience rising sea levels for centuries afterward, according to a new study by researchers at MIT and Simon Fraser University.
In a paper published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the researchers report that warming from short-lived compounds — greenhouse gases such as methane, chlorofluorocarbons, or hydrofluorocarbons, that linger in the atmosphere for just a year to a few decades — can cause sea levels to rise for hundreds of years after the pollutants have been cleared from the atmosphere.
“If you think of countries like Tuvalu, which are barely above sea level, the question that is looming is how much we can emit before they are doomed. Are they already slated to go under, even if we stopped emitting everything tomorrow?” says co-author Susan Solomon, the Ellen Swallow Richards Professor of Atmospheric Chemistry and Climate Science at MIT. “It's all the more reason why it's important to understand how long climate changes will last, and how much more sea-level rise is already locked in.”
Solomon's co-authors are lead author Kirsten Zickfeld of Simon Fraser University and Daniel Gilford, a graduate student in MIT's Department of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences.
Short stay, long rise
Recent studies by many groups, including Solomon's own, have shown that even if human-caused emissions of carbon dioxide were to stop entirely, their associated atmospheric warming and sea-level rise would continue for more than 1,000 years. These effects — essentially irreversible on human timescales — are due in part to carbon dioxide's residence time: The greenhouse gas can stay in the atmosphere for centuries after it's been emitted from smokestacks and tailpipes.
In contrast to carbon dioxide, other greenhouse gases such as methane and chlorofluorocarbons have much shorter lifetimes. However, previous studies have not specified what their long-term effects may be on sea-level rise. To answer this question, Solomon and her colleagues explored a number of climate scenarios using an Earth Systems Model of Intermediate Complexity, or EMIC, a computationally efficient climate model that simulates ocean and atmospheric circulation to project climate changes over decades, centuries, and millenia.
With the model, the team calculated both the average global temperature and sea-level rise, in response to anthropogenic emissions of carbon dioxide, methane, chlorofluorocarbons, and hydrofluorocarbons.
The researchers' estimates for carbon dioxide agreed with others' predictions and showed that, even if the world were to stop emitting carbon dioxide starting in 2050, up to 50 percent of the gas would remain in the atmosphere more than 750 years afterward. Even after carbon dioxide emissions cease, sea-level rise should continue to increase, measuring twice the level of 2050 estimates for 100 years, and four times that value for another 500 years.
The reason, Solomon says, is due to “ocean inertia”: As the world warms due to greenhouse gases — carbon dioxide included — waters heat up and expand, causing sea levels to rise. Removing the extra ocean heat caused by even short-lived gases, and consequently lowering sea levels, is an extremely slow process.
“As the heat goes into the ocean, it goes deeper and deeper, giving you continued thermal expansion,” Solomon explains. “Then it has to get transferred back to the atmosphere and emitted back into space to cool off, and that's a very slow process of hundreds of years.”
Stemming tides
In one particular climate modeling scenario, the team evaluated sea level's response to various methane emissions scenarios, in which the world would continue to emit the gas at current rates, until emissions end entirely in three different years: 2050, 2100, and 2150.
In all three scenarios, methane gas quickly cleared from the atmosphere, and its associated atmospheric warming decreased at a similar rate. However, methane continued to contribute to sea-level rise for centuries afterward. What's more, they found that the longer the world waits to reduce methane emissions, the longer seas will stay elevated.
“Amazingly, a gas with a 10-year lifetime can actually cause enduring sea-level changes,” Solomon says. “So you don't just get to stop emitting and have everything go back to a preindustrial state. You are going to live with this for a very long time.”
The researchers found one silver lining in their analyses: Curious as to whether past regulations on pollutants have had a significant effect on sea-level rise, the team focused on perhaps the most successful global remediation effort to date — the Montreal Protocol, an international treaty ratified by 197 countries in 1989, that effectively curbed emissions of ozone-depleting compounds worldwide.
Encouragingly, the researchers found that the Montreal Protocol, while designed to protect the ozone layer by phasing out pollutants such as chlorofluorocarbons — has also helped stem rising seas. If the Montreal Protocol had not been ratified, and countries had continued to emit chlorofluorocarbons to the atmosphere, the researchers found that by 2050, the world would have experienced up to an additional 6 inches of sea-level rise.
“Half a foot is pretty significant,” Solomon says. “It's yet another tremendous reason why the Montreal Protocol has been a pretty good thing for the planet.”
In their paper's conclusion, the researchers point out that efforts to curb global warming should not be expected to reverse high seas quickly, and that longer-term impacts from sea-level rise should be seriously considered: “The primary policy conclusion of this study is that the long-lasting nature of sea-level rise heightens the importance of earlier mitigation actions.”
This research was supported, in part, by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, and NASA.
Extending An Object's API With Delegation In Kotlin
12 Dec 2017
Task: Expose extra API methods for an object.
Methods:
Derive a new class from the class of that object, implement the extra functionality, make a new object from that new class. This method is suitable in cases where the new class has an “is-a” relationship with the actual class. In case you do not have access to the code that controls the actual class, you cannot be sure that it is not final . In that case you cannot use this method. Define a new class that implements the interface of the original class and delegate the object to this new class. This enables us to “copy” all the functionality from the delegated object, saving us from implementing the methods in its interface on our own. Use Extension Functions. This is the best method in case you do not need to store any state for the added methods.
Let us take a look at an example. We want to implement a FrequencyMap<K, Int> built upon the MutableMap<K, V> interface. This frequency map exposes new methods add(element: K, freq: Int) , to add a new element with a frequency or increment the frequency of that element by an amount freq if the element already exists, add(vararg pairs: Pair<K, Int>) to do the same thing using multiple pairs of elements and their frequencies, and remove(element: K, freq: Int) to reduce the frequency of an element by an amount freq or remove it if the frequency goes below 1.
We cannot use the first method directly because the MutableMap<K, V> interface does not have any default methods (forcing us to implement all the methods in it). The mutableMapOf<K, V> method returns a java.util.LinkedHashMap<K, V> type of object. This means that to use the first method, we need to derive from the java.util.LinkedHashMap<K, V> class.
Let us use the second method to implement the FrequencyMap . We implement it as:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 package utils class FrequencyMap < K , Int >( private val b : MutableMap < K , kotlin . Int >) : MutableMap < K , kotlin . Int > by b { fun add ( key : K , freq : kotlin . Int = 1 ) { b . computeIfPresent ( key ) { _ , b -> b + freq } b . putIfAbsent ( key , freq ) } fun add ( vararg pairs : Pair < K , kotlin . Int >) { for ( pair in pairs ) { val ( key , freq ) = pair add ( key , freq ) } } fun removeFreq ( key : K , freq : kotlin . Int = 1 ) { if ( b . get ( key ) == null || freq < 1 ) return else if ( b . get ( key ) !! - freq < 1 ) b . remove ( key ) b . computeIfPresent ( key ) { _ , b -> b - freq } } }
Here our class implements the MutableMap<K, V> interface and takes another object b as an instantiation variable that has implemented that interface and use its methods to avoid having to implement methods of MutableMap<K, V> on our own. This delegation happens using the by keyword in Kotlin. We can then add extra methods to work on that object. We drive the above code in these two ways:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 package main import utils.FrequencyMap fun main ( args : Array < String >) { val mutableMapOne = mutableMapOf < Int , Int >() val freqMapOne = FrequencyMap < Int , Int >( mutableMapOne ) freqMapOne . add ( 1 , 3 ) freqMapOne . add ( 1 , 2 ) freqMapOne . add ( Pair ( 2 , 2 )) freqMapOne . removeFreq ( 2 , 2 ) println ( "FrequencyMap generated from MutableMap" ) for ( i in freqMapOne ) println ( i ) val mutableMapTwo = mutableMapOf < Int , Int >() FrequencyMap < Int , Int >( mutableMapTwo ). add ( 3 , 4 ) println ( "Using methods of FrequencyMap directly on MutableMap" ) for ( i in mutableMapTwo ) println ( i ) }
Which prints out:
FrequencyMap generated from MutableMap 1=5 Using methods of FrequencyMap directly on MutableMap 3=4
The type of freqMapOne is FrequencyMap<Int, Int> while the type of mutableMapTwo remains MutableMap<Int, Int> . The second way is preferable because two FrequencyMap<K, V> objects cannot be compared using the equals method inherited from the MutableMap<Int, Int> object. If we use the first way, we have to implement an equals method on our own that compares by value, not by reference. In the second way, the type of object remains the same, allowing us to use its equals .
Delegation can be used to implement multiple inheritance too! For example, if our FrequencyMap is a weird combination of a MutableMap and a Map , we can implement it as:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 package utils class FrequencyMap < K , Int >( private val b : MutableMap < K , kotlin . Int >, private val c : Map < K , kotlin . Int >) : MutableMap < K , kotlin . Int > by b , Map < K , kotlin . Int > by c { // Do something with b and c }
But now we need to implement all the conflicting methods (present in both MutableMap and Map ) in FrequencyMap to avoid conflicts. Also note that only interfaces can be delegated to, so you cannot use this syntax to combine methods from MutableMap interface and the String class. In that case, it is better to use extension functions.
Delegation is nothing but a form of composition.
CLEVELAND -- Kevin Love suffered a right corneal abrasion in the Cleveland Cavaliers' win Wednesday night, putting into question his status for Thursday's game against the Chicago Bulls.
Love was struck in the right eye by Mario Chalmers in the third quarter of the Cavs' 113-93 win over the Miami Heat and did not return to the game.
He is officially listed as questionable for Thursday night's game against the Bulls.
"It was blurry for about 20, 30 minutes, but I was able to regain my vision and feel fine now," Love said after the game. "So I'm just happy that we were able to sustain the lead and get the win."
Editor's Picks Embracing past, LeBron grips bright future With his old Heat teammates in town, LeBron James and the Cavs had winning fun like the old champs, a good sign for Cleveland, Dave McMenamin writes.
He said it was a scary moment.
"It always is," he said. "That happens throughout the course of a season to a couple guys; it just happened to be me tonight."
The contact occurred when Love was battling for a defensive rebound with 9:48 to go in the third quarter. He immediately covered his face and made his way toward the Cavs' bench, where he rested on the floor while being evaluated by trainer Stephen Spiro.
Love eventually was helped to his feet by several teammates and headed to the locker room.
While being attended to in the locker room, he tried on protective goggles that he potentially could wear against the Bulls.
"I'm not opposed to it, but I'd like to go as I am now [without them]," he said. "But we'll see."
The injury is the latest challenge for Love after offensive struggles and a social media saga stemming from a LeBron James tweet.
Love finished with 12 points on 5-for-8 shooting, six rebounds and four assists against the Heat.
The seven-year veteran was coming off a season-high 32 points Sunday after an extended slump and was able to impact the Miami game before his night was cut short.
"I thought Kevin was terrific," Cavs coach David Blatt said. "I thought he was the best player on the court until he went down -- passing, shooting, defending, rebounding. Really being a big part of what we were doing during the course of the game."
In addition to my coverage of The Walking Dead, Sleepy Hollow, and the occasional song of the day (Thursdays), I will be covering New Girl on Fox – and that makes me happy. New Girl holds a special place in my heart because A, Zooey Deschanel, B, the show has a talent for making the plots seem incredibly extravagant yet grounded. The messiness of relationships (friendships, significant others, etc…) being the focus of the story has the ability to play out without actually subcuming to the everyday mundane habits of actual human beings. In some ways, New Girl is a lot like How I Met Your Mother: sure, each show uses it's own story telling technique and character drives, but helping the audience relate to everyday problems through grandiose plots is where the two sitcoms run parallel. I like “Keaton” because it displayed the lengths that people go to protect and help their friends, and it used Mchael Keaton to do so.
New Girl holds the ability to create such a fantastical reality where I can relate to emotional issues, it's lovely. If I could connect with Schmidt by saying that I've been in communication with a celebrity whenever I'm down, that'd be weird. However, I have had a best friend to to great lengths to pick up my spirits when I've been dumped. Ultimately, Nick becomes a more relatable character because I like to think that whenever I, as a close friend to someone who is going through a tough time, try and cheer that friend up, a process must be followed. I don't sit in front of a computer wearing a duct tape Batman mask, but it's pretty damn close.
The goal of a sitcom is to relate to the human condition through grandiose situation, and there are hundreds of sitcoms in existence (and I'm just talking about the ones that have seen the light of broadcast). What sets New Girl away from the hundreds of other sitcoms out there (especially the ones on air now) is the ability to control the story through the focus of the few main characters that are present. When it came to shows like Friends or Wings, there were too many main characters that needed to remain in grand plot – clearly Friends did a great job at managing the plots of the many characters, but New Girl doesn't need to focus on so many plots. “Keaton” shows how the fewer sub plots of other characters, the better. The show is able to dive in to the complex relationships through characters more deeply, because the writers don't have to waste time writing other characters in a sub plot.
Like I said, “Keaton” was a good episode; I could dive in to every funny scene that occurred, but I'd rather focus on other bits of the show. If I had to rate “Keaton” on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being street level and 10 being that delux apartment in the sky, I'll give “Keaton” a 7 with high ceilings, plenty of floor space, and a skyline view that allows you to hit golf balls out your window.
Tune in next week when I try to throw in a Firefly comparison. But in a good way.
Advertisements
Next week, we will put a score and summary on Path of Fire, the new Guild Wars 2 expansion. But this week, we're still working through the deluge of new content and massive new zones. While many players have scooted through the story and started unlocking their Griffon mounts, we're taking our time, seeing the sights, and getting lost in jumping puzzles and random encounters. In short, it's like a return to form for Tyria. The game I fell in love with back in 2012 feels like it's returned.
advertisement advertisement
Some tore me apart this past week as I listed out the 10 best story-driven MMOs of all time. But this expansion (again, this is one man's opinion) shows that ArenaNet is hitting their stride as of the Living World Season 3 and Path of Fire. When it comes to not only driving world growth, but also expanding on the lore of the world in a meaningful and impactful way, few developers have been able to constantly update their game worlds with the speed and quality of GW2.
And in terms of actual content, Path of Fire is flush with things to do. It's not a super-big heavy expansion in terms of new features, but the sheer amount of stuff crammed into the massive Elona zones is staggering. Add to that all the new ways you get to travel with the 5 new mounts, and well – in some ways this feels like a much more impactful expansion than Heart of Thorns. And certainly, players seem to be responding in kind. A few nights this week, I've even been put in a queue… in a game with a mega server that's not supposed to happen.
Heart Quests are still here, but like Season 3, they're more “daily quests” to give you something to do between the next big event you stumble into or catalyze. The organic nature of events unfolding is amped up here, and where I thought I wouldn't find a better zone then the starting area around Amnoon, I've quickly fallen in love with the Elona Riverlands. The reality-warped dopplegangers, the Djinn, the Ascended – it's all really great content. There's even an event that lets you decode the Flameseeker Chronicles one by one in Augory Rock.
A while back, some worried that Path of Fire might be paying too much of an homage to Guild Wars 1, but now I think there couldn't have been a better approach. Players that only started delving into Tyria with GW2 are now learning a ton of the lore about the gods (it was awesome when my Guardian called back to his baptismal god, during one part of the story), and the general history of Elona. And, while my first love was the Asura, I'm going to say that I don't miss them here. The focus is off of technology, and on magic and the gods, and it feels far more appropriate.
Next week, I hope to put a score to this review, and stop rambling about how great I think it is. The bounty system still seems like the one new feature that not a lot of people are engaging with, but that could be just because I'm not personally looking for it myself. The events and zones are gorgeously designed, far more approachable and enjoyable than those of Heart of Thorns, as well as diverse. The new Elite Specs are fantastic (that I've tried, currently focusing mostly on Guardian – Firebrand).
If you've back off of GW2 because you didn't like where it went with Heart of Thorns, now is the best time to come back. They're on a roll, and Season 4 is going to start before you know it.
Tl;dr. For my first Secret Santa I got some tahini, zattar, vampire repellent, and some exotic condiment packets from Israel.
Prior to the “r/FoodPorn Condiments Exchange” I was a RedditGifts virgin. This was my very first received gift, and it was everything I had ever dreamed it would be. I had asked for something my Santa loved or a local specialty they wanted to share with me and my family in Vegas. My Santa did not disappoint.
I live in a quasi-sketchy neighborhood one block from the Las Vegas strip. I arrived home to find what seemed, at first, to be a silver box with blood on it. It was,to my joy (and relief), a gift wrapped package from my Santa in Israel with a picture on the label of a bottle pouring sauce. After the fear had passed I ran inside and ripped that sucker open.
The gift contained:
A funny and helpful letter describing the contents and suggesting ways to use the gifts. A bottle of Tahini from Galilee. Somehow I've made it four decades without trying tahini. My first taste of tahini (second first of the day) will be from a bottle that is so authentic I can't even decipher enough of the symbols to tell how much tahini it contains. There are 4 of something 5 of something, 100% of something, and 500 of something. :) A large bag of Zattar (more unrecognizable symbols.) This is so exciting! If it weren't for my Santa's note I would have no clue what this is. According to him it is hyssop, a spice that can be sprinkled on many things (including PIZZA) and used in cooking. Zattar on pizza will be my third first. A cute little “sanctity set” from Jerusalem. Santa suggested that I should not try to season anything with the oil and holy water. He said it should be safe unless I'm a vampire or werewolf. I'm rather hairy, so I'm not gonna chance it. ;) As I have no “official” use for the set I'm tying to decide between two options. One of my daughters wants to keep it by the front door to ward off vampires and werewolves. I'm thinking about passing it on to a friend who would appreciate the set as intended. Santa this one is up to you, unless you direct us otherwise daughter #1 wins and the kit will be stored by the front door for emergencies. Bonus filler stuff. Three packets of Jam. A dozen packets of Mayo, catsup, and garlic sauce of a variety I have never seen before. Two packets of Hellmann's Mayo, a rarity on the West coast.
I can't believe I got all this awesome stuff! I'm looking forward to trying everything. Thank you Santa! I wish you peace, and I hope the care and generosity that you have shared with me and my family is returned to you many times over.
By almost any standard, snakes are among the most successful vertebrate groups. Extant Serpentes are represented by almost 3,000 species exploiting a remarkable range of habitats and prey1. However, the origins of this radiation remain poorly understood. In particular, there is a longstanding controversy over whether the elongate body and reduced limbs of snakes evolved in a terrestrial setting5,6, perhaps as an adaptation for burrowing, or in a marine environment2,3,4, as an adaptation for swimming. The stem snake Najash is terrestrial5, arguing against a marine origin, yet the animal's large size (∼2 m in length12) seems inconsistent with the hypothesis that snakes evolved from burrowing forms. Another problem concerns the evolution of the specialized feeding apparatus of snakes8. Extant snakes are primarily carnivores that feed on relatively large prey, a strategy facilitated by highly flexible jaws1,7,8,13. However, fossils provide little information on the transition from the primitive, relatively inflexible skulls of other lizards to the derived, kinetic system of snakes7, or when this transition occurred in snake evolution.
Answers to these questions can only come from fossils, but the fossil record of snakes is highly incomplete. Early snakes are known mainly from vertebrae, which provide little information about snake evolution. Coniophis precedens, from the Maastrichtian stage of North America9,10,11, is one such species. Described by Marsh in 1892 from a single vertebra9, Coniophis has traditionally been identified as a primitive alethinophidian14, perhaps a pipe snake11 (Aniliidae), although it has also been suggested that Coniophis represents a stem snake15. Surprisingly, additional vertebrae and skull elements of Coniophis have been collected11, but never described. Here we provide such a description and show that Coniophis is intermediate between snakes and other lizards.
All of the fossils that we describe here come from the same strata as the holotype, the upper Maastrichtian Lance Formation of eastern Wyoming. Vertebrae referred to Coniophis resemble the holotype in possessing rudimentary neural spines and deep, obovate paracotylar fossae. Cranial elements come from localities containing numerous Coniophis vertebrae11. Referral is supported by occurrence, size, relative abundance (Supplementary Information, section 1) and the fact that elements occupy similar phylogenetic positions when analysed independently (Supplementary Information, section 2).
Jaw elements of Coniophis have a mosaic of derived, snake-like characters and primitive, lizard-like characters. Teeth are snake-like in being tall, pointed and cylindrical with a sharp basal hooking of the crown. This tooth shape is unique to snakes among squamates. Distinct carinae are present, as in Varanoidea and Mosasauroidea. Tooth bases are expanded; some bear striae but, unlike in Varanoidea and Madtsoiidae16, grooves do not extend into the pulp cavity. Each tooth has a basal nutrient foramen in the interdental position, as in other snakes and Anguimorpha. Tooth implantation is uniquely snake-like, with teeth attaching to shallow thecae separated by interdental ridges. However, unlike in alethinophidians, the thecae remain open lingually, and teeth lack extensive basal deposition of bone of attachment.
The dentary (Fig. 1) is snake-like in being long, slender and bowed. It bears an enlarged mental foramen, which represents a snake autapomorphy. Caudally, the dentary is deeply notched to receive the surangular. This feature is unique to snakes and is associated with an intramandibular joint permitting the jaw to flex to expand the gape8,17,18. The subdental surface is deep anteriorly, as in snakes, but forms a thin lip posteriorly, which is a primitive feature not found in any snake, including the basal snakes Najash12 and Dinilysia19. The angular process of the dentary does not wrap beneath the Meckelian fossa, a lizard-like feature otherwise seen only in Najash12 among snakes. A facet along the back of the subdental ridge marks the splenial articulation.
Figure 1: Dentary of Coniophis precedens. UCMP (University of California Museum of Paleontology) 50000 in lateral (a), medial (b), ventral (c) and dorsal (d) view. mec, Meckelian canal; mf, mental foramen; sp, splenial facet; sr, subdental ridge; sur, surangular notch; th, thecae. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The maxilla (Fig. 2) is low and medially curved as in other snakes, indicating a broad, U-shaped snout; a low facial process is present, as in Dinilysia19 and Madtsoiidae20,21. The maxilla is lizard-like, but differs from all other snakes in that it overlaps the premaxilla, producing an immobile contact. Coniophis also differs from other snakes in retaining a vomerine process that is distally expanded to articulate with the palate. The preserved narial margin indicates a small, unretracted external naris. Overlapping portions of the maxilla indicate at least nine labial foramina; other snakes have five at most. Dorsally, the facial process bears a groove for the nasal and a lappet for the prefrontal, indicating immobile contacts with these bones, in contrast to all other snakes. Medially, the nasolacrimal fossa is lost, but Coniophis retains a well-developed, lizard-like fossa for the nasal capsule. A distinct supradental shelf separates the facial process from the teeth, whereas this shelf is lost anteriorly in Serpentes. The superior alveolar foramen is lizard-like in opening dorsally, rather than medially as in Alethinophidia. The suborbital process bears a V-shaped notch for the jugal, unlike any known snake.
Figure 2: Maxilla of Coniophis precedens. a–e, UCMP 53935, anterior part of maxilla in medial (a), lateral (b), ventral (c), dorsal (d) and anterior (e) view. f–i, UCMP 49999, posterior maxilla in medial (f), lateral (g), ventral (h) and dorsal (i) view. j, k, AMNH (American Museum of Natural History) 22413, posterior maxilla in lateral (j) and medial (k) view. fos, fossa for nasal capsule; fp, facial process; idr, interdental ridge; ju, jugal articulation; lf, labial foramina; nar, narial margin; nas, nasal contact; pp, palatine process; pmp, premaxillary process; prf, prefrontal facet; saf, superior alveolar foramen; ss, supradental shelf; vom, vomerine process. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Coniophis vertebrae (Fig. 3) are common enough in the Lance Formation to allow characterization of the morphology along the snake's axial column. Snake-like zygosphenes and zygantra are developed throughout; the neural canal is snake-like in having an inverted trefoil outline, with longitudinal canals ventrolaterally. Condyles are taller than they are wide anteriorly and are depressed posteriorly, as in Scolecophidia, and lack the groove around the condyle seen in alethinophidians. Anterior vertebrae bear stubby hypapophyses, as in Dinilysia22 and Najash12, mid-trunk vertebrae bear a sharp keel and posterior vertebrae have a rounded ventral surface. Synapophyses are single-headed, as in lizards and Scolecophidia; they bear diagnostic deep, obovate paracotylar fossae. In middle and anterior vertebrae, synapophyses lie level with the ventral margin of the centrum, as in snakes; but in posterior vertebrae they lie above the centrum, as in lizards but no other snake. Prezygapophyseal processes are absent.
Figure 3: Vertebrae of Coniophis precedens. a, AMNH 26999,vertebra from cervical region. b USNM (United States National Museum) 2143, holotype anterior trunk vertebra. c, AMNH 26833, middle trunk vertebra, d, YPM-PU (Yale Peabody Museum, Princeton collection) 16845, posterior trunk vertebra. Shown (from top to bottom) in anterior, posterior, dorsal, ventral and lateral views. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The neural arch is depressed, with a straight to weakly concave caudal margin, which is a primitive feature. The neural spine is reduced to a weak ridge terminating posteriorly in a tuberosity. On either side of the neural spine is a low mound corresponding to the dorsolateral ridges in Najash12, Dinilysia22 and Madtsoiidae18. A vertebra from the tail bears lymphapophyses for support of lymph hearts, as in other long-bodied squamates23, indicating that Coniophis had a serpentine body.
Phylogenetic analysis places Coniophis precedens as the sister to all known snakes. Similar topologies emerge whether we code Coniophis elements together or separately, add Amphisbaenia to the outgroup or use another matrix18 entirely (Supplementary Information, section 2). Numerous synapomorphies, including hooked teeth, interdental ridges, an intramandibular joint, an anteriorly deep subdental ridge, a reduced maxillary facial process, loss of the lacrimal fossa and zygosphene–zygantrum joints (Supplementary Information, section 2), place Coniophis with Ophidia. However, the new skull material shows that Coniophis retains several strikingly primitive features absent from crown Serpentes, including a supradental shelf, a vomerine process and tight sutural contacts between the maxilla and the premaxilla, nasals, prefrontal and jugal. Six steps are required to place Coniophis in the crown, and 16 steps are needed to place Coniophis with anilioids.
As the most basal known snake, Coniophis precedens is important to reconstructing the origins of the distinctive ophidian body plan and the ecology of ancestral snakes. The proposed marine origin of snakes2,3,4 suggests that basal snakes will occur in marine deposits. However, Coniophis occurs in continental floodplain sediments11,24, as do other basal snakes5,25. Coniophis also lacks adaptations for aquatic locomotion such as pachyostosis2, tall neural arches or ventrally placed synapophyses24. Instead, vertebrae have depressed neural arches with reduced neural spines, a feature shared with fossorial snakes5 such as Scolecophidia and Anilioidea, and other burrowing squamates such as Amphisbaenia26. This, together with the relatively small size of Coniophis (on the basis of comparisons of centrum length with anilioids, we estimate the snout–vent length to be ∼700 mm), implies a semifossorial or fossorial lifestyle. Coniophis therefore supports the hypothesis that to elongate body and reduced limbs of snakes evolved as burrowing adaptations.
Coniophis also offers insight into the evolution of snake feeding. The teeth of Coniophis are suited to piercing and holding soft-bodied prey; moreover, the intramandibular joint allows the jaws to flex to increase gape size8,17,18. Although it has been proposed that early snakes fed on invertebrates1,8, taken together the tooth morphology, intramandibular joint and size of Coniophis suggest that it preyed upon small vertebrates. However, the maxilla lacks modifications permitting kinesis, and instead remained tightly bound to the premaxilla, vomer, nasal, prefrontal and jugal. Coniophis thus represents a functional chimaera, combining a snake-like body with a lizard-like head (Fig. 4).
Figure 4: Skull in lizards, Coniophis and modern snakes. a, Heloderma (Varanoidea). b, Reconstruction of Coniophis, with missing elements after Anguidae and basal snakes Najash and Dinilysia. c, Epicrates (Macrostomata). Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The picture that emerges for Coniophis is of a small, fossorial carnivore that preyed upon small vertebrates. Although vertebral morphology suggests a degree of fossoriality, a vertebrate diet implies foraging above ground. Many basal Alethinophidia have a similar lifestyle1, and this ecology is probably ancestral for snakes. Later, snakes evolved a suite of adaptations that facilitated kinesis in the jaws and skull (Fig. 5), allowing a wider range of prey to be swallowed8. Subsequently, snakes underwent an adaptive radiation in the Early Cretaceous (Fig. 5). This radiation was well under way by the Cenomanian stage27, by which point snakes were represented by fossorial, Coniophis-like forms28,29, freshwater Nigerophiidae28, marine Simoliophiidae27 and the large-bodied, carnivorous Madtsoiidae28. According to the phylogeny presented here, the aquatic Simoliophiidae, the giant Madtsoiidae and the insectivorous Scolecophidia do not provide insight into stem snake ecology; instead they are specialized offshoots of this initial diversification. Coniophis therefore shows how the stepwise acquisition of key innovations culminated in a major adaptive radiation. The genesis of the Serpentes began with the evolution of a novel means of locomotion, followed by adaptations facilitating the ingestion of ever larger prey, thereby enabling snakes to exploit a wider range of ecological niches.
How to Have a More Engaged Audience in Office Meetings Using the ICAP Framework
What is Audience Engagement?
According to a study commissioned by The San Francisco Foundation and Grants for the Arts, audience engagement is defined as a creating and delivering experiences that have an impact on the participants. So why is engagement important? If the participant experiences more of your presentation, rather than daydreaming, thinking about problems, etc, the more engaged they are. Seems like an obvious statement right? So what are some tools we can use to engage with our audience for more productive office meetings and presentations?
ICAP Framework
The ICAP Framework is a perfect toolset for engaging our audiences more in meetings. Educators have long recognized that students learn better the more engaged they are in the learning process. A relatively new hypothesis published by Michelene T. H. Chi & Ruth Wylie proposes a framework to teach you how to engage more with your audience. This framework is titled ICAP.
ICAP, or perhaps more appropriately, I>C>A>P, is an acronym that represents a structure for engaging your audience.
Interactive > (is more engaging than) Constructive > Active > Passive
Interactive activities are more engaging than Constructive activities. Both Interactive and Constructive activities are more engaging than Active activities, and all three are more engaging than Passive activities.
So what are some practical examples of these activities that we can use in our presentations?
Practical Examples
By using the ICAP Framework to generate ideas on how to present important information to your audience in a way that will engage them with the ideas, you will be more efficient in expressing your ideas. When we are more efficient at communicating ideas, our audiences are more receptive to accepting them.
Archived Video can be found at http://www.cyclingdirt.org/coverage/241690-USGP-Deschutes-Brewery-Cup-2011
Watch US Grand Prix of Cyclocross Live (USGP) Schedule
September 24-25 | Planet Bike Cup | Madison, WI (Central Time)
October 8-9 | New Belgium Cup | Ft. Collins, CO (Mountain Time)
November 12-13 | Derby City Cup | Louisville, KY (Eastern Time)
December 10-11 | Deschutes Brewery Cup | Bend, OR (West Coast Time)
This Weekend's LIVE Stream Schedule
2:00PM Women's Preview
2:15PM Elite Women's Race
3:15PM Men's Preview
3:30PM Elite Men Race
Sunday
2:00PM Women's Preview
2:15PM Elite Women's Race
3:15PM Men's Preview
3:30PM Elite Men Race
FLASHBACK 2010 USGP FINALS: ( FULL 2010 COVERAGE ARCHIVE
TIM JOHNSON HIT BY A CAR ON COURSE!!!
Saturday2:00PM Women's Preview2:15PM Elite Women's Race3:15PM Men's Preview3:30PM Elite Men RaceSunday2:00PM Women's Preview2:15PM Elite Women's Race3:15PM Men's Preview3:30PM Elite Men RaceTIM JOHNSON HIT BY A CAR ON COURSE!!!
FINAL DAY, FINAL TWO LAPS, POWERS VS JOHNSON FOR THE TITLE!!!
Back for another year, CyclingDirt.com will be streaming LIVE video from the 2011 Exergy USGP of Cyclocross series. Tune in every Saturday and Sunday during the series to watch LIVE video from the Elite Men and Elite Women! CyclingDirt will also have full archived coverage from each weekend to help you avoid starting your work week!Share this on Facebook, Twitter, etc! The more that watch the more we grow!
Cynthia Ann Crawford (born February 20, 1966) is an American model and actress. Her years of success at modeling made her an international celebrity that has led to roles in television and film, and work as a spokesperson.
In her sophomore year at high school, she received a call from a local clothing store regarding modelling work, only to discover that it was a practical joke set up by two of her classmates. However, the following year another store hired a number of high school girls, including Crawford, to work for them (including a fashion shoot). In her junior year, local photographer Roger Legel, whose duties included photographing a different college girl to be that week's coed in the DeKalb Nite Weekly , asked to take her picture for the publication; the result was Crawford's first cover. [9] The photo and positive feedback she received were enough to convince her to take up modeling. She entered the Elite Model Management 's Look of the Year contest at 17 and was the runner-up. Elite Model Management in Chicago then started representing her.
During the 1980s and 1990s, Crawford was among the most popular supermodels and a ubiquitous presence on magazine covers, runways, and in fashion campaigns. She was repeatedly and frequently featured on the cover of many magazines, including Vogue, W, People, Harper's Bazaar, Elle, Cosmopolitan, and Allure. A partial count in 1998 totalled over 500 appearances.[12] Crawford has walked the runways for Chanel, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Christian Dior, Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren, Michael Kors, Todd Oldham, DKNY, and Valentino. Crawford also appeared in many fashion campaigns during her career, including those for Versace, Calvin Klein, Escada, David Yurman, Oscar De La Renta, Balmain, Hermes, Ellen Tracy, Valentino, Bally, Liz Claiborne, Hervé Leger, Halston, Anne Klein, Isaac Mizrahi, Blumarine, Guess, Ink, Gap, and Revlon. She has also worked for Omega, Maybelline, Clairol, Pepsi, and Chilean retail stores Ripley (partner of Macy's).
In 1987, Crawford appeared during the opening credits of the Michael J. Fox film The Secret of My Success. Three years later, she appeared alongside top models Christy Turlington, Linda Evangelista, Tatjana Patitz and Naomi Campbell on the cover of the January 1990 edition of British Vogue magazine. Crawford and the other four models subsequently appeared in the video for George Michael's hit "Freedom '90" later that year. Subsequently, Crawford played the lost love of Jon Bon Jovi in the 1994 video for his version of "Please Come Home For Christmas", "John Taylor" in the 2011 video for Duran Duran's "Girl Panic" (featuring supermodels as the band, including Naomi Campbell as Simon Le Bon), and Headmistress in the 2015 video for Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood" as part of a cast including Jessica Alba (Domino), Selena Gomez (Arsyn), and fellow models Lily Aldridge, Cara Delevingne, Gigi Hadid, Martha Hunt and Karlie Kloss (as Frostbyte, Mother Chucker, Slay-Z, Homeslice and Knockout respectively).
The red Versace dress which she wore to the 63rd Academy Awards in 1991 had a major influence on fashion, and many copies and fakes of the dress were produced.[13][14][15] In 1992, Crawford—through GoodTimes Home Video and her company Crawdaddy Productions—made an exercise video with Radu Teodorescu named Cindy Crawford: Shape Your Body; although criticised by some[who?] for being unsafe,[citation needed] it was hugely successful and led to two equally lucrative followups, Cindy Crawford: The Next Challenge in 1993 (again with Radu) and Cindy Crawford: A New Dimension in 2000; the latter, made with fitness expert Kathy Kaehler and produced not long after Crawford gave birth to her first child, was aimed at new mothers getting back into shape. In 2001, Crawford also made a shorter fitness video aimed at children, Mini-Muscles with Cindy Crawford and the Fit-wits, an animated production featuring the voices of Crawford (who also appears at the beginning in live action), Radu and Kobe Bryant.
The inaugural issue of George, a short lived political magazine in the 1990s, featured Crawford dressed like George Washington on the cover. In 2005, the American Society of Magazine Editors listed it as the 22nd best magazine cover of the last 40 years.[16]
Crawford is 5 feet 9 inches (175 cm) tall[1] with brown hair and eyes. Her measurements are 34–25.5–36".[17] Crawford's trademark is a mole (or "beauty mark") above her upper lip. She is so closely associated with this physical feature that she appeared in an Australian advertising campaign for flavoured milk featuring a TV commercial wherein she "licked off" her own mole.[18] During the beginning of her career, the mole was removed from her modeling pictures, including her first Vogue cover.[citation needed] Her resemblance to model Gia Carangi led her to being known as "Baby Gia".[19][20]
Crawford in 1995
Crawford has also been on TV and in films. From 1989 to 1995, Crawford was host of MTV's House of Style. In the early 1990s, Crawford starred in the Pepsi and Pepsi Stuff advertising.[21][22] In 1992, she appeared in Pepsi's Super Bowl commercial,[23] aired during Super Bowl XXVI. In 2016, Pepsi released a remake of the commercial, also featuring Crawford.[23] In 1995, Crawford broke into movies as the female lead in the movie Fair Game. Her performance was panned by critics—Leonard Maltin commented "In her acting debut, supermodel Crawford makes a good jogger."[24] The film was also a financial failure, with expenses of $50 million and $11 million takings at the box office. In 2001, she costarred as part of an ensemble cast in The Simian Line. Again the film was not successful or critically acclaimed, but Crawford's acting was not criticized. She has had many lesser roles guest starring on TV and as supporting roles, often playing herself. For example, in 2000, she was one of the celebrities (along with Victoria Silvstedt, Anna Falchi and Megan Gale) playing themselves in the Italian comedy Body Guards - Guardie del corpo. In the 1990s, Carol Shaw, her make-up artist, named a lipstick color after Crawford as a part of the Lorac Cosmetics lip-wear line.[25]
In July 1988, she posed nude for Playboy magazine in a shoot by photographer Herb Ritts.[26] In October 1998, Crawford returned to the pages of Playboy for a second nude pictorial, again taken by Ritts.[27]
Crawford has consistently ranked highly on lists of the world's sexiest people. She was ranked number 5 on Playboy's list of the 100 sexiest stars of the 20th century. A 1997 Shape magazine survey of 4,000 picked her as the second (after Demi Moore) most beautiful woman in the world. In 2002, Crawford was named one of the 50 most beautiful people by People magazine. In her forties, she claimed No. 26 in the 2006 Hot 100 issue of Maxim magazine.[28] She was named No. 3 on VH1's 40 Hottest Hotties of the 90s and was named one of the "100 Hottest Women of All-Time" by Men's Health.[29]
Fashion designer Michael Kors summed up her impact:
“ Cindy changed the perception of the "sexy American girl" from classic blue eyed blonde to a more sultry brunette with brains, charm, and professionalism to spare.[30] ”
After modeling Edit
Crawford quit full-time modeling in 2000 and now appears only occasionally in fashion magazines. She continues to provide celebrity endorsement for a variety of projects. In 2005, Crawford created a line of beauty products with Jean-Louis Sebagh called Meaningful Beauty for Guthy-Renker.[31] Crawford has stated that she regularly receives certain cosmetic procedures, including Botox and vitamin injections. She first saw a plastic surgeon at the age of 28.[32]
In 2005, Crawford launched a new line of furniture under the "Cindy Crawford Home Collection" name. The collection is manufactured by HM Richards Inc. She assisted in the creation of the line by consulting on the features, colors, or styles that fit the needs of families or reflected her own tastes.[33] She also has a furniture line with Raymour & Flanigan and launched a home goods line with J. C. Penney in late 2009.[34]
Crawford in October 2009
In 2009, Crawford was one of many celebrities to be photographed by Deborah Anderson for the coffee table book Room 23, produced by philanthropist Diana Jenkins. In addition to appearing in the book, Crawford was the cover model and wrote the dedication.[35]
Crawford returned to modeling in May 2011, appearing on the cover of the May 2011 issue of Vogue Mexico.[36]
Becoming, a book about Crawford's life and career co-written by Crawford and Katherine O'Leary, was published in September 2015.[37]
Crawford and her daughter Kaia appeared together on the cover of the April 2016 issue of Vogue Paris.[38] In 2016, she became a spokesperson for Acqua Minerale San Benedetto in Italy.[39]
In September 2017, Crawford, along with models Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell, Helena Christensen and Carla Bruni, closed the Versace spring/summer 2018 fashion show, which was an homage to the late Gianni Versace.[40]
In January 2019, Crawford, along with her husband Rande Gerber, Mike Meldman Jeff Shell and Jay Sures announced they would purchase the Hollywood deli, Nate ‘n Al, to keep its doors open after three generations of family ownership.[41][42]
Utter commitment and boundless courage on defence carried the Vodafone Warriors to a famous 20-16 victory over North Queensland at 1300SMILES Stadium on Saturday night.
When they needed it most the players found a deep supply of the resolve that had been missing in their first two matches to grind out their first success in Townsville since 2002.
It was all the more remarkable due to the time difference – Queensland is three hours behind New Zealand – the players not only started the match at 11.00pm on Saturday NZT but finished it close to 1.00am on Sunday NZT.
Adding to their adversity was losing in-form prop Ben Matulino in the opening minutes after a collision with Tariq Sims and James Tamou left him with a head wound. It meant the Vodafone Warriors had to operate for the best part of 60 minutes with only three interchange options.
The win could scarcely have come at a more critical time following the first-up losses to Parramatta and St George Illawarra. In each of those matches there was united disappointment among the coaching staff and players about the absence of the physical competiveness needed to grind out success.
It wasn't in question this time as the Vodafone Warriors muscled uptime and time again, scrambling to protect their line and deny the Cowboys clear-cut scoring chances.
There were so many critical saves as the Cowboys came surging back into the match with a last quarter rush. They'd been 6-20 down before recovering with tries to fullback Michael Morgan in the 66th minute and winger Kyle Feldt in the 75th minute.
Along the way powerhouse back rower Tariq Sims hurtled towards the line with just one outcome in the offing, at least for the locals and the North Queensland players. Miraculously, though, Sam Tomkins and Manu Vatuvei somehow denied Sims, fighting with all they had to stop him getting the ball down.
The way the match was running in the final stages it was fair to believe the cards were in the North Queenslanders' favour as they searched for a match-winner.
With three minutes on the clock, Scott Bolton had a scoring opportunity until Chad Townsend arrived to help out and, in a flurry of arms, the ball squeezed loose. No try but, after deliberation from the video referees, it was decreed Townsend, in dislodging the ball from Bolton's grasp, had knocked on.
Scrum to the Cowboys. They set up for their right edge with Johnathan Thurston calling the tune. Thurston generated hesitation in the defensive line creating space for Feldt on the touchline. He set sail for the corner, Vatuvei scrambling across to try to force him wide and hopefully into touch. Feldt crossed and thought he'd scored, so did his team-mates and the whole stadium. Not the touch judge, though. He'd spotted Feldt planting his foot on the touchline and immediately made the call. There was no review and replays showed the decision was spot on.
With just a minute to go it should have been game, set and match. Only as the Vodafone Warriors rucked the ball out from the resulting scrum they erred, failed to play the ball properly and the Cowboys had one last scrum and one last chance to steal the result. Mercifully it didn't happen. Centre Kane Linnett knocked on and the Vodafone Warriors could celebrate their first win of the season and their first in Townsville in 12 years, one mixed with a sense of relief and redemption.
Earlier on the decision to bring Konrad Hurrell back paid an instant dividend, only the bullocking Tongan wasn't employed in the centres but instead as a back rower.
He was injected in the second half as the forwards began to tire in the sapping conditions, immediately making ground up the middle and then scoring a vital 55th-minute try beside the posts off a flat ball from Nathan Friend out of dummy half.
Seven minutes later Sione Lousi, who started the match, also went over from close range as the Vodafone Warriors opened the Cowboys up on their goal-line. That try completed a Tongan sweep of the Vodafone Warriors' four tries after winger Glen Fisiiahi had snared a double in the space of 10 minutes in the first half.
Shaun Johnson couldn't convert either try from wide out but it was still enough for the much-improved Vodafone Warriors to lead 8-6 at halftime, stretching to a 14-point advantage midway through the second half before the Cowboys organised their comeback.
For prop Jacob Lillyman there was special satisfaction savouring his first win in Townsville against his old club. He was just one of the players suffering from cramp at the end but by then he had made another massive contribution to the team. He clocked up 160 metres from 15 runs and also made 24 tackles while front row partner Sam Rapira was exceptional all night as he carted the ball 173 metres from 17 runs and made 24 tackles.
Captain Simon Mannering – who led the side for a club record-equalling 91st time – finished with 118 metres from 13 runs and 24 tackle while Feleti Mateo (108 metres) and Suaia Matagi (103 metres) also topped 100 metres. Heading the tackle count again was Nathan Friend with 46.
Back on deck, Vatuvei underlined his value as ever with 127 metres from 14 runs and Hurrell's explosiveness was reflected in eight power-packed runs netting 81 metres.
The crucial number in the team statistics was the Vodafone Warriors' completion rate of 35 from 43 sets (81 per cent) while the Cowboys managed only 28 from 40 (70 per cent). Their kicking game was also superior, 25 kicks for a gain of 659 metres as well as forcing four goal-line drop outs.
The Vodafone Warriors arrive home later this afternoon, have a recovery day tomorrow and then begin their preparation for next Saturday night's clash against the in-form Wests Tigers at Westpac Stadium in Wellington (5.05pm kick-off; match day sponsor: Vodafone).
A tripleheader football programme is again in store with the Vodafone Junior Warriors launching the action with their NYC clash against the Tigers (12.40pm kick-off), followed by the Vodafone Warriors facing the Tigers in the New South Wales Cup (2.40pm).
Match details:
At 1300SMILES Stadium, Townsville
North Queensland Cowboys 16 (Antonio Wintertsein, Michael Morgan, Kyle Feldt tries; Johnathan Thurston 2 conversions).
Vodafone Warriors 20 (Glen Fisiiahi 2, Konrad Hurrell, Sione Lousi tries; Shaun Johnson 2 conversions).
Halftime: 8-6 Vodafone Warriors.
Referees: Ashley Klein and Adam Gee.
Crowd: 12,738.
Vodafone Warriors: Sam Tomkins; Glen Fisiiahi, Dane Nielsen, Jerome Ropati, Manu Vatuvei; Chad Townsend, Shaun Johnson; Sam Rapira, Nathan Friend, Ben Matulino; Jayson Bukuya, Simon Mannering (c); Sione Lousi. Interchange: Feleti Mateo, Jacob Lillyman, Suaia Matagi, Konrad Hurrell.
Background
I've been using Rita's aging iPhone4 since she died in Germany last September with no issues whatsoever until about a month ago when the phone started incessantly giving me the following popup screen (about every five seconds):
While it appears that Cancel is an option, I can assure you that Apple is relentless in attempting to force their iCloud service login on this device.
If my wife were alive today and had decided that she wanted to use her phone without logging into iCloud by pressing the cancel option, it wouldn't matter because every five seconds that popup screen reappears NO MATTER what!
To top it off, I'm pretty sure my wife never even set up an iCloud account to begin with because she was so leery of online storage in general but that's not something I can prove at this stage of the game.
Here's The Kicker!
I'm not locked out of the phone itself. I can do whatever I want to on the phone as long as I do it between the five second window of time before the dam popup comes bouncing back up, so this isn't even an issue of protecting the data on the phone itself!
According to Apple, there's no ‘opting out' of their iCloud regime on this phone now without actually signing back in under my wife's purported iCloud account and manually turning it off, which is something I can't do without the passwords I don't have. But there's absolutely no sense in making my life miserable on the device since I already have total access to this phone for five seconds at a time anyway, a fact which doesn't seem to register with the idiots I'm dealing with at every level of customer care I've managed to reach out to at Apple !!
Monopolistic Bullshit Exemplified
From all indications, this runaround is nothing more than a illegal power play by Apple to force people onto their iCloud service! Prima facie. Where are the lawyers for Google when I need them? Can you spell restraint of trade?
Since I don't have the passwords to ANY of my departed wife's accounts, there's apparently nothing that can be done, and mind you, outside the constant nag and aggravation of having to cancel it every five seconds the phone apps are all totally available to me. I'd already changed the lock code on the phone to mine long ago so it isn't even an issue of getting into the phone itself!!! This is solely an iCloud issue that Apple is incessant about enforcing. I guess they're hopeful the constant aggravation will force me to buy a new iPhone, but I can assure them that isn't about to happen anytime soon and if the problem presented in this blogpost isn't addressed to my satisfaction I'll be switching off Apple to Google in the same manner as I did from Microsoft to Apple over a decade ago.
Sorry Apple. I do not have the purchase info. I do not have the answers to her security questions. I do not have the password to her email account to reset anything. All I have is the phone itself, the happy memories of our twenty five year marriage and her German death certificate. Apple has a plethora of purchase info on the both of us. Let's see if they can put one and one together and do the right thing.
For the record I'm OK with NOT wiping the phone or canceling her Apple ID. I just want the dam iCloud to quit nagging the hell out of me so I can continue to use the device as it was intended to be used when she originally purchased it and as it was working until they decided to cram their iCloud service login down my throat about a month ago.
Here's the full text of Apple's legal mumbo jumbo that they emailed me:
If you are attempting to delete an AppleID account, we will require the following documents to move forward. • The death certificate • An official document that names the requestor as executor of the decedent's estate Apple cannot accept Last Will and Testaments or Power of Attorney as the official document. The required document is often called the Letters of Testamentary or Letters of Administration but can vary from state to state. If you have any questions about this document or what would qualify, please contact a legal representative or your county clerk's office. If you are attempting to transfer control of the Apple ID account, a court order is required. It must specify that:
• The decedent was the user of all accounts associated with the Apple ID
• The caller is the administrator of decedent's estate
• In their role as administrator, the caller is the “agent” of the decedent, and their authorization constitutes “lawful consent” as those terms are used in the Electronic Communications Privacy Act
• The court orders Apple to assist in the recovery of decedent's data from their accounts If you are attempting to wipe the iPhone of the Apple ID account, a proof of purchase is required. It must specify: • The Date of Purchase and the Serial Number for the device in question
• Provide the AppleID on the device
Once you have obtained all required documentation, please contact me. I will respond back within one business day with a link to upload the documents. Please do not email these items to me directly.
Enjoy.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BOHEMIA, NY — When he's not attending class at Connetquot High School, gearing up for college, competing in swim meets or at Model UN debates, 17-year-old Robert Subtirelu is trying to keep up with Cosmo.
And there's also Duke.
And any other dog that may come through the door.
In his free time, the teen works for a company called DogVacay, an online boarding service that pairs pet owners with people who babysit their dogs in their own homes. He makes roughly $33 per day, per dog.
Nearly all of the $14,000 he's made working for DogVacay in the past few years he's put toward a foundation he created called PACE- Project for Children's Education.
His foundation helps fund a community center called Konojel in Guatemala which provides nutrition and scholarships for eight elementary and middle school students.
Over the summer, Subtirelu had the chance to visit the school and see exactly where the money is going.
"The message I want to send is that anyone can do this. It can be as simple as taking care of a french bulldog, or a black lab," he said.
Local municipality workers running the camp in Silopi just over the Turkish border say 1,500 people are sheltering there alone.
At least 100 people are arriving from Iraq each day, the camp workers say, many of them, like Sewra, smuggled across the border by locals, sometimes paying up to $1,000 per family.
Turkey, already sheltering more than a million refugees from the war in neighbouring Syria, has reiterated that it will maintain an 'open door policy' to those fleeing violence, although customs officials at the main Habur border crossing with Iraq are only allowing in those with passports.
The Yazidis are part of Iraq's Kurdish minority and some have crossed into Turkey under the protection of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group, which fought a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state and is considered a terrorist group by Ankara, the United States and European Union.
The agency is also working across the border in northern Iraq to set up two separate camps for Yazidis and Turkmens, Iraq's third largest ethnic group after Arabs and Kurds, who have close cultural and linguistic links with Turkey.
...
"Heil Hitler!" shouts Donald Duck as he raises his right arm in the Nazi salute. On the other arm, he's wearing a swastika armband -- just like everyone else in Hitler's "Nutzi Land," where the "Nutzis" have pruned even the trees into swastika shapes and swastika clouds drift across the sky. It's a land where there's barely anything left to eat, yet even the rooster greets the day with a hearty crow of "Heil Hitler!"
There, Donald toils away screwing war munitions together on a factory assembly line with soldiers looking on. He has to shout "Heil Hitler!" in time with his work, and his hands whirl faster and faster until he goes insane. Then the duck wakes up from his dream and discovers that he is actually lying in a soft bed and wearing pajamas patterned off the American flag. "Oh boy, am I glad to be a citizen of the United States of America!" he cries. The movie ends with a tomato landing on Hitler's face.
This was a cartoon film made in the service of the US government. "Der Fuehrer's Face" hit the theaters in 1943 and won the Oscar for best animated short film the same year. It was far from the only propaganda piece that Walt Disney's studios released. In addition to Donald, Mickey Mouse, Bambi and even Pluto became standard elements in the American war machine.
Representatives of the US military paid a call on Disney already in December 1941, right around the time that the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor. The Army wanted to transform part of the studios into defensive fortifications that would be used to help protect a nearby airplane factory against air raids. And then there was the Navy, which commissioned animated films used to train its sailors.
More contracts followed. In May 1942, the world's most famous duck reported for duty in "Donald Gets Drafted." In a cartoon called "The Spirit of '43," Donald showed Americans why it was important to save money -- so that they could pay their taxes fully and on time. Their contributions were urgently needed for the war because "taxes will keep democracy on the march" and "every dollar you spend for something you don't need is a dollar spent to help the Axis."
This movie was commissioned by Henry Morgenthau Jr., then US Secretary of the Treasury and, later, father of the Morgenthau Plan for dividing and de-industrializing Germany once it had been conquered. "The Spirit of '43" was seen by 26 million Americans, and more than a third of them later admitted they began saving for their taxes partly thanks to Donald.
Bambi in the Volunteer Army
Cartoon films in those years were very consciously aimed at more than just children. Two-thirds of Americans went to the movies every week -- and they loved the Disney characters. Before long, Goofy was making propaganda, too. In another movie, Mickey and Minnie explained that even used cooking oil could be vital for victory. And Donald stepped in again and again, even destroying an entire fleet of Japanese planes alone in "Commando Duck" -- though it was really more by accident.
Disney's studios churned out more than 62,000 meters (200,000 feet) of film in 1942 and 1943, five times more than it ever did in times of peace. And Walt Disney wasn't just active in animated films. The duck family advocated for war bonds in comic strips, too, as did Mickey in the comic book "Mickey Mouse on the Home Front." All of Disney's characters had now been mobilized, and even Bambi fought the Axis powers in Disney's "Volunteer Army."
The movies and comic books were important for morale. They not only made the enemy look ridiculous; they also let audiences laugh at their own daily lives for a few minutes -- at the food shortages and their fear. Walt Disney gave America courage.
Hans Must Die
During World War II, Disney's provided some political education for Americans at home -- and for soldiers on the front, too. "Education for Death: The Making of the Nazi" appeared in movie theaters in 1943. The tone of the movie was serious, and it didn't feature the likes of Donald Duck or Mickey Mouse. Instead, it used impressive images to describe how children in Nazi Germany were raised to hate and to participate in the war effort -- and how little blonde Hans' only purpose in life was to die on the front.
By then, Disney was everywhere -- and always closely involved with the military. Starting in 1942, Walt Disney's artists designed insignia for American troop units. There was a mosquito riding a torpedo for the Navy's new torpedo boats, a bellicose crow from "Dumbo" for bombing squadrons, and a turtle with a broom for minesweepers.
Graphic artists who had only recently been drawing Bambi and Snow White now switched to designing emblems for tanks, bombers and ships. Likewise, many soldiers and airmen decorated their tanks and fighters themselves with Mickeys, Donalds and Plutos. These were symbols of the American way of life, of freedom and democracy, of everything that was at stake. "Mickey Mouse" is even said to have been a password used by the Allied forces on D-Day.
Meanwhile, other Hollywood studios got into the propaganda business as well, and Hitler was made the butt of the joke again and again. For example, in 1942, Warner Brothers released an animated short called "The Ducktators." The movie takes place on a peaceful farm. In it, a duck family is waiting for a single black egg to hatch. But when the shell breaks, out pops a duckling sporting a Hitler mustache, Hitler haircut and swastika armband. It immediately raises its arm and shouts "Sieg Heil!" The duckling becomes a demagogue, and it quickly recruits the farm's dumb geese to be its followers. Eventually, even the weathervane wears a swastika on its arm. But, in the end, a peace dove beats up Hitler and his cronies.
Likewise, in "Daffy: The Commando," Daffy Duck skyrockets to Germany as a human cannonball, only to hit Hitler on the head with a wooden mallet. And in "Scrap Happy Daffy," Adolf Hitler chews his way through a carpet in anger because Daffy had collected such an enormous pile of scrap metal.
"Blitz Wolf," a short by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, features a big bad wolf (sporting a Hitler mustache) unsuccessfully trying to vanquish three little (American) pigs. The movie begins with a "Foreword" reading: "The Wolf in this photoplay is NOT fictitious. Any similarity between this Wolf and that (*!!*//--%) jerk Hitler is purely intentional!" At the end of the film, the defeated "Adolf Wolf" finds himself in hell.
During the war years -- whether it was on the big screen, in comic books, on the side of a tank or on a poster -- Hollywood's message was: "Hang in there! We'll win if you all pitch in. This war is your war!" But once the war was over, these movies disappeared into the studios' back cabinets for decades.
There were reasons for this. A new era had begun, and Disney didn't want to burden his new friends -- and business opportunities -- with ancient history in the newly won markets of Europe.
As a result, it was 50 years before Donald Duck could be honored with an award for his wartime services. In 1984, in honor of the cartoon duck's birthday, the US Army showed its gratitude by promoting Donald Duke to the rank of sergeant -- and then honorably discharging him from the military.
(CNN) Londoners did their best to keep calm and carry on after the latest night of carnage in a Western European city on Saturday.
But across the Atlantic, President Donald Trump used Twitter to stoke fear for political gain, lambasted London's Muslim mayor, then motorcaded to his nearby namesake luxury golf links.
On the one hand, Trump's response to the London attack, in which 7 people died only two weeks after a horrendous suicide bombing in Manchester, was par for the course.
After all, as a candidate Trump said himself that foreign terror attacks were good for his political fortunes -- and he's reacted to other foreign terrorist incidents by seeming to teeter on the edge of gloating that he had predicted them.
Still, his response to the London attacks was a jarring reminder of how his whiplash instincts shatter the mold of conventional presidential behavior.
It may also start a conversation about whether Trump is testing the limits of appropriate behavior for a head of state, let alone the leader of the West and whether his swift turn to politics as the dead were still being counted was in poor taste.
One thing is for sure, his Twitter spree after the London attack will have offended many people in Britain, where the President is already deeply unpopular. His brash attitude had already set European teeth on edge after his foreign trip last month.
JUST WATCHED Trump links travel ban to London Bridge attack Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump links travel ban to London Bridge attack 10:11
To start with, as reports started to filter out of London, Trump retweeted a flashing siren Drudge Report alert.
"Fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on London Bridge..." the tweet read.
Considering that Trump has the most powerful intelligence machinery on the planet at his beck and call, it seemed odd that he would rely on the famed muckraker site to break the news.
At the time, there was no way to know whether the tweet was accurate or not and British authorities were warning about unsubstantiated reports.
London's Metropolitan Police had sent out their own tweet: "We are aware of reports on social media. We will release facts when we can -- our info must be accurate #LondonBridge."
As the horror unfolded in London, Trump, presumably watching on television, spotted a political opening, and touted his blocked plan to restrict entry into the United States of residents of a group of mostly Muslim nations.
"We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!"
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017
In fact, most recent terror attacks in the West have been carried out by homegrown or radicalized extremists, not foreign nationals -- meaning measures like the one he is proposing to bar travelers from six predominantly Muslim states are of questionable effectiveness.
And if it turns out that the assailants on Saturday were British they would have qualified for visa free travel into the US, invalidating Trump's point even further.
Trump's way
Trump did offer one less confrontational message of support.
"Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!" Trump tweeted Saturday night.
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017
But those sentiments seemed likely to be lost in the rush of other tweets.
The accepted protocol in such situations would not be for a president to take to Twitter when no one knew what was going on.
In the past, US leaders have tended to wait for the facts before drawing conclusions, and to do everything to avoid politicizing the situation or angering a victimized ally at a time of national trauma.
Often a paper statement would follow -- likely after consultation across government departments and agencies.
An on-camera appearance expressing support and vowing to defeat terror wherever it emerges might follow.
That's never been Trump's way. And that's how his supporters like it, as they showed in the presidential election campaign by embracing his tough-on-terror rhetoric and critical commentary about Islam.
It's also true that the old ways do not seem to be stopping terror attacks occurring with increasing frequency across Europe.
Even so, the President's tweets show little evidence that he has considered how he might come across to those who do not support him. And they certainly don't seem to be laying out a plausible anti-terrorism strategy.
By playing the fear card, it could also be argued Trump is playing into the hands of the terrorists and he was certainly not doing any favors to British Prime Minister Theresa May, who has been criticized for her relationship with the President, and is facing a tougher-than-expected re-election race next week.
And, as so often before, there was a sense that the President responded to Saturday's attack though a prism of how it affected him, his beliefs and political goals, rather than through a wider geopolitical or humanitarian perspective.
JUST WATCHED Getting numb to Trump's mistakes and misleading statements? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Getting numb to Trump's mistakes and misleading statements? 03:00
Fight with London mayor
A night's sleep didn't ease Trump's desire to turn the political screw.
"We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse," he said on Sunday morning.
Next Trump chose to ignite a feud with Mayor Sadiq Khan -- an old adversary -- taking his words out of context to accuse him of being soft on terror.
"At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is 'no reason to be alarmed!'" Trump tweeted.
In fact, Khan merely told Londoners that if they saw extra police on the streets over the next few days "There's no reason to be alarmed."
His spokesman reacted with disdain to Trump's remarks -- in a display of disrespect a lowly political functionary would not normally dare to direct at a US President.
"(The Mayor) had more important things to do "than respond to Donald Trump's ill-informed tweet ," the spokesman said.
Washington's acting ambassador to London meanwhile appeared to contradict his boss.
"I commend the strong leadership of the @MayorofLondon as he leads the city forward after this heinous attack," read the tweet attributed to Lewis Lukens.
JUST WATCHED Gore calls Trump's London mayor tweet 'divisive' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gore calls Trump's London mayor tweet 'divisive' 01:01
Gun control debate
Trump still had some points to make, using the attack in which three men steered a van at pedestrians then went on a stabbing spree. The debate should be about terrorism, he appeared to argue, not the method.
"Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!" he tweeted.
Trump's critics in the US thought his tweets were off color.
"I don't think that a major terrorist attack like this is the time to be divisive and to criticize a mayor who's trying to organize his city's response to this attack," said former Vice President Al Gore on CNN's "State of the Union."
Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, a Democrat, rejected the idea that Trump was simply dispensing hard truths that people needed to hear.
"The people of London deserve from our American leadership courage and a commitment to a grand alliance. And what they have been given is just petty politics and insults," Inslee told CNN's Ana Cabrera.
There was no official UK government response to Trump's tweets. But the special relationship has been rocky since the President took office.
Earlier this year, the London government was furious when Trump suggested that British intelligence had helped the Obama administration hack into his phones. Then after the Manchester attack, May complained US spy agencies were leaking details given to them by intelligence sources in Britain.
When Trump later headed to his swank golf club along the banks of the Potomac, he either didn't remember, or didn't care that he had often lambasted former President Barack Obama for hitting the links at moments of global crisis.
"Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf. Worse than Carter," Trump wrote in one tweet in October 2014.
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2014
The President later returned to the London attack at an evening event at Ford's Theater, saying he had offered "unwavering support" to May in a phone call, before taking the chance to once again adopt his tough-on-terror posture.
"This bloodshed must end. This bloodshed will end," Trump said. "President I will do what is necessary is to prevent this threat from spreading to our shores."
Jon Heyman of CBS Sports is reporting the Detroit Tigers and Texas Rangers have agreed to a blockbuster trade, Detroit sending first baseman Prince Fielder to Texas for second baseman Ian Kinsler. The trade is pending physicals and commissioner approval.
Fielder for Kinsler trade has been agreed to. http://t.co/9D3YUw36G5 — Jon Heyman (@JonHeymanCBS) November 21, 2013
The Tigers have made the deal official.
OFFICIAL: The #Tigers have acquired Ian Kinsler from the Rangers in exchange for Prince Fielder and cash considerations. — Detroit Tigers (@tigers) November 21, 2013
Heyman is also reporting Fielder has waived his limited no-trade clause, which included the Rangers, and agreed to the deal. Considering the large monetary difference in the contracts, Jon Paul Morosi is reporting the Tigers will pay $30 million of Fielder's contract. Heyman has not confirmed if other players are included in the deal.
Their hole at second base now filled by Kinsler, the Tigers are now in need of a first baseman. They do have internal options. Miguel Cabrera may be moved back across the infield to first, with Nick Castellanos sliding back to his original position of third base. Victor Martinez is also an option at first base.
The Rangers' impetus for the deal is their need to make room for highly regarded 20-year-old second baseman Jurickson Profar in their everyday lineup.
Fielder was rumored to be on the trade block last week, the rumblings coming during the GM meetings the Tigers were open to a deal. Though any trade of the 29-year-old Fielder was thought to be a long shot, GM Dave Dombrowski has once again prioved he's the Houdini of MLB executives, trading what was thought to be an untradeable contract.
The Rangers have showed interest in the 29-year-old first baseman before when he became a free agent after the 2011 season, but the Tigers swooped in to sign Fielder to a nine year, $214 million deal in January 2012.
The Rangers inked the 31-year-old Kinsler to a five-year, $75 million contract extension in April of 2012. He's under contract until 2018, the final season a team option. Kinsler will make $57 million over the next four seasons. The final year of his deal is worth $12 million, with a $5 million buyout clause.
Fielder is still owed $24 million a year over the next seven years, the Rangers now on the hook for $168 million until 2020.
In our series on possible off season targets, Rob made the case for Kinsler filling the Tigers' gaping hole at second base.
Since he was called up to the majors in 2006, Kinsler is tied for fourth among all second basemen with 29.1 fWAR. He and Brandon Phillips are the only two second basemen with at least 150 homers and 150 stolen bases during that span. Kinsler has had two 30/30 seasons, in 2009 and 2011. He has excellent plate discipline, with a career 9.6% walk rate and 22.5% O-swing percentage. He's no slouch defensively either, compiling +51 defensive runs saved in his eight seasons.
But there are caveats, as middle infielder rarely age well.
Kinsler is already 31 years old and will be 35 by the time he can become a free agent after the 2017 season. He hasn't shown any signs of decline yet, though he was just 15 for 26 in stolen base attempts last year. Even if Kinsler's 2018 option is bought out, he will still cost his owner more than $60 million over the next five seasons. He is worth the $16 million he will make in 2014 at the moment, but not if his power or speed start to drop off.
We'll update the story as we hear more.
More Roars
Follow @blessyouboysFollow @SBNationMLB
•Prince traded! | Implications | You weigh in
•Who should the Tigers try to trade during the hot stove season?
•Offseason target: Andre Ethier | More possibilities
• 2013 yearbook | Jhonny Peralta
•Essay: Jim Leyland's legacy in Detroit
•Follow us on Facebook!
Researchers have discovered a new security flaw in iOS 7 that could allow a malicious app to monitor and track a user's touch and button inputs while quietly running in the background. The flaw, according to research firm FireEye, buries itself in the multitasking functionality of iOS and automatically transmits all user inputs to a remote server.
To demonstrate the new security exploit, FireEye's researchers created a proof-of-concept monitoring app and installed it on a device running iOS 7, effectively bypassing Apple's App Store review process. Once installed, the app was able to track all kinds of user inputs, from the keyboard to the volume and power buttons to Touch ID verification events—even screen touches were tracked with precise coordinates.
News of the security bug arrives less than a week after Apple was forced to respond to another major vulnerability involving the way iPhones, iPads and Macs securely connect to websites via Wi-Fi or cellular. The flaw would have allowed malicious hackers to capture and modify supposedly safe data from Apple's Safari browser. The issue has been fixed for iPhones and iPads running iOS 6 or 7, but Apple is still planning to release a fix for Mac computers running OS X “very soon.”
Exterminating The Bugs
Apple issued an urgent fix for last week's security flaw—iOS 7.0.6—but this week's exploit affects all current non-jailbroken versions of iOS, including iOS 7 and iOS 6.1.x.
The only way for users to fix this issue before Apple does, according to the researchers, is to manually remove open apps from the multitasking bar, which appears with two consecutive presses of the home button. Once you open the multitasking manager, simply swipe the preview screens of the open apps to the top of the screen to close them. Apple also has a setting called “Background App Refresh,” which disallows applications from updating themselves while not in use, but FireEye said this setting could not disable the malicious code from logging data.
FireEye said it's working with Apple to fix the issue, but Cupertino has yet to publicly confirm the new security bug. I've reached out to Apple and I'll update this story as soon as I learn more.
In the meantime, we're still waiting on iOS 7.1, which will reportedly release in March with a number of visual improvements and fixes for exploits, battery issues and sudden shutdowns.
Lead images by Reuters; right image courtesy of FireEye
As part of our special report on manufacturing, we asked Neri Oxman, a professor at the MIT Media Lab and an internationally recognized artist whose work is part of the permanent collection at the Museum of Modern Art in New York, to create a sculpture that would illustrate the future of manufacturing. (See a gallery of images here.)
What she produced, in collaboration with MIT materials science professor Craig Carter, is a powerful demonstration of the possibilities of 3-D printing, using techniques that take advantage of the capabilities of 3-D printers in ways that conventional manufacturing techniques cannot.
3-D printing encompasses a range of technologies—from inkjet heads mounted on gantries that can deposit plastics layer by layer to form intricate models, to more recent laser-based systems that sinter metal powders to make durable parts for airplanes. 3-D printers have mainly been used for prototyping, but they are becoming an option for manufacturing as well, and may eventually even be used to print buildings, Oxman says. But designers and architects haven't yet learned to take advantage of their capabilities.
Oxman, who trained as an architect, says buildings are designed today with an eye toward the components they can be made of—sheets of plywood, panes of glass, steel beams, and concrete columns. As a result, those designs are limited, in much the way Lego bricks constrain the shapes that children can build. There are similar limitations in conventional manufacturing; there are some shapes that simply can't be built with existing molds and machining tools, and designers have had to design with these limits in mind.
Oxman is exploring ways to break with conventional design thinking by looking to patterns and processes found in nature, and using equations that define these processes to generate new designs. The results are often surprising shapes and structures that can be made only with 3-D printers.
To help develop the algorithms needed, Oxman has teamed up with Carter. In some cases, the algorithms provide new aesthetics, but they can also have practical applications—such as varying the structure to help bear loads. For one sculpture—a model of a chaise longue reclined chair—the team combined algorithms taken from nature with a map of the pressure a body exerts on a chair. The result depends on where the algorithms determine the chair needs to be soft to provide comfort and where it needs to be stiff to provide support.
For the sculpture Oxman made for Technology Review, she and Carter didn't have the same structural constraints imposed by a chair. The only requirements were that the result look like a cube, and that it should have the words “Making the Future” on one side. The resulting cube isn't a practical object, but it illustrates their approach to design.
The algorithms that define the shape of the sculpture are based on natural processes. One is the unmixing of two fluids. At high temperatures, oil and vinegar, for example, become completely soluble, but as the solution cools, the two fluids start to separate.
“You write down a set of equations based on what you know about thermodynamics and the kinetics of materials, and the equations develop these structures that look like fluids separating,” Carter says. The resulting sculpture looks as if that process has been frozen and a cube has been cut from the center of the liquids. To make the lettering, Carter introduced other equations that caused one “fluid” to be attracted to the letters, and the other to be repelled. (To see an animation of how the fluids move to create the lettering, created by Carter, click here.)
Oxman and Carter fiddled with the algorithms until they reached the final shape they wanted, then shipped the resulting computer-aided design file to the 3-D printing company Objet to make the six-inch cube.
The technology used to make the cube involves an inkjet printer to lay down a layer of polymer ink, which is exposed to ultraviolet light to cure it. This requires printing a sacrificial support structure made of a soft polymer that can be blasted away with a jet of water.
Oxman's designs even push the limits of existing 3-D printers—the cube was so complex that it proved impossible to remove all of the supporting material from its center. Yet pushing the limits of 3-D printing is partly her goal. Indeed, her lab at MIT is developing new kinds of 3-D printers.
Oxman's lab is also developing robotic systems that could print large concrete structures for buildings. The new robotic system is being designed to be able to vary the density of the concrete, making it possible to use dense, strong concrete where it's needed for support, and lightweight, porous concrete for non-load bearing walls, to save on materials costs. Eventually, it may even be possible to print concrete that's so porous that it's translucent, reducing the need for indoor lighting.
Oxman continues to push forward designs with her art. She says the approach used for the Technology Review cube could serve as the basis for one of the 18 sculptures in a new exhibit she is developing for the Centre Pompidou in Paris. The exhibit will open this spring.
THE first policy a new federal government should dust off when elected next year is ''Big Australia''. The Kevin Rudd initiative aimed at growing Australia's population from 22.3 million to 35 million by 2050.
Within weeks of taking the top job, Julia Gillard scrapped Big Australia realising that few votes would be garnered from the initiative. A combination of xenophobic and anti-growth feeling swelled and that was enough to bin the whole exercise.
The reality is though that without population expansion Australian economic growth will stall, placing pressure on company valuations and the performance of the sharemarket. Live examples of this already exist in Japan, Italy and Greece. Australia needs a demographic policy that involves targeted population growth.
According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics, the economy grew at an annual pace of 3.2 per cent in the 1990s of which 1.5 per cent was contributed by population growth. In the first decade of the new century, the local economy ratcheted up its growth to just under 4 per cent per year of which population growth can be credited with 1.8 per cent.
As is well documented, the Australian population, like many other Western nations, is getting older.
In the scarcely two weeks since Donald Trump's surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, he and Russian President Vladimir Putin have spoken at least twice by phone.
Their aides have had additional contacts.
That's more contact than Trump is known to have had with any other world leader since he defeated Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. But it is a concrete display of what many predicted would be a reversal in the standoffish relations between the two nuclear powers should Trump win election.
Russian news outlets reported Wednesday that Trump and Putin already are negotiating how Russia and the United States will act in the Middle East next year.
[RELATED: A new round of Russian hacks began just after the U.S. election]
Putin cultivates an image as a stern-faced tough guy with a black belt in judo who rides horses bare-chested and exiles political foes. But it appears he can hardly contain his joy at Trump's ascension to the presidency.
Putin discussed his most recent talk with Trump at a briefing in Lima, Peru, on Sunday.
“The president-elect confirmed he is willing to normalize Russian-American relations,” Putin told reporters. “I told him the same.”
Putin said he and Trump had not set a date for a personal summit, but he noted that their representatives will be meeting soon.
EDITORS: BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM
At a meeting of the 21 member nations in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation group, Putin also met with President Barack Obama, inviting him to Moscow after he leaves the White House.
Putin, however, noted the two countries' ties have been strained under Obama.
“We acknowledged that despite the fact that our dialogue was not easy – if truth be told, it was difficult to work with each other,” Putin said.
The president-elect confirmed he is willing to normalize Russian-American relations. I told him the same. Russian President Vladimir Putin
Clinton was part of the reason for the worsened relations, regularly criticizing Putin's actions at home and abroad when she was secretary of state from 2009 to 2013.
Since the 1917 Russian Revolution put Soviet communists in power in Moscow, two U.S. presidential candidates have rarely expressed more disparate views about Russia than did Trump and Clinton during their brutal, divisive campaign.
Clinton repeated denunciations of Putin for intervention in Ukraine and Syria, and for oppression at home. She joined U.S. intelligence agencies in blaming Russia for the computer hacks that resulted in the publication of thousands of embarrassing emails from the Democratic National Committee and in accusing Russia of trying to interfere in the U.S. election.
Trump, on the other hand, praised the Kremlin chief as a strong leader and vowed that as president he would work with Putin to defeat Islamic State militants in Syria. He cast doubt on Russia's role in the email hacks.
Within hours of Trump's election victory two weeks ago, Putin was one of the first world leaders to call and congratulate him. “He spoke about resuming and restoring relations with Russia,” Putin said afterward on Russian national television.
After the their most recent talk, on Nov. 14, the Kremlin said in a statement that they had discussed the need for “joint efforts against common enemy No. 1 – international terrorism and extremism.”
2 The number of teetotalers who will lead the White House and the Kremlin after Donald Trump becomes president Jan. 20
EDITORS: END OPTIONAL TRIM
On Wednesday, Russian officials continued to push the line that Trump would lead to better, more cooperative relations between the two nations. Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov said that Russia wants ties with the United States “to return to a constructive course,” adding “it would be hard to make them worse.”
He voiced support for Trump's own disparagement of the “reset” with Russia that Clinton had promoted in 2009 after becoming secretary of state with a symbolic red button that she gave Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, her Russian counterpart.
“As for a reset, we can only agree with the president-elect because this word has embarrassed itself, since the consequences of that reset are not the ones we would like to see,” Peskov said.
World War II allies and Cold War enemies Russia and the United States have sometimes clashed and sometimes cooperated since the December 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union.
Peskov's comments came as The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that Donald Trump Jr., the president-elect's eldest son, had held private discussions in Paris last month with about 30 diplomats, business leaders and politicians who support Putin, including several who have close ties with the Kremlin.
Among them was Syrian-born Randa Kassis, who leads a Russia-backed Syrian opposition group that is not demanding the immediate ouster of Moscow ally President Bashar Assad. She told the Journal she'd pressed the younger Trump to work with Russia to help defeat the Islamic State.
“We have to be realistic,” Kassis was quoted as saying. “Who's on the ground in Syria? Not the U.S., not France. Without Russia, we can't have any resolution in Syria.”
EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE
Some of Putin's domestic critics have expressed dismay at Trump's election, suggesting it would embolden the Kremlin leader.
“Winter has come,” tweeted chess champion Garry Kasparov, who published an anti-Putin book earlier this month called “Winter is Coming.” In a separate tweet, he called Putin “Trump's idol.”
DNA confirms that a child found by police in a Gypsy encampment in central Greece is the daughter of a Bulgarian migrant, who says she gave up her baby because she could not afford to care for her.
Sasha Ruseva, a 35-year-old Bulgarian Gypsy, or Roma, said she gave birth to the girl, called Maria, four years ago while working as an olive picker in Greece.
"The DNA profile showed that Sashka Ruseva is the biological mother and Atanas Rusev is the biological father of the small child called Maria," said Svetlozar Lazarov, the secretary general of Bulgaria's interior minsitry.
The girl was found last week during a crackdown by Greek authorities on Gypsy settlements. Authorities became suspicious of the couple who claimed to be her parents, because of the girl's blonde hair and blue eyes.
"We gave her, we gifted her, without money," Sashka Ruseva told Bulgaria's TV7 on Friday.
Authorities tracked Ruseva to a gypsy camp in Nikolaevo in rural Bulgaria. She was found living with her husband and several other children, in a home without running water. Five of the couple's children also have blonde hair and blue eyes and resemble Maria.
The Greek Gypsy couple, with whom Ruseva left the girl, were arrested last week for child abduction, a claim they deny.
"It confirms what my client was saying. The baby was given to them by the Bulgarian Roma woman because she could not afford to raise her. It's the first time the truth was approved and prosecution dropped abduction charges against my clients today," said Marietta Palavrasa, an attorney defending the Greek couple.
The girl is being cared for by a Greek charity and held at an undisclosed hospital.
Her discovery set off an international search to find her parents, as well as crackdowns across Europe on Gypsy settlements amid rumors that children were being sold or traded.
Hundreds of families who are missing children, including several in the United States, got their hopes up that Maria could be their child.
The mystery was deepened earlier this week when Interpol found that there was no DNA match for Maria among its international list of missing children.
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) shareholders on Tuesday widely rejected a proposal by an environmental group calling for the oil company to set and publish annual targets to reduce carbon emissions.
The vote is a setback for climate activists who are increasing pressure on global oil companies, including U.S. firms Exxon Mobil (XOM.N) and Chevron (CVX.N), to become more ambitious in helping combat climate change.
Around 94 percent of Shell shareholders who cast a vote decided against resolution 21, according to final results reported following the company's annual general meeting (AGM) in The Hague. Roughly 5 percent of voters abstained.
“The resolution is an unreasonable ask,” said Shell Chief Executive Ben van Beurden, promising to engage further with investors on how the oil company can become more transparent about its plans to tackle climate change.
Shell said binding emissions reduction targets would mean “tying its hands” and weakening the company because it would be forced to reduce production and sales.
Growing investor sensitivity to climate change risks have already led Shell to invest in renewable energy projects such as offshore wind farms.
Shareholders overwhelmingly approved the company's new remuneration policy which for the first time ties 10 percent of executives bonuses to cutting greenhouse gas emissions.
Van Beurden's speech at Tuesday's AGM began with a 30 minute presentation of Shell's initiatives to help lower carbon emissions.
Mark van Baal, founder of the Follow This activist group which put forward the resolution, said the group would target other oil companies such as BP (BP.L) as soon as funding was available.
Slideshow (3 Images)
There was also little opposition to a 60 percent increase in van Beurden's pay package, with 93 percent of shareholders supporting it in Tuesday's vote.
Last week, shareholders of rival London-listed oil company BP (BP.L) approved CEO Bob Dudley's pay package, which was 40 percent lower than the previous year.
Last year, some 60 percent of shareholders voted against Dudley's pay package of nearly $20 million (£15.4 million).
For me, the EU referendum raised a question which nobody has so far asked, namely: if there was a case for a referendum, isn't there a far stronger case for worker democracy?
Many of us were appalled by the atrocious standard of debate in the referendum. Robert Harris called the episode “the most depressing, divisive, duplicitous political event of my lifetime.” Perhaps Thatcher and Attlee were right: referendums are a “device of dictators and demagogues.”
Which brings me to the question. If you think the referendum was a good idea, you must surely think worker democracy is a far better one. I say so for three reasons:
- In a company, the electorate is much smaller, so one's vote – and that of one's immediate colleagues - is much more likely to matter. This sharpens one's incentives to think clearly and gather evidence. Ignorance and inattention are not so rational in an electorate of 1000 as in an electorate of 50 million.
- In worker democracy, voters have more skin in the game. Whereas in a national election one might hope that the costs of a bad decision are spread across the whole nation, or borne by others, this is less likely to be the case in a company. If it does badly, everyone suffers. Again, this sharpens incentives to get decisions right.
- Worker democracy asks a better question. It asks: “what do you know? How can this company do better?” It's a device for doing what Hayek thought a well-functioning market does – aggregating dispersed and fragmentary knowledge. By contrast, a referendum appeals to prejudice, ignorance and feeling.
On top of all this, worker democracy might have longer-term cultural benefits. For one thing, it would change the nature of management, by forcing bosses to listen to workers. And for another, it might increase the self-reliance and vigour of workers. As Tocqueville wrote:
Democracy does not give the people the most skilful government, but it produces what the ablest governments are frequently unable to create: namely, an all-pervading and restless activity, a superabundant force, and an energy which is inseparable from it and which may, however unfavorable circumstances may be, produce wonders. These are the true advantages of democracy.
And this is not to mention the obvious, and I think overwhelming, case for worker democracy – that it increases both productivity (pdf) and well-being.
All this raises the question. Given that the case for worker democracy is obviously so much stronger than the case for a referendum, how can anyone who favoured having a referendum oppose worker democracy?
The answer isn't that I'm vague about the precise form worker democracy should take. There are countless possible forms, just as there are many different types of political democracy. The appropriate form will differ from firm to firm.
Nor is it because shareholders are the owners of the company and so it is they rather than workers who should have control rights. For one thing, shareholders don't own the firm. And for another, they have in many cases already delegated control to rent-seekers of dubious competence: why shouldn't they therefore do so to more competent agents?
Nor is it good enough to complain that worker democracy might introduce adverse incentives, such as a reduced (pdf) incentive for firms to expand. Actually-existing capitalism has all sorts of agency problems. It is silly to compare worker democracy to some mythical idealized form of capitalism. And if we're talking high theory, the first theorem of welfare economics says that a competitive equilibrium is Pareto efficient. This draws our attention to the possibility that worker democracy plus well-functioning markets might well be more efficient than crony capitalism.
Nor is it acceptable to say there is no demand for worker democracy. This might be due to adaptive preferences, learned helplessness and to management's control of the political agenda, rather than to the fact that worker democracy is inherently undesirable.
My point here is a simple one. Worker democracy should – to say the least – be on the political agenda. That it is not is yet further evidence that politics is systemically dysfunctional.
Police in Berkeley, Illinois shot a dog named Rayleigh (WMAQ)
A mother in Berkeley, Illinois was given a citation after police shot her dog in front of her two young children.
Gina Marie Stone told WMAQ that the shooting happened while her children, ages 4 and 5, were playing outside on Friday.
“When I was putting daughter's clothes away I heard like a noise,” she recalled. “The kids came in running like ‘The cops shot Rayleigh, they killed Rayleigh.'”
Neighbor Wanda Williams said that she was shocked that Berkeley police would shoot a dog with children nearby.
“What startled me even more is that these babies were right there by the cops,” Williams explained.
Berkeley police spokesperson Sgt. Justin Patti insisted that the officer was forced to shoot the animal because it “lunged at him.”
“It was reported by one of the callers that called our station that [the children] were using conduit pipe, sticks, chasing after the dog and hitting it,” Patti said.
“The dog actually became aggressive towards the officer, lunged at him, got within close proximity and the officer had to protect himself,” he added.
Rayleigh survived the shooting, and was recovering after police reportedly transported the dog to a nearby animal hospital. As of Sunday, vet bills had already reached $350.
Stone was given a citation for having a “vicious dog at large without tags.” Officials said that additional charges were possible.
Watch the video below from WMAQ, broadcast Oct. 6, 2014.
JERUSALEM -- Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial says researchers excavating the remains of one of the most notorious Nazi death camps have uncovered a pendant that appears identical to one belonging to Anne Frank.
This undated photograph released by the Israel Antiquities Authority shows a pendant that appears identical to one belonging to Anne Frank, Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial said Sunday. Yoram Haimi, Israel Antiquities Authority via AP
Yad Vashem says Sunday it has ascertained the pendant belonged to Karoline Cohn - a Jewish girl who perished at Sobibor and may have known the famous diarist. Like Frank, Cohn was born in Frankfurt in 1929. Researchers are trying to confirm whether they were related.
One side of the pendant reads 3.7.29 -- Karoline Cohn's date of birth -- and the word “Mazel tov.” The other side features a Hebrew letter for God's name and three Stars of David.
Who betrayed Anne Frank?
The Israel Antiquities Authority has been conducting excavations at the former camp in Poland since 2007 and has already uncovered the gas chamber foundations and the original train platform.
More than 250,000 Jews were killed in Sobibor. The pendant was found along what is called the “Pathway to Heaven,” the area of the camp where Jews were forced to walk to the gas chamber, according to the Yad Vashem Museum's website.
This is the second frame I built by joining tubes with fibers and epoxy. Accelerates super easily and climbs wonderfully
Frame:
Homemade Frame / 44mm Paragon Machine Works Headtube / Paragon Machine Works 68mm English BB Shell / Paragon Machine Works Track Dropouts / Rock West Composites tubes
Fork/Headset:
Columbus Pista Leggera (drilled) / Chris King Inset 7
Crankset/Bottom Bracket:
Shimano Dura Ace 7710 / Shimano Dura Ace 7710
Pedals:
Crank Brothers Eggbeater
Drivetrain/Cog/Chainring/Chain:
1/8 in / All-City 19t / All-City Pursuit Special 48t / Izumi V Super Tough
Handlebars/Stem:
Race Face Next SL XC / 100mm Thompson x4
Saddle/Seatpost:
Fizik Arione Ti Rails / Kcnc Majestic Seat Mast Topper
Front Wheel/Hub/Tire:
DT Swiss RR411 20h symmetrical / laced radially to / DT Swiss front track 20h / with / Wheelmaster 1.8-1.5-1.8 spokes & brass nipples / Shwalbe Pro One 23mm / 30ml Velo Cafe foaming sealant / Stan's tubeless rimtape / Stan's 33mm tubeless valve
Rear Wheel/Hub/Tire:
DT Swiss RR411 24h symmetrical / laced 2 cross to / DT Swiss rear track double fixed 24h / with / DT Swiss Competition 2.0-1.8-2.0 spokes & brass nipples / Continental 4 Seasons Grand Prix
Accessories:
Black Cork bar tape / aluminum barends
More Info:
just for fun, I don't ride breakless on the regular anymore. Also IDK why it's not letting me upload photos but I'll add them for this stage when I can
Nancy Pelosi may want to get her math straight before she starts talking about tax policy.
The House minority leader took to Twitter on Wednesday evening to blast “trickle-down economics” and the presidents who supported it — incorrectly labeling George H.W. Bush “43” and George W. Bush “44” in the process.
“Reagan. Bush 43. Bush 44. They all tried ‘Trickle-Down Economics.' And not once did it help to work families,” Pelosi tweeted, along with the hashtag #NotOnePenny.
For those who aren't aware, George H.W. Bush was the 41st president of the United States — while his son W. was the 43rd.
Pelosi's post wound up sparking countless replies, with many pointing out the error.
“Nancy Pelosi thinks George W. Bush was the President immediately after his father. Where did Bill Clinton go?” tweeted Daily Caller reporter David Hookstead.
“Even Nancy Pelosi admits that @BarackObama is nearly identical to George W Bush,” added Andrew Magloughlin.
Miguel Radimez said, “In Pelosi's world it would have been a Bush Hat Trick. 43, 44 & 45.”
Pelosi (D-Calif.) later deleted the tweet and fired off another one, with the correct numbers.
“Yay..you must have sobered up Nan. You got the Bush numbers correct this time,” wrote one Twitter user in response.
Pelosi has been a vocal opponent of trickle-down economics in the past. She believes the GOP's ongoing push for tax reform is actually a way to enact the theory.
“Don't call it reform, because it is not reform,” Pelosi said last month. “It's just more of the same trickle-down economics that want hardworking middle class families to pay more. And we say, not one penny more in deficit-exploding tax breaks for the wealthiest in our country.”
That's all from us on yet another historic day in Scottish Politics, on 13 March 2017.
Today Nicola Sturgeon confirmed she will ask for permission to hold a second referendum on Scottish independence.
Ms Sturgeon said she wanted a vote to be held between the autumn of 2018 and the spring of the following year.
Video content Video caption: Nicola Sturgeon to call indyref2 in autumn 2018 or spring 2019 Nicola Sturgeon to call indyref2 in autumn 2018 or spring 2019
That would coincide with the expected conclusion of the UK's Brexit negotiations.
The Scottish first minister said the move was needed to protect Scottish interests in the wake of the UK voting to leave the EU.
She will ask the Scottish Parliament next Tuesday to request a Section 30 order from Westminster.
Video content Video caption: PM: SNP 'tunnel vision' over independence 'deeply regrettable' PM: SNP 'tunnel vision' over independence 'deeply regrettable'
Prime Minister Theresa May has so far avoided saying whether or not she would grant permission.
Responding to Ms Sturgeon's announcement, Mrs May said a second independence referendum would set Scotland on course for "uncertainty and division" and insisted that the majority of people in Scotland did not want another vote on the issue.
She added: "The tunnel vision that SNP has shown today is deeply regrettable.
"Instead of playing politics with the future of our country, the Scottish government should focus on delivering good government and public services for the people of Scotland. Politics is not a game."
Federal policy is upshifting toward self-driving cars as automakers and tech companies from Apple (AAPL) to Volvo race to build them, with the Department of Transportation planning to update its position in weeks.
With safety and traffic at stake, the agency is also moving toward requiring all new cars to be equipped with vehicle-to-vehicle communication technologies.
"I expect the changes to our approach to autonomous vehicles will come out within the next several weeks," Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx told IBD in a press conference call Monday afternoon. And "we expect the proposed rule on vehicle-to-vehicle technologies to come out before the end of this administration, so certainly within the next year."
Foxx made the remarks on the heels of last week's passage by Congress of a five-year transportation bill that, among other things, requires revision of the five-star safety rating system to reflect whether a vehicle has crash-avoidance systems such as automatic braking and lane-change monitoring.
Tesla Motors (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk has been among the most vocal proponents of self-driving car technology, with the Autopilot system on Tesla electric vehicles that he personally tests. Its technology, which can currently do automatic braking and keep a car in lane, is deployed on about 40,000 Model S sedans and Model X crossover SUVs.
Plenty of other carmakers also are far down the road to automation with "active safety" technologies. And a raft of tech companies are involved in self-driving car and connected-car partnerships with automakers or each other. NXP Semiconductors (NXPI), for one, said Monday that it has completed its merger with Freescale Semiconductor (FSL). Both are active in connected cars, as is visual-computing chipmaker Nvidia (NVDA), a partner to Tesla and helping to power the Volkswagen (VLKAY) Audi self-driving car. Other chip and tech companies in the game include advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) makers Ambarella (AMBA) and Mobileye (MBLY).
Alphabet's (GOOGL) Google was an early player in developing its own self-driving car, and is also testing some technology on vehicles from Toyota's (TM) Lexus division.
Smart City Challenge
Monday's DOT press conference was called to introduce a $50 million smart-transportation contest for midsize cities that runs through early 2016. The Smart City Challenge aims to "create a fully integrated, first-of-its-kind city that uses data, technology and creativity to shape how people and goods move in the future," the DOT said in its announcement. Some $10 million of the prize is being contributed by Microsoft (MSFT) co-founder Paul Allen's Vulcan Inc.
"Some of the types of things we're looking at are technology elements such as the extent to which communities are willing to engage autonomous vehicles, connected vehicles and intelligent transportation systems," Foxx said. The DOT also will look at the use of analytics, smart grids, roadway electrification and electric cars.
In its vision for future cities, the DOT is "imagining connected and autonomous vehicles that can practically eliminate crashes," he said, "and interact with wireless infrastructure to eliminate traffic jams."
Intelligent Transportation
Automakers have been keeping tabs for a long time on where such "intelligent transportation systems" are headed — linking up highway infrastructure with car communications to route traffic, for instance.
Ford (F) showed off traffic jam-thwarting "intelligent vehicle technology" as far back as 2011, at a Los Angeles press event, in which specialized Wi-Fi and GPS warning systems helped cars avoid collisions while driving around Dodger Stadium.
"Here we're using very low-cost GPS technology. We get all this information from every other car out there," Mike Shulman, Ford's technical leader for active safety research and innovation, told IBD in the ride-along then. "Your car would be sending and receiving these messages."
The DOT started testing vehicle-to-vehicle communication technology, or V2V, with a 3,000-car deployment in 2012. About a year later it released a policy on automated vehicle development, launching research "so that the agency has the tools to establish standards for these vehicles, should the vehicles become commercially available," according to the policy paper.
Tech companies and carmakers or a consortium of them could potentially become part of a smart-city contest submission.
"I think there will be all kinds of partnerships discussed," Foxx said in the news conference.
Not Ready For Robocars
Not everyone's on board with the idea of taking active-safety technologies to the next level — that is, to self-driving cars, which already are allowed to be tested in several states with a professional driver. In a letter Thursday to the heads of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the public-interest group Consumer Watchdog lobbied regulators to go slow at writing any new rules allowing self-driving cars.
"Self-driving robot cars are not ready for public use, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) must not rush to implement regulations covering the vehicles as it updates its policy on automated vehicle technologies," the group wrote.
RELATED: Consumer Group Warns On Robot Cars; Tesla Goes There
JOSH Papalii hits like a demon but off the field the Canberra Raiders enforcer is chasing a post-footy career in the priesthood.
In a revelation that may stun the Parramatta Eels fans he snubbed to stay in the ACT, Papalii is a deeply religious and principled man off the field who regularly features with Raiders teammates serving meals to the needy at St Johns Church in Canberra.
In an interview for Fox Sports' Sterlo, the Queensland Origin hitman said he was serious about donning the cloth once his NRL career was done.
WATCH JOSH PAPALII'S INTERVIEW WITH STERLO ABOVE
"I guess this (helping the needy) is one of the steps to helping my course off the field, just becoming a priest," Papalii said.
"Just saying goodbye to all the fun things like going out clubbing, drinking ... It's a sacrifice for the real things I want.
"Becoming a priest is not easy but it's something I'm really looking into and hopefully that all goes well after my career."
Papalii, 21, said feeding meals to the poor had a major influence on his decision.
"The first time I came in it really changed my life, it just opened my eyes to the real world, not the ones fortunate with money. With fame we can really help people in need," he said.
"I guess God gave me the talent to play and the name you can have playing at the top level, you say one thing and the world will listen. God just gave me the talent and I've just got to share the word."
Young teammate Anthony Milford said Papalii had already become a leader in the team.
"He's always trying to do his part where he can to help out the community. It's really good for us young boys to have a role model like that," Milford said.
Co-captain Terry Campese said Papalii's transformation from Christian soldier to tackling demon was amazing.
" On the field he just transforms into this machine with the way he tackles and runs the ball," Campese said.
Published : 10/30/2015 00:44:32
Snus Master Blender Conny Andersson and I, Moe Unz, have been drinking companions for longer than I can remember. I first learned of the plan for the new Crafted Snus premium designer snus way back in January.
It has been a very long wait but finally, in collaboration with AG Snus, the first two snuses of the Crafted Snus brand is now in first generation release.
Crafted Snus Whisky Snus by Conny Andersson is being offered in both portion and white portion version.
While whisky is a very popular flavor with Conny (and of course me), Crafted Snus Whisky is a very different snus experience than Andersson's previous creation, Islay Whisky Portion Snus; made by GN Tobacco.
While both have tobacco aged in whisky barrels, the whisky is quite different. Whisky made on Islay Island has a very different character than the Scottish Highlands.
The manufacturing process is also very different; Islay Whisky Snus is fermented while Crafted Snus Whisky is pasteurized, for example.
Crafted Snus Whisky - The Snus
As with his other creations, the first carefully chosen components of the snus are the tobaccos to be used in the blend.
In the case of Crafted Snus Whisky, six different 100% Lamina tobaccos are used:
- Indisk Kurnool Light Air Cured
- Amerikansk Green River/One Sucker
- Guatemala Light Air Cured
- Spansk Air Cured
- Mata Norte
- Latakia
Fans of the old Swedish Match Kardus Superior Edition snuses will remember most of these from different past Kardus recipes.
The Mata Norte is a cigar tobacco from Brazil and is sweet tobacco with a lot of chocolate notes.
Those of you in Sweden, or who have friends in Sweden, who were able to experience Mellgren's IPA Single Cut Lös Snus will recognize the Mata Norte Tobacco flavor in the blend.
Conny Andersson also designed Mellgren's with the help of me, Moe Unz! I helped by being out of town for 3 weeks.
Mata Norte and Latakia stays in used whisky barrels from Glenfarclas for two weeks, absorbing the aroma and character of the barrels.
The Glenfarclas Distillery is a Speyside whisky distillery in Ballindalloch, Scotland. I also enjoy whisky from the Scottish Highlands as well as Islay which no doubt played a role in Conny choosing Glenfarclas.
The flavour is Straight Glenfaclas; whisky with walnut leaves giving an almond tone to the snus.
The original portion of Craft Snus Whisky is perfect in my opinion. Conny wants to add a little more moisture to the next batch of the white portion. I have all the moisture I need by drinking whisky with this snus.
For those interested, the nicotine level in this introduction batch of Craft Snus is 1.1%. Conny will be raising the nicotine a little to 1.3% in the next batch.
Both Original and White portion Craft Snus Whisky is of course available at our legendary SnusCentral.com Snus Shop.
I also thank Conny Andersson for giving me, Moe Unz, some insights into this wonderful snus.
You may also have noticed that this post is more coherent than my usual writing. This is thanks to the editing skills of Larry Waters at SnusCENTRAL.org. In truth, his version is much different than what I sent him.
I don't know if that is a good thing or not but my name is going on this anyway!
Vänliga hälsningar/Best regards/Med venlig hilsen,
MOE UNZ
Legendary Swedish Snus Lord and Manager;
The Snus Shop at SnusCentral.com
Haringey Council threatened with legal action as it takes the first step to privatise £2bn of land
Hundreds of protesters gathered outside Haringey's cabinet meeting on Tuesday. Photo: Nigel Sutton © Nigel Sutton email pictures@nigelsuttonphotography.com
An overseas developer has been confirmed for Haringey's plans to privatise large swathes of council estates and land - as legal action is launched and hundreds waved colourful signs in protest
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Campaigners hope to stop the council land sell-off - before it is too late. Photo: Nigel Sutton Campaigners hope to stop the council land sell-off - before it is too late. Photo: Nigel Sutton
Australian-based developers Lendlease have been selected as the council's partner for its contested £2bn Haringey Development Vehicle (HDV), which is due to be approved in the summer.
Under the unprecedented plans, the largest of their kind ever proposed by a UK council, swathes of council land, housing and business property will be transferred to a private company, owned 50/50 by the council and Lendlease.
Alexandra Park resident Gordon Peters, chair of Older People's Reference Group for Haringey, sent a legal letter to the council, demanding they halt the HDV process and insisting the project needs more scrutiny.
He is concerned the final decision on the HDV will be taken by a small number of Labour councillors on Haringey's cabinet rather than the full council. He has vowed to trigger a judicial review process if council leader Cllr Claire Kober fails to respond by February 27.
Speaking after Tuesday's decision, he said: “Appalling decision and I think a huge own goal for council leadership.”
Cllr Gail Engert, Lib Dem leader of the opposition, said: “This decision is far too big and far too important to be taken by a handful of Labour cabinet members.”
The council says the scheme will unlock the benefits of 5,000 new homes in the borough, although some council estates will be demolished to make way for new homes.
Cllr Kober said: “This 50:50 partnership ensures the council is involved in all decisions and, crucially, can ensure that a share of the profits goes back into other regeneration initiatives, affordable housing and funding the services we provide for residents.”
A Lendlease spokesman said: “This 50:50 partnership is an exciting opportunity to work with the borough and the community to deliver the council's growth ambitions and unlock new jobs, homes, schools and a wide range of other benefits for local people.
“We recognise the long-term commitment and responsibilities inherent in this, and are looking forward to working with the council to follow the necessary process over the coming months.”
Sites that may be included in the HDV include the former Cranwood care home in Muswell Hill.
Fix looks at solutions to social problems and why they work.
This week in Washington, people from Detroit, Tucson, New Orleans, San Diego, Atlanta and nine other cities gathered to celebrate doing the impossible. The participants share a tough job: getting homeless veterans off the street and into apartments and social services. They work in cities that have large numbers of homeless vets — but most of their cities were making only modest progress toward housing them.
Not anymore. Before the summer, San Diego was putting 14 homeless veterans a month into apartments. In the last 100 days, the monthly average more than doubled, to 32. In San Antonio, it used to take 207 days to put a newly identified homeless person in an apartment — now it's 71 days. Detroit created one-stop shopping with all the various agencies needed to house a veteran all together, and sped up its housing process from an average of 113 days to just 20.
Most cities, moreover, also greatly improved their focus on the most needy — the chronically homeless, many of whom are mentally ill or have substance abuse issues. Cities are not only moving faster, they're doing that with more difficult clients. In Atlanta, for example, only 26 percent of housing vouchers used to go to the chronically homeless. In the last 100 days, however, 93 percent go to those most vulnerable.
These cities are all participating in a campaign by a national movement of communities called the 100,000 Homes Campaign, which aims to get 100,000 chronically homeless or otherwise particularly vulnerable people into housing. (They are a fifth of the way there.) 100,000 Homes supercharged the housing process this summer using Rapid Results — a strategy that helps communities jump-start projects by breaking off a 100-day chunk, setting wildly ambitious goals and using any (legal) means necessary to achieve them.
Both of these groups are familiar to Fixes readers. My colleague David Bornstein wrote about the 100,000 Homes campaign in December 2010. That group's leaders learned about the Rapid Results Institute a year ago by reading these Fixes columns. It was a Fixes match.
There are about 67,000 homeless veterans in the United States today, and according to Mark Johnston, the acting assistant secretary for community planning and development at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, at least a third are chronically homeless. It's an enormous number in some ways — but break it down city by city, and it's manageable. Atlanta, for example, has around 850 chronically homeless vets to house: the San Diego region around 600. A big push can make a difference.
If housing the homeless is expensive, consider the cost of not housing them. The average chronically homeless person costs taxpayers $40,000 — the price of jail, mental institutions, emergency rooms. And after that $40,000 is spent, they are no closer to having a home. “It's less expensive to solve the problem than to perpetuate it,” said Johnston.
Back in June 2011, 100,000 Homes and its Los Angeles partner, a task force started by the United Way and the Chamber of Commerce called Home for Good, convened people who worked on housing in L.A. They played a game designed to map out every step in the cumbersome housing process — producing “a giant maze of terror,” according to Jake Maguire, 100,000 Homes' communications director. Then they looked for every possible way to cut it down. It was successful enough that 100,000 Homes repeated it in New York City.
100,000 Homes Campaign
It helped to streamline the system — but it wasn't enough. “We wanted not only changes in process, but lots of other changes,” said Beth Sandor, the group's director of improvement. They were looking to create a sense of urgency, bigger goals, closer coordination, more confidence. So 100,000 Homes called Nadim Matta, who runs the Rapid Results Institute.
Because money was short and travel costs high, Rapid Results did what Matta calls a “low-touch” version of its usual program. There were three initial boot camps, in San Diego, Orlando, Fla., and Houston. But then instead of using Rapid Results coaches throughout the 100 days, the program participants used regional conference calls to coach one another. Once a month the calls included the project's federal partners: HUD, the Department of Veterans Affairs and an interagency group called Usich.
The challenge has largely succeeded. Four cities housed more than 100 homeless veterans in 100 days. Others came close, and nearly all reported that they had found new ways of working that would speed things up in the future. Some of the changes were improvements to the process: Atlanta, for example, had previously counted on the chronically homeless to go out and find apartments on their own. Unsurprisingly, this strategy was not working. So the city hired a third-party provider to help the veterans find a place to live and to act as a fiscal agent for moving costs and security deposits. Veterans Affairs in Atlanta divided caseworkers into teams, which competed to house the most veterans.
For many people, however, the most important change came in the forging of relationships. In Atlanta and San Diego, among other cities, decision makers in every relevant agency and outside group met every week, alternating face-to-face meetings with on-line meetings or conference calls. “”Having everyone at the table on a regular basis was a real culture change for Atlanta,” said Susan Lampley, who leads the city's work on homelessness in the office of Mayor Kasim Reed. “It builds trust, generates pressure to fulfill your deliverables, and allows transparency into the process. “
“Relationships count from the very first touch with a veteran on the street, all the way through the system,” said Patricia Leslie, who is the chairwoman of a broad community group that focuses on ending homelessness in San Diego. “The more we know each other, the better troops we make.”
~~~~~
There's more recent news about programs we've written about.
Pack Mentality: Previously in Fixes, Australia passed a law mandating that all cigarettes be sold in nearly identical packs featuring very large and graphic health warnings. The only brand difference would be the name — written in a small, standardized font. The idea was to eliminate the use of the pack as a platform for cigarette marketers and a social cue for smokers. Your cigarette would no longer make a statement about who you are. (Teenagers see generic packs as much less cool.)
Australia's law — which other governments, including that of Britain, are looking at with interest — faced two legal challenges. On Aug. 15, it won the first — Australia's high court upheld the law against a challenge from tobacco companies. The new plain packages are to start arriving in stores this week, and all packs must be plain by Dec. 1. Australia still has a World Trade Organization battle brewing — a loss would hit the country with trade damages.
A Beneficial Bond: In June, I wrote about the hottest new idea for fighting poverty: social impact bonds, an attempt to finance government initiatives that promise to improve people's lives and save money over the long term, but require a big up-front investment. With a social impact bond, private-sector investors supply the up-front money — and the program's success determines whether they lose their money or make a good profit. Tax dollars kick in only if the program works.
Related More From Fixes Read previous contributions to this series.
I visited the first such project, in Peterborough, England, which aims to cut recidivism. Other projects in preparation around the world will try to house the homeless or improve health and education.
Now New York City has become the first place in America to introduce a social impact bond. In August, the city announced a project designed to cut juvenile crime. The Adolescent Behavioral Learning Experience is a program with a proven track record that will work with 16-to-18-year-olds jailed on Rikers Island, helping them improve their decision making and self-control. Financing for four years will come from Goldman Sachs, which is putting up $9.6 million. If at that point the recidivism of this group falls by 10 percent compared to a group of similar adolescents detained earlier, the city will repay Goldman. More success means more money for Goldman; if recidivism falls by 20 percent, Goldman will make $2.1 million profit.
If ABLE does not meet its goal, the city pays nothing. But don't feel sorry for Goldman. Its risk is only $2.4 million — the rest of its investment is guaranteed by Bloomberg Philanthropies. In effect, the mayor is betting his own money that the program succeeds. Now that's accountability.
Join Fixes on Facebook and follow updates on twitter.com/nytimesfixes.
Tina Rosenberg won a Pulitzer Prize for her book “The Haunted Land: Facing Europe's Ghosts After Communism.” She is a former editorial writer for The Times and the author of, most recently, “Join the Club: How Peer Pressure Can Transform the World” and the World War II spy story e-book “D Is for Deception.”
Two foreign tourists take pictures in Beijing's Temple of Heaven. Despite an increase in the number of overseas visits in the first nine months of this year, the inbound tourism industry is unlikely to meet its five-year target. [Photo/China Daily]
China's struggling inbound tourism industry has shown signs of rebounding, a new report says.
The report, released on Monday by the China Tourism Academy, a think tank under the China National Tourism Administration, looked at inbound tourism from January to October. It said the total visits made by overseas tourists in the 10-month period surpassed 100 million, an increase of 4.4 percent compared with the same period last year.
Total revenue from inbound tourism in the first 10 months reached $47.4 billion, an increase of 0.9 percent. Foreign visitors spent $28.5 billion.
Dai Bin, president of the China Tourism Academy, said the report confirms his assessment of last month, when he said, "The continuing downward trend has been contained and China will see positive growth both in inbound tourist visits and expenditures by the end of this year".
During the period of the 12th Five-Year Plan (2011-15), China's inbound tourism industry has seen three years of declining overseas visits. After slight growth in 2011, the next three years saw consecutive declines of up to 2.51 percent in the number of overseas visits.
Overseas visitors from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan contributed to the rebound, accounting for about 80 percent of the total inbound visits. South Korea, Japan and Vietnam ranked as the top three source countries by the numbers of inbound visits. The biggest increase was in visits from Vietnam, which increased by 33.6 percent in the 10 months.
During the same period, visits by Russian tourists fell by 27.6 percent.
Nguyen Thi Bich Hang, a Chinese translator in Hanoi, Vietnam, said Vietnamese tourists like to travel in China, especially during the Spring Festival period. "China and Vietnam share a common culture. Vietnamese tourists are attracted by the magnificent landscape of China.
"The marketing and promotion campaigns by Chinese travel agencies have worked. It is very cheap to travel in China right now. A seven-day trip to Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, only costs 4,600 yuan ($718)," she added.
Xu Xiaolei, a spokesman for China Youth Travel Service, said the rebound is fragile and could easily be influenced by factors such as political tensions and economic slowdown.
"Some fast growth came from the close economic and diplomatic ties between China and the source countries, which could easily be affected," said Xu. "I think part of this year's rebound came from the improvement of products and services provided by Chinese travel agencies. And this growth would be very slow instead of sharp and rapid."
Following small-scale trials, Korean officials are reportedly moving forward with a plan to install remote management software on students' smartphones. iSmartKeeper is an app that restricts what services and apps students have access to. With the app installed, teachers have the ability to lock phones down in one of six modes. Educators can choose to lock all of the phones in the school, allow only emergency calls, allow only phone calls, allow calls and SMS, or turn off specific apps. The idea is to prevent distractions in class, and iSmartKeeper can also allow access to only a single app, ensuring that educational apps can still be used as teaching aids.
A Korean-language news report showing (at 35 seconds) iSmartKeeper's remote lockdown feature.
These settings can adhere to a schedule so a teacher could automate the settings to, for example, allow access to only a certain educational app in class while preventing text messages and chat, and then unlock the phones entirely during recess. The app can also utilize GPS geofencing to automatically begin restricting phones as students enter school grounds. In addition to the teacher tools, parents are provided with a management app that can block access to certain apps on a permanent basis, or similar scheduling tools to prevent a child from chatting while they're supposed to be completing their homework.
Some students rooted their phones to avoid restrictions
To date, the app has been trialled in at least 11 schools in Korea's capital, Seoul, and in other nearby provinces with mixed results. At least three schools chose not to continue with the scheme after finding that children were rooting their phones to circumvent the restrictions. One student reported that the geofencing tools didn't work, leading to phones being locked down for hours after kids had left school. The app is also Android only, meaning children with iOS and Windows Phone devices are unaffected. Android has a huge lead in Korea, largely due to the popularity of native brands like LG and Samsung, but iSmartKeepers' developers say an iOS version is coming next month. Others have raised concerns over the app's draconian nature, with one professor calling it a violation of students' human rights. Nonetheless, Korea's Gangwon Provincial Office of Education is reportedly advising all 677 schools in the province to begin using iSmartKeeper, while other areas of the country continue to trial the software.
Hyunhu Jang contributed to this article.
Major League clubs continue to trim their rosters by reassigning prospects to Minor League camp as the regular season approaches. Some notable cuts made Saturday:
Braves
Top pitching prospect Sean Newcomb was one of 12 players who were optioned or reassigned to Minor League camp as part of the Braves' initial roster cuts. The 22-year-old left-hander appeared to struggle with his command in a pair of Grapefruit League appearances in which he surrendered six runs on five hits and six walks over 1 2/3 innings.
Newcomb was acquired from the Angels as the key piece in the Andrelton Simmons deal last November. The 2014 first-round pick pitched at three levels last season, going 9-3 with a 2.38 ERA and an organization-leading 168 strikeouts over 136 innings between Class A Burlington, Class A Advanced Inland Empire and Double-A Arkansas.
Newcomb is ranked as MLB.com's No. 21 overall prospect and fourth-best left-handed prospect.
"I think he goes back and gets ready for his season and works toward starting ballgames and stretching himself out," Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez told MLB.com.
Newcomb will be joined in Minor League camp by Braves No. 14 prospect Chris Ellis, another piece from the Simmons deal, as well as infielder Rio Ruiz (No. 16). No. 8 prospect Tyrell Jenkins was optioned to Triple-A Gwinnett.
"We're going to see those guys," Gonzalez said of the pitchers who were reassigned. "Sometime during the course of the year, just the way that pitching is at the big league level, you're going to see them. … That's what I told these guys: Just be ready."
Tigers
Left-hander Kevin Ziomek, the club's No. 6 prospect, was sent to Minor League camp. Selected in the second round of the 2013 Draft, he was named the Tigers' Minor League Pitcher of the Year in 2015 after he went 9-11 with a 3.43 ERA and 143 strikeouts over 154 2/3 innings for Class A Advanced Lakeland. The 23-year-old gave up three runs on two hits and two walks while fanning three over three frames in two appearances this spring.
When Carmelo Anthony trade rumors are brought up, the usual suspects typically dominate the conversation.
Teams like the Clippers, Celtics, Cavaliers and Lakers are the teams Anthony is primarily connected to among fans and NBA talking heads. Here's one idea that doesn't involve those teams--and incorporates a Knicks rival.
Basketball Insiders' Tommy Beer came up with plausible trade scenarios for Anthony, including a deal that would send the 32-year-old to the Miami Heat this summer.
Here's what Beer wrote.
New York sends Carmelo Anthony to the Miami Heat in exchange for Justise Winslow and Josh McRoberts.
This would only be possible once the Heat cleared Chris Bosh's salary off their books. It also assumes McRoberts exercises his $6 million player option for 2017-18.
Miami was rightfully ecstatic when Winslow fell to them at No. 10 in the 2015 draft. He was immediately viewed as a cornerstone piece for the franchise. However, his first two NBA seasons have not gone according to plan. He appeared in only 18 games during the 2017-18 campaign before a torn labrum in his right shoulder ended his season prematurely. In the 18 contests he played in, Winslow shot 35.6 percent from the floor, 20.0 percent from three-point territory and 61.7 percent from the free throw line. All that said, he is still only 21 years of age and projects as a terrific perimeter defender with a high basketball IQ.
Nevertheless, might Pat Riley be tempted to trade his prized youngster for a player that would be able to provide significant help right away. The HEAT went 30-11 over their final 41 games last season. The Golden State Warriors (33-9) were the only team in the entire league to tally more victories over the second half of the season. The HEAT have to believe they are close to being a real threat in the East. Miami would be able to trot out a starting five that included Goran Dragic, Josh Richardson, Anthony, and Hassan Whiteside, with Tyler Johnson coming off the bench. The issue for Miami is that they would not only have to part with Winslow, but they'd also have to use most of their coveted cap space to absorb Melo's contract.
Knicks taking calls on Porzingis?
Winslow hasn't been a star for Miami, but this feels like a no-brainer for the Knicks. Plus, Pat Riley is always chasing stars in South Beach.
Joe Giglio may be reached at jgiglio@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JoeGiglioSports. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The causes are manifold, including unemployment that has risen to more than 10 percent and dissatisfaction with the longtime mayor, Michael Häupl. His working-class base is eroding; others fault him for failing to end cozy patronage systems that favor the powerful over the poor.
What everyone is wondering now is what effect the migrants will have.
Thousands of Viennese have greeted tens of thousands of refugees arriving from Hungary this month. The national government, which had long flailed on the issue, found a firm voice and strongly criticized Budapest for putting refugees on trains that led them not west to Austria, but to a camp in Hungary. This, said Chancellor Werner Faymann, a Social Democrat, “brings up memories of our Continent's darkest period.”
Like Germany, Austria loudly advocates asylum for refugees. Its projected total of applicants, many from the Middle East, is 80,000 this year, meaning that, like Germany's, its population may grow by 1 percent.
But its image as a caretaker for waves of refugees over decades — Hungarians, Czechs, Slovaks, Poles, East Germans and former Yugoslavs escaping Communism or war — suffered this summer. Its main refugee center at Traiskirchen was found to be squalid, with inadequate medical care and more than 1,000 people sleeping in the open. When the authorities refused to admit a group from Doctors Without Borders, leftists seethed.
When a reporter visited the camp in late August, conditions had improved, although tents still provided shelter for 1,200 of the 3,000 people there. Austrians shocked by the conditions had brought so many clothes, toys and other goods that containers overflowed with rejects.
Opponents of the far right hope events — the greeting of the migrants and the discovery of 71 corpses in a truck abandoned by smugglers — have turned the tables on Mr. Strache.
Chelsea Clinton evaded reporters outside of Northeastern University in Boston on Saturday asking whether the Clinton Foundation would return donations from alleged sex offender Harvey Weinstein.
The Daily Mail reports that the Clinton Foundation board member and former first daughter ran from reporters after a Clinton Global Initiative event asking if the Clinton Foundation would return $250,000 worth of donations from Weinstein.
“Chelsea, will the foundation give back the donations from Harvey Weinstein?” the reporter asked Chelsea as she left the CGI lunch event through a side door. “Do you plan to return the $100,000?”
Clinton Foundation press staff blocked a Daily Mail reporter from asking former President Bill Clinton questions at a public event the night before.
Bill and Chelsea appeared at Northeastern University to headline CGI's annual student conference.
Democratic politicians including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), and Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) have all pledged to donate Weinstein's political contributions to charity in light of the rape accusations.
The University of Southern California also said it would return Weinstein's donations as more women came forward accusing him of sexual assault.
Hillary Clinton said this week that she would return the more than $35,000 Weinstein donated to her 2016 campaign but the Clinton Foundation has been largely silent on the subject of Weinstein's donations.
Records show that Weinstein gave between $100,000 and $250,000 to the foundation.
The Clinton Foundation is no stranger to accepting contributions from donors with questionable reputations. The foundation has accepted millions of dollars from countries with records of treating women horribly, such as Qatar and Saudi Arabia.
Breitbart News Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer's book Clinton Cash exposed a lot of the shady deal-making between the Clinton Foundation's donors, Bill Clinton's six-figure speeches, and the U.S. State Department's actions while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.
The Clinton Foundation laid off a good chunk of its staffers and closed the Clinton Global Initiative as a result of Schweizer's book.
In what can only be described as the single most riveting interview ever given by a White House staffer, brand new White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci offloaded his thoughts to Ryan Lizza of The New Yorker in an on-the-record, taped phone call on Wednesday night. The thoughts were plentiful and colorful. Even more colorful than his call-in interview with CNN this morning, in which he suggested that White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus was a leaker.
The interview began with Scaramucci threatening to fire everyone on the White House communications staff after Lizza asked about President Trump meeting with former Fox News executive Bill Shine. It got crazier from there. “I ask these guys not to leak anything and they can't help themselves,” The Mooch explained. “You're an American citizen, this is a major catastrophe for the American country. So I'm asking you as an American patriot to give me a sense of who leaked it.” When Lizza demurred, The Mooch stated, “OK, I'm going to fire every one of them, and then you haven't protected anybody, so the entire place will be fired over the next two weeks.”
Then The Mooch got really angry:
They'll all be fired by me. I fired one guy the other day. I have three to four people I'll fire tomorrow. I'll get to the person who leaked that to you. Reince Priebus — if you want to leak something — he'll be asked to resign very shortly. … Reince is a f***ing paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac. [In Reince's voice] "Oh, Bill Shine is coming in. Let me leak the f***ing thing and see if I can c***-block these people the way I c***-blocked Scaramucci for six months."
Continuing his rant, Scaramucci took on the release of his public disclosure forms — which were publicly available, but which Scaramucci attributed to Reince's leaks. “I've called the FBI and the Department of Justice. The swamp will not defeat him. They're trying to resist me, but it's not going to work. I've done nothing wrong on my financial disclosures, so they're going to have to go f*** themselves.”
Then it got truly nuts: Scaramucci tried to claim that he has no interest in being in the public eye. “I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own c***. I'm not trying to build my own brand off the f***ing strength of the president. I'm here to serve the country.” The Mooch then went off on Priebus again, and explained that he had told Trump that Priebus would try to hit him through leaks.
He continued:
What I want to do is I want to f***ing kill all the leakers and I want to get the President's agenda on track so we can succeed for the American people. ... O.K., the Mooch showed up a week ago,” he said. “This is going to get cleaned up very shortly, O.K.? Because I nailed these guys. I've got digital fingerprints on everything they've done through the F.B.I. and the fucking Department of Justice. ... Well, the felony, they're gonna get prosecuted, probably, for the felony.
Which felony? Nobody knows.
Scaramucci then told Lizza, “Yeah, let me go, though, because I've gotta start tweeting some s*** to make this guy crazy.” Minutes later, he sent the tweet that implied that Priebus was leaking from the White House.
So, all this is going well.
Just wait until tomorrow's episode!
Ohio Gov. John Kasich said in an interview airing Sunday that nominating someone who can't win in November--like GOP front-runner Donald Trump or Texas Sen. Ted Cruz--would be crazy.
"What, are we going to pick someone who can't win? I mean, that would be nuts," Kasich said in an interview for CBS' "Face the Nation."
The Ohio governor, who has repeatedly pitched himself as the most electable option in the Republican primary, said a Trump or Cruz general-election candidacy could cost Republicans the U.S. Senate.
"We're not just talking about the presidential race, but frankly if we get blown out in the fall, which I think we would with both Cruz and Trump, we could lose the United States Senate," he said. "We would lose seats all the way from the state house to the court house. And I think this is going to be a big consideration at the convention."
Kasich defended his continued presence in the race and his path going forward, saying he'll rack up as many delegates as he can between now and the last primaries in June. He named a handful of the East Coast states with primaries in April--including New York, which votes next on April 19--as places that are good opportunities for him to win delegates.
CBS News' current delegate count has Kasich at 143 delegates, behind Trump at 743 and Cruz at 540.
"Here in New York we're running in second place," he said. "...This congressional district I'm running even with Donald Trump. You know and the crowds are growing as we mentioned. I mean I had, I don't know, three, four thousand people here, today."
But why did Kasich do so poorly in Wisconsin last week, where he picked up zero delegates? Kasich said it was a combination of a more conservative electorate, negative ads run against him and the "stop Trump" movement.
"I think Wisconsin first of all in the Republican party is far more conservative than what we saw in Michigan or Ohio," he said. "Secondly, it turned into a stop Trump effort. And Ted Cruz spent over a million dollars smearing me up there. And we didn't spend the resources to fight back. We were prepared to live with that result."
Ultimately, Kasich argued, having fewer delegates at the start of the convention in Cleveland won't matter because the numbers can change so much when many delegates become unbound after the first ballot.
"I think you're going to see a significant change in the delegates voting after the first ballot. And we have like the best people who can know how to manage a convention," he said. "The key for me there is going to make sure that I'm able to visit all of these delegations and as you know the process of picking delegates now varies from state to state."
"We don't know what we have yet. We're going to have some momentum and accumulate more delegates and we will," he said. "...We'll see what happens there, so don't be trying to predict how many I'll have because I'm not going to predict it, but I'm going to have more than I have right now and we'll be viable."
Asked to weigh in on the issue of whether Clinton is "qualified" to be president, a topic that flared up in the Democratic primary last week, Kasich said it's not his place to answer that.
"It's not my job to be running around questioning people's qualifications. Let the voters decide," he said. "I think she's -- look I beat her in virtually every state all the time. And my biggest challenge now of course is this Republican primary."
Kasich also commented on a new law in North Carolina that protects businesses from anti-LGBT discrimination suits and requires transgender individuals to use public restrooms that correspond with the sex listed on their birth certificate. Though Republican Gov. Pat McCrory approved the measure in North Carolina, Kasich said he would not sign similar legislation in Ohio.
"I believe that religious institutions ought to be protected and be able to be in a position of where they can live out their deeply held religious purposes," he said. "But when you get beyond that it gets to be a tricky issue. And tricky is not the right word, but it can become a contentious issue."
It is high time that authorities wake up to the stampedes occurring at pilgrimage centres and the senseless loss of human lives. Temple towns, across India, are thronged by lakhs of pilgrims every year. But rarely do these places possess the infrastructure that can support such heavy footfalls. In this scenario, the failure of authorities to maintain abundant caution and devise crowd mitigation strategies is the single biggest reason for the recurrent stampedes. The stampede on Tuesday at the Godavari Pushkaram in Rajahmundry in Andhra Pradesh in which over two dozen people have been killed, happened the same day that the Kumbh Mela commenced in Nashik. Of course, the preparations for the Kumbh are much better, but considering that an estimated 80 lakh people are expected to arrive in Nashik in the coming days, a state of high vigil must be maintained. It is worth remembering that in the 2013 Maha Kumbh, a mere rumour about a foot overbridge collapse at the Allahabad railway station culminated in a stampede and the death of 40 pilgrims. The Maharashtra government has set aside Rs2,500 crore and engaged nearly 15,000 people to oversee the Kumbh preparations. The Nashik district administration has promised a multi-pronged focus on security, water, power, transport and disaster management. But worries about infectious diseases have already surfaced in Nashik revealing the scale of the challenges faced by small cities coping with a sudden influx of people.
A crucial part of disaster and crowd management is identifying all possible threats, vulnerable locations, and regulating the flow of crowds. The stampede at Rajahmundry appears to have been triggered by the rush of pilgrims who pushed forward to bathe in the Godavari river. Last year's stampede in Mumbai, before the funeral of Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, occurred when the mourners entered a narrow lane with the gates closed at the other end. The 2013 stampede at the Ratangarh temple in Madhya Pradesh's Datia district leaving over 100 pilgrims dead, happened when pilgrims, estimated at five lakh, were proceeding through a 500-metre-long, ten-metre-wide bridge. The stampede was triggered by the frenzy set off by rumours about the bridge's safety. The stampedes at Sabarimala in Kerala in 2011 and at the Naina Devi temple in Himachal Pradesh in 2008 were also triggered by poor crowd management techniques and the lack of enough security personnel to calm down the frenzied crowds.
It may be unrealistic to expect disciplined behaviour at such large gatherings. The responsibility for ensuring safety of the pilgrims, therefore, rests with officials in charge of the event. It is true that safety and health fears are not deterring many people from joining the swelling number of pilgrims to temple towns. Good sense would dictate that authorities then come up with ways to ensure that large crowds don't concentrate in risk-prone areas, and that there are adequate numbers of entry and exit pathways. Under the Disaster Management Act, 2005, every district has a District Disaster Management Authority which brings together revenue, police, municipal officials and civil society groups under one umbrella. The recurrence and the geographic spread of temple stampedes also tell a story of civic apathy, and not just unpreparedness. Perhaps, the time has to come to view negligence on the part of the civil administration as a criminal offence. Even the civil tort liability for addressing claims against public officials for violation of fundamental rights and breach of statutory duty remains a grey area.
As a result, victims who take up cudgels seeking awarding of damages and holding state agencies responsible for accidents, stampedes, fires, electrocutions and building collapses, receive a raw deal from the courts. Unless the principle of command responsibility is enforced, the state of official apathy will not change.
by Tina Dupuy
In 2001, Abdullah Al Noaimi was a 19-year-old Bahraini traveling in Pakistan. Bounties were being offered for men who fit his description, which is why he ended up detained in a Pakistani jail. When he learned he'd be turned over to Americans, he told “This American Life” journalist Jack Hitt that he was relieved. “He told the other prisoners it was good news. He knew America. He knew how the people were,” Hitt explained.
Abdullah, it turns out, had gone to Old Dominion University in Virginia. He'd been to Disneyland. To him, Americans had a reputation of being fair, friendly and level-headed.
“I was pleased,” said Abdullah. “Oh, everything's going to be fine. They [Americans] can understand.”
He was then shackled and shipped to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
It's been well-documented the methods used on prisoners in our strategically off-shore supermax gulag: beatings, burnings, urinating on prisoners, sleep deprivation, force-feeding, electric shocks, the threat of rape and other demeaning humiliations.
The articles of the Fourth Geneva Convention were drafted in 1949 in the wake of the atrocities from Nazi Germany and Japan during WWII. They covered the humane treatment of prisoners of war—specifically, they prohibited torture, degrading treatment and unsanitary conditions. The Fourth Geneva Convention was a resolve by 194 countries to be better than the Japanese and nothing like the Nazis.
Fifty years later, George W. Bush decided these men we'd bribed the locals to turn in were not POWs, but rather enemy combatants. Therefore, they reasoned, the Geneva Convention, once the great aspiration of the world after the “the most devastating war in history” didn't apply. And habeas corpus, a 400-year-old staple of Western civilization, was no longer relevant.
Decency, fairness and justice were all thrown out in the name of national security. Gone.
Instead of being leaders on human rights like Abdullah Al Noaimi assumed we were—we opened Guantanamo Bay.
And to make this $150 million a year black spot worse, 70 percent of the prisoners being held indefinitely at Gitmo are in isolation.
Is solitary confinement torture? Yes, according to the ACLU, Physicians for Human Rights, the Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law, and other groups who recently signed a petition with the United Nations stating exactly that.
We rationalize this by saying it's not happening to Americans. “The guys in Guantanamo, they're terrorists. Americans don't get treated like that.”
Wrong.
The United States leads the world in prisoners with 2.2 million incarcerated Americans (that's four Wyomings, census nerds). Of those, 81,622 are in solitary confinement according to the most recent data the federal government released.
California prisons alone house 11,730 of them.
This week, the largest hunger strike in California prison history is taking place. There are 30,000 men and women forgoing meals so their living conditions might be improved. Adequate food and an end to indefinite and long-term solitary confinement is what they are demanding. Basically, what we as a country agreed to following WWII—what the Bill of Rights ensures for U.S. citizens.
And why should we care if a bunch of murderous thugs in Bakersfield suffer?
For the same reason we allow civilians to stockpile weapons and say the most depraved and disgusting things imaginable—it's in the Bill of Rights. The Eighth Amendment prohibits cruel and unusual punishment and that includes torture.
If the Constitution is good enough justification to protect nutty Uncle Ernie's arsenal and Glenn Beck subscription, then it should suffice for halting long-term solitary confinement of both enemy combatants and U.S. citizens.
The problem is we've accepted cruel and unusual punishment as, well, usual. Tell us it'll make us safer, we'll agree to just about anything. (Case in point: The TSA ogled the genitals of airline passengers for years until someone realized the Advanced Imaging Technology scanners would work just as well showing only a generic outline of a person.)
According to the numbers, solitary confinement doesn't make us safer. It just makes us crueler.
And we've just accepted that.
TinaDupuy.com
FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn met with two citizens on Monday who are petitioning the FCC to help lower the cost of calls from U.S. prisons, most made from payphones managed by carriers like CenturyLink's (NYSE: CTL) Embarq, AT&T (NYSE: T) and privately-owned GTL via government contracts.
The fees that families pay to talk to loved ones currently incarcerated were high enough to lead to several families filing a class-action lawsuit more than 10 years ago and eventually petitioning the FCC to regulate prison payphone rates.
Spending more than $1 per minute to pay for a collect call from a traditional payphone located in the same country sounds exorbitant, but it's a reality faced by many of the families of the more than two million people incarcerated in U.S. prisons, according to Clyburn in a statement issued after meeting with Martha Wright and her grandson, Ulandis Forte and screening the documentary, Middle of Nowhere.
"The cost of calling from prisons is over and above the basic monthly phone service families of prisoners already pay, and in many cases families will spend significantly more for receiving calls from prison," Clyburn said in the statement.
In addition to a connection fee between $3 and $4, families pay per-minute fees of up to $0.89 for interstate long-distance service. This results in a single 15-minute interstate phone call costing as much as $17, according to the statement.
"For those families, they will spend an additional $34 over and above their basic monthly phone rate to speak twice a month for a total of 30 minutes. Many cannot afford this," said Clyburn.
Fees to call family or friends from prison vary from state to state. For example, the state of Texas charges call recipients local rates of $0.26 per minute and interstate long distance rates of $0.48 per minute. There's also a $2.50 monthly fee, and if the family wants to pay that fee by credit card, an additional $5.00 is tacked on.
A study published in April 2011 by Prison Legal News detailed the rates and fees charged in various states.
A CenturyLink spokesperson said the carrier is currently reviewing the proposals.
The APCC (American Public Communications Council), which advocates for public communications providers (particularly providers of payphone services), explains in a FAQ on its site that "The rates for collect calls from corrections facilities can be higher than normal collect rates because of the additional costs associated with the specialized equipment and features required to control fraud and to allow the corrections facility administration a certain degree of control over inmate activity. These rates have become an issue not because of what PSPs are charging, but rather because of recent rate increases by certain long distance carriers who set the end user prices for long distance inmate collect calls."
Still, Clyburn indicated in her statement that the fee issue is worth consideration by the FCC.
"It is the Commission's responsibility to ensure that interstate phone rates are just and reasonable, and we have an obligation to ensure that basic, affordable phone service is available to all Americans, including low-income consumers," Clyburn said. "Incarcerated individuals and their loved ones should not be the exceptions here, and as watchdogs of the public interest, this Commission must and should act expeditiously."
For more:
- see the news release (PDF)
Related articles:
Bell Canada, Bell Aliant ask for regulatory permission to raise payphone fees
New York City converts payphones to free Wi-Fi hotspots
FairPoint to sell off its Northern New England payphone operations
Embarq Payphone completes Texas Criminal Justice phone system installation
If there's one thing we learned during the World Cup (other than ze Germans are relentlessly brilliant machines), it's that Beats has some of the best damn marketing on the planet, and Apple really, really needs its help.
After getting tossed around by Samsung in the marketing ring the past few years, the NYPost reports that Apple is looking to Beats co-founder Jimmy Iovine to help it reignite its marketing magic, even if it means cutting ties on its 30-year partnership with TBWA.
Madison Avenue executives are frothing at the mouth with excitement, as signs indicated that Apple is ready to put its entire account up for grabs after housing it at TBWA for the last three decades. Jimmy & Dre are viewed as marketing geniuses by Apple executives, who plan to use Iovine to strengthen Apple's marketing, after Beats became the hit advertiser of the World Cup with its “Game Before the Game” ad.
Apple has been looking to build its own 1000-person ad team in-house by hiring creatives and buyers away from top agencies. TBWA has made changes of its own to bring fresh ideas to the table by tossing Tom Carroll out of the CEO chair last week, replacing him with Troy Ruhanen, but that might not be enough to keep the account.
Despite creating Apple's iconic 1984 ad, the Get a Mac campaign, and all those dancing iPod commercials ingrained in your brain, TBWA's relationship with Apple has been strained the last few years. Phil Schiller came close to firing the company completely, but Apple has instead decided to open up pitches to outside agencies and its internal team, for the time being.
A formal review of its account hasn't been requested quite yet, but critics think it can't come soon enough for Apple, after the latest Samsung ads lampooned iPhone users for being wall-hugging loners, while mocking the iPad's multitasking in a follow-up.
A serial sex attacker linked to eight assaults on lone women in South London has struck for the ninth time, sparking a police warning for the public to be on their guard.
Officers say a woman was molested in the Clapham area at around 5.40pm on Saturday evening.
They believe the attack is linked to eight other sexual assaults in the Clapham and Brixton Hill area over the past 22 days which have all taken place within 1.5 miles of one another.
A serial sex attacker linked to eight assaults on lone women in South London, including one in her 20s who was returning to her home in Clapham, London, on Monday night last week (pictured), has struck for the ninth time
Two men arrested in connection with the attacks last week have since been released on bail.
Chief Inspector Tony Hirst, of Lambeth Police, said: 'We are following up inquiries on this latest sexual assault.
'Police were called to Edithna Street shortly after 5.40pm after a woman was approached by a man whilst her back was turned.
'The man proceeded to touch the woman on her backside multiple times.
'The victim called for help and the attacker fled, making off in the direction of Landor Road. His description matches those of similar assaults in the area.'
He added: 'At this early stage, it is being linked to the previous eight assaults.
'I would like to reassure the public that we have increased police patrols in Clapham and Brixton Hill areas.
Attacks: This man was being sought over a string of sexual assaults in the Clapham area last month
'Detectives continue to study CCTV and are following up a number of active leads.
'I would like to remind everyone in the area to take sensible precautions: be aware of your surroundings and who is around you. If you feel uneasy about an individual or situation, trust your instincts.
'Always call police if you feel in danger.'
Police increased night-time patrols and warned women in Clapham, to be ‘particularly vigilant' after linking the first eight attacks.
Superintendent Rob Applegarth said: ‘All these attacks are serious, especially for the victims and their families, which is why we are very keen to find this suspect. All the attacks have been happening in the hours of darkness on white females [who] have all been in their 20s or early 30s.'
Asked if there could be more cases, he said: ‘It is possible there are more, or there are possible incidents which were planned or didn't happen or weren't reported.'
He urged women in the Clapham area to be on the alert. ‘Obviously if someone is going out with the intent of committing this sort of offences and is going to prey on lone females in doorways to flats, where he appears to have followed people, the message we want to get out there is for people to remain vigilant.'
All the victims were white women in their twenties or early thirties walking home alone after dark.
While not releasing the age of the latest victim, police said the assault fits in the same bracket as the previous victims.
Police say a 34-year-old man arrested last Thursday was released on bail on Saturday until December, pending further inquiries.
A 30-year-old man arrested last Tuesday was bailed to return to a South London police station in November.
The first attack was on Friday October 9 when a 23-year-old woman was grabbed and sexually assaulted on Clitheroe Road, Clapham. She managed to raise the alarm and the suspect ran off.
In all the incidents the attacker was described as being of Mediterranean or Middle-Eastern appearance with dark hair.
Detective Sergeant Gordon Barclay, who is leading the investigation, said: 'We have had a good response following previous appeals.
'We would still like to advise women to remain vigilant when travelling at night and would also ask that anybody who may have any information regarding these offences to make contact with police.'
ORNL's Titan supercomputer is helping Brookhaven physicists understand the matter that formed microseconds after the Big Bang.
At the dawn of the universe – just after the Big Bang – all matter was in the form of a hot-flowing soup called quark-gluon plasma, or QGP. Though a few ambitious, atom-smashing experiments have produced transient samples of this extreme phase of matter, researchers still have much to learn about its fundamental behavior.
Experimental physicists have tried to produce quark-gluon plasma since the 1980s and first reported observing it in 2000. Over the past 45 years, theorists have outlined the equations that govern QGP and many have combined theory and experiment to describe it.
Large-scale computations have been critical to the theoretical study of QGP's novel characteristics. As part of a theoretical effort funded by the Department of Energy, Brookhaven National Laboratory's Swagato Mukherjee and his colleagues are using an allotment of 167 million processor hours from the ASCR Leadership Computing Challenge (ALCC) to better understand QGP. Their findings will help physicists plan the next wave of experiments. “Neither theory nor experiment can do this alone,” Mukherjee says.
At the heart of every atom lies the nucleus, a super-tight ball of subatomic protons and neutrons. Those particles are made of even smaller parts, including quarks, which comprise just one thousandth of the mass. Gluons, the adhesive particles that hold quarks together, carry the strong interaction, a fundamental physical force that binds the atomic nucleus and generates the other 99.9 percent of all matter's mass.
But at temperature extremes 70,000 times hotter than the center of the sun, even tightly packed quarks and gluons begin to flow. The transition to the flowing state is much like phase changes in matter such as water. Water exists as liquid, steam or ice, based on how much heat and pressure are applied. Scientists long ago carefully mapped the underlying conditions and boundaries between water's different forms as a phase diagram, information that's been critical for understanding water's behavior. If researchers can understand how changes in temperature and density affect QGP, physicists can create a similar roadmap documenting conditions that form it.
Because of the extreme conditions required for QGP creation, the only way to observe it on Earth is to bombard matter with high-energy particles at either the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC) at Brookhaven or the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Switzerland. Fast-moving nuclei of lead and gold collide at high energy, briefly producing the plasma-soup researchers can study.
Experiments aren't the only way to study QGP's properties. Physicists have worked out the theory of how quarks and gluons interact, known as quantum chromodynamics, or QCD. However, the complexity of these interactions, with billions of variables, requires sophisticated parallel computing resources to solve, Mukherjee says.
Using their ALCC allotment, Mukherjee and his colleagues have concentrated on a version of this theory, lattice QCD, to computationally study the plasma on Titan, a Cray XK7 at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The calculations line up quarks at the intersection points on a grid, with gluons positioned on each of the crossbars between them. Initially, the researchers omitted the density component and solely calculated how increasing heat eventually produces the flowing QGP. Now they'll need to consider the density component as well. With their ongoing ALCC allotment, they're simulating how increasing density changes the phase diagram and eventually the plasma's behavior.
These types of computations will be critical for future experiments at the big colliders. In 2019 and 2020, DOE will support a large collaborative effort, the Beam Energy Scan II at RHIC, to observe the full phase diagram of quark-gluon plasma, including the density component, Mukherjee says, an effort that will cost hundreds of millions of dollars. The calculations Mukherjee and his colleagues perform will provide information that helps the experimental physicists plan those experiments. The calculations will provide temperature benchmarks – a range needed to generate QGP.
In large particle accelerators, researchers can't control the temperature or density, only the energy of the atomic collisions, Mukherjee says. So calculations will help researchers translate that collision energy into the heat and density parameters they need to observe the full range of changes in the phase diagram of quark-gluon plasma.
Ultimately, the exercise is about fundamental discovery and collaboration between theorists and experimentalists to discover the quark-gluon soup recipe. Mukherjee is part of a larger Brookhaven theoretical team, the Nuclear Physics Lattice Gauge Theory group led by Fritjof Karsch. This work is an integral part of the BEST collaboration – for Beam Energy Scan Theory – a DOE-funded, multi-institutional Topical Collaboration in Nuclear Theory, looking at the phases and properties of hot-dense QCD matter. Mukherjee's research is supported by DOE Office of Science's Nuclear Physics program.
(Visited 1,335 times, 1 visits today)
At their March meeting, the National Federation of High Schools Swimming and Diving Rules committee, which is the overarching governing body for the vast majority of high school swimming in the United States, voted on a huge swathe of proposed rules changes.
Below, we've summarized the most significant of these rules that have been voted in, failed, or where no action was taken. For a full list of rules considered, see the minutes from the meeting.
Minutes from March NFHS meeting.
Track Start Blocks Approved For Use
The NFHS has officially approved the use of “Track-style starting blocks” in rule 2-7-2b. This will bring high school swimming more in line with what we're seeing at the club and college levels. With these blocks becoming more-and-more common at facilities that host big meets, it's more realistic for them to be incorporated into high school swimming.
The biggest concern here is whether or not this gives club swimmers an even bigger advantage over high-school only swimmers, which is a lingering concern at the scholastic level of the sport.
Timing Relaxed on Breaststroke Underwater Pullouts
Where the rules will settle on the dolphin kick and the underwater pullout for breaststroke in FINA and USA Swimming competition will be decided later this year. For now, the high school rules will begin to diverge significantly from those at the club level. Specifically, the one dolphin kick allowed prior to the breaststroke kick while coming off of a wall in breaststroke can now be done at ANY time prior to the breaststroke kick.
Previously, there were rules regarding the dolphin kick being done after the separation of the hands from a streamline. This will be an important difference for officials who are observing high school meets for USA Swimming qualifying swims, as many feel that there is an advantage to taking the dolphin kick while still streamlined.
This is a much less drastic change than those being considered by FINA, the international governing body, at their meeting in July.
Rules to Allow Jewelry Failed
This is one of the biggest peeves for many high school coaches. Unlike USA Swimming meets, no jewelry is allowed in high school competition. Under the current rules, though, there is no actual punishment. The competitor and their coach are simply notified of the violation, and required to remove it before they compete again. The only penalty comes when a second violation is found for the same competitor in a meet, which results in a DQ, but that rarely, if ever, happens.
While ostensibly this rule is a safety precaution (not getting jewelry caught on lane ropes, other competitors, etc.), many coaches question the need for a rule with no real authority. This rule was brought forward from the state of Ohio, though the alternative view would be that there is some, albeit small and freakish in nature, risk for injury, but nobody wants to see a swimmer disqualified for something like forgetting to snip off an ankle bracelet before a race, so a warning is allowed.
Kinesio Tape Still Requires the Note of a Doctor
This has long been one of the most confusing rules for coaches, but after a failed movement to eliminate restrictions altogether, a doctor's documentation of injury and treatment including “Kinesio” or “Physio” tape will still be required.
Though the official Rationale given in the rules docket involved creating more work for officials and a lack of evidence of “pervasive use” of tape and “guessing as to what happens when it was used,” the biggest concern I've seen is inconsistent enforcement. It is not uncommon for standards for use of tape to be different depending on who is running a meet, and even more so it has become challenging for coaches to get official answers. From personal experience, I have had tape allowed at a regional meet, and with same documentation had it disallowed at a state-level meet. Consistency of ruling has been the biggest issue with the implementation of these restrictions.
One Diving Rule Passed
There were several diving rules up for consideration, but the only one to pass involves defining how long a diver must hold the straight body position on certain dives. Specifically, a diver must hold the position until the body is perpendicular to the water on one-and-one-half somersault dives, or horizontal to the water on flying one somersault dives, or else it is deemed an “unsatisfactory dive.”
Sunday will mark the end of an era for cable car technology in the Bavarian Alps. After nearly 54 years the Eibsee cable car on the 2,962 Zugspitze is closing down.
It's making space for the new cable car which will be built in almost the exact same place, and will be opened on December 21st - if everything goes to plan.
The cable car on Germany's highest mountain was completed in 1963 and is still today a piece of technological genius. It traverses nearly 2,000 metres in height, making it the the cable car which covers the most altitude in the world.
“The Eibsee cable car is a one of a kind technical masterpiece which overcame barriers of altitude, distance, frame positioning, building challenges, and geological surroundings,” said Peter Huber, technical director of the Zugspitze cable car system.
In the 50 years since it started operating it has carried more than 21 million people. The two cars on the cable have travelled the equivalent distance of 76 times around the world. But as the cable car is reaching its maximum usage, the Bavarian cable car club, based in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, decided to completely replace it.
The new transport system on the Zugspitze is also, however, going to be record-breaking. No other cable car on the planet spans further than the 3,213 metres from the base to the mountain top station. No other pendular cable car has a 127 metre high steel stay either. As a comparison, the spires of the Church of our Lady in Munich are just under 100 metres high.
The old cable car was able to carry a maximum of 240 people an hour a distance of 4.5km. The new one will be able to take a maximum of 600 people an hour. It will also cost around €50 million to build.
Fans of the old cable cars also need not worry, they will not completely disappear.
“The old carriages will be given a seat of honour,” said a spokeswoman Verena Lothes. But it is still not known where they will be kept.
With the first products using Apple's HomeKit platform for home automation accessories arriving earlier this month, Apple has updated its support page detailing a full list of supported Siri commands.
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
The Siri commands, which will act as the main method of controlling HomeKit accessories, include many that you'd expect such as ones for turning accessories on or off or adjusting settings, but also a long list of commands that will be used for accessories that get grouped together into homes, zones, rooms or scenes. There might be others as new products hit the market, but for now, Apple's full list of examples include:
“Turn on the lights” or “Turn off the lights.”
“Dim the lights” or “Set the brightness to 50%.”
“Set the temperature to 68 degrees.”
“Turn on the coffee maker.”
“Turn on the upstairs lights.”
“Turn off Chloe's light.”
“Turn down the kitchen lights”
“Dim the lights in the dining room to 50%.”
“Make the living room lights the brightest.”
“Set the Tahoe house to 72 degrees.”
“Set the thermostat downstairs to 70.”
“Turn on the printer in the office.”
“Set up for a party, Siri.”
“Set the dinner scene.”
“Set my bedtime scene.”
Apple reminds that not all commands for all accessories will work while an iOS device is locked, which looks to be a security feature. As an example, you won't be able to use Siri to unlock a door while the device is locked.
Apple's newly updated support document also includes a number of other basics for those getting started with HomeKit accessories.
Earlier this month the first products using Apple's HomeKit arrived on the market after a year of development time. Various product types from Insteon, Lutron, iHome, Elgato and Ecobee are either now available or about to ship, enabling HomeKit support for lights, door locks, color-changing bulbs, garage door openers, thermostats, and more through both standalone products and bridges that act as hubs for existing accessories.
During its recent WWDC event, Apple announced iCloud support for iOS HomeKit accessories, allowing developers to take advantage of Apple's cloud service for remote control of accessories opposed to building their own server, as well as support for new sensors types and security systems coming in iOS 9.
Image copyright Family photos Image caption The police investigation into the murders of Hannah Witheridge and David Miller has been widely criticised
Two Burmese men accused of killing two British tourists on the Thai island of Koh Tao have retracted their confessions, their lawyers have said.
The pair now say they did not commit the murders and did not see what happened, according to their lawyers.
The bodies of David Miller, 24, from Jersey, and Hannah Witheridge, 23, from Norfolk, were found last month.
The UK has expressed concern about the investigation - but Thai police say they have a "perfect" case.
Thailand's National Human Rights Commission said on Monday that it had found evidence that the two suspects, Zaw Lin and Win Zaw Htun, both 21, were physically abused by the police.
Both are migrant workers from Myanmar, also known as Burma, and were named as suspects in the weeks following the discovery of the two tourists' bodies on a beach on 15 September.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Zaw Lin (left) and Win Zaw Htun are seen here leaving Koh Samui provincial court
The men are charged with conspiracy to murder, conspiracy to rape, and robbery, and could face the death penalty if found guilty.
Defence lawyers for the men were provided by a migrant worker support group in Thailand.
Post-mortem examinations found Mr Miller died from drowning and a blow to the head, while Ms Witheridge died from head wounds.
'Scapegoats'
The investigation into their deaths has been widely criticised and over the weekend it was announced that police from the UK would be flying out to assist with the investigation.
Last week the Foreign Office summoned the Thai charge d'affaires to express concern about how the case was progressing.
Criticism has been voiced about the failure to seal off the crime scene after the killings, and about an early police claim that no Thai person could have committed such an act.
The mother of one of the suspects has said they are being made scapegoats by the Thai police for the murders.
Mr Zaw's mother, Phyu Shwe Nu, said the case against her son had been fixed.
Police say DNA found on Ms Witheridge matches samples taken from the men.
Koh Tao
With time, Cakes have set a trend of being the main dessert for any kind of celebratory occasion as well as adds some character to the celebration. The different types of cakes available in the market are sponge cakes, cheesecakes, yeast cakes, chiffon cake, etc. The history of ‘cake' spans back to 14th century. The Greeks used to make cheesecakes using goat's milk while in ancient Rome they used to make sweet and cake-like baked good. The journey of cakes from mere sweet bread to the incredible designer and decorative cakes is extraordinary. Today, there is a cake available for every occasion. From birthdays to weddings to anniversaries and even for funerals. Let us check out some of the common events.
Birthday Cakes
No Birthday is complete without a Birthday Cake. Cakes are associated with Birthdays since a very long time. The tradition of birthday cakes was observed by the Greeks and the Romans. Originally, cakes were a granular bread-like product which later on turned into a much sweeter version called Geburtstagorten. The Chinese used to make moon cakes in order to honor their moon goddess. In the ancient times, the cakes were usually made in round shape. They believe it symbolizes the circle of life. The popular birthday cake flavors are Pineapple, Strawberry, Plain Vanilla, Plain Chocolate, Chocolate Swiss Roll, Mix Fruit cake, etc.
Wedding Cakes
Wedding cakes are associated with the wedding ceremonies for centuries. They were made in the form of pies or sweet bread. In the early times, wedding cakes were only made in white color since the era of Queen Victoria. A wedding cake has a tradition of being cut by the bride and groom at the wedding receptions after the dinner. In some areas of England, the wedding cake is served at a wedding breakfast. By tradition, wedding cakes were made and cut to bring happiness and a good life to the newlyweds; also good fortune for the couple as well as the guests. Generally, wedding cakes are made in stacks in more than one layer i.e. tiers. The most popular flavors for wedding cakes are Vanilla, Chocolate, red velvet, white chocolate cake, etc.
Christmas Cakes
Traditionally, two types of dishes were eaten around the Christmas period, the Twelfth Night Cake and the Plum porridge. But as the Christmas festivities increased in the 1830s, the popularity of the Twelfth Night Cake declined and the bakers started making cakes with white snow decorations. And by the 1870's the modern-day Christmas cake was developed.
Thanksgiving Cakes
On Thanksgiving families and friends gather together to feast and to enjoy each other's company. Basically, it's time for some incredible food and family time. The traditional dessert eaten on Thanksgiving is a pumpkin pie. But people have started using cakes or cupcakes as a thanksgiving dessert. The popular flavors for thanksgiving cakes are Butterscotch, Pineapple Orange, Chocolate Truffle, Chocolate Vanilla, Caramel Cake, etc.
Funeral Cakes
The tradition of Funeral cakes goes back to the Vikings and is Yorkshire Dales folklore. In fact, they were made into small cake-like biscuits, decorated with caraway seeds and wrapped in a paper printed with the favorite hymn or verse of the deceased person. In the latter part of the 19th century, funeral cakes were decorated with a hand-carved wooden stamp and were given to those who attended the funeral. In many parts of Northern England, there were some kinds of biscuits or cake especially eaten at funerals. By tradition, the biscuits were decorated with a heart symbol to signify the deceased soul.
Advertisements
The PowerPoint candidate should be Mr. Specific. He isn't, and that could hurt him with the voters who count most
Charles Dharapak / AP Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney speaks at the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials conference in Orlando on June 21, 2012
My friend Jonathan Martin of Politico wrote an important article with Alexander Burns over the weekend highlighting what they called Mitt Romney's “no-policy problem.” Here's the argument:
Vague, general or downright evasive policy prescriptions on some of the most important issues facing the country are becoming the rule for Romney. Hoping to make the campaign strictly a referendum on the incumbent, the hyper-cautious challenger is open about his determination to not give any fodder to Obama aides hungry to make the race as much about Romney as the President. Romney is remarkably candid, almost as though he's reading the stage directions, about why he won't offer up details: he thinks it will undermine his chances to win. “The media kept saying to Chris, ‘Come on, give us the details, give us the details,''' Romney has said about New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's 2009 gubernatorial race. “‘We want to hang you with them.'” It's a lesson the former Massachusetts governor said he took from his first, painful foray into electoral politics in 1994. “One of the things I found in a short campaign against Ted Kennedy was that when I said, for instance, that I wanted to eliminate the Department of Education, that was used to suggest I don't care about education,” Romney told the Weekly Standard this spring.
Martin and Burns also cite Peggy Noonan of the Wall Street Journal on the point and include an interesting set of observations from Mario Cuomo.
A quiet consensus is forming, then, that Romney, he of the endless economic proposal of the primary season, is, especially on immigration, taking a calculated decision that specifics will only create trouble. By floating above it all and turning all attention to President Obama, the Republican nominee hopes, it seems, to unite generally by declining to divide with details with which some people will inevitably disagree.
(MORE: Obama's “Pottery Barn” Strategy)
It's an interesting play, but I think it's most perilous with the swing voters in key states, who will in fact decide whether Obama or Romney is to be President for the next four years. By their very nature, independents tend to look more closely at candidates than the strongly partisan do (if they didn't, they wouldn't be independents).
And while such voters decide on the broader ethos, they're also pretty savvy political consumers, and they want to know what they're getting. (As an aside, an elusive Romney will not help him convince people that he has a core, a problem he unquestionably faces.)
(MORE: What History Tells Us About Romney's Chances)
The PowerPoint, data-driven former governor should be true to himself and give us the details. We'll give him a break if circumstances change — we usually do — but vagueness is not a reliable path to ultimate power.
NEW DELHI: A parliamentary panel today heard the views of the government on the decision to sell stake in Air India and Pawan Hans , with some committee members flagging concerns about debt burden and job security at the airline.Senior officials from the civil aviation ministry and Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM), were present at the meeting.The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Transport, Tourism and Culture, chaired by TMC MP Mukul Roy, had called the meeting to hear the views on the divestment of Air India and Pawan Hans.During the meeting, which went on for a little over one- and-a-half hours, some members raised concerns about the future of employees, post divestment of Air India and Pawan Hans.Civil Aviation Secretary R N Choubey , Air India CMD Ashwani Lohani and Pawan Hans CMD B P Sharma, among others, were present.Both Air India and Pawan Hans, which provides helicopter services, come under the civil aviation ministry.According to a member of the panel, the government officials said formalities for disinvestment of Air India are being worked out even as he claimed that there was no specific response to queries about jobs.Another member said the issues of jobs and large debt burden of the airline were flagged.Air India has a debt burden of more than Rs 52,000 crore and is staying afloat on taxpayers' money. The previous UPA regime had extended a bailout package worth a little over Rs 30,000 crore to the national carrier for 10 years starting from 2012.A group of ministers headed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is looking into various aspects of the proposed Air India disinvestment after the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) gave its in-principle nod in June.The government has already decided to sell its entire 51 per cent stake in Pawan Hans Ltd (PHL), in which the rest 49 per cent holding is with ONGC.The employees' unions at both Air India and Pawan Hans are opposed to the privatisation of the two companies.
User Info: Red_Powah_Ranga Red_Powah_Ranga 8 years ago #1
This is where I am stumped. How do I punish this no-good thief? At first, I contemplate slitting his throat.
Too merciful.
Then, I figure I'll just leave him on the train tracks.
Too cliche.
Then I try to think outside the box, and I'm about to leave him to the wolves, and watch as the buzzards feasted on his flesh.
Too anticlimactic.
So what did I do with this poor man? I'll tell you what I did.
I took this dirty, unshaven man clothed a pair of dirty brown pants and low cut shirt across the border. He dripped blood behind us. Wolves chased us, and more than once I was tempted to leave him there for their meal. But no, this man would pay in a more violent way. I bandaged his wounds and carried on.
As he shouted curses at me in Spanish, I rode across New Austin, ignoring the potshots that criminals took at me in Theives Landing and along the dusty trails. I had a mission. That mission was to make this man suffer.
We arrived in Tall Trees in the late afternoon, and I found a nice clearing in the snow. It would be a nice place for this man to spend his final moments, amidst the freshly fallen snow and great pines. He didn't deserve such a fine place for his grave, but alas, it is the only place the deed could be done.
I dismounted and retrieved the man, hogtied and exasperated from the long journey, and laid him in the powder. I turned away, and readied myself. Knife in one hand, and a vial of pig blood in the other. I turned and looked at the man, dazed from blood-loss but still furious, and pitied him for a moment. A fleeting moment. I knew what had to be done.
Uncorking the bottle, I took a deep breath, and then pored it's contents across the man's back and trim head of hair. With this, he must have realized what I planned for him. He went from cursing my family to pleading for his life, a fear-stricken expression across his face. He was alert now. "Good," I thought. "he will need to keep his wits about him."
I took to one knee, and carefully placed a cigarette in his front pocket. I figured he deserved a final smoke. Every man, regardless of his sins, deserves that final pleasure. I then cut his restraints. He rose, and stumbled with a cry and he shifted his weight, sand and grit caked to the bandaging on the other. Tears ran down his face, either from pain or fear I cannot say. He did not even attempt to attack me, a wise move. He ran on borrowed time. He limped through the snowy terrain for about 100 yards before hearing the distant, yet unmistakable, grunts and snorts of a grizzly. However, to this Mexican native who had never stepped across the border, let alone into the forests, did not know what manner of beast these vocalizations came from. Still, while foreign to him, instinct told him whatever the noises came from was fearsome and most likely violent and on the hunt. Hunting for him.
The man increased his pace, wincing from pain, and began to draw short breaths. I watched him from afar, as the mighty grizzly emerged from the brush and pursued him, irritated by his transgression into its territory. As it gained, the man was overcome with fear and collapsed. The grizzly closed the distance. The man accepted his fate as he saw the grizzly approach, and glanced at the cigarette I placed in his front pocket. He grasped it with his numb digits and removed a lighter from his back pocket.
With this motion, the bear's eyes widened. With one swift motion, he snatched the lighter from the man and in a booming voice said, "Only you can prevent forest fires." He then proceeded to disembowel the man for his transgression.
This message brought to you by the United States Forest Service.
"Oh bother" says Pooh, as he chambers another round. and I proceeded to shoot him in the knee, and he falls off. I then chase him down, hogtie him, and lift him onto my noble steed.This is where I am stumped. How do I punish this no-good thief? At first, I contemplate slitting his throat.Too merciful.Then, I figure I'll just leave him on the train tracks.Too cliche.Then I try to think outside the box, and I'm about to leave him to the wolves, and watch as the buzzards feasted on his flesh.Too anticlimactic.So what did I do with this poor man? I'll tell you what I did.I took this dirty, unshaven man clothed a pair of dirty brown pants and low cut shirt across the border. He dripped blood behind us. Wolves chased us, and more than once I was tempted to leave him there for their meal. But no, this man would pay in a more violent way. I bandaged his wounds and carried on.As he shouted curses at me in Spanish, I rode across New Austin, ignoring the potshots that criminals took at me in Theives Landing and along the dusty trails. I had a mission. That mission was to make this man suffer.We arrived in Tall Trees in the late afternoon, and I found a nice clearing in the snow. It would be a nice place for this man to spend his final moments, amidst the freshly fallen snow and great pines. He didn't deserve such a fine place for his grave, but alas, it is the only place the deed could be done.I dismounted and retrieved the man, hogtied and exasperated from the long journey, and laid him in the powder. I turned away, and readied myself. Knife in one hand, and a vial of pig blood in the other. I turned and looked at the man, dazed from blood-loss but still furious, and pitied him for a moment. A fleeting moment. I knew what had to be done.Uncorking the bottle, I took a deep breath, and then pored it's contents across the man's back and trim head of hair. With this, he must have realized what I planned for him. He went from cursing my family to pleading for his life, a fear-stricken expression across his face. He was alert now. "Good," I thought. "he will need to keep his wits about him."I took to one knee, and carefully placed a cigarette in his front pocket. I figured he deserved a final smoke. Every man, regardless of his sins, deserves that final pleasure. I then cut his restraints. He rose, and stumbled with a cry and he shifted his weight, sand and grit caked to the bandaging on the other. Tears ran down his face, either from pain or fear I cannot say. He did not even attempt to attack me, a wise move. He ran on borrowed time. He limped through the snowy terrain for about 100 yards before hearing the distant, yet unmistakable, grunts and snorts of a grizzly. However, to this Mexican native who had never stepped across the border, let alone into the forests, did not know what manner of beast these vocalizations came from. Still, while foreign to him, instinct told him whatever the noises came from was fearsome and most likely violent and on the hunt. Hunting forThe man increased his pace, wincing from pain, and began to draw short breaths. I watched him from afar, as the mighty grizzly emerged from the brush and pursued him, irritated by his transgression into its territory. As it gained, the man was overcome with fear and collapsed. The grizzly closed the distance. The man accepted his fate as he saw the grizzly approach, and glanced at the cigarette I placed in his front pocket. He grasped it with his numb digits and removed a lighter from his back pocket.With this motion, the bear's eyes widened. With one swift motion, he snatched the lighter from the man and in a booming voice said, "Only you can prevent forest fires." He then proceeded to disembowel the man for his transgression.This message brought to you by the United States Forest Service.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Inside Bullseye Glass in Southeast Portland, Feb. 16, 2016 (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Inside Bullseye Glass in Southeast Portland, Feb. 16, 2016 (KOIN)
The Associated Press - PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) --- A Portland company at the center of air pollution concerns faces a $300 fine for dumping shards of glass into city sewers.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved The Bullseye Glass Factory on SE 21st Avenue. (Bullseyeglass.com)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved The Bullseye Glass Factory on SE 21st Avenue. (Bullseyeglass.com)
The Oregonian/OregonLive reports that the fine for Bullseye Glass was issued earlier this month. Bureau of Environmental Services spokesman Linc Mann says the company has told the city it does not intend to appeal.
Records show Bullseye illegally dumped large shards of glass in April.
The discovery reportedly came after city inspectors found high levels of selenium and sediment in the sewer where Bullseye's storm water drains. Selenium can be toxic to fish and other aquatic life in high amounts.
City officials are also requiring Bullseye to have the sewer system cleaned and to install pollution controls to prevent glass and metals from getting inside.
The U.S. Army is poised to step into a new world of armor protection if it equips its tanks and combat vehicles with anti-missile technology such as Trophy, an active protection system that cut its teeth with Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip.
For the past few months, Army leaders have been openly touting the service's accelerated effort to arm the M1 Abrams tank and other key platforms with APS technology to counter the proliferation of anti-tank guided missiles (ATGM) and Russia's aggressive modernization of its armored fleet.
The accelerated APS effort, and the larger, long-term strategy to develop the Modular Active Protection System for the Army's entire combat-vehicle is a new path for a service that's been reluctant to commit to this type of sophisticated protection system in existence for more than two decades.
Now, Army testers are well into an evaluation of a Trophy APS-equipped M1 tank.
The effort is also evaluating the Israeli-made Iron Fist APS and the U.S.-made Iron Curtain, but the Trophy system, designed by Rafael Advanced Defense Systems, is the only one of the trio that has seen combat and actually defeated advanced ATGM threats.
Data from militarydotcom.silk.co
Israeli Merkava MK IV tanks equipped with Trophy APS withstood multiple anti-tank missile attacks from Hamas fighters in July 2014 during Operation Protective Edge in the Gaza Strip.
Maj. Mike Meir Walker saw Trophy in action during this operation while serving as a deputy battalion commander in the Israeli Defense Force.
"I had tanks in my battalion that had anti-tank missiles fired at them, and I saw how it intercepted very advanced anti-tank missiles," Walker told Military.com in a recent telephone interview from Israel.
"In my battalion, we had one tank that was hit by an AT system throughout the operation because they turned the Trophy off; they were just parking the tank and that was the only tank that was hit by a missile," he said.
Now the executive officer at the IDF's tank commander school, Walker remembers being a tank commander in Lebanon during Israel's 2006 war with Hezbollah when the IDF did not have the Trophy APS.
"The first and foremost difference in the tank commander's behavior -- we used to be a lot more defensive, and we found ourselves sort of hiding on the battlefield and trying to get out of the range of the anti-tank systems," Walker said.
With Trophy, "you feel you have the ability to be more offensive and put yourself out there a little more and allow yourself to accept a little more risk than what we did before," he said.
Military.com beginning in April sought to interview Army subject matter expects for this story, but a spokesman for the service said they weren't available due to the testing schedule.
In an April 5 Army release, Lt. Gen. John M. Murray, deputy chief of staff for financial management (G-8), said the Trophy system "has a great reputation in terms of being effective."
In addition to testing Trophy on the M1, the Army aims to put Iron Curtain on a Stryker and Iron Fist on a Bradley, Murray said.
"The one that is the farthest along in terms of installing it is ... Trophy on Abrams," he said. "We're getting some pretty ... good results. It adds to the protection level of the tank. Trophy has an interesting capability, slew to cue. We're finding that we can incorporate that into the installation on the Abrams."
Army leaders said earlier this year that they hope to have APS evaluations completed by this fall so they can make a decision how to move forward with the effort.
Overdue or Right on Time?
Despite the urgency, APS technology is nothing new to the Pentagon's research and development machine. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, began working on active protection in the mid-1980s, but the program was shelved after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The Army selected the Quick Kill APS, made by Raytheon Co., to equip its leap-ahead manned ground vehicles under the Future Combat Systems program. The effort died, however, when then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates killed the FCS program in 2009 -- the same year the IDF fielded the first Trophy APS systems.
Nearly a decade later, Russia has become more militarily aggressive around the world, frightening European NATO countries with its aggression into Ukraine and its rapid military buildup and launching airstrikes into Syria to support the regime of Bashar al-Assad.
Army generals and U.S. lawmakers have taken notice of Russia's newest tank -- the T14 Armata. The 50-ton tank being developed by Uralvagonzavod is designed to carry a crew of three and features a top speed of as much as 56 miles per hour, a range of about 310 miles and a 125mm smoothbore main gun.
The T14, and the T15 heavy infantry carrier, are also equipped with a new active protection system.
In addition to knocking out ATGMs, the T14's Afghanit APS is rumored to have successfully stopped high-speed depleted uranium-cored kinetic-energy penetrator tank rounds, a capability of concern to Army leaders.
Murray told the Senate Armed Services Committee's Airland Subcommittee in late March that he did not believe the third-generation M1 Abrams, built by General Dynamics Corp., currently has overmatch over modern tanks such as the T14.
But some defense experts question the hype over the T14's capabilities.
While "it's possible" that the T14's APS can stop high-speed KEP tanks rounds, "it only addresses horizontal threats; it's more oriented toward insurgent warfare," according to a former defense official with acute knowledge of APS technology, who asked to remain anonymous.
Unlike other APS technologies, the Russian Afghanit APS does not protect against missiles that attack from above, such as U.S. Javelin or Hellfire anti-tank missiles, he said.
One reason the Army has waited until now to develop an APS strategy is because the theater of operations, which focused on Iraq and Afghanistan, didn't require such expensive hardware, according to James Hasik, a senior fellow at the Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security at the Atlantic Council.
Instead, the Army opted to field relatively inexpensive, stand-off cage armor that wrapped around vehicles such as the Stryker and performed fairly well against rocket-propelled grenades.
And while Russia has reportedly stopped buying the T-90 to develop the T-14, this next-generation tank is believed to still be in testing and not yet operational.
The Russians "are going to be producing probably a handful of those things for a while," Hasik said. "The Russians just don't have that much money -- they have the same problems we do. We'd love a massive military build-up, but we also wouldn't like to pay the taxes to make that happen."
In late February, President Donald Trump outlined his fiscal 2018 budget priorities, pledging to increase defense spending by $54 billion, a roughly 10 percent increase across the services. The administration's defense spending request for fiscal 2018, which begins Oct. 1, is expected to be released on Tuesday.
Right now, the U.S. Army has very formidable armored fighting forces, but "what the M1 lacks is robust protection against heavy anti-tank missiles," Hasik said.
"If there is a war in Europe, in which NATO forces and Russian forces end up fighting on the ground -- on the Russian side, the majority of that fighting is going to be done with T90s and BMP2s, BTR90s ... and lots of anti-tank missiles," he said.
Trophy in Battle
On a hot July day in 2014, Walker remembers watching his tanks move into an anti-armor ambush on the outskirts of an urban area in the Gaza Strip on his IDF battlefield situational awareness system, similar to the U.S. Blue Force Tracker.
In the tanks that were fired upon, the tank commander "hears it on his radio. In his ear phones, he hears, 'You are being fired at right now,' " Walker said.
Once armed, the Trophy system really operates by itself, he said. Its 360-degree radar detects the incoming missile threat, notifies the commander of the direction the threat is coming from, and fires a countermeasure that's designed to knock out the main warhead on the threat missile.
"Not only does the system intercept, but the tank commander knows what is coming and he knows what he has to do it about it," Walker said. "The system gives you a direction from where the missile was being fired, so I can point the whole battalion toward that threat."
Related Video:
The challenge for any APS system involves more than just knocking a threat out of the sky, said Mike O'Leary, director of business development for survivability and lethality at Leonardo DRS, the American firm that is marketing Trophy in the U.S.
"The real performance measure of the system is not can you hit the threat, but can you hit the threat without allowing any residual jet, shrapnel, whatever to penetrate the tank or put the vehicle or the crew in danger because there is still residual junk that will fly toward the platform after the intercept," O'Leary said.
O'Leary said he was not authorized to talk about the specific platform Trophy is being tested on but did say that Trophy has performed well in the Army's evaluation.
"It's doing exceedingly well from our perspective," O'Leary said.
Iron Fist on the Bradley is also "moving along," Murray said. But there was a problem installing the system on the Bradley, due to the size, weight and power requirements of the system, in addition to space constraints on top of the turret of the Bradley, he added.
A Danger to Friendly Troops?
Murray, along with other senior leaders, has expressed concern over the risk to dismounted soldiers who are near a vehicle when an APS fires a countermeasure at an incoming missile.
"Anything that shoots off an armored vehicle, 'x' amount of meters, and makes something blow up, is not good for the integrated dismounted/mounted operations," Murray said. "So we have some concerns about tactics, techniques, and procedures and how we adjust those."
A similar risk has always existed with the reactive armor used on U.S. vehicles, O'Leary said.
"Reactive armor is an explosive charge; the threat hits it, and it creates an outward blast," O'Leary said. "And it has its own radius of potential danger to anyone standing in the vicinity."
Militaries have adopted reactive armor and have adapted their tactics, techniques and procedures to deal with that, O'Leary said.
The alternative is "not only the destruction of my vehicle but also the lives of anywhere from three, four or even nine or 10 personnel inside the platform, so that is a big tradeoff and that is a commander's call on the ground," he said.
The Iron Curtain APS, produced by ARTIS LLC -- was initially developed by DARPA in 2004 to deal with the risk to dismounts. Instead of shooting toward an incoming threat, Iron Curtain shoots straight down at the ATGM at very close range.
The IDF also weighed this issue when it was making the decision to field Trophy, Walker said.
"We did have those same concerns ... but if you had dismounts next to that tank and that tank was hit by a missile, it would be a lot worse," he said.
"Dismounted soldiers who are next to a tank on any battlefield might get hit. That's why they don't walk in the middle of the street next to the tank but stick to areas where they have an advantage.
"There is a risk, but the risk is a lot smaller than the tank being hit the ATGM."
-- Matthew Cox can be reached at matthew.cox@military.com.
Related Video:
Toxins in food often have a bad, bitter taste that makes people want to spit them out. New UC Irvine…
Toxins in food often have a bad, bitter taste that makes people want to spit them out. New UC Irvine research finds that bitterness also slows the digestive process, keeping bad food in the stomach longer and increasing the chances that it will be expelled.
This second line of defense in the gut against dietary toxins also triggers the production of a hormone that makes people feel full, presumably to keep them from eating more of the toxic food.
This discovery has the potential to help scientists develop better therapies for ailments ranging from cancer to diabetes, and it may explain why certain isolated populations around the world have adapted to eat and enjoy local foods that taste bad to outsiders and make them sick.
The study, appearing online Oct. 9 in the Journal of Clinical Investigation, was performed with mice, and the results probably translate to humans, said Timothy Osborne, molecular biology and biochemistry professor and study senior author.
“We have evolved mechanisms to combat the ingestion of toxins in our food,” Osborne said. “This provides a framework for an entirely new area of research on how our bodies respond to what is present in our diets.”
Mammals have evolved to dislike the bitter taste of toxins in food. This response is particularly important when they eat a lot of plant material, which tends to contain more bitter-tasting, potentially toxic ingredients than meat.
Examples of bitter-tasting toxins include phenylthiourea, a compound that destroys the thyroid gland, and quinine, found in tonic water, which can be deadly in large doses.
If toxins are swallowed, bitter-taste receptors in the gut sense them and trigger the production of a hormone called cholecystokinin that both suppresses appetite and slows the movement of food from the stomach to the small intestine.
Interestingly, the UCI scientists found that cholesterol regulates the activity of bitter-taste receptors in the intestine, and diets high in plant material and potential toxins naturally are low in cholesterol, compared to low-toxin, high-cholesterol, meat-based diets.
In small intestine cell cultures, low levels of cholesterol triggered a stronger receptor response – meaning they worked better – while high levels caused a weaker response.
The same response was observed in mice that were given drugs to stop the production and absorption of cholesterol. Not only were their receptors more active, their small intestine cells produced two to three times the amount of the appetite-suppressing hormone in the presence of bitter food, compared to normal mice.
Scientists say that regulation of taste receptors by dietary constituents likely explains why groups of people taste certain foods differently.
“One group of people may think something tastes great and can metabolize it just fine, but a group from the outside may think it tastes horrible and get sick,” Osborne said. “The first group likely adapted to the food through a change in the expression and pattern of their dietary sensing molecules.”
With this knowledge, scientists could make medicines less bitter, which in turn would allow for increased palatability and quicker absorption. Drugs used to treat cancer sometimes include molecules that taste bitter. Also, changing the patient's eating habits could improve the effectiveness of such drugs.
In addition to the appetite-suppressing hormone, bitter-taste receptors in the gut activate the production of glucagon-like peptide 1, a protein that stimulates insulin secretion in the pancreas. Drugs currently are on the market that attempt to stabilize this protein in people with diabetes, and therapies aimed at increased production are attractive therapeutic targets.
“Because bitter-taste receptors are expressed in the gut, a new avenue exists to identify ways to stimulate production of GLP-1,” Osborne said. “It could be very beneficial for the treatment of diabetes and possibly other diseases.”
UCI scientists Tae-Il Jeon, Bing Zhu and Jarrod Larson also worked on this study, which was funded by the National Institutes of Health.
About the University of California, Irvine: The University of California, Irvine is a top-ranked university dedicated to research, scholarship and community service. Founded in 1965, UCI is among the fastest-growing University of California campuses, with more than 27,000 undergraduate and graduate students and nearly 2,000 faculty members. The third-largest employer in dynamic Orange County, UCI contributes an annual economic impact of $3.6 billion. For more UCI news, visit www.today.uci.edu.
News Radio: UCI maintains on campus an ISDN line for conducting interviews with its faculty and experts. The use of this line is available free-of-charge to radio news programs/stations who wish to interview UCI faculty and experts. Use of the ISDN line is subject to availability and approval by the university.
In the battle of Kim Davis groupies, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee (R) is the clear winner.
The Republican presidential candidate made sure he was front and center Tuesday when the Kentucky clerk jailed for refusing to issue same-sex marriage licenses was released from jail. He stood next to Davis when she greeted supporters waiting for her outside, and even vowed to, if it was possible, go to jail "in her place." Fellow GOP candidate Sen. Ted Cruz (Texas) also made the journey down to Kentucky, but his plan to show solidarity and share the spotlight with Davis was foiled by Huckabee, who sent an aide over to physically block him from speaking with reporters. After the incident, Cruz "appeared incredulous," The New York Times reports. A few moments later, Huckabee stood shoulder to shoulder with Davis onstage, while "Mr. Cruz stood off to the side, keeping an unusually low profile during the event."
A very sad Ted Cruz, not on stage. pic.twitter.com/MaAM6lvA4A — Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) September 8, 2015
Before you start feeling too bad for Cruz, the trek wasn't a complete bust for the determined senator; his eyes were able to barely photobomb a snapshot of Davis with her husband and Matt Bevin, a Republican running for governor of Kentucky. If you squint, grab a magnifying glass, and hope for the best, you'll see them to the left. Catherine Garcia
Blizzard has struck gold with its free-to-play collectible card game, announcing today that Hearthstone now has over 20 million players. The title originally launched on PC and Mac in March, with the iPad version arriving shortly after in April.
Since the game came out of beta, the first single-player adventure module, Curse of Naxxramas was released. The best players in the world are headed for a championship bout at Blizzcon this November, with $250,000 on the line.
Those hoping to play on iPhones and Android devices won't have to wait too much longer. Blizzard says those versions will be coming “in the not so distant future.”
For more on Hearthstone, check out our review and some tips on deck building. You can download Hearthstone for free on PC from Blizzard and on iPad on the App Store.
Our Take
Even though Activision didn't break out its Hearthstone success on the last earnings call, the numbers for that category were extremely impressive. I have no doubt that this small team effort is going to yield huge long term rewards. Expect Hearthstone to be around for quite a while with expansions and single-player content that will coax open your wallet.
In this post, I'll show you how to put multiple Serverless services on the same domain name. This is the most requested issue in the Serverless repo right now but is a tricky feature to implement directly within the Framework.
Using the power of Serverless and the serverless-domain-manager plugin, we can use API Gateway's base path mappings to handle this. Follow the instructions below to deploy your two services to the same domain.
Addendum: Many users asked about how to deploy to different domains based on the stage, e.g. staging-api.mycompany.com when deploying to staging. I've added a section on Working with multiple stages below.
If you already have your own services set up and just want the simple instructions, skip to the TL;DR section below.
Getting Started
To get started, you'll need the Serverless Framework installed.
You should also have your desired domain name registered through AWS. Read the documentation on that here. You should also register a certificate for that domain through the AWS Certificate Manager. If you need help with that, read the Getting a certificate for your domain section of my previous post on using API Gateway with Serverless.
Deploying your two services
Before we dive it, let's discuss exactly what we're trying to build. Imagine you have an e-commerce store which is a single-page application that consumes a backend REST API. Your REST API is hosted at api.mycompany.com , and you have two services: users and products .
You would like all users requests to be accessed at api.mycompany.com/users while all products requests would be accessed at api.mycompany.com/products . Further, you would like to separate these two services so they could be deployed independently -- changes to a products endpoint wouldn't require a redeployment of all users functions as well.
For this example, do the following:
First, create a new directory for your application:
$ mkdir api-gateway-application $ cd api-gateway-application
Then, create a directory for your users service:
$ mkdir users-service $ cd users-service
In your users-service directory, add the following serverless.yml file:
service: users-service provider: name: aws runtime: python3.6 stage: dev region: us-east-1 environment: SERVICE_NAME: ${self:service} functions: hello: handler: handler.hello events: - http: GET hello
Then add the following as handler.py :
import os def hello (event, context) : response = { "statusCode" : 200 , "body" : "Hello from the {}!" .format(os.environ.get( 'SERVICE_NAME' )) } return response
This is a super simple service with a single endpoint ( /hello ) that will return the name of the service. To test it, deploy the service:
$ sls deploy ... Service Information service: users-service stage: dev region: us-east-1 stack: users-service-dev api keys: None endpoints: GET - https://n0benf6jn4.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/dev/hello functions : hello: users-service-dev-hello
Copy and paste the endpoint into your browser, and you should see the following message:
As you can see, the URL isn't very friendly. We'll fix that during this walkthrough. To finish our setup, let's make a products service as well. Move up a level in your directory structure, then copy the users-service into a products-service directory:
$ cd .. $ cp -r users-service/ products-service $ cd products-service
Then edit the name of the service in your products-service serverless.yml :
service: products-service provider: name: aws runtime: python3.6 stage: dev region: us-east-1 environment: SERVICE_NAME: ${self:service} functions: hello: handler: handler.hello events: - http: GET hello
Run sls deploy to deploy the products-service, and make sure it's working in your browser:
Again, it's an ugly URL, which we're going to change soon.
Adding your services to your custom domain
Now that we have our two services set up, let's add them to a custom domain. You should still be in your products-service . Let's install the serverless-domain-manager plugin:
$ npm init -f $ npm install serverless-domain-manager
Then add the configuration to your serverless.yml :
service: products-service provider: name: aws runtime: python3.6 stage: dev region: us-east-1 environment: SERVICE_NAME: ${self:service} functions: hello: handler: handler.hello events: - http: GET hello plugins: - serverless-domain-manager custom: customDomain: domainName: 'api.mycompany.com' basePath: 'products' stage: ${self:provider.stage} createRoute53Record: true
We've added two sections to the serverless.yml . First, we registered the serverless-domain-manager in the plugins block. Then, we configured the plugin via the customDomain section of the custom block.
Note the basePath attribute that we're configuring. This will be prefixed to every route in our products-service . Thus, our route that is registered as /hello will actually be located at products/hello .
If you haven't previously registered this domain with API Gateway, you'll need to register it:
$ serverless create_domain Serverless: Domain was created, may take up to 40 mins to be initialized
As the output notes, it can take up to 40 minutes to provision this in AWS. This is a one-time setup cost.
Once your domain is set up, deploy your service with sls deploy . Once the deployment is done, your endpoint will be available at api.mycompany.com/products/hello :
That's a much cleaner URL!
Let's do the same with our users service. Change into that directory:
$ cd ../users-service
and follow the same steps as above. Install the serverless-domain-manager plugin:
$ npm init -f $ npm install serverless-domain-manager
and add the config to your serverless.yml :
service: users-service provider: name: aws runtime: python3.6 stage: dev region: us-east-1 environment: SERVICE_NAME: ${self:service} functions: hello: handler: handler.hello events: - http: GET hello plugins: - serverless-domain-manager custom: customDomain: domainName: 'api.mycompany.com' basePath: 'users' stage: ${self:provider.stage} createRoute53Record: true
Note that the basePath in this one is users , which will be prefixed to all routes in the users-service.
You don't need to run serverless create_domain again. Because you created the domain already, it is available for any services that want to use it.
Run sls deploy to deploy the users service, then check it in your browser:
That's it! Now you easily separate your functions into services while still keeping them on the same domain. You're not limited to two services on this domain -- as you add additional services, just use a new basePath to add it to your domain.
Working with multiple stages
Addendum: A few people have asked about how to handle this with multiple stages (prod, staging, dev). I've added this section to show how to structure your project to handle this.
When working with Serverless services, you'll often have multiple stages for your project. In this section, I'll show you how to set up your project to deploy to custom domains for different stages.
To set the scene, let's imagine we have three stages:
prod , which is accessible at api.mycompany.com ;
, which is accessible at ; staging , which is accessible at staging-api.mycompany.com ; and
, which is accessible at ; and dev , which is accessible at dev-api.mycompany.com .
The first thing you need to do is get certificates for each of these domains in Amazon Certificate Manager. Please read the Getting a certificate for your domain section of my previous post on using API Gateway with Serverless.
Once you've done that, use the following config for your custom block in serverless.yml :
custom: stage: ${opt:stage, self:provider.stage} domains: prod: api.mycompany.com staging: staging-api.mycompany.com dev: dev-api.mycompany.com customDomain: basePath: "" domainName: ${self:custom.domains.${self:custom.stage}} stage: "${self:custom.stage}" createRoute53Record: true
Pay particular attention to this line:
domainName: ${self:custom.domains.${self:custom.stage}}"
We're using the Serverless Framework's powerful variable system to infer the domain name based on the stage. I've set up my three stages in the domains block of the custom section. This will use my given stage to determine which domain to use.
Once this is set up, you'll need to create your custom domain for each of your stages. This is a one-time setup step. If you use the stages I gave above, you would run:
$ sls create_domain --stage prod $ sls create_domain --stage $ sls create_domain --stage dev
Once your domains are set up, you can deploy to your proper stages! Use sls deploy --stage prod to deploy to api.mycompany.com and the other stages to deploy to their respective domains.
TL;DR
If you already have multiple services set up and are looking to add them to the same domain, follow these steps.
Before you begin, you'll need to get a certificate for your domain with the AWS Certificate Manager and register your domain with API Gateway. To do that, follow the steps in my previous post on using a custom domain with API Gateway and Serverless. Stop after the step that says sls create_domain .
In each service, install the serverless-domain-manager plugin:
$ npm install serverless-domain-manager
Then, add the following configuration to your serverless.yml :
plugins: - serverless-domain-manager custom: customDomain: domainName: 'api.mycompany.com' basePath: 'myprefix' stage: ${self:provider.stage} createRoute53Record: true
Make sure you change the domainName value to the domain name you want to use. Change the basePath value to the prefix you want for your routes in that service. For example, if you want your routes to start with /products/ , the basePath value should be products .
PITTSBURGH—In 270 games split between the NHL and AHL, Steve MacIntyre has served 810 penalty minutes. The vast majority of those came in five-minute increments after he'd been punched in the face several times by another person.
MacIntyre's next fight as a Pittsburgh Penguin could cost him seven minutes, though, should he deliberately take off his helmet beforehand. It's not something MacIntyre does typically—"helmets are there for a reason," he said—but he rightfully wonders what the new rule means on a small scale, like when one fighter wears a visor and the other the does not, and on a larger, more existential level.
MORE: Goodbye, jersey tucks | Goalie wants even smaller pads
"It's so wishy-washy," MacIntyre, who hadn't heard about the change until Wednesday, told Sporting News. "I can go and on and on about the shenanigans that I don't agree with."
And he's right, for at least one reason. The coupling of the rules—mandatory visors for all players entering the league, plus the helmet rule—is a clear attempt by the league to cut back on fighting without banning it outright. Years of concussion-research data will have that effect, as will the threat of class-action lawsuits. If everyone wears a visor and nobody can take it off for a fight, the logical progression is fewer fights.
There's a loophole, though, and Deryk Engelland has noticed it. He's a legitimate NHL defenseman who theoretically adds to his value by fighting people.
"Eventually you'll start seeing guys come in (and) take each other's off and not really waste any time," Engelland told SN.
"It's still gonna happen. I think the guy that has the visor on might just come in and start throwing, and he might have a little bit of an advantage. But they pop off pretty easy, and the visor doesn't really hurt too bad."
That's actually by design of the NHLPA. The union wants to protect the role of the fighter—guys like MacIntyre, specifically—which is why the penalty for taking off helmets is minimal and will be, according to Engelland, mutual in most cases.
It's not quite that simple, though. MacIntyre called it "the age-old question." Fighting is, for better or worse, part of hockey. It's an even bigger part of MacIntyre's identity. And to go back to our logical progression, fewer fights leads to fewer fighters. For guys like MacIntyre, the issue is personal, and understandably so.
"(Anti-fighting advocates) never been in our shoes," MacIntyre said. "They've never played the way we play. They've never done the things that we've done. But they're the first guys to jump on the bandwagon and (say), 'Oh, well, these guys are useless,' or 'They're goons and thugs.' "
In MacIntyre's eyes—and the eyes of his teammates—he serves a purpose. It's less tangible than it used to be, for certain. What's not in doubt, though, is how difficult the job can be, and the toll it takes it on the guys who fill it. It's impossible to talk (or think) about fighting in hockey without mentioning Derek Boogaard, who died in 2011 after a battle with prescription drugs that started as a means of treating injuries stemming from fights.
It was a tough road, too, for MacIntyre, who started his junior career in the now-defunct CEHL. After that league banned him for his role in a nasty brawl, he played in the UHL before hooking on with the New York Rangers organization in 2003. He spent time in the WHA2, ECHL, AHL and UHL (again) before making his NHL debut in 2008 with the Edmonton Oilers. He was there because of his fists.
"I know what's gotten me here. Guys have asked me if I could change it. You know what, probably not. I'd be a different guy. If I came up a different way, I might not be here," MacIntyre said.
Now 33 years old, the 6-5, 270-pound Saskatchewan native generally bides his time with Pittsburgh's AHL affiliate in Wilkes-Barre, Pa. Remember those 270 NHL games? He's played 13 of them in the last two seasons, and whether he returns is an open question. At the moment, it seems less than likely.
That underlying reality makes its way, deliberately or not, into most conversations you could have about him. Engelland's true worth is as a blue liner. MacIntyre has to make himself valuable in other ways.
"Mac's a great guy," Penguins center Joe Vitale, a teammate of McIntyre's in both Wilkes-Barre and Pittsburgh, told SN. "I don't think he would last as long in this league if he didn't have the other element of being a good locker-room guy, a good off-ice guy. He's full-package when it comes to that."
Guys like Vitale will also talk about the diversionary role MacIntyre plays. Whether it's logically true or not is debatable—the instigator rule confined fights, in almost all cases, to fighters. But the players believe, and so do many front-office executives. The Toronto Maple Leafs, on some nights this season, will ice two fighters. The Edmonton Oilers, run by the generally progressive Craig MacTavish, are in the market for one.
"You've got Steve MacIntyre in the lineup? He literally makes every other player feel more comfortable on the ice," Vitale said. "Not just (Sidney Crosby). When I'm playing with him, I feel like I can do anything."
But the pendulum is still swinging in the opposite direction. Science doesn't lie, and neither does the NHL rulebook. What makes it tough, though, is that jobs, livelihoods, identities are at stake. That doesn't change what's right, or what's smart—it just makes it more difficult.
It's easy to laugh at the old Brian Burke press conference, when he was forced to demote Colton Orr and talked about "rats" ruining the game. In context, though, Burke was just as upset at the prospect of getting rid of a good person.
Progress is difficult, though, and the overall goal is keeping guys—good people, respected teammates—like MacIntyre safe. It has to be. Counterintuitively, that progress could well force those same people out of the game. Talking more about his role, MacIntyre picks an interesting analogy.
"That's the thing a lot of guys forget, everybody's a different cog in the wheel," he said. "Those cogs make up the gear, and that's what eventually runs the engine."
Eventually, though, it's time for a new car. That doesn't mean saying goodbye to the old one is easy.
Independent MP Helena Guergis is defending using taxpayer money to mail out Remembrance Day-themed pamphlets that ask her constituents whether they plan to vote for her in the next federal election.
A Remembrance Day flyer sent out by MP Helena Guergis asks whether constituents will vote for her in the next federal election. ((CBC)) Guergis, who resigned from cabinet and was kicked out of the Conservative caucus in April by Prime Minister Stephen Harper, has vowed to run as an Independent in the next election.
The Toronto Star first reported that Guergis included a tear-off survey reply card in her annual Remembrance Day message. The full-page flyer's main portion evokes "men and women who never returned home," but the bottom third is a postage-paid comment card that asks, "Will you vote for Hon. Helena Guergis as Independent Conservative when she runs in the next election?"
A number of opposition MPs have since criticized Guergis for mailing out what they say is a taxpayer-funded voter intention survey — and then linking it to a day aimed at honouring Canada's veterans and fallen soldiers.
But in a telephone interview with CBC's Power & Politics with Evan Solomon on Wednesday, Guergis said her office follows all guidelines and procedural requirements on the mail-out pamphlets, known as householders. She said the printing service has contacted her office to highlight mistakes or suggested changes in previous flyers.
"We have always complied, and [the printing service had no concerns] in this case in any way," she said.
She insisted there was "nothing deliberate" about the question, which she said was among a number of questions she and her staff "just put in the hopper" and later included at the bottom of the pamphlet.
"I have enormous respect for my veterans and my entire community knows how much I value the contribution they've made and the freedoms we have today because of their sacrifices," she told Solomon.
In an email before the interview, the MP said it is her job to consult with her constituents on "what they want me to do going forward."
"I have asked the same question with respect to, Am I on the right track?" Guergis wrote. She also insisted other MPs are "creative with wording" but are essentially asking the same question.
"The only difference is now I ask as an independent conservative."
Leaders 'dread' more Independents
Helena Guergis, responding to a question in the Commons last March, says her taxpayer-funded pamphlets are essentially just asking, 'Am I on the right track?' She also said the survey question has prompted well-thought-out responses from people expressing their "gross disappointment" with how Guergis has been treated.
In July, the RCMP cleared Guergis, a former minister of state for the status of women, of unspecified allegations forwarded to the force by the prime minister in April. The RCMP informed Guergis and her husband, former Tory MP Rahim Jaffer, that it had concluded its investigation and found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing by either of them.
In her email, Guergis also pointed out that as an Independent, she has no legal right or ability to collect donations until an election campaign.
"Perhaps if Independents were recognized for their value and contribution to the political process, we would have better representation of local issues and less focus on partisan attacks such as this," she wrote.
"But we all know political leaders dread the thought of more independents."
Libby is pregnant. Margo Perryman strokes the alpaca's soft gray fur amidst a herd of the woolly, long-necked animals in the front yard of a home in La Habra Heights. It's mealtime, and alpacas cluster around their feeding bins for bites of hay.
“It's really tremendous how an animal can brighten up someone's day just by standing there or existing,” said Perryman, a Fullerton resident and owner of Marbri Alpacas. Her brood of 13 alpacas, a pony and some chickens will soon grow by one. But, Perryman isn't sure where the growing family will live.
Perryman must find a new home for her animals before Sept. 14, when the land she uses now is sold. Earlier this year, the Fullerton farm they called home for eight years was also sold and Perryman couldn't pay the new owners' rates.
She's put the call out on social media and through connections looking for the “right person” who can give her alpacas, or her “paca-poos,” a safe home. Perryman has received some initial offers of space in Carbon Canyon, Chino, Brea and Yorba Linda.
If her business can't find a new home in time, she will temporarily relocate the animals to a ranch in Northern California.
Marbri Alpacas trains docile alpacas as educational and therapeutic animals in addition to selling alpaca wool fiber. Perryman has brought the animals to local senior homes, churches and schools for some fuzzy therapy. She also partners with the Yorba Linda Cloverleafs, a local 4H chapter whose members can choose to work with the animals for their project.
“(Alpacas are) something different that kids can learn about, especially if they have an interest in that animal,” said Michele Dugan, co-leader of the Cloverleafs. “(Perryman) goes over the animals with them, what they're about, what they eat and how to take care of them.”
Through the Adonai Families organization, Perryman also brings alpaca therapy to kids with cancer. Pam Brown, Adonai's founder and executive director, remembers how an alpaca named Seven comforted a 16-year-old patient in the last few weeks of her life.
“This girl loved animals,” Brown remembers. Seven put his head close to hers and gave her kisses, standing within reach for a long time.
One day, Perryman she hopes to have her own facility and extend her therapy work to wounded veterans. She's also writing and illustrating a children's book with her daughter on alpaca care.
Contact the writer: aong@ocregister.com or 714-704-3773
32 games played and 2729 minutes later, Scott Sutter's first season in MLS has come to a close. The fullback, acquired back in March, came to Orlando having played almost a full season in the Swiss League with BSC Young Boys. Despite that, Sutter has played the second most minutes of any Orlando City player and the most out of any field player. Since July of 2016, the right back has been playing consistently through two separate seasons. Now with this year having come to a close, Sutter reflected on his time so far in Orlando.
“For me, on a personal note, I've loved it,” Sutter said after training last Wednesday, “I've enjoyed kind of every minute of it other than, obviously, the defeats. But, you know, just the transition to a new team, to a new city, it's been great for me. I've really, really enjoyed being here and transition and how easy everyone's made it for me. So, I feel right at home and I already can't wait for next season.”
While his one goal and four assists don't necessarily jump off the page, Sutter has been one of the most consistent players for the Lions this season. The 31-year-old has been a much-needed addition to the Lions backline in 2017 and hopes to be a big part of the team moving into next season.
With his 13 years of playing experience playing in the Swiss League, Champions League, Europa League and internationally with Switzerland, Sutter spoke from his vast experience about the Lions and where the team can improve as they strive to come back better next year.
“I think we need to be more dominant of opponents,” he said, “I think we need to really dictate play, not just at home but also away. Keep more of the ball. I think even in the earlier games, where we were getting results, we didn't have as much possession as we would like to a lot of the times. A couple of results, we kinda got away with it possession-wise, where we were struggling to keep hold of the ball, and we kind of just clawed over the line. So, I'd like to see us finish more games out confidently with a bit more dominance.”
Through it all, Sutter is confident with the team and the coaching staff moving forward into 2018 and is looking forward to competing for the Lions next season, after getting a few weeks of much deserved rest.
“I think we have got the players already, and I think, with the coaching staff behind us and maybe a couple of additions in the offseason, I think we will definitely, definitely have that.”
Opera software has pushed out the final version of Opera 11.10, an upgrade to the company's flagship desktop Web browser. Opera 11.10 brings a significant speed bump to Opera's Turbo browsing mode, new Speed Dial features, and some more HTML5 support.
You can download Opera 11.10 for Mac, Windows, and Linux from the Opera website.
Opera's Turbo mode has been around for several years now and allows you to download sites faster over slow connections. Turbo works by proxying your connection through Opera's servers and compressing websites before you download them. The latest version compresses sites even more, making it up to four times faster than previous Turbo releases, and 15 percent faster than Opera without Turbo, according to the company.
Turbo's new compression tricks now take advantage of Google's WebP image format to shrink photos and graphics before you download. WebP is Google's effort to improve on JPG, making images smaller without degrading the image quality. Thus far only Opera and Chrome support the WebP image format.
WebP does an impressive job of making images smaller in Turbo, though in my testing there were still some compression artifacts visible, particularly with larger images. Still, for those times you find yourself with a slow Internet connection, Turbo makes Opera significantly faster than the competition, and that alone makes Opera worth having around, even if it's not your primary Web browser.
The other big news in this release are the changes to Speed Dial, which shows frequently visited site thumbnails in the new window or new tab view. Several other browsers have since copied Opera's Speed Dial, but Opera keeps tweaking it with new features. Speed Dial in Opera 11.10 is more customizable and allows you to set how many thumbnails you'd like to see.
Opera has long been a leader in Web standards support and the latest release continues that transition adding partial support for the HTML5 File API. Unfortunately, the “partial” File API support does not extend to the drag and drop file uploading used by some websites (notably Gmail).
Other new features in Opera 11.10 include automatic updates for plugins like Adobe Flash, and some IMAP improvements for Opera's built-in mail client. For a complete list of everything that's new in Opera 11.10, check out the full change log.
A new build of Windows 8.1 has surfaced on file sharing networks this week along with a host of screenshots providing a fresh look at Microsoft's plans for its Windows 8 upgrade. Build 9369, a more recent build than the previous leak, includes some tweaks and changes as work continues on Windows 8.1. Microsoft hasn't made any significant changes in this build, but the company appears to be improving the multitasking interface for multiple "Metro-style" applications.
New multitasking UI
While the previous build revealed the ability to snap multiple apps, the latest leak includes a new UI element that allows you to pick which view an app opens into. This mode is only enabled when two or more apps are snapped side-by-side, and the new app splash screen simply hovers until an area is selected. Other improvements include a "Files" app with the SkyDrive logo. It's not immediately clear whether this is the result of Microsoft's continued SkyDrive integration, or a separate "Metro" file explorer. Either way, the app includes a touch-friendly interface to navigate local files and content stored on SkyDrive.
Microsoft also appears to be improving its support for keyboard and mouse users. A new apps button is present in the left-hand side of the Start Screen which provides quick access to a list of apps. A new filter is also available to select by "most used" apps. The Search Charm functionality is also altered, allowing users to type a search query and then press enter to search apps or select the relevant search area from the Charm. In Windows 8, this automatically starts searching apps from the Start Screen. A new search setting also allows Windows 8.1 to include search suggestions and results from the web, something we'd previously heard was coming.
Lockscreen camera access was previously discovered, and the UI appears to work in build 9369, allowing users to simply drag down on the lockscreen to access the camera and take photos quickly. Microsoft has also added trackpad settings into the Windows 8-style PC settings page, letting users disable edge gestures. ReFS client support also appears to be present in this latest build, suggesting that Microsoft may be preparing to include its new file system in the final version of Windows 8.1.
No surprises, just refinements
Overall there's no huge surprises or changes here. A boot to desktop setting does not appear to be present, and the Start Button is nowhere to be seen. Microsoft is still tweaking Windows 8.1 heavily and the company is expected to release a public preview version at its Build developer conference in June.
With my DCC RPG warrior “Big” Helmut finally reaching level 4, I figured it was time to move him off the level 0 character sheet he's been using since he survived whatever hellhole funnel he came from (I think he showed up as a backup character during the Emerald Enchanter… we severely depopulated the town during that adventure – went in with 3 level 1 and 6 level 0 characters, and kept coming back to town to drag a bunch more level 0s in with us… I think we were responsible for the deaths of a good 18 or so townfolk).
So I finally scanned the rough idea I had for a character sheet that I had scrawled onto a pad during a DCC game a few months ago, did some tidying, and copied old Helmut over.
And immediately noticed some things I didn't like about the sheet. So after another round of edits I put together a new version and used it to copy over Sir Alexander Eustace Pennyweather, esquire.
Yeah, yeah, Pennyweather needs to have his eyes adjusted in the sketch, but this sheet has just about everything I want. And more to the point, I'm no longer willing to keep messing with it. So here it is.
Click on the graphic to download the PDF version.
It prints off on US legal sized paper – 8.5 x 14 inches. Don't select “shrink to fit”, it purposefully has enough extra border to be trimmed off by whatever your printer can't handle.
Most of the boxes are purposefully left unlabeled so you can make them whatever you like. You can see some examples in my two sheets above.
Regarding the font used (I've had a few comments that I could have chosen a more legible font)… I didn't use a font. This sheet was hand-drawn and hand-lettered during a game of DCC, with a bit of fiddling in Photoshop afterwards. If I had more time and inclination I might replace all the text with a nice font, but not today.
Today, Con Edison will end 125 years of direct current electricity service that began when Thomas Edison opened his Pearl Street power station on Sept. 4, 1882. Con Ed will now only provide alternating current, in a final, vestigial triumph by Nikola Tesla and George Westinghouse, Mr. Edison's rivals who were the main proponents of alternating current in the AC/DC debates of the turn of the 20th century.
The last snip of Con Ed's direct current system will take place at 10 East 40th Street, near the Mid-Manhattan Library. That building, like the thousands of other direct current users that have been transitioned over the last several years, now has a converter installed on the premises that can take alternating electricity from the Con Ed power grid and adapt it on premises. Until now, Con Edison had been converting alternating to direct current for the customers who needed it — old buildings on the Upper East Side and Upper West Side that used direct current for their elevators for example. The subway, which has its own converters, also provides direct current through its third rail, in large part because direct current electricity was the dominant system in New York City when the subway first developed out of the early trolley cars.
Despite the clear advantage of alternating current — it can be transmitted long distances far more economically than direct current — direct current has taken decades to phase out of Manhattan because the early backbone of New York's electricity grid was built by Mr. Edison's company, which had a running head start in the first decade before Mr. Tesla and Mr. Westinghouse demonstrated the potential of alternating current with the Niagara Falls power project. (Among the customers of Thomas Edison's Pearl Street power plant on that first day was The New York Times, which observed that to turn on its lights in the building, “no matches were needed.”)
But direct current clearly became uneconomical, as the short distances that it could be transmitted would have required a power station every mile or less, according to Joe Cunningham, an engineering historian. Thus alternating current in New York began in the outskirts — Queens, Bronx, Upper Manhattan and the suburbs.
The direct current conversion in Lower Manhattan started in 1928, and an engineer then predicted that it would take 45 years, according to Mr. Cunningham. “An optimistic prediction since we still have it now,” he said.
The man who is cutting the link today at 10 East 40th Street is Fred Simms, a 52-year veteran of the company. Why him?
“He's our closest link to Thomas Edison,” joked Bob McGee, a Con Ed spokesman.
Dr Robert Gess, a postdoctoral fellow from the Evolutionary Studies Institute at Wits University has discovered a 350-million-year-old fossilized scorpion from rocks of the Devonian Witteberg Group near Grahamstown, in South Africa's Eastern Cape.
Gess unearthed the fossilized pincer and the tail segment and sting when breaking small slabs of shale from the site. Both the fossils were found separately, and do not belong to the same individual. The small, predatory creatures were estimated to be the size of a modern-day pencil.
"They are very delicate, and silvery-white in colour against the dark background of the rock," Gess said.
The scorpion, named as Gondwanascorpio emzantsiensis, is considered to be the oldest known land animal to have lived on Gondwana during a geological period called the Devonian.
During the Devonian period, between 420 and 360 million years ago, the world comprised of two supercontinents: Laurasia - North America, Europe and Asia; and the Gondwana - Africa, South America, Australia, Antarctica and India. The two land mass were separated by a deep ocean.
"Evidence on the earliest colonisation of land animals has up till now come only from the northern hemisphere continent of Laurasia, and there has been no evidence that Gondwana was inhabited by land living invertebrate animals at that time,"said Gess.
"There has been no evidence that Gondwana was inhabited by land living invertebrate animals at that time," said Gess.
By the end of the Silurian period, about 416 million years ago, predatory invertebrates such as scorpions and spiders were feeding on primitive insects and millipedes.
Laurasia was also known to comprise of invertebrates by the late Silurian and during the Devonian period, when it separated from Gondwana.
"For the first time we know for certain that not just scorpions, but whatever they were preying on were already present in the Devonian. We now know that by the end the Devonian period Gondwana also, like Laurasia, had a complex terrestrial ecosystem, comprising invertebrates and plants which had all the elements to sustain terrestrial vertebrate life that emerged around this time or slightly later," said Gess.
The discovery is published in the peer reviewed journal African Invertebrates.
Apart from the scorpion fossils, Gess also discovered 20 types of fish and a range of different land plants.
Essential revisions: 1) In this study, and in the previous work on the glymphatic system, there is little or no mention of the well-known Virchow-Robin perivascular spaces, easily observable using high resolution MRI (e.g. Thomas et al., MRM 2004). Because these features of brain anatomy are well known, having been studied for over a century, and they are also observable with MRI, it is quite surprising that they were not mentioned in the present manuscript. Were they not observed at all? If indeed they comprise a part of the lymphatic circulation, one would expect them to appear with significant contrast in the gadobutrol labelled images. The authors could provide additional visualisation.
We thank the reviewers for raising this point. We were able to image the meningeal lymphatic vessels because there is no blood-meningeal barrier in the dura mater; hence, gadolinium contrast can quickly extravasate into the connective tissue, from where it collects into the lymphatic vessels. On the other hand, the Virchow-Robin perivascular spaces in the brain parenchyma, which (as the reviewer correctly points out) are commonly seen on conventional clinical MRI scans, are known not to enhance after intravenously injected gadolinium contrast. This is most likely related to the presence of an intact blood-brain barrier which, under physiological conditions, is not permeable to contrast agents. In this context, we note that our approach does not address the recently described “glymphatic” system, which may comprise the Virchow-Robin spaces, the noninvasive imaging of which would require an altogether different approach from what we have presented in this paper. These points have been better clarified in the manuscript (1st paragraph of the Results/Discussion section).
2) Lymphatic flow. One of the criticisms of the 'glymphatic system' concept concerns the shortage of evidence that the lymph has a directional flow within it. A study of the kind described in this manuscript could help to rectify this lack – if a time series of images were obtained, displaying successive enhancement of lymphatic channels in the order predicted by the theory. The authors might want to comment on this possibility.
We thank the reviewers for this comment as well. As mentioned in the reply to point 1, imaging the glymphatic system would require a different approach from the one we have presented. Indeed, even though we collected time series images throughout the first hour after injection of contrast agent (an example of which is shown in Figure 2—figure supplement 1), we did not observe clear dynamic changes (e.g. flow) in the imaging characteristics of the meningeal vessels. More subtle dynamic changes might have been observed had we done more frequent temporal sampling, however the requirement for extremely high spatial resolution to visualize the meningeal lymphatic vessels made this impossible. We have now included a comment in the Discussion.
3) The MRI imaging is based on the use of two gadolinium-based tracers, one (gadofosveset) which is confined to the blood by binding to serum albumin, and one (gadobutrol) which can exit through blood vessel walls and pass into the lymph vessels. The latter showed accumulation in (putative) lymph vessels in the dura, while the former did not. This is encouraging but there are the following problems: a) The putative lymphatics are barely visible, especially in the subtraction images in Figure 2. The authors should increase the intensity and the contrast of the images (taking care to specify what manipulations have been done in the figure legend) – for example, pasting Figure 2's subtraction images into PowerPoint and increasing both the intensity and contrast by 40% leads to much more easily visible lymphatics. A similar process should be applied to Figure 2—figure supplement 1 for the subtraction images, if the authors wish to convince the reader that there are no lymphatics visible with gadofosveset.
We thank the reviewers for this recommendation. The figures have been modified accordingly.
b) The videos show the extent of the lymphatics far more impressively than do the coronal sections in Figures 1 and 2. Panels should be added to Figures 1 and 2 showing sagittal sections or simply a picture of the 3D rendering in the videos. The contrast should also be increased in the videos.
We added a new figure (Figure 1—figure supplement 1) including static snapshots of the 3D rendering of the putative human dural lymphatics and anatomical labels for ease of interpretation, as suggested by the reviewers.
4) Ultimately the MRI data need validating by immunocytochemistry with lymphatic specific markers, and this is attempted in Figures 3 and 4. Again there are problems: a) Figure 3 is very poorly presented for readers not familiar with the detailed anatomy. I cannot understand what Figure 3B shows; add some explanatory labels. For panels D-E we need some clue as to exactly where in the brain the tissue is located – show a picture like that in Figure 4A, with rectangles to approximately locate the images presented in D-E. No scale bar size is stated for panels D and E and K.
We thank the reviewers for this recommendation and apologize that the first version was difficult to decipher. These figures have been modified accordingly.
b) In humans, Prox 1 or podoplanin (brown) are used as a lymphatic marker and CD31 (blue) as an endothelial marker. Unfortunately the images in panels 3D-E are so faint that colors are not visible (in contrast the immunofluorescence in panels J-K is much clearer). In the magnified panels colors are visible but the background labeling is high. Any dark brown label is attributed to the presence of lymphatics (e.g. there are 5 structures annotated LV in panel F) yet it is unclear how these vessels relate to those seen in the MRI pictures, where there are 3 lymph vessels in Figure 1. Were the IHC and the MRI done on the same brains? If so, is it not possible to state whether the number of lymph vessels found by MRI is the same as is found by IHC? The fact that the IHC finds more vessels (below the resolution of MRI?) at least needs to be discussed. Also, the fact that podoplanin is in cells other than lymph vessels should be mentioned (e.g. kidney podocytes and possibly capillary pericytes, which could confound the interpretation: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25908104).
The Discussion (Results/Discussion 3rd paragraph) addresses differences in the number of lymphatics seen on MRI vs. histopathology, as follows: “It is worth noting that the lymphatics visualized by MRI are large slow-flow lymphatic ducts, whereas blind-ending and small lymphatic capillaries, clearly seen by histopathology (Figure 3 and Figure 3—figure supplement 1), are unlikely to be revealed by MRI.”
We agree that lymphatic immunohistochemical markers are not totally specific for lymphatic vessels (please see Results/Discussion 4th paragraph), which is the reason we needed to test several of them (LYVE-1, podoplanin D2-40, PROX1, COUP-TFII, and CCL21) and to compare results on consecutive sections of dura mater. The suggested reference has been now added to the manuscript.
For the humans, the imaging and histopathology have been performed, of necessity, in different people (please see Figure 3—source data 1 for human tissue sampling), as described in the Materials and methods section. On the animal side, we studied a total of 5 marmosets for this study: 2 of which were used exclusively for MRI-histopathological correlations (please see Figure 4—source data 1), 2 for gabobutrol vs. gadofosvet MRI in vivo experiments, and 1 for both the gabobutrol vs. gadofosvet MRI in vivo experiments and the histopathological characterization.
The relevant figure and legends have been modified according to the request of the reviewers.
c) For the marmoset data, the text states that the number of lymphatics seen with MRI was the same as with IHC, yet the number of lymphatics seen in Figure 4A could be 2 or 3 (enhance the intensity and contrast, and label them with red arrows), while in Figure 4C It is unclear exactly which brownish structures are being defined as lymphatics – they need explaining better, e.g. by drawing a dashed red line round them.
We apologize for any confusion. For the marmoset data, we stated in the text that the 3 areas enhancing on MRI correspond to clusters of cells positive for lymphatic markers (4th paragraph of the Results/Discussion section). Unfortunately, it was not always straightforward to recognize the vessel-like structures, likely due to the fragility of the dura mater after preparation and immunohistochemical processing. The figure and the legend have been modified according to the request of the reviewers.
d) For both human and marmoset tissue, it is essential to show the (hopefully absent) labeling when the primary antibody for PROX1 or D2-40 is omitted from the IHC. Ideally this should be in brain, but skin would be an acceptable substitute if brain is unfeasible.
We have performed negative control staining in human dura and skin as well as in marmoset brain. We included them in Figure 3—figure supplement 3. They show no background staining and/or nonspecific binding. An additional sentence has been added to the Materials and methods section.
e) Figure 3—figure supplement 2 and its associated text is fairly peripheral to the main point of this paper – it might be better in a separate paper combined with more rigorous data showing lymphatic trafficking of immune cells.
The figure has been deleted accordingly.
Fortnite finally released in Early Access mode on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in late July. According to Epic Games, the cooperative sandbox survival game reached over a million players in its first month, making it an instant success.
However, we didn't realize this was on its way to become Epic's most successful game ever by the end of 2017. Tim Sweeney confirmed this in an interview with GamesBeat.
Related Apex Legends Tops Fortnite in Single-Day Twitch Viewing
It's on track to be Epic's most successful game ever by the end of the year. Several times more users than we expected came in. We had to really scramble to keep the servers running at that scale. It was great experience. This is just the very beginning. We have a bunch more game modes coming, which should be interesting and innovative. The whole aspect of building in Fortnite creates a really different dynamic compared to most games. Building structures, defending them, you can imagine all the multiplayer implications. We're very happy with the transition we've been making, from being a lone developer who works with a publisher and puts games on retail store shelves to running our games live as services where we can constantly improve the game based on feedback. It's been a great step. Fortnite is getting better every week.
That said, Sweeney also noted that Fortnite was much more expensive to make than the first Gears of War game, for instance. The rising costs of AAA game development steered Epic towards a different market.
Much more expensive. What we saw over the last generation — the economics started out incredibly attractive. The first Gears of War game cost about $12 million for Epic to make and earned us more than $100 million. But by the end of that generation, the costs had blown up to almost equal the profit a game could make. At this point, in this generation, I don't know how you make a game at the triple-A level unless you sell 12 million copies or more. The teams are hundreds of people, sometimes more than 1,000. Budgets are more than $100 million, sometimes several hundred million. The scale of sales needed to justify that is crazy. We need to be constantly exploring business models that work. As the industry evolves, business models change. Epic's survived through a number of different ones over our history, from shareware to PC retail to big-budget triple-A console and back to indie, publishing our own games for ourselves. You have to constantly change the rules.
Sweeney, who also praised Ninja Theory's Hellblade as one of the best-looking games ever created (and rightly so), then said that there is a lull in VR technology right now and the technology will need to be miniaturized to go more towards glasses than a helmet before it becomes popular.
As to Fortnite, it recently received an update adding the new Survive the Storm mode. You may read the full patch notes on the official website.
Many future expats need to dispose of real estate back home before they can move abroad.
We wanted to sell our Florida house before we move to Panama. It would give us a cleaner exit, and also a little cash in our pockets to help with moving and settling-in expenses.
Unfortunately, the Central Florida economy has intervened. While we're among the lucky ones who aren't underwater with our mortgage, our house is now worth what we paid for it 10 years ago, with values still falling.
It no longer makes sense for us to try to sell. Instead, we're looking for tenants.
We won't get out clean, and we won't have that cash cushion we anticipated. It's a messier exit, for us at least.
Fortunately, while the real estate market is still in free fall, the rental market is tightening up.
However, renting out a home when you're in another country has some pitfalls. You can't exactly run over to fix a leaky pipe, or make sure the tenants are keeping the lawn mowed.
Unless you have family or close friends in the area who are willing to manage your property, there are two ways to cope.
Hire a Professional Property Manager
Many real estate agents also act as rental property managers, and you can also find companies that specialize in property management. For a fee, they'll
Find tenants and run the necessary credit and background checks
Handle lease agreements on your behalf
Collect rent and pay mortgage and other monthly recurring bills on your behalf
Handle repairs and maintenance (for additional fees)
Other services you and they agree on
If there's enough leeway between the rent you can charge and your mortgage payments, hiring professional property management is the option that will give you the most peace of mind.
Home Warranty
I was talking recently with a woman who lives mostly in Mexico, but still owns a home in the US. She suggested a different route, one she and her husband have used successfully for several years.
They purchase a Home Warranty which covers the appliances, water heater, heating and cooling units. They meet their tenants personally, to make sure they are people who will take good care of the property. They have strict penalties for late rent payment, so people tend to pay on time.
If an appliance needs repair, the tenants call the home warranty company. There's a required fee, which the tenant pays, and the home warranty covers the remaining cost.
Of course, the owners still need to make their own mortgage and other payments, which they do primarily through online banking.
The home warranty costs a bit less than a property manager.
Renting on the Other End
Of course, without selling the house, we won't be able to buy a home in our new country. But that's okay — we weren't planning to anyway. At least not right away.
Experts advise that you rent for six months to a year before buying abroad, and I think that's good advice. We plan to rent a furnished apartment or house for three-six months when we arrive, while we look for an area we'd really like to live.
Then we'll rent there for at least a year before making a purchase. That way we're not stuck.
Do you have a different solution for handling a long-distance rental? Share it in the comments below!
photo by Pistols Drawn on flickr
The Tea Party-backed “revolutionary patriots” who call themselves “Operation American Spring” (OAS) have continued their attempt to overthrow the federal government.
When the group first announced itself, it claimed that “10 million to 30 million American patriots” would join them on May 16, 2014 for a protest patterned in equal parts on the Occupy movement and the “Arab Spring” protests.
At the height of Operation “Beginning Of Tyranny Housecleaning,” OAS fell far short of its expected attendance, with charitable estimates placing the number of attendees at approximately 450. Since that time, a handful of protestors has remained, and every day they stand in front of the White House and yell at it.
The group published a letter today asking other protest movements to “[t]ake advantage of the powerful vessel OAS has established on the D.C. Mall to get your worthy message in front of America and the lawless occupiers of leadership.”
A video of this “power vessel” can be found below. In it, eight men, three women, and one dog can be seen marching, military style, in front of the White House. When they stop, they turn toward it and yell “Remember! Benghazi!” repeatedly. At the 1:33 mark, a D.C. police officer approaches the group's leader.
“He might not be a First Amendment friend,” the woman operating the camera can be heard to say.
After a brief conversation, the group's leader returns to his charges and informs them that it is time to leave for the day. As they leave, they sing a song, the lyrics to which are: “Well here we go (here we go), we're at it again (we're at it again) — we're Operation American Spring.”
Watch a video of a police officer questioning the protestors below.
This is a story about you: You will survive bullying.
Never fool yourself into thinking your experiences are unique and that you are alone in your suffering. We have met individuals who, like you, feel lonely, ashamed, depressed, hated, and even ready to die. But they are still here, achieving their true potential and sharing their stories -- your stories -- in Yale College's "It Gets Better" video, which debuted to the world last week:
My co-director, Karin Shedd, and I were inspired by our LGBTQ peers to create the video in the hope of uplifting those silenced by bullying. We are straight allies who believe that security, respect, and dignity (basic human rights) are not hetero but universal. We do not believe your particular sexual orientation dehumanizes you. We are a part of a growing population that cares about you.
Together, we interviewed over a dozen Yale students in one emotionally grueling day. Karin collected additional footage of them in their day-to-day lives, and we spent another three months editing. As we reviewed our work, we realized an urgent need to get a message out to the LGBTQ community, put succinctly by Yale junior, Terrell Carter: "You don't deserve the pain you're feeling." Rather, you have value.
We know it doesn't always feel this way. We didn't need our friends in the gay community to tell us the world is not perfect. For many of them, it won't be the last time they are treated like an outsider, called a "faggot," assaulted, or made to feel worthless. Their experiences -- running away from home, being attacked, writing their suicide note -- confirm that things are not changing quickly enough. There may be people and circumstances that have led you to the conclusion that there is not much time left for you. You need to feel it gets better today. So, our friends told us, because you cannot force people to change, the only way to help yourself is to accept yourself.
"It's so interesting, because just to say, "It gets better," what does that really do for us?" asked Hilary O'Connell, President of Yale's LGBT COOP. "I think maybe with a caveat: It gets better when you try as hard as you can, with every fiber of your being, to make it be OK. Even if it can't get a lot better than OK, try as hard as you can to make where you are OK."
Many of our interviewees agreed that the lowest points in coming out, whether it was to friends and family or even just to themselves, were the moments before, fearing that being gay would take over their lives and in some way handicap them. What happens next has been an audience favorite: The students relive the moment they embraced their sexuality as just another part of their identity. The realization sets them free and makes them mentally invincible.
"Can I say being queer gives me, like, superpowers?" asked Hilary. "Actually, in the sense that I am no longer afraid that everybody hates me, [it] does give me superpowers ... I was never really comfortable with myself before coming out. My dad said something to me once that has always stuck with me ... He said to me, 'You can't lock up everything about yourself day to day. You have to live into it.'" Become someone you are proud of. As Yale student and improv actress Hannah Slater put it, "Do what makes you feel powerful."
One of our most memorable examples of this was epitomized by someone we never actually interviewed. Instead, Katie Miller, a transfer student from West Point, spoke for Corporal Andrew Wilfahrt, a young man with the U.S. military. Corporal Wilfahrt is gay. When he joined the military, he was not discouraged by the then-active, discriminatory policy of "don't ask, don't tell." He wanted to serve and lay his life on the line for his country, which included those people who disapproved of his lifestyle. Corporal Wilfahrt was killed in action in Afghanistan. "He's someone that served," said Katie. "It didn't matter that he was gay. He gave the ultimate sacrifice for this country, and I continue to have the utmost respect for him." Like Corporal Wilfahrt, shamelessly go forward in the world, letting your hobbies and passions be guiding lights in moments of darkness.
Karin and I watched our friends speak honestly and bravely about their lives. From a book lover and Kindle hater to a veteran of The Sing Off, our friends are living testimony that it gets better. Since releasing the video, our interviewees have been approached by friends, family, and even complete strangers, gay and straight, moved by their stories and inspired to reach out to those who may be struggling. Maybe they've reached out to you.
Maybe you're reading this and you're at a breaking point. Do not give up. "Wake up every morning and know that you are a beautiful person," said Carmen Chambers, who hails from Mobile, Ala. "There are people like us, and a huge gay community in the world that is your family. I feel like we are family."
Our video is dedicated to you, our LGBTQ brothers and sisters, survivors in the war against bullying. This is the beginning of your story: Thank you for your presence and your voice. You give hope to all of us.
Two men are suspected of uploading a copy of the film to the Internet three weeks before its official release
Two men have been arrested in the north of England on suspicion of leaking copies of The Expandables 3 online before its release.
The pair were taken in by U.K. anti-piracy police and are suspected of stealing a high-quality copy of the film from a cloud-based system before uploading it on the Internet.
See more Senior Superheroes: 19 Action Stars Kicking Butt Past 50
The film began circulating online on July 25, ahead of its official U.S. release on Aug. 15. It was downloaded more than 10 million times, something the film's studio Lionsgate has said had a huge financial impact on the film. In its opening weekend, The Expendables 3 took in $16.2 million at the U.S. box office, well below that of the previous two franchise installments.
"Today's operation shows you the significant impact intellectual property crime has on our creative industries, with millions of pounds being lost as a result of criminal actions,” said detective chief inspector Danny Medlycott, in quotes published by BBC News. Medlycott heads up the London-based Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit, which deals with piracy.
"The public need to be aware that piracy is not a victimless crime. By downloading illegal music, film, TV and books, not only are you exposing your own computer to the risk of viruses and malware, but you are also putting hard-working people's livelihoods at risk as piracy threatens the security of thousands of jobs in the UK's creative industries."
Read more Lionsgate Sues Over 'Expendables 3' Leak
Speaking at the American Film Market earlier in the month, The Expandables producer Avi Lerner claimed that what happened with the third installation of the action series was a prime example of the effects of piracy on the industry.
"Everyone wants to hide what happened on Expendables 3," he said, "especially the domestic distributors. 'Don't talk about it!' But I'll tell you there is about $250 million in box office we lost."
In September a lawyer representing Millennium Films revealed that he had been sending out letters to those who had downloaded film illegally, urging them to settle.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
On Friday, the House of Representatives finally passed an emergency spending bill in response to the humanitarian crisis at the border. The bill was a reworked version of the one that was pulled off the floor Thursday after it was obvious that it did not have enough votes to pass. House Republicans also pushed through another bill that would effectively end DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals), which the President put into place in 2012 to provide a reprieve from deportation to certain undocumented immigrants who were brought here as children prior to 2007. Neither bill is going anywhere as President Obama has already said he'd veto both and the Senate will not even bring them to the floor for a vote.
The spending bill that the House Republicans were finally able to agree on Friday evening provided a fraction of the funding the President requested weeks ago and less than half of what Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) had initially proposed. The bill essentially just provides more resources to southern states to send the National Guard to the border and helps deport detained immigrants at a faster pace. It does nothing to actually address any of the actual issues surrounding the humanitarian crisis. However, due to an extreme portion of the House Republican Caucus, along with a couple of meddling GOP Senators, this was the best that the House Republican leadership could get.
Of course, even before the votes took place Friday night, they knew both bills were DOA and would never even make it to the President's desk. But, for Boehner and House Republicans, at least they could say that they finally got something passed, even if it were only to appease their most conservative members and a way to toss red meat at their ‘base,' which is apparently made up almost entirely of racist, old white people. In the end, while Congress is on a five-week recess, President Obama will see what executive actions he can issue to address the situation at hand. It is also likely that he will look into further expanding DACA as the House continues to completely avoid touching comprehensive immigration reform.
And therein lies the problem for today's Republican Party. In their continued effort to appeal to the most conservative portion of the American population, and embrace the ugly racism that bubbled to the surface during and after Obama's election, they've essentially told those who are not white, heterosexual, Christian males, “We have no use for you.” By allowing the Tea Party to basically set the platform for the Republican Party these past few years, the GOP has turned its back on its own long-term solvency. With the party's actions these past few weeks, Republicans have sealed their fate. Moving forward, they will be nothing more than a regional political party.
In 2004, President George W. Bush captured 40% of the Hispanic vote in that year's Presidential election. The fact is, despite all of his shortcomings, Bush did embrace a temporary guest worker program and wanted to see comprehensive immigration reform pass during his own presidency. However, when John McCain ran in 2008, he only captured 31% of the Hispanic vote. He decided to go further right on the immigration issue and it cost him a lot of support. When Romney ran in 2012, he was only able to get 27% of the Hispanic vote. Of course, Romney had to appeal to the far-right base during the GOP primary and he did his best to cast himself as extremely conservative on immigration reform.
This downward spiral will only continue for Republicans when it comes to Hispanic voters. Much like with African-Americans, the GOP can pretty much kiss off this group of voters forever. Once the GOP embraced the ‘Southern Strategy' following the Civil Rights Era of the '60s, they essentially wrote off the black vote forever. By embracing ugly rhetoric regarding the border crisis and their own intransigence on comprehensive immigration reform, Republicans are doing the same thing with Hispanic voters. They are telling them, in no uncertain way, that they are not welcome in their party and that their vote is not wanted.
The GOP has allowed the craziest and most hateful of their party to be the voice on immigration and issues surrounding the border. Due to the complete lack of leadership within the party, the most radical members of the party are the ones who are always heard. People like Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-MN), Rep. Steve King (R-IA), Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) and Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) are finding microphones and spouting out racist rhetoric whenever possible. And they are spurred on by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), who revels in his ability to create mass chaos in Washington. Every time one of these hateful extremists speaks, and they speak loud and often, the GOP loses more potential voters.
While it may be good for the conservative media entertainment complex, it is destroying the GOP. Oh well, they did it to themselves.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Hauled into Divorce Court by her lying, cheating husband, Madea Family Reunion actress D'Atra Hicks began to moan. Then she wailed. Then closed her eyes and unleashed a bluesy, brokenhearted tune that would put Amy Winehouse to shame.
D'Atra—who is a singer, too, apparently—told Judge Lynn Toler that she's "going to anger management class," which is where she learned to channel her rage into song. "I used to punch him in the face," she said of husband Loren Harper.
As Loren spoke, D'Atra hummed a quiet song of woe. Her voice rose as Loren's mistress arrived in court to tell her side of the story—and show off the ring Loren stole from D'Atra to give to her. "Lord have mercy, Jesus! Oooh! Ooohhh!" D'Atra wailed, her voice sailing through warbling octaves of grief. "Ohh, yeeeahh! Yeeeahhh! Your Hooo-ooo-oo-nor!" This entire video is worth watching, particularly the end when D'Atra sings a victory ode upon defeating mean Loren and his nasty mistress in court. [via NYMag, Crushable]
Sellafield nuclear plant has the world's largest store of separated plutonium
The UK's plan to cut its stockpile of separated plutonium is in "disarray", a group of scientists has warned.
The British Pugwash Group (BPG) says the way 100 tonnes of the deadly powder is being stored is "ludicrous".
Its experts fear the stockpile at the Sellafield nuclear site in Cumbria - the largest in the world - could be a target for terrorists.
The government said the plutonium was stored safely and securely but recognised the need to make progress.
'Manifestly ludicrous'
The Department of Energy and Climate Change said it would consider the points raised in a forthcoming consultation.
One of the authors of the BPG report, retired general Sir Hugh Beach, said: "It's a total absurdity that we should have 100 tonnes of separated plutonium sitting up at Sellafield in tin cans... that is manifestly ludicrous."
The report also said the failure of a taxpayer-funded facility to make nuclear fuel from the plutonium was "scandalous".
It said the UK had no policy to deal with the deadly material, which was reclaimed from used nuclear fuel by reprocessing, because there are no UK reactors which can use it.
In malicious hands, the report added, it could help make a "catastrophic" nuclear weapon, and there was also the risk of a 11 September-style attack on stores, causing a radiological release.
The BPG, an international group of scientists and non-proliferation experts, is named after a 1957 conference.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Highly radioactive water from Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant is pouring out at a rate of 300 tonnes a day, officials said on Wednesday, as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ordered the government to step in and help in the clean-up.
The revelation amounted to an acknowledgement that plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co (Tepco) has yet to come to grips with the scale of the catastrophe, 2 1/2 years after the plant was hit by a huge earthquake and tsunami. Tepco only recently admitted water had leaked at all.
Calling water containment at the Fukushima Daiichi station an “urgent issue,” Abe ordered the government for the first time to get involved to help to struggle Tepco handle the crisis.
The leak from the plant 220 km (130 miles) northeast of Tokyo is enough to fill an Olympic swimming pool in a week. The water is spilling into the Pacific Ocean, but it was not immediately clear how much of a threat it poses.
As early as January this year, Tepco found fish contaminated with high levels of radiation inside a port at the plant. Local fishermen and independent researchers had already suspected a leak of radioactive water, but Tepco denied the claims.
Tetsu Nozaki, the chairman of the Fukushima fisheries federation said he had only heard of the latest estimates of the magnitude of the seepage from media reports.
Environmental group Greenpeace said Tepco had “anxiously hid the leaks” and urged Japan to seek international expertise.
“Greenpeace calls for the Japanese authorities to do all in their power to solve this situation, and that includes increased transparancy...and getting international expertise in to help find solutions,” Dr. Rianne Teule of Greenpeace International said in an emailed statement.
In the weeks after the disaster, the government allowed Tepco to dump tens of thousands of tonnes of contaminated water into the Pacific in an emergency move.
But the escalation of the crisis raises the risk of an even longer and more expensive clean-up, already forecast to take more than 40 years and cost $11 billion.
The admission further dents the credibility of Tepco, criticised for its failure to prepare for the tsunami and earthquake, for a confused response to the disaster and for covering up shortcomings.
“We think that the volume of water (leaking into the Pacific) is about 300 tonnes a day,” said Yushi Yoneyama, an official with the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, which oversees energy policy.
Tatsuya Shinkawa, a director in METI's Nuclear Accident Response Office, told reporters the government believed water had been leaking for two years, but Yoneyama told Reuters it was unclear how long the water had been leaking at the current rate.
Shinkawa described the water as “highly” contaminated.
The water is from the area between the crippled reactors and the ocean, where Tepco has sought to block the flow of contaminated water by chemically hardening the soil.
Tetsu Nozaki, head of the Fukushima fisheries federation called for action to end the spillage.
Workers wearing protective suits and masks are seen near tanks of radiation-contaminated water at Tokyo Electric Power Company's (TEPCO) tsunami-crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Fukushima prefecture in this March 6, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Issei Kato/Files
“If the water was indeed leaking out at 300 tonnes a day for more than two years, the radiation readings should be far worse,” Nozaki told Reuters. “Either way, we have asked Tepco to stop leaking contaminated water into the ocean.”
ABE STEPS IN
Abe ordered his government into action. The contaminated water was “an urgent issue to deal with”, he told reporters after a meeting of a government task force on the disaster.
“Rather than relying on Tokyo Electric, the government will take measures,” he said after instructing METI Minister Toshimitsu Motegi to ensure Tepco takes appropriate action.
The prime minister stopped short of pledging funds to address the issue, but the ministry has requested a budget allocation, an official told Reuters.
The Nikkei newspaper said the funds would be used to freeze the soil to keep groundwater out of reactor buildings - a project estimated to cost up to 40 billion yen ($410 million).
Tepco's handling of the clean-up has complicated Japan's efforts to restart its 50 nuclear power plants. All but two remain shut since the disaster because of safety concerns.
That has made Japan dependent on expensive imported fuels.
An official from the newly created nuclear watchdog told Reuters on Monday that the highly radioactive water seeping into the ocean from Fukushima was creating an “emergency” that Tepco was not containing on its own.
Abe on Wednesday asked the regulator's head to “do his best to find out the cause and come up with effective measures”.
Tepco pumps out some 400 tonnes a day of groundwater flowing from the hills above the nuclear plant into the basements of the destroyed buildings, which mixes with highly irradiated water used to cool the fuel that melted down in three reactors.
Tepco is trying to prevent groundwater from reaching the plant by building a “bypass”, but recent spikes of radioactive elements in seawater prompted the utility to reverse denials and acknowledge that tainted water is reaching the sea.
Tepco and the industry ministry have been working since May on a proposal to freeze the soil to prevent groundwater from leaking into the reactor buildings.
Similar technology is used in subway construction, but Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said that the vast scale of Tepco's attempt was “unprecedented in the world.”
The technology was proposed by Kajima Corp, , a construction company already heavily involved in the clean-up.
Experts say maintaining the ground temperatures for months or years would be costly. The plan is to freeze a 1.4 km (nearly one mile) perimeter around the four damaged reactors by drilling shafts into the ground and pumping coolant through them.
Slideshow (5 Images)
“Right now there are no details (of the project yet). There's no blueprint, no nothing yet, so there's no way we can scrutinise it,” said Shinji Kinjo, head of the task force set up by the nuclear regulator to deal with the water issue.
($1 = 97.6050 Japanese yen)
EDMONTON – How many times have you gone to a bar or pub and waited what seems like ages to get a drink? Well, a popular Whyte Avenue pub is hoping to change that with Alberta's first self-serve beer system.
American native Josh Goodman says the idea for the Pour My Beer system — which is now in operation at O'Byrne's Irish Pub — came to him about five years ago.
“I was in a bar and wanted to get a drink and I couldn't get one. So I started doing some engineering and figuring out a way that people could access beer when the bar was full, three rows deep of people.”
The way it works is, you come into the bar and get a digital wristband from one of the staff members. Each wristband is loaded with two pints of beer per person.
“You sit down, you'll scan your wristband… and then away you go,” said Cathal O'Byrne, General Manager of O'Byrne's Irish Pub.
“It'll show you how many ounces you have to pour, how many ounces you've poured. And then when you want more beer, you can just call Jenny (the waitress) over… tell her you want two more beers and they'll just automatically go onto your wristband.”
O'Byrne's currently has two self-serve beer tables, each equipped with four taps. The tables are still monitored by staff and the taps are run by technology, which is designed to make sure people aren't over-serving themselves.
“After you pour your first pint, the table will shut off. So beer will not pour out of this tap… until you reset it,” O'Byrne explained. “It shows how much you've had. It shows how much you've poured. It shows how much is remaining.
“When you scan this (the wristband), you've got approximately six to 10 seconds to pour your first beer,” he added. “Just so someone else can't come up and snag your beer.”
It's hoped the pour-your-own beer idea will be a hit with customers, while creating an engaging atmosphere.
“We want them to pour beer, we want them to have a good time,” O'Byrne said. “We're going to have staff here training people how to pour the perfect pint… it's going to be great.”
“It's to get customers engaging in something that they've maybe never done before,” Goodman added. “In today's day in age with sampling and tasting, this opens up that Pandora's Box, if you will, to allow customers to come in and taste a little bit of every beer.”
O'Brynes's self-serve tables went into operation Wednesday night.
The Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission (AGLC) amended its policy regarding the dispensing of liquor service last year to allow for these types of taps in Alberta.
Follow @CaleyRamsay
With files from Shane Jones, Global News.
Higgins is headed to the estate with several guests when a truck attempts to run their car over a cliff. One of the guests, Pamela Bates, is so frightened by the incident she decides to hire a private investigator snubbing Magnum's offer as an investigator. When Amy Salyer, another of the guests, leaves the estate, despite her fear over the previous day's incident, Magnum's curiosity is piqued. Magnum follows her to a business. When Salyer leaves, she is followed by a mysterious man. Magnum manages to track Salyer down, but not without dodging bullets from Salyer's pursuer. Back at the estate, Bates' private investigator has finally arrived. To Magnum's disbelief it is none other than mystery novelist Jessica Fletcher. Despite Magnum's skepticism regarding the ability of a novelist to help solve a real-life case, it's clear time is running out when an intruder takes a shot at an estate lunch. Written by Christopher D. <imdbreviews@gmail.com>
Final Fantasy XV director Hajime Tabata addressed a number of fan concerns during its Final Fantasy Type-0 HD Extended Talk Show this morning.
Find the full Q&A below.
Q: So after all, the E3 2013 trailer was a lie? You can't actually play like that?
A：You can fight like that. I think in the recent play demonstration we showed several techniques and functions, but at E3 last year the game was running on a prototype environment (Ebony). At TGS 2014 we showed the game running in the actual environment (Luminous). Right now we are in the process of migrating functions from the prototype into it. It will take time to migrate it all. I wanted to show footage in the actual environment as soon as possible, so I ended up showing something that is in the midst of migrating. The video shows actual footage, not an idealized version. It will become more and more advanced from here on out.
Q: Can you go into detail about the “holding down the button” issue? Is it really okay to just hold the button down?
A：It's not that simple! (Laughs.) Yes, when you continue to hold down the guard button, you can basically auto-guard and evade, but it consumes MP. You can't infinitely evade. You have to think about timing, when it's a good idea to attack or evade. Also, you aren't invincible. There are attacks you can't avoid. In those cases, there are also essential technical evasion methods.
Q: What about attacks?
A：When you push the attack button, you invoke the standard combo. You can change the actions by using it in coordination with the directional buttons. The actions change depending on your circumstances—things like whether you're guarding and whether the timing is right, (imagine in this circumstance: when you're guarding, you might get a chance to counterattack or something), or if your companions are nearby.
Q: Can you change the operational character?
A：Not in its current specifications. Everyone on the development team thoroughly looked into an Active Cross Battle system that made free use of attack, guard, and co-op functions, but as a result they arrived at the conclusion that changing characters would be too difficult. In order to create a new and interesting battle system, we ended up not being able to put in the character switching.
Q: Is jumping in?
A: It is. Considering PlayStation 4 has plenty of buttons, there is an independent jump button.
Q: What about free running?
A: It's there. Except for the character switching, everything that was in the E3 2013 trailer is still there. All the cool actions like the weapons barrier that surrounds Noctis called “Phantom Sword,” and the short warps and jumping from the Behemoth battle are in the actual game. We'll release more information later on, so please look forward to it.
Q: What about weapon selection?
A: You set them yourself before battle. You set each weapon considering what actions you can use with which weapons. You can only determine one weapon from the ones equipped to be your main one, but that weapon will come with techniques which can be invoked at your discretion in battle. Besides the basic assault button (attack), you can invoke techniques with the technique button.
Q: I can't tell if it's more like Kingdom Hearts or Final Fantasy Type-0. Which is it?
A: We explained that when you push the attack button, you invoke the standard combo, which is similar to Type-0. Considering the battle system as a whole, however, it is different from both Type-0 and Kingdom Hearts.
Q: Is it being simplified for casual users? Is is still an action RPG?
A: In order to widen its appeal, we're developing the game aware that anyone can immediately be able to play it, however the game as a whole is not casual. Because it's a core game, we have casual controls. If you obtain good weapons and level up, you won't have to worry about clearing the main scenarios.
Q: Will you listen to feedback from the demo version?
A: We want to reference your feedback during development, but how we're going to do that is still under review.
Q: Haven't you been poor at putting out information?
A: If our fans are uneasy about the information we have released, then our ways of issuing information may in fact be poor. Even though we didn't have a lot of time, I wanted to make clear the current situation. In the future, our information releases might be poor, but I think we can receive your approval.
This is the real deal in modern wild design. This is the “Plug-In” affordable youth mobility project by Ramesh Gound. According to Gound, there is a big “buy 1, get 1 free” shopping attitude in the market around the Ahmedabad area of India. This simple concept gave Gound the idea to take two motorcycles and attach them in the middle. Each motorcycle is owned by its respective party, a young person with a big appetite for sports vehicles but a small pocketbook, then they attach. Once two motos attach in the middle, they become that fantastic sports car from heaven.
Two drive-by-wire bikes are owned by separate people. They wanna attach them for a longer drive or some sort of trip that's not great for motorcycle, or hey, if they just wanna cruuuze… they attach in the center of the two.
The hood is made of D3O, which when the bikes are not attached, stows away in the bike configuration. This whole concept is aimed to take on congested cities such as Mumbai.
NOTE: some info from Gound — This project is my final year Diploma project at National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad India sponsored by Renault Design India.
Rock it!
Designer: Ramesh Gound
Saint Theophilus the Penitent or Theophilus of Adana (died c. 538 AD) was a cleric in the sixth century Church who is said to have made a deal with the Devil to gain an ecclesiastical position. His story is significant as it is the oldest story of a pact with the devil and was an inspiration for the Faust legend. His feast day is February 4.
Eutychianus of Adana, who claimed to be an eyewitness of the events, is the first to record Theophilus's story. Although Theophilus is considered to be an historical personage, the tale associated with him is of an apocryphal nature.
Legend [ edit ]
Maastricht Hours, ca. 1300-25 Theophilus making a pact with the devil. Miniature in the, ca. 1300-25
Theophilus was the archdeacon of Adana, Cilicia, which is part of modern Turkey. He was unanimously elected to be a bishop, and when out of humility he turned the position down, another man was elected in his stead. When the new bishop unjustly deprived Theophilus of his position as archdeacon, Theophilus regretted his previous stance and sought out a necromancer to help him contact Satan. In exchange for his aid, Satan demanded that Theophilus renounce Christ and the Virgin Mary in a contract signed with his own blood. Theophilus complied, and the devil gave him the position as bishop.
Later, fearful for his soul, Theophilus repented and prayed to the Virgin for forgiveness. After forty days of fasting, the Virgin appeared to him and verbally chastised him. Theophilus begged forgiveness and Mary promised to intercede with God. He then fasted a further thirty days, after which Mary appeared to him again, granted him absolution. However, Satan was unwilling to relinquish his hold over Theophilus, and three days later, Theophilus awoke to find the damning contract on his chest. He then took the contract to the legitimate bishop and confessed all that he had done. The bishop burned the document, and Theophilus died out of sheer joy to be free from the burden of his contract.
Variations [ edit ]
Different versions of Theophilus's tale introduce various details, including:
Theophilus's motivation for pursuing a deal with the devil is simple jealousy.
The magician is specifically referred to as a Jew.
The magician is omitted completely; Theophilus deals with the devil alone.
Theophilus repents the day after he makes his deal, as the bishop apologizes to him.
Mary appears immediately after Theophilus begins to pray.
Mary does not appear at all, but Theophilus's contract appears on his chest the morning after he first prays.
The devil provided Theophilus with great wealth in addition to his position in the church. This wealth is then distributed to the poor before Theophilus's ecstatic death.
Importance [ edit ]
Theophilus's story played a role in establishing the importance of the intercession of the Virgin Mary, in addition to providing a basis for later tales involving the conjuration of devils.
The Virgin Mary increased in her theological importance throughout the 11th century. The story was used to illustrate the power and necessity of her intercession by Peter Damian, Bernard of Clairvaux, Anthony of Padua, Bonaventure and much later on by Alphonsus Liguori. The story of Theophilus formed the basis of a thirteenth-century miracle play by the trouvère Rutebeuf, Le Miracle de Théophile, one of the earliest pieces of French theatre extant.
The story of Saint Theophilus is an important example in the development of the theology of witchcraft. As seen in the tale, the summoning of devils was not originally considered to be a damning sin, Theophilus's troubles come from the fact that he has sold his soul, not that he treated with the devil. This changed during the late 13th century and into the 14th century as Inquisitors such as Bernard Gui and Nicolau Aymerich sought to expand the power of the Inquisition, whose mandate was the suppression of heresy, by defining sorcery as a form of heresy. Accordingly, Theophilus would have been branded a heretic for his association with the devil.
The Legend in Art [ edit ]
The legend of Theophilus first appears in art in the 11th century in an historiated initial, which depicts the Virgin (who is seated between two angels) with Theophilus at her feet.[1] The earliest intact narrative cycle is at the abbey church of Sainte-Marie at Souillac, France.[2] This sculpture depicts four scenes of the legend: the signing of the bond, the oath of loyalty to the devil, Theophilus's repentance, and the return of the bond by the Virgin.
The legend was the most popular in art in the 13th century; it occurred most frequently in illuminated manuscripts[3] and stained glass.[4] In both illuminated manuscripts and stained glass that depict this legend there are usually four scenes that are shown: the sealing of the bond between Theophilus and the devil, Theophilus repenting, the Virgin recovering the bond, and the Virgin returning the bond to Theophilus.[5] This legend is the only non-biblical Marian story consistently depicted in sculpture and glass in French cathedrals during this time.[6][7]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Mâle, Emile (1986). Religious Art in France: The Thirteenth Century. Translated by Mathews, Marthiel. Princeton University Press. p. 261. ^ Cothren, M.W. (1984). "The Iconography of the Theophilus Windows in the First Half of the Thirteenth Century". Speculum. 59: 308–341. ^ Root, Jerry (2017). The Theophilus Legend in Medieval Text and Image. Cambridge: D. S. Brewer. ISBN 9781843844617. ^ Cothren, M.W. (1984). "The Iconography of the Theophilus Windows in the First Half of the Thirteenth Century". Speculum. 59: 308–341. ^ Cothren, M.W. (1984). "The Iconography of the Theophilus Windows in the First Half of the Thirteenth Century". Speculum. 59: 308–341. ^ Mâle, Emile (1984). Religious Art in France: The Thirteenth Century. Translated by Mathews, Mathiel. Princeton University Press. p. 262,266. ^ Sangster, Minnie B. (1999). "Envisioning Le Miracle de Theophile in France: Stained Glass, Sculpture, and Stage". Medieval Perspectives. 14: 191–201.
Sources [ edit ]
The National Library of the Netherlands has a collection of images pertaining to Saint Theophilus.
Mark Anscombe was pretty frank last weekend after his Canadians lost to Japan 26-22 in the first-ever rugby test at BC Place.
“I commend the guys' attitude,” Anscombe told reporters after the game last Saturday. “That was brilliant, but at international level, you've got to kick your goals, and we didn't. If we'd only kicked one of them, then we're taking a shot to win the game.
“It's tough, but that's what it's all about.”
Between Gord McRorie, who took five shots at goal, and Brock Staller, who attempted a 50-plus metre effort, Canada managed just one successful kick.
McRorie is effectively the incumbent kicker. For most of Kieran Crowley's eight years in charge he had the super-reliable James Pritchard as an option. In the first four years he also had Ander Monro as an option.
But Monro exited the scene after the 2011 Rugby World Cup. Pritchard's kicking waned in the last year or two, to the point where he was originally dropped from the squad ahead of the RWC. In his absence, the kicking duties fell to the likes of Liam Underwood, Nathan Hirayama, Harry Jones, Connor Braid and McRorie.
Hirayama and Jones are both off playing sevens but could be back in the mix after Rio. Braid is only just back playing and might be considered again down the road, while Underwood, long out with a knee injury, is in consideration this weekend. Of the handful of options we've seen with the tee in the last two years, Underwood may have the strongest case.
Brock Staller, who is injured this weekend, is another who has shown ability; you have to wonder if he'll get a crack at the job. Andrew Ferguson, currently third on the scrum half depth chart behind McRorie and Jamie Mackenzie, showed off his kicking prowess during the Americas Rugby Championship. He's another who may be in line sooner rather than later.
Last weekend wasn't the first time Canada's lost a game because of missed kicks in the last few years. At the RWC, if Canada had an Ayumu Goromaru or a Florin Vlaicu of their own, those losses to Italy and Romania seem much less likely.
Or dial back to last summer, when Canada lost to Samoa 21-20 in Toronto (Pritchard hit four kicks, but he also missed two kickable penalties) and 15-13 to the USA in Vancouver (Underwood missed just one penalty, but, salt in the wound: the USA's AJ McGinty was perfect, including a drop goal). Two summers ago, there's the heart-breaking 19-17 loss to Scotland (Pritchard, who nailed four penalties on the day also rang an easy penalty off the post with 15 minutes to play).
The overall picture: it's not just that Canada's struggling with kicks – it's the struggle with kickable shots that's most worrying.
It's not rocket science to realize that not every kick is made the same. Where you win penalties is as important as anything. In the misses mentioned above, Canada was very much in the game. They were winning penalties in spots you'd expect your kicker to have success.
Canada scored four tries vs. Japan — a reminder that Canada can score the big points. It's the fine details which continue to need work.
LINEUP FOR RUSSIA SEES UNDERWOOD'S RETURN
Notably there was the return to the starting lineup for Mozac Samson at outside centre, taking Brock Staller's spot after the UBC man was injured. He was thrilling attacker during the ARC and there's every reason to think he'll be an impact player in Calgary.
Even more intriguing: Liam Underwood has been named on the bench. It's his first time in Canada action since injuring his knee vs. Ireland in the opening game of the Rugby World Cup. He was part of the sevens squad this season, but was never fit enough to play.
He'll be Pat Parfrey's backup – but given Underwood's front-foot, dynamic running approach, how long until the roles are reversed? Parfrey put in a solid if unspectacular performance vs. Japan, but the backs were used more than complementary pieces rather than primary attacking points.
Parfrey's steady hand may be better suited to what looks likely to be Anscombe's preferred approach over the long-term.
ABOUT THAT CROWD
Calgary is nearing a sellout, something Vancouver couldn't manage.
This requires a caveat: Calgary Rugby Park is a much smaller venue.
That being said, the crowd last Saturday was disappointing, both to organizers and observers. The announced figure was just over 10,000. As someone who watched the game after the fact on TV, that seemed high. The lower bowl seats 28,000 or so, Rugby Canada had aimed to sell half that.
The reported figure suggests they landed somewhere between two-thirds and a three-quarters of their goal.
Whatever the number, it was short of what seems possible. The Canada Sevens drew 30,000 people each day, after all.
There's been a lot of criticism of how the game was promoted. That may be some of it, but as someone who's been attending rugby games in this town for 20 years – that's always been a criticism. Maybe we should re-set our thinking: the sevens were a true outlier. It was an event which didn't see a lot of traditional promotion. A lot was word of mouth – and I also suspect the “World Rugby Sevens Series” moniker made it seem even bigger. At least one person I know reported hearing from others “did you hear the Rugby World Cup is coming to Vancouver?”
They were wrong, of course, but we start to see why the IRB re-branded to WR. It's intentional confusion.
There's also the tradition of “tests.” I was asked more than once “what are Canada and Japan playing for?” Nothing, is the answer, of course. This brings a quizzical response, one that effectively asks “what's the point?” That there's nothing seemingly to play for is a problem when you're trying to recruit casual fans.
That may be disappointing, but it's reality. Give me something from this experience. That's a lesson for sports fans in Vancouver in general.
It's a problem The Economist wrote about recently, in reference to the decline of test cricket: more and more, fans are turning out for the games which have a broader context, and less and less for ones that have no apparent value other than momentary pride.
There's also the truth of the Canadian sports landscape which we must remind ourselves: rugby is well down the list. It's been well down the list for sometime. Despite some claims to the contrary, it's not really growing. The women's side of things is actually showing some growth – being a medal contender in sevens and runners-up in XVs will do that – but the men's game and the youth game are mostly spinning their wheels. There's a lot of work to be done, not just in promoting the games which still draw the most eyeballs.
The other thing: winning. The disastrous RWC put the men's team on the backburner in terms of organic, fan-generated buzz. A win on the weekend would have gone a long way. A string of wins over the next year will go even further.
Will Rugby Canada be back to Vancouver? They should be. Will they try BC Place again? Let's hope so. Will they try a new marketing approach? They'd be better.
— with a file from The Canadian Press
pjohnston@postmedia.com
twitter.com/risingaction
facebook.com/tryandtackle
When this cop explained "the right to remain silent," he didn't expect to hear grunts and moans.
Earlier this week, a Wisconsin couple -- 33-year-old Travis Husnik and 29-year-old Heather Basten -- were sentenced to 90 and 48 days of jail respectively for, according to the police report, making love in the backseat of a squad car after an arrest for drunken driving in August.
Specifically, the officer heard Basten "moan loudly" and noticed her legs "touching the ceiling." He then stopped the car and realized the pair were "having sexual intercourse," based on the fact that he could "see both of their privates." (We'd say they kept digging themselves deeper after the initial arrest, but it sounds more like they kept plowing.)
In court, the prosecutor was basically at a loss for words, saying, "This is kind of...it's a little disgusting," reports the Green Bay Press-Gazette. Even Husnik's own attorney said, "We're in complete agreement with the state that this was completely unacceptable behavior."
Judge Jay Conley didn't take kindly to the incident. "At a minimum, the mildest word that I can think of, the most favorable word I can think of, is your conduct is completely disrespectful to the officer," he said during the hearing. "The process of being arrested is supposed to be somewhat unpleasant ... and you end up having a tryst. Incredible."
The judge also wondered aloud, "What do I sentence a guy who has sex in squad car to?"
Husnik ultimately received a harsher sentence due to breaking his probation with the "lewd conduct," though Basten received $1,236 in fines and fees for actually being behind the wheel. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law -- or anything you spray.
This past week has seen the publication of two important research papers dealing with transgender children. The first, from Amsterdam's world famous Center of Expertise on Gender Dysphoria at VU Medical Centre, was published in the leading American pediatrics journal, Pediatrics. This study is described in understandable detail by Dr. Jack Drescher, a trans-supportive psychiatrist and Past President and Member of the LGBT Committee of the Group for Advancement of Psychiatry, who played a major role in removing transgender identity being considered a mental illness. The second was written by Dr. Drescher in association with Dr. Jack Pula, and published by the Hastings Center, and considers the ethical issues raised by such treatments and others.
The conclusion of the first study was one we knew anecdotally for several years - that adult trans men and women benefit strongly from the use of puberty-suppressing hormones before being administered cross-gender hormones and undergoing surgical treatment and entering adulthood. They are as happy and well-adjusted as their cisgender counterparts, and there are no obvious side effects from the delay in puberty. 71% called their social transition "easy," a stunning percentage compared to earlier generations for whom "easy" would rarely have been in one's vocabulary. It has also been obvious to the hundreds of thousands of trans women and men who were forced to undergo the wrong puberty. We've long known that there is little in life as miserable as puberty, but the wrong puberty is torture. And I will say here, in response to one of the ethical questions raised by Drs. Drescher and Pula - given the state of the art of medicine today, it is malpractice to force a trans child to undergo what she or he believes to be the wrong puberty. Too many mental health providers, to justify their own discomfort with trans persons, have long demanded adolescents undergo the wrong puberty in an attempt to cure them of their trans feelings. It must stop.
It's fair to say that with the exception of a few religious fundamentalist outliers, the mental health community today accepts the existence of trans adolescents and adults, and is no longer in the business of reparative therapy. The ongoing debate continues, however, with respect to children who either behave in a gender variant manner or express a trans gender identity. As Drs. Drescher and Pula point out, there is little research on the natural history of trans children, though the Europeans are studying this issue across multiple centers, and most children who are gender non-conforming turn out to be cisgender gay men and women. This, too, has long been known from work in hospital clinics, particularly the one at Children's Hospital in DC. It's also been easy to infer, since many gay men and women were gender variant during childhood. Since there are roughly 12 times as many gay adults as trans ones, most gender variant children, just by the numbers, would turn out not to become trans adolescents. However, the vast majority of trans adults were trans children and adolescents, and it's wrong to harm them by denying effective treatment, just to potentially preclude the need for a detransition by some who will grow up to be cisgender gay men and lesbians.
Drs. Drescher and Pula discuss the three different approaches to trans children today - (1) the outdated and harmful approach of Dr. Ken Zucker of Toronto's Center for Addiction and Mental Health (formerly the Clarke Institute), known affectionately by trans persons worldwide as Jurassic Clarke, (2) the laissez-faire approach of the pioneers in Amsterdam, and (3) the more recent proactive support for early transition by Diane Ehrensaft and colleagues at UCSF. I know that it is extremely difficult for people to understand the trauma suffered by children denied their fundamental identities as sexual beings, but no ignorance on the part of health care providers or dearth of research excuses those providers from allowing trans children their right of self determination. Yes, on occasion a child who pushes to transition may "desist" and revert back to the birth gender assignment in a few years, but even so, that detransition does not cause as much harm, or the same type of harm, as the refusal to allow a desired transition in the first place. As Drs. Drescher and Pula point out, the withdrawal of love and approval shown by parents who refuse to assist in a social transition will often be internalized by the child with long-term effects. It's destructive to feel utterly alone as a child; harder even than not being allowed to be yourself.
While we don't know, for sure, which gender variant children will grow up and remain trans, there is a lot of experience in those settings in differentiating the gay boys from the trans girls. There is often a qualitative difference in the child's presentation and play behavior, and as Dr. Ehrensaft says, the real life experience of allowing a child to transition will provide the family and providers ample evidence of whether or not the treatment is working. As I said before, if the child changes her mind and reverts back to being a gay teen dude, it's unlikely there will be much lasting psychological damage. In a world becoming increasingly comfortable with gay men, it's hard for me to believe that their experience of a few childhood years living as girls will permanently scar them or lead to social ostracism. Though, to be fair, with the rootedness of misogyny in our society, and the unfortunate persistence of gay transphobia, it probably won't be easy for another generation or two.
AUSTIN -– DPS announced the launch of its mobile app, which is designed to give Texans instant access to the state's Sex Offender Registry, Texas 10 Most Wanted program and other valuable resources. The app is free to download, and is available for iPhones, iPads, and Android phones and tablets.
“This app is a dynamic and interactive link between the public and our department,” said DPS Director Steven McCraw. “Today's digital age makes it imperative that Texans have easy and immediate access to an array of DPS programs, services and resources – and this app puts that power at their fingertips.”
The DPS app allows users to submit tips for wanted fugitives and report suspicious behavior from their mobile devices. In addition, app users can view location-based information about human trafficking, registered sex offenders and more.
Key features of the app include:
Paul Zimmerman/WireImage
Friendships are like romantic relationships: They mostly end, sometimes badly. And when a friendship defines a band, then ends, and that band decides to proceed without a member, it's never quite the same again. The friendship between Mark Hoppus and Tom DeLonge was the foundation of Blink-182. The apocryphal origin story of DeLonge and Hoppus's first hang sesh as early-twenties dudes in San Diego includes the detail that Hoppus climbed a street lamp and broke his ankles coming down in order to impress DeLonge, as if in an awkward, punk The Notebook. They bonded over a shared interest in goofball nihilists The Ramones and beautiful U.K. sad-boy music from the '80s like The Cure and The Smiths, and formed Blink-182, whose power-pop poignance included a lot of songs about being insecure failures.
The "pop" portion of pop-punk meant that Blink-182 were a band in touch with its every fleeting feeling — and this was 1992, so pre-emo era, mind you. These guys felt things in teenage extremes of elation and lowness. Their breakthrough single, "Josie," posits a romance that sounds like a great friendship: Our narrator respects his girlfriend for her taste in music (Dance Hall Crashers) and movies (Vacation) just as much as the stuff she does for him (brings him Mexican food from Sombrero just because). Nothing seemed more romantic to me in 1998, or now, than a pledge of fealty from a dude who just wanted to hang out and watch '70s comedies and eat burritos. That deeply romantic streak is what set Blink-182 apart. They captured that totally crushed-out teenage feeling perfectly, in soaring choruses with snotty vocals. Despite their broishness, they mostly sang about women like they were people, and their ideal imaginary girl's main traits were coolness and independence. Their idea of romance was so simple, so mundanely suburban, and so beautiful to me: “Always, I know, you'll be at my show.”
Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic, Inc
Blink-182 formed in the early '90s, peaked at the end of that decade, then continued on for a few more years in a victory lap until internal conflict blew them up. They went on hiatus in 2005, reunited in 2009, and put out their "comeback" album, Neighborhoods, in 2011. Hoppus and DeLonge's side projects Box Car Racer, +44, and Angels & Airwaves were met with derision from critics and shrugs from most Blink fans. Why experiment with form and function when you've mastered the three-minute pop song? Why do you have to be good at other things too? It's the tiniest violin, or maybe the tiniest cello — the kind you might use to back up your "serious" song.
We expect people to mature as they age, but most people just get older. Youthful arrogance morphs into adult stubbornness. Suddenly everyone's set in their ways. Blink-182 are a band whose whole appeal is built on immaturity. To grow up would mean to become an entirely different kind of band, to devolve — or perhaps to rot. Their 1999 smash “What's My Age Again?” makes reference to feeling over the hill at 23, and had the working title "Peter Pan Complex." But time makes LOLs of us all. People do change and grow apart. When your friendship is also your day job, it puts a strain on both. The dissolution of the friendship between DeLonge and Hoppus appears to be a Ghost World–like situation where one friend (Hoppus) just wants to sell out and be a grown-up and the other one (DeLonge) steadfastly refuses, out of youthful principles they still adhere to, becoming alienated from both their friend and the world at large.
Today, Mark Hoppus openly professes to a California dad lifestyle of cargo shorts, green tea, and listening to audiobooks about Benedict Arnold. He was at least once registered to vote Libertarian, a rich white Californian's first turn into officially becoming The Man. He comes off very happy-go-lucky and tweets dad jokes that would make Art Linkletter blush, like "People who think I don't live my life on the edge of oblivion never saw the time I told my wife she looked tired." Meanwhile, DeLonge has become a different sort of heavily codified free-thinker, becoming immersed in the UFO subculture and tweeting things like, "I am Producing Major Motion Pictures with people in Government to tell the true story about the UFO phenomenon for the first time. YES." Hoppus, for his part, told Vice, "I don't think that aliens have visited us — I believe there's life out there of some sort but I don't think they've come here and hung out."
It's easy to understand how all the members of Blink-182 might have eventually felt boxed in by the Blink formula, and also how seductive it would have been for Hoppus and drummer Travis Barker to make a Blink-182 tribute album after the split. DeLonge, the "difficult" one, was also the band member who expressed the most interest in expanding the band's direction and sound. Then again, what's the harm in rehashing the hits that made you big if there's no chance you're going to improve? Isn't accepting defeat and making peace with limitations a kind of maturity, too? You can see it from both sides, even if DeLonge and Hoppus can't. Did stardom doom the band to become a bloated entity, destined to fracture the union between two men who started as touring punks crashing on floors and ended up as millionaires with art collections? The attempts to rekindle Blink-182 since 2005 have been plagued with bad blood, like an on-and-off relationship that fails each time for exactly the same reason. And possibly the reason they keep failing at reuniting is because they are meant to fail. The passionate relationship that fuels your whole world in your early twenties is not necessarily the one you end up in forever, and often for good reason. The platonic ideal of lifelong friendship is riddled with as many holes as that of lifelong romantic partnership. Best bros who love each other also sometimes resent each other, and it happens that resentment overpowers love.
During the making of Neighborhoods, Hoppus and DeLonge stopped talking to each other entirely, communicating only through their managers. The classic lineup of Hoppus, DeLonge, and Barker was slated to record a seventh album together, but the group broke up again for reasons that remain classified. Just as Hoppus's basic normality ultimately showed itself, DeLonge's long-present and once mostly whimsical paranoid streak hardened into stone. DeLonge claims he was axed from the band with no warning. Barker and Hoppus say DeLonge backed out of performance commitments, forcing them to essentially divorce him. Hoppus and Barker opted to bring in Matt Skiba from Alkaline Trio as a ringer and call the new group Blink-182, but the new frontman makes this a full-on Van Hagar reboot. After failing to age up their sound for the last time with Neighborhoods, Blink apparently saddled up to do what old bands do: Age all the way back down, and try to recreate the sound America first fell in love with, on their latest album, California. But without Tom DeLonge, it can't help but be a zombie version of Blink-182 — a “Mike Love's Beach Boys” of pop-punk. Any band that sang wistfully about its teenage years long into its members' twenties and thirties is easily primed to become a nostalgia band. The hooks are there, but without DeLonge's angst, it's a sanded-down version of the band that always feels like it's missing a phantom lip ring.
Without DeLonge in the picture, California's nods to the band's San Diego origins — plus Skiba's passing resemblance to the man he's replaced — go beyond the Uncanny Valley to shades of Vertigo. There are many such strange moments on California: Joke songs meant to recall the band's glory days just serve as a jarring reminder that we are listening to grown-ass adult dads sing lyrics like "I wanna see some naked dudes / That's why I built this pool." Using homoeroticism as a gross-out tactic has been played out in punk since the '90s; here it feels designed to win chuckles from 12-year-old boys. Which is to say Blink-182's obsession with dicks and bodily functions, which already seemed schticky and immature a decade back, is now just downright bizarre. Occasionally, California broaches the subject of growing up, namely through the idea that regardless of whether you feel mature enough to claim adulthood, the world sees you as a grown-up. "It's a long way back from 17," they sing on lead single "Bored to Death." But the album ends with "Brohemian Rhapsody," another joke song that punctures any pretensions, the entire lyrics of which are "There's something about you / That I can't quite put my finger in."
California augments the traditional Blink-182 sound with anthemic stadium-rock chants, but the album is largely a return to the sound and approach that originally made this band likable — its dual-pronged sword of teen horniness and teen angst, a marriage of The Raspberries' "Go All the Way" and the brilliant cretinism of The Ramones. There's a "The Rock Show" retread called "She's Out of Her Mind" that references Bauhaus, the self-serious verging on nu-metal dystopian dream of "Los Angeles," and the would-be romance of "Sober" and "Teenage Satellites." The song “San Diego” veers the closest to greatness by addressing the DeLonge split. Goldfinger's John Feldmann, who produced California, encouraged Hoppus to write the song. The chorus goes, "I can't sleep, 'cause what if I dream of going back to San Diego / We bought a one-way ticket so we could go see The Cure and listen to our favorite songs in the parking lot." But the harmonies that intertwine with Hoppus's voice are sung by Skiba. The effect is like seeing an old love with their new partner, and finally realizing you really never can go back.
Subscribe to the MTV Podcast Network on iTunes so you don't miss an episode of "North Mollywood," "Speed Dial," "The Stakes," "Game of Crones," and more.
South Carolina State Senator Kevin Bryant has removed a classy photo from his website showing Osama Bin Laden next to Barack
Obama with text claiming the difference between them is "just a little B.S."
Update: Interview with Bryant added below.
The photo was highlighted by Wonkette and The Hill, among other sites, and when I tried to access the blog post in question at 3PM ET, it had been removed from Bryant's website.
Wonkette captured a screen shot:
Bryant appears to have been a longtime McCain supporter, having posted a Draft McCain press release all the way back in August 2006.
UPDATE: The blog post now appears to be available again.
UPDATE II: I just got ahold of State Senator Bryant over the phone, and asked him whether he thought the image was appropriate.
"It was meant tongue in cheek," he said, adding, "I've got some questions about Senator Obama's ties to -- such as his comment that we should negotiate with Iran. Iran's a country that would like to destroy Israel, that bothers me. But is this picture appropriate? I don't know." He let out a loud laugh. "It's gotten a lot more attention than I would have expected."
Does he think Obama is actually having terrorist ties? "I don't think he's tied to terrorists, no. I do think he's probably more sympathetic to nations that allow terrorism than I would prefer. And that's why I posted it. Am I saying that him and Osama work together? No, I'm not saying that at all."
And what religion does Bryant think Obama practices? "That's a good question. I don't know."
Bryant says he's supporting John McCain for president, and that he is trying to figure out how to remove the Osama-Obama image from his website. "I may put it back up, I may not," he said. "I just thought I'd take it down and think about it."
He added: "You know, blogs are for satire and whatnot and, um, that's why it's up. It's similar to the New Yorker picture. Maybe that's why this has gotten so much attention, because of that thing that came out a couple days ago."
UPDATE III: South Carolina's Senate Democrats just sent out a release hammering Bryant:
Animal activists were left furious when Elena Ivanickaya from Chernihiv in northwest Ukraine, had the winged Egyptian inking put on the Sphynx's chest. (Picture: Instagram)
A bodybuilder is under investigation after she reportedly tattooed her pet cat – to make him look ‘glamorous'.
Animal activists were left furious when Elena Ivanickaya from Chernihiv in northwest Ukraine, had the winged Egyptian inking put on the Sphynx's chest.
Dog had to have its tail amputated 'after cruel groomer twisted it 360 degrees'
Images taken show Yasha the cat knocked out under anaesthetic.
A tattoo artist then works on inking the pet, with the design taking up a large space on the animal's upper body.
But after posting the photos on social media, Ivanickaya was hit by dozens of messages from followers who accused her of torturing the cat.
Images taken show Yasha the cat knocked out under anaesthetic. (Picture: Instagram)
After posting the photos on social media, Ivanickaya was hit by dozens of messages (Picture: Elena Ivanickaya)
One said: ‘Would be better to ink her forehead with a tattoo saying “Idiot” and break her finger for torturing a defenceless animal, poor kitty.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Another said: ‘You just can't torture those who are weaker then you, it is not a toy, it is a living being. She did not put a tattoo on her chest.'
Convicted pedophile sent to jail for staring at children playing in the snow
One added: ‘You really are ugly on the inside if you can't see that tattooing your pet is cruelty and inflicting pain. Hell is waiting for you.'
Ivanickaya later hit back at the comments, stating that the pet ‘has its own Instagram and eats oysters'.
According to MailOnline, she added that the cat ‘leads a better life' than those outraged by the clip, and that the cat ‘was not harmed' by the experience.
Ivanickaya later hit back at the comments, stating that the pet ‘has its own Instagram and eats oysters'. (Picture: Elena Ivanickaya )
She said: ‘This cat's life is better then yours. Maybe it is hell for you, but he feels just fine'. (Picture: Instagram)
‘He is very smart and enjoys his happy life. The tattoo was made on the upper layer of skin.' (Picture: Instagram)
She said: ‘This cat's life is better then yours. Maybe it is hell for you, but he feels just fine.
‘He has not been castrated and he never will be, this would be real cruelty. I checked with the vet before getting him a tattoo and they were fine with it and a vet was present while they were doing the tattoo, so everything was under control.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘He is very smart and enjoys his happy life. The tattoo was made on the upper layer of skin.'
Police spokesman Natalia Chovpylo said: ‘If we establish that the animal was tortured, we will open a criminal case.'
Unique and beautiful, it's easy to see why these Japanese dog breeds are a treasure.
Japan is known for its reverence for animals, and dogs are no exception. Thanks to stories of great loyalty and heroism, many of the native breeds in Japan have been designated as national treasures.
A few Japanese dog breeds, like the Akita and Shiba Inu, have grown popular across the world and can be found fairly easily through breeders in the United States. However, most are rare and only found in Japan. Exporting them is possible but very expensive and difficult. One breed, the Sakhalin Husky, a large sled dog also known as the Karafuto Ken, is nearly extinct. The true story of two Karafutos named Taro and Jiro, who survived alone in the Antarctic for a year, was depicted in the 2006 Disney film "Eight Below."
To give you a glimpse of Japanese breeds that are available, here are 9 popular breeds:
Image via Getty Images/castenoid
One of the most well known of the Japanese dog breeds is the Akita. Revered for their loyalty, Akitas, who originated from the country's north, are considered a national treasure in Japan. The first Akita to be introduced to the United States was a dog named Kamikaze-go, who was given to Helen Keller as a gift after she visited Japan in 1937.
Image via Getty Images/Katerina_Brusnika
Shiba Inus are a small breed that look similar to Akitas. Considered one of the oldest dog breeds in the world, they were originally raised to hunt. They are independent and strong-willed dogs that require a good amount of training. The unusual scream-like sound they make is called the Shiba scream.
Image via Getty Images/anahtiris
Named for the place it hails from, these dogs originated in the mountainous region of Shikoku island. They are medium-sized dogs with pricked ears and curved tails. Shikokus are smart and incredibly independent. This makes them hard to train. They are very rare, even in Japan.
The Kai Ken was originally a wild dog from the province of Kai on Honshu Island. The breed was not introduced to the United States until the 1990s. Less independent than some of the other Japanese dog breeds, the Kai makes a loyal companion. The Kai Ken has two distinct body styles -- one is husky with a bear-like face and the other is skinnier with fox-like features.
Image via Creative Commons/Wikimedia
A rare breed, Japanese terriers are descendants from smooth-haired fox terriers that were brought to Japan from the Netherlands in the 17th century. They were bred with native Japanese dogs, resulting in the small, short-haired lapdog known as the Japanese terrier. Like most terriers, they're playful and energetic.
Image via Getty Images/acceptfoto
The Tosa, nicknamed the Japanese mastiff, is the largest of the Japanese dog breeds. Originating from Tosa Bay on the island of Shikoku, this working dog is known for its athletic abilities. During World War II, these massive warriors nearly went extinct. Originally bred to fight, the Tosa is very protective and makes a great guard dog.
The origin of the Japanese spitz is unclear, although it is commonly thought that it is a descendant from the Siberian Samoyed. They are small dogs, with a long white coat, bred specifically as companions. The Japanese spitz is a family dog who loves human attention and is eager to please.
Image via Creative Commons/Wikimedia
Hokkaido is a rare Japanese dog breed. It is not recognized by the American Kennel Club and hardly ever seen outside of Japan. These dogs are said to be named for an ancient tribe that introduced the breed's ancestors to Japan. Hokkaido is a medium-sized dog known for being physically strong and intelligent.
Image via Creative Commons/Wikimedia
Named for the Kishu region where it was first bred, the Kishu is medium-sized and a quiet dog. Kishus have been around for thousands of years and were originally used for hunting. Headstrong but loyal, Kishus need good training and can be shy. In 1934, the Kishu was designated as a living "Memorial of Nature" in Japan.
Want to learn more about other dog breeds? Check out these Care.com articles:
Need suggestions for dog names? Check out these Care.com articles:
Sher Warkentin is dog owner to an energetic rescue dog named Charlie. As a freelance writer, she has had several years of experience covering pet care and health.
I-400
Country Japan Ship Class I-400-class Submarine Builder Kure Naval Arsenal Commissioned 30 Dec 1944 Sunk 4 Jun 1946 Displacement 5223 tons standard; 6560 tons submerged Length 400 feet Beam 39 feet Draft 23 feet Machinery Four diesel engines totalling 7,700hp, electric motors totalling 2,400hp Speed 18 knots Range 37,500nm at 14 knots Crew 157 Armament 8x533mm forward torpedo tubes, 20x533mm Type 95 torpedoes, 1x140mm gun, 3x25mm machine guns, 1x25mm machine gun Submerged Speed 6.5 knots Aircraft 3 M6A Seiran seaplanes
Contributor: C. Peter Chen
ww2dbaseSubmarine I-400 was the lead craft of her class of underwater aircraft carriers, capable of carrying up to three M6A Seiran seaplanes. Built at Kure, Japan, she (later joined by her sister submarines) became the largest submarine in the world, and would remain so until 1965. On 15 Dec 1944, Commander Toshio Kusaka was assigned as her commanding officer. On 30 Dec 1944, she was assigned to Submarine Division 1 of the Sixth Fleet. On 19 Mar 1945, she was strafed by American aircraft while in drydock at Kure, killing one anti-aircraft gunner. On 12 Apr, she departed Kure for Dairen, China, but was lightly damaged by a naval mine and had to return to Kure for repairs; she made the trip again on 14 Apr and made it to her destination successfully. She returned to Kure on 27 Apr. In May 1945, she was fitted with a breathing tube to allow her diesel engines to operate while she was submerged. In early Jun 1945, she conducted an exercise in Nanao Bay, launching six M6A Seiran aircraft operated by the 631st Naval Air Group.
ww2dbaseI-400 was originally designed to attack faraway targets such as American coastal cities or the Panama Canal, but by early Jun 1945 such a mission would mean little, thus a target much closer to Japan was chosen. On 20 Jul 1945, she was dispatched from Maizuru harbor during Operation Arashi in a force of two I-400-class submarines (I-400 and I-401, each carrying three aircraft) and two modified AM-class submarines (each carrying two aircraft) to attack the American anchorage at Ulithi in the Caroline Islands. On 22 Jul, she arrived at Ominato, Honshu, Japan, where all crew were granted one day's leave while all submarines in the group were painted with fake American markings. On the next day, she departed at 1400, taking a slightly different route toward Ulithi than the other submarines to avoid detection. Since the Japanese surrender was announced before the force reached their target, the mission was aborted on 18 Aug. All three I-400-class submarines fired their torpedoes and launched their aircraft into the water on 22 Aug 1945 before surrendering to the American destroyers USS Blue and USS Mansfield 500 miles northeast of Tokyo, Japan at 1200 on 27 Aug. At 0500 on 31 Aug, the American flag was raised above I-400 for the first time. The crew of I-400 later noted that in the subsequent weeks, American officers and sailors looted much from the captured Japanese submarine, ranging from novelties like the officers' swords, to valuable instruments like the submarine's compass, even to the ordinary sailors' razors.
ww2dbaseThe Americans never learned of the existence of the I-400-class submarines until their crews surrendered. I-400 and I-401 were studied by the United States Navy at Sasebo, Japan between 1 Nov and 11 Dec 1945 and then at the US Territory of Hawaii between 18 Feb and May 1946. As the Soviet Union demanded for a chance to study I-400, the Americans chose to scuttle I-400 rather than providing valuable information to the Soviets. She was sunk as a target ship off Kalaeloa near Oahu, Hawaii on 4 Jun 1946 by three torpedoes launched by submarine USS Trumpetfish.
ww2dbaseSources:
John Geoghegan, Operation Storm
Combinedfleet.com
Wikipedia
Last Major Revision: Aug 2008
I-400 Operational Timeline
Photographs
Visitor Submitted Comments
Show older comments
All visitor submitted comments are opinions of those making the submissions and do not reflect views of WW2DB.
There's a bold new tattoo of a rose and swan on Aaron Evan's left forearm that he has been sporting during UCF football spring practices.
It symbolizes new beginnings, which coincidentally Evans and the Knights' offensive line are working toward achieving in time for the 2017 college football season.
“… UCFast is starting to translate now,” Evans said. “Last year, we said it a lot, but it wasn't really shown. Now, we're seeing it. We're moving quickly. … Each play is setting up another play and it's working out beautifully.”
On Monday, the Knights scrimmaged for about an hour and a half for the first time this spring with officials. UCF coach Scott Frost said it was a shorter scrimmage time than last year's first round in large part because players picked up the concepts more quickly.
Wide receiver Tre'Quan Smith and safety Tre Neal pulled off some of the day's biggest highlights, recording at least one touchdown and an interception.
But the key area most coaches and players needed to see growth in this spring is along the offensive line. UCF saw its run production drop sharply during American Athletic Conference play last season, a stretch that highlighted the team's lack of depth and experience.
“We're moving quickly. … Each play is setting up another play and it's working out beautifully.” — UCF offensive lineman Aaron Evans
Overall, the Knights ranked No. 113 nationally in total offense — a slight improvement from last place in 2015.
And despite boasting an array of young, talented running backs, UCF finished No. 104 among 128 Football Bowl Subdivision teams in rushing offense.
“In general, we need our backs to have seams to run through, we need more protection and more time to get whoever is playing quarterback more comfortable in the pocket,” Frost said of what improvements he's looking to see from the offensive line headed into next season.
“…I think more than anything it's a mentality that needed to improve. Our guys needed to continue to play with a desire to excel with no fear of failure in coming off the ball and being aggressive. If we can get that mentality right, we'll be a lot better.”
One component that's expected to improve the line is the addition of 6-foot-2, 310 pound center Jordan Johnson. Last year, he played the entire season at right guard as senior Jason Rae held down the exchange and calls duty with freshman quarterback McKenzie Milton.
Johnson is about five inches taller than Rae and added more than 30 pounds of lean muscle mass to his frame.
“Last year, defense got the best of us,” Johnson said when asked to compare last fall's practices to this spring. “Everybody knew our defense was pulling us last year, but this year . . . we're pushing them around more often than not.”
Frost said the added height and size Johnson brings at center helps them in the trenches when facing odd front defenses that can sport 6-foot-4, 300-pound nose guards.
Overall, the entire offensive line has emphasized adding lean muscle mass during the offseason, with Evans said to have packed on the most pounds. He'll anchor the left tackle position for the third consecutive season.
Depth could still be an issue headed into the fall, however. Offensive linemen Tyler Hudanick and Aaron Dowdell are recovering from injuries. Hudanick tore his ACL during the game against Temple in October and Dowdell, who was expected to play this spring, is nursing a foot injury. No timetable has been set for his return.
But offensive line coach Greg Austin said players are making the best of a short offensive line roster until the freshman recruits arrive this summer.
“We're making do but it's allowing us to get other guys reps at other positions,” Austin said. “The value in that is they can fill in and plug holes at any time. We have position flexibility and lineup switches and lineup changes that allows us to get the best guys on the field at any given time.”
sgreen@orlandosentinel.com
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The labor campaign confronting Walmart in the United States is planning an international escalation for tomorrow. In partnership with the global union federation UNI, the union-affiliated group Making Change at Walmart is supporting a “Global Day of Action,” with participation expected from Walmart workers in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, India, Nicaragua, South Africa, the United Kingdom and Zambia. The day's main US protest will be a Miami demonstration featuring a street theater performance in the tradition of the United Farm Workers' teatro campesino. Ad Policy
“When other countries and other states come together and help Miami, it's louder,” said Hileah, Florida, Walmart worker Marie-Ann Roberty, a member of the union-backed group OUR Walmart. While “in the beginning, Walmart thought it was not a threat…,” said Roberty. “Now that it's growing, and people are coming together, Walmart has to listen, Walmart has to come and sit with us as a group and say, …What do you need us to do?”
Friday's planned actions make good on a promise made two months ago. As I reported for Salon, as Southern California workers launched the first-ever coordinated US Walmart retail strikes on October 4, UNI staff and Walmart workers from abroad were in town to kick off a new Walmart Global Union Alliance. Workers from the UNI delegation rallied with strikers and escorted them back into work after the strike, carrying their countries' flags into Walmart stores. They also pledged coordinated global actions in the months ahead.
Interviewed in Spanish during that visit, Argentinean union delegate Marta Miranda said, “It was an incredible experience, and a learning experience.” Miranda, who worked as a Walmart greeter for three years, said the visiting Walmart workers “shared stories” with their US counterparts. “We agree that it's important for workers to have the basic right to stand up and speak out for themselves,” she added. “Everyone should have that. If they're upset about their conditions, they should be able to voice that.”
Tomorrow's global protests will call for an end to alleged retaliation against US Walmart worker activists. They will also include a moment of silence for the 112 workers who died in a November 24 fire at a factory that produced Walmart apparel in Bangladesh.
The website of the Corporate Action Network, a group that helped coordinate Black Friday protests in support of striking Walmart workers, also offers instructions from Making Change at Walmart for hosting actions on Friday at US stores. It suggests tactics including leaflets, delegations to management, flash mobs and prayer vigils.
Walmart did not immediately respond to a request for comment this morning. In statements to The Nation, the company has dismissed recent strikes and protests as publicity stunts, denied retaliating against activists, and said that it promotes fire safety in Bangladesh.
While entirely union-free in North America, Walmart has acceded to union recognition in several countries. One of the most dramatic struggles took place in the United Kingdom in 2006; as historian Nelson Lichtenstein recounts in his book The Retail Revolution: How Walmart Made a Brave New World of Business, the union representing warehouse workers at the Walmart subsidiary ASDA won expanded rights to organize retail store workers by threatening a work stoppage that would have kept beer from reaching the homes of fans in time for the World Cup. Lichtenstein notes that some Walmart unions were inherited by Walmart when it bought existing retail chains, and that some are largely controlled by political parties and don't challenge management authority in the workplace.
In general, Lichtenstein told The Nation last week, “the lesson” from abroad “is that you need to bring the state in.” While Walmart has resisted unionization wherever possible, he said, the retail giant has been “willing to abide by the laws of a country if the laws are there and they're going to be enforced.” According to Lichtenstein, US labor laws have done little to restrain Walmart from union-busting.
Interviewed during the October UNI delegation, Head of UNI Commerce Alke Boessinger said that while the countries with unionized Walmarts generally have more pro-union legal systems than the United States, “that doesn't mean that it's actually easy for them to get organized at Walmart.” In Argentina, for example, said Boessinger, “they still had to go through years of struggle and fighting with the company to make sure that they comply with the local law.” “Walmart,” she said, “will always only do the minimum, according to what they absolutely have to and are forced to do.”
For more on Walmart's role in the fire that killed 112 Bangladeshi workers, check out Josh Eidelson's coverage here.
Zimbabwe's main opposition party has launched legal action against President Robert Mugabe and his Zanu-PF party's landslide victory in last week's vote.
Lawyers for outgoing Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of the defeated Movement for Democratic Change (MDC-T), filed an appeal with the Constitutional Court on Friday over the parliamentary and presidential election results.
The lawyers said they discovered that 870,000 names were duplicated on the voters' lists.
Douglas Mwonzora, an MDC-T spokesman, said that they would submit good evidence of vote-buying, rigging and other irregularities.
Outside the court, Lawyer Chris Mhike said that Tsvangirai wanted the elections declared null and void and for fresh elections to be held in 60 days.
The court's judges are considered loyalists of Mugabe, who has been in power since the country gained independence 33 years ago.
Voters 'turned away'
"We need to put the Zimbabwean courts before a trial," Mwonzora said just before the papers were filed.
"These are the same courts that ordered the elections to be held without reforms and we are bringing this to them, the consequences of their decision."
Electoral fraud allegations have mounted in the wake of the July 31 polls.
The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission said on Thursday that more than 750,000 urban voters were missing from the electoral list, in what they described as "a systematic effort to disenfranchise an estimated million voters".
"A total of 99.97 percent of rural voters were registered while only 67.94 percent of urban voters were registered," said Solomon Zwana, the network's chairman.
Zimbabwe's state election commission has acknowledged some mistakes in last week's disputed elections, but said that they were not enough to sway the win for Mugabe.
President Jacob Zuma of South Africa, the chief mediator on Zimbabwe, congratulated Mugabe.
'Widespread manipulation'
Britain, the United States and other Western countries have criticised the vote.
Mwonzora said according to the South African Development Community guidelines, elections must be peaceful, free and fair.
"But the SADC observers simply said they were peaceful and free, they didn't put the fair," Mwonzora said.
"So we are saying we cannot have a different standard for Zimbabweans."
On 14 December 2016, the sun's yellowish beams pierced the haystacks in the vast ploughed paddy fields in south Kashmir's Bijbehara area. I crisscrossed through them before reaching the bank of river Jehlum that cuts through the heart of south. The river was the only route, as the armed forces had blocked all the roads leading to the nondescript village of Marhoum. A young man helped us cross the river in a large boat, used for sand digging. A friend and I managed to give the forces the slip by reaching the home of Basit Rasool Dar.
Dar, 22, a student of civil engineering, was shot dead that morning by government forces during a brief gunfight a few miles away from his village.
He was among the band of young men who picked up guns in 2016's summer uprising after popular rebel commander Burhan Muzaffar Wani was killed on 8 July. After Wani's killing, in the months-long civilian uprising, at least 100 people were killed, 14,000 injured (many blinded due to lead pellets), and thousands put in jail.
The day Wani was killed, Dar had posted on Facebook: “No, I can't believe it.” Later that same day, along with his friends, he jumped into the back of a truck to reach the village of Tral — Wani's hometown. On their way, they raised pro-freedom, anti-India slogans and hailed Wani. It was around evening when the group reached Wani's village.
Dar and his friends stayed the night in a mosque just a few metres from Wani's home. By early morning, every nook and cranny of the village was filled with mourners paying their last respect to the fallen hero and trying to catch a last glimpse of Wani. At dawn, I reached Wani's home and saw mourners in huge queues passing by his dead body. Dar must have been around. We may even have seen each other.
**
Dar was one among the thousands of people who gathered on a large ground to offer funeral prayers for Wani. In the coming months, Dar would attend protest demonstrations and rallies in Bijbehara till the end of October, when he left his home and picked up a gun. He had been an active militant for two months when the government forces killed him.
Guiding me through the paddy fields to Dar's house, Tariq Ahmad, a young man from the village, tells me, “He was hit by two bullets. The first bullet hit his head and splattered his brains. We buried parts of it in our village and brought the body here.”
Just as Dar had made his way to Wani's funeral, young men now gathered in Marhoum to pay their respects to Dar. I met his friends from school, and neighbours who had accompanied him to Wani's funeral in July. They narrate how they travelled to Tral, and what impact Wani's killing had on Dar.
One of them told me (without disclosing his name), “Dar was always pro-militant but we never thought he would ever join them. He used to argue with people who were anti-militancy. The day he went missing, he left his SIM card at home but took his phone along. Nobody knew exactly what happened or what inspired him, although it was obvious that after Burhan Wani's killing, he had decided to follow this path.”
One of his friends met Dar after evening prayers, the day before he left home. The friend says, “I met him coming out of the mosque. He said, 'What are we doing here? What will I do with everything I get in this life?' From the way he was talking, I could sense that he had perhaps made up his mind (to join the militants).”
(Video courtesy Fahad Shah)
**
In South Kashmir, if a young boy is missing these days, it could be that he has picked up a gun. While Dar was an engineering student with a bright future ahead of him, some are following Wani's path much earlier — even knowing what lies ahead.
Wani's killing has had a serious impact on the psychology of the youth, mostly teenagers. During a speech in Mumbai in November, the former chief of the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) AS Dulat said what has happened in the Kashmir Valley over the four months after Burhan Wani's death was much worse than the beginning of militancy in 1989. “Though things are back to normal, the fact remains that around 1,500 youths are still behind bars for stone pelting,” he said. “Burhan Wani too was stone pelter once upon a time, who turned into a militant. We need to ponder over this and think about the youths who are now behind bars."
The reason why Wani joined militancy was because he had faced — firsthand — abuse by the government forces and vowed revenge. Much like what the youth impacted by his killing are doing now. In remote Zarkan village of Shopian district, 60 km away from Srinagar, with hills and forests surrounding it, 16-year-old Waseem Ahmad Khanday was told to visit his aunt in the nearby village of Tukroo. For three days he helped his aunt to pick apples from the orchard.
At his one-storey, large, concrete home, his father, Mohammad Ayub Khanday, 50, tells me that Waseem was not interested in militancy. “On 28 September, he had gone to his aunt's place and that is where he snatched a gun from a local former lawmaker's security guard. The guards had opened fire at him but he managed to escape. We had never imagined it, as militants have had no contact with this village. We had to force him to go to his aunt's place for work and I gave him Rs 20 when he left,” Khanday said.
According to police records, around 45 youths have joined militant outfits post-Wani's death, taking the number of total local militants to 122. Snatching guns from government forces has been the first step towards joining any militant outfit — a trend that was popularised by Wani and Majid Zargar (another popular commander of Lashkar-e-Toiba from Kulgam, who was also killed in December).
In the four months of the uprising, around 70 weapons have been snatched from government forces in a dozen such incidents. The technique has been followed by the new Hizbul Mujahideen commander Zakir Bhat as well, who in one of his video messages said: “Anyone who wants to join us, he should snatch a weapon... We welcome them all wholeheartedly.” Bhat is also an engineer and was a close aide of Wani.
“After Waseem left with the gun, we were arrested and detained for three weeks,” says Khanday. “The police officials told us to bring him back but we didn't even search for him.” His mother adds, “Perhaps if we had tried, he may have returned.”
Five weeks later, the government forces exchanged gunfire with militants in forest area of Dobjan on 5 November 2016. Waseem was killed in the gunfight, which lasted for a few hours. “We were given his body at the Police Lines Shopian at 6 pm. The whole night we were at the mosque and at around 4 am, we offered his funeral prayers,” says Khanday.
Khanday doesn't blame anyone or anything for what his son chose for himself. He says, “This is the situation in the whole of Kashmir, so what can we blame him for? He was in no need of money or anything. It doesn't seem like anything is happening but the impact will always remain. We have oppression here, so he was forced to pick up a gun.”
As a child, Waseem suffered from epilepsy and would often be taken to doctors in Srinagar. Sitting in their kitchen, his father kisses a photograph of Waseem and breaks into tears as he recalls the day when it was clicked: it was on one of their trips to the doctor, and they had taken the boy to Mughal gardens in Srinagar later. That's where the photo was shot.
Waseem's last call to his father was to remind him to feed the pigeons in the attic, his pets. The pigeons are still in the attic but Waseem lies buried in the village graveyard. Much like Burhan, Basit and Waseem, many of Kashmir's youth see militancy as the only solution to their problems, in the absence of any political settlement to the larger Kashmir issue of which everything else is an outcome.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Welcome to the 9th CX's Weiss Schwarz deck techs! For this article, we will be looking at a budget deck from Angel Beats! Re:Edit, Music!
This deck tech is just one in a series of looks at how to build a potentially viable (though not necessarily competitive) deck with this set without breaking the bank. Most analysis that would be done for other decks will be skipped for this article. But enough of that, the song is going! Let's get to the list!
My Soul Your Beats ft. Yui
Cards – 50
Level 0 – 15
4 Yui's Sex Appeal? (AB/W31-E004)
4 Sekine Loves Pranks (AB/W31-E107)
1 Always Together, Sekine & Irie (AB/W31-E032)
2 Powerful Performance, Irie (AB/W31-E108)
4 Yui & Hinata (AB/W31-E017)
Level 1 – 14
4 A Good Understanding, Iwasawa & Hisako (AB/W31-E007)
4 Always Energetic, Yui (AB/W31-E022)
4 Song I Wanted to Sing (AB/W31-E048)
2 Baseball Girls, Yui (AB/W31-E041)
Level 2 – 6
2 Cool Beauty, Iwasawa (AB/W31-E009)
1 Sub-leader, Hisako (AB/W31-E109)
3 “Crow Song” Iwasawa (AB/W31-E110)
Level 3 – 7
4 Realizing a Dream, Yui (AB/W31-E011)
3 Passionate Girls, Yui (AB/W31-E014)
CX – 8
4 Memories of GirlDeMo (AB/W31-E050)
4 A Girl's Ultimate Happiness (AB/W31-E054)
At level 0 we have 15 characters.
When Yui's Sex Appeal? attacks, reveal the top card of your deck. If the revealed card is a CX, this card gets – 3000 power until end of turn.
When Sekine Loves Pranks is reversed, you may pay 1 stock, discard a card and send it to memory. If you do, tutor (search for) 1 [Music] character.
Always Together, Sekine & Irie has a 1 stock Bond to “Cool Beauty, Iwasawa”.
Powerful Performance, Irie has a Brainstorm effect: Pay 1 stock, and for each CX revealed, you may tutor 1 [Music] character and discard a card.
Yui & Hinata gains +1000 power on your turn. When it becomes reversed, reveal the top card of your deck. If it is a [Music] character, you may put this into memory.
At level 1 we have 10 characters and 4 events.
A Good Understanding, Iwasawa & Hisako gains +1500 power if you have at least one card in memory.
Always Energetic, Yui gains +500 power for every other [Music] character you have.
Song I Wanted to Sing is a +3500 power events with Counter Step timing. (It can be played during your Counter Step.)
Baseball Girl, Yui gives all your [Music] characters +500 power during your turn. It also gives level 2 or higher characters you control in front of it +1000 power.
At level 2 we have 6 characters.
Cool Beauty, Iwasawa has a CX combo with “Memories of GirlDeMo”: When you play the CX, you may put this in your memory. If you do choose a “Realizing a Dream, Yui” in your hand and put it in slot this was in.
Sub-leader, Hisako is a level x500 assist to cards in front of it. You may rest it to give a [Music] character +500 power until end of turn.
“Crow Song” Iwasawa gains +500 power for every other [Music] character you have and cannot be targeted by your opponent's effects.
Realizing a Dream, Yui gains +1000 power if you have 2 or more [Music] characters in your memory. It also has an on play Heal effect. It also has a CX combo with “Memories of GirlDeMo”: When this attacks, all your [Death] characters gain +3500 power until end of turn.
Passionate Girl, Yui cannot be targeted by your opponent's effects. When this card is played, choose up to 2 of your other characters and they gain +1000 power and +1 soul until end of turn. When it attacks, you may pay 1 stock and discard a card. If you do, Bounce 1 of your opponent's characters and this gains +1000 power until end of turn.
The CX spread is 4 2k1 and 4 1k1 + Bounce.
How do we use this deck?
This deck has a fairly compressed level 0, with specific effects. The aim should be to reverse other characters as much as possible, without rushing the opponent to level 1. The deck has a very good repeatable Brainstorm ability that can help smooth out a CX-heavy draw, and also keep characters going into level 1.
Before the first refresh, try to send as many cards to memory as possible. The fewer non-CX cards that get refreshed, the lower the amount of potential damage dealt to you, the user, is!
During level 1, A Good Understanding, Iwasawa & Hisako and Always Energetic, Yui can put up a good fight against a lot of characters, especially when backed by a +3500 power “Backup” in Song I Wanted to Sing. Fortunately, most of the characters on the center stage will not cost any stock. The plan is even more straightforward than the level 0: attack, and attack more!
Cool Beauty, Iwasawa has a CX combo that allows you to “Change” into Realizing a Dream, Yui, which is also this deck's primary Heal effect. “Crow Song” Iwasawa is in the deck to not only be a moderately large threat, but also one that cannot be answered by effects such as Bounce.
Passionate Girl, Yui has the ability to give your characters more soul for a turn, and the added benefit of being unable to be targeted by your opponent.
What does this deck not do well? Is it missing something? How do we beat it?
The deck is a “budget” list, so naturally it will have access to fewer very powerful effects than its “non-budget” counterparts.
“Little Braver” Yui is one of the first “easy upgrades” to the deck. However, it was omitted from the list due to its restrictive cost.
The deck is not favored to win against decks that are thought of to be the dominant “meta” decks, such as SAO. (This is even more true if the deck's range is expanded to include the Japanese metagame, where decks such as Da Capo could probably sneeze and win)
Because the deck does not have many ways to answer powerful characters until much later in the game, any deck that is able to provide a large character at level 1 (e.g. SAO, Lucky Star, Rewrite) will be able to bowl over the deck easily. But, being a budget deck, competition is not necessarily at the front of this deck's mind.
What can we learn while using this deck then?
Things to focus on while using this deck include:
Conserve resources at level 1, and focus on building stock at that time. Many decks in the game will do just that, and start really winning the game at level 1. Some do it at level 2, but most do it at level 1.
Abilities notwithstanding, power wins battle steps. Remember to use counters especially when you know that the following turn you'll be able to reverse a(nother) character your opponent controls.
If you need to, push for 3/3/3 attacks at level 3! Even if 2/2/2 is the most stable, if your opponent is at 3/4, an attack for 2 won't end the game, but an attack for 3 will!
If you have questions or comments, please send us a message via Facebook or an email at theninthcx AT gmail DOT com. Be sure to sign up for our monthly giveaway where we are giving away a box every month! Thanks for reading, and good luck!
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Today, during Google's I/O developer conference, the company announced a group of tools for app developers, including a new developer suite called Android Studio. It's an IDE based on IntelliJ.
This was a popular announcement, as the crowd “ooh'd” and “ahh'd” as screenshots were shown on stage.
This tool has more options for Android Development, making the process faster and more productive. A “live layout” was shown that renders your app as you're editing in realtime.
Additionally, you can switch over to different layouts and screen sizes, such as 3.7 inch phone and 10-inch tablet. The team noted that this might be useful for internationalization, allowing you to quickly see what things look like without having to package up your app and install it on a device.
The company says that it has “big plans” for Android Studio.
Developer Console Updates and Beta/Staged Rollouts
After the Studio announcement, new features to help developers get their apps in the hands of beta testers were announced. This is something that hasn't been easy before, but the console now lets you manage both beta users and a staged rollout process.
Ellie Powers, Product Manager at Google, shared these new features, including ways to make money. The console will now have optimization tips, such as assistance for translation. The app translation service allows you to get professional translations directly in developer consoles; just select russian – it will show a list of different translation vendors, then Google will play middle man. Your results will be delivered within the console.
You can invest in a campaign to promote your app with new referral tracking. It will tell you where installs are coming from, let you track effectiveness of each referral channel and then what happens in the app from the first time it's opened on a device by a user. Those usage metrics will also be show in the console.
Colour Reference
Brief
This custom bobblehead is one of the latest and most creative personalized gifts crafted by Topbobble artists. You can build your own bobblehead for your beloved, buddies, and family or colleagues. For any occasions or special days, different themes are available. We offer these themes bobbleheads for weddings (cake topper), anniversaries, birthdays, graduations, retirements, Christmas or other important life events. All you need to do is simply upload your photos and write your comments or instructions to your bobblehead. Our artists will craft all the details and let you be the judge of the approval. During the production, you are allowed to require our artists to modify any thing on the custom bobblehead till you are satisfied with the outcome.
Size
Size of this bobblehead is 6.5-7.5 inche s ( 16-18cm). Size will slightly vary from one to the other as all the custom bobbleheads are 100% handmade.
Material
Material of this custom bobblehead is Polymer Clay. The color is the clay itself, so Top-bobbles are actually more durable, brighter, true 3D likeness, and higher quality than those made from poly resin clay which is the material used by other providers.
Sculpture Procedure The whole sculpture procedure could be divided into three stages-head sculpture, body sculpture and final revision. At each stage, we send you proof for approval. 1.Sculpted Head we will hand sculpt the head to resemble the primary photo you attached to the order. At this time, you will be able to make any changes to the facial propertities, nose, mouth, skin texture, etc. Changes are done if necessary at no charge to you. Once you approve the item we continue to the next phase. Once approved, The head will be baked and no further changes to the face can be made. 2.Body Proof (if applies) we will hand sculpt the body to resemble the order notes and or photo you attached to the order. At this time, you will be able to make any changes to the position, etc. Changes are done if necessary at no charge to you. Once you approve the item we continue to the next phase. Once approved, The body will be baked and no further changes to the body can be made. 3.Complete proof during this stage, we will show you the finished product, during this phase and with all your previous feedback, most customers are happy and approve their doll to have it shipped. At this stage, only the logos can be changed as your doll is completely baked and can not be changed. We have to re-sculpt the head/body if you want to make any other changes at this stage, and we will charge $20 USD to re-sculpt a head/body.
Package and shipment
We proudly offer our customers with hard box for FREE. In this way, you don't have to repack your custom bobblehead before sending it away. If you need us to write a card or a message in the box, we are glad to do this for you. Just feel free to put your instruction during the checkout or send us email. Topbobble customer service representatives are always at your disposal. Once your bobblehead is done, it would be shipped to you by FedEx which is able to go to every corner of the world in 1-4days. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.
by
Next week, March 7, will mark the 52nd anniversary of Bloody Sunday, the historic march and shocking police riot in Selma, Alabama, that helped build public support for passage of the Voting Rights Act. Now, a half-century later, an avowed critic of that law — former Alabama Sen. Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, who was born in Selma — has been confirmed as attorney general of the United States. In one of his first acts in office — reversing Obama's order to phase out the federal government's use of private prisons — he has begun to weaken civil rights protections.
The decision on private prisons reflects Trump's desire to repeal all things Obama. It expresses the ideological bias of reactionaries like Sessions toward privatizing public functions. It also reveals the pervasive corruption already apparent in the Trump administration. The two largest for-profit prison companies in the United States — GEO Group and CoreCivic (formerly Corrections Corporation of America) — and their associates have, according to Reason Magazine, contributed “more than $10 million to candidates since 1989 and have spent nearly $25 million on lobbying efforts.”
When Trump stoked public fears of violent crime in our cities, called our prison system a “disaster,” and endorsed “privatizations and private prisons,” the industry ponied up hundreds of thousands of dollars to support his candidacy. Since Trump won the election, share prices of GEO Group and CoreCivic have soared more than 100 percent. In our corrupted politics, Sessions' act helps consolidate their return on investment.
Reviving private prisons, however, represents far more than mere anti-Obama venom, ideological preference or even political corruption. It tramples basic civil and human rights. And African Americans and Latinos, who disproportionately populate our prisons, will suffer the most.
Incarcerating people in for-profit prisons is morally indefensible. Locking people up and turning them over to companies whose primary concerns are profits and return to investors is a recipe for abuse. And the record of private prisons demonstrates repeatedly that abuse is pervasive.In Sessions' home state of Alabama, for example, whites constitute two-thirds of the total population but only 42 percent of the prison population. African Americans represent only one-fourth of the total population, but over half (54 percent) of the incarcerated.
This is the cause of repeated upheaval and scandal. Private prisons suffer more violence. Underpaid guards too often punish prisoners without accountability. Private prisons, Obama's Justice Department found, aren't as safe for prisoners or for guards as public prisons. They lack the services that might revive hope rather than crush it, such as educational programs and job training. Despite their companies' claims, private prisons don't save government much money either.
Worse, the thirst for profit overrides the needs of the incarcerated. Private prisons are notorious for skimping on food, facilities and health care. They gouge prisoners even for using the telephone to stay in contact with loved ones. Worse, the private companies generally demand that the government guarantee that their cells will be full, even if actual crime rates are falling or if harsh sentencing is rolled back. Nearly two-thirds of private prison contracts mandate that state and local governments sustain an occupancy rate — usually 90 percent — or taxpayers pay for the empty beds. At the federal level, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) budget is mandated by the Congress to maintain detention beds for at least 34,000 immigrants daily.
Sessions' order impacts some 14,000 federal prisoners, a number that has been trending down in recent years. Most of the 2 million prisoners in America are sentenced and held at the state and local level. To them, Sessions is sending a strong signal. The federal government will be ramping up detentions, particularly of immigrants. It signals to states and localities — many of which have been souring on private prisons —that the federal government is all in for privatization.
Trump has promised a new day for what he calls America's “inner cities.” But what we've seen so far is a return to the failed policies of the past — law and order rhetoric combined with calls for tougher police tactics, harsher sentences, and now a corrupt and indefensible embrace of privatized prisons. With Sessions in the DOJ, Trump's divisive racial rhetoric is about to turn into policy.
Tankers,
Something mysterious is happening across the Wargaming Universe. It's that eerie time of season when mischief is afoot, and there have been reports of some spooky doings -- maybe you should check it out.
During the next week, log in to World of Tanks and see if you can tackle the mission of the day. Successfully complete some of these missions and you can earn yourself a handsome reward. Complete them all, and you'll be the proud new owner of a T14, an American tier V heavy tank!
There's a new mission every single day beginning October 27 until November 3, and the only way to reveal them is to play! Plus, be sure to visit our forums, Facebook, and Twitter for special mystery mayhem contests going on. What are you waiting for, tankers? Get out there and crack the case of Mystery Mayhem!
Start Time: Monday, October 27, 04:00 PDT (07:00 EDT)
End Time: Monday, November 3, 04:00 PDT (07:00 EDT)
Mission / Objective Mystery Mayhem Collection I Complete the following missions: Mystery Mayhem Day I
Mystery Mayhem Day II
Mystery Mayhem Day III Reward: Tool Box Once per account Mystery Mayhem Collection II Complete the following missions: Mystery Mayhem Day I
Mystery Mayhem Day II
Mystery Mayhem Day III
Mystery Mayhem Day IV
Mystery Mayhem Day V Reward: 3 Days of Premium Once per account
You can help decide award for best player in Premier League for August
The month of August has already thrown up a lot of exciting action in the 2016/17 Premier League, with the champions beaten on opening day and many players showing their star qualities.
Now it is time for you to choose who has been the Premier League's EA SPORTS Player of the Month for August.
A shortlist of four players who have stood out has been drawn up based on their performances and your vote on who was the best can help to determine who will be the winner of the award.
The Hull City captain has been a rock in the heart of the Tigers defence as the promoted club returned to the Premier League to beat Leicester City, the champions, on opening day, win away to Swansea City and hold out against the might of Manchester United until stoppage time.
No player has made more than Curtis's 21 interceptions this season and he boasts 100% tackle success in the three matches.
The Belgian winger has been a key part of the perfect start enjoyed by the Blues this season. With two goals, including a wonderful dribble and finish against Burnley in Matchweek 3, Hazard has been a constant threat for Chelsea's opponents this season. No player has made more successful passes in the final third of the pitch than the Belgian.
Revitalised by the arrival of Pep Guardiola to Manchester City, Sterling has been a key component among the Citizens' varied attacking threats that have brought three wins out of three. With two goals, one assist and winning a penalty for a goal in the opening-day match with Sunderland, the winger has posed opposing defences constant problems this season.
Antonio Valencia is part of a Manchester United defence who have conceded just one goal from three matches, with two clean sheets as part of their three wins, but his danger to the opposing defences has stood out, too.
Only one player has provided more successful crosses this season than the Ecuadorean's five and no defender has received more passes in the final third than Valencia.
How to vote
Vote below for the player you believe was the best of August via the poll below (you will need to have a Twitter account to vote). The vote will close at 23.59 BST on 5 September.
Your vote will be included with those of the awards panel and the Premier League club captains to decide the winner. More information here.
Vote here
After years of selling products from U.S. retailer Trader Joe's in Canada, a B.C. businessman has ended his fight against the grocery giant.
Mike Hallatt, the owner of Pirate Joe's – a store that resells merchandise from Trader Joe's – is throwing in the towel in a long-running legal dispute. On Wednesday night at midnight, after five years in business, he closed his doors for good after coming to an agreement with Trader Joe's.
"I had to face the music," he said. "I got myself into this, so I had to get myself out of it."
Trader Joe's first sued Hallatt in 2013, citing copyright infringement and false advertising, alleging that Pirate Joe's was hurting its brand and profits in the U.S.
The shutdown of his store comes after he recently set up a crowdfunding campaign to raise money for his most recent legal battle against the retailer, set to start in the fall.
Hallatt denies claims his business model was suffering, only that he couldn't afford to keep fighting the court battle.
"If we were going to trial, it would be just prohibitively expensive for me," he said. "And as an individual, I just can't get there from here. We're agreeing to disagree on the merits of the case."
He maintains that his practice of selling merchandise from Trader Joe's was covered by the first sale doctrine, a legal concept in the U.S. where a person can resell a copyrighted product.
Long-time customers, who have become friends with Hallatt during his run as a storeowner, say they're disappointed to see their neighbourhood store shutter.
"Mike's the kind of guy, when I first met him, I'm thinking 'Who is this crazy guy trying to do this crazy venture?'" said one of his customers, Jacqueline Tupper. "And then the more you know him, the more you loved him, the more you supported him."
Hallatt wouldn't reveal what he had planned next, only telling people to watch the store space.
With a report from CTV Vancouver's Benjamin Miljure
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to turn to what happened in another country after a massacre like we've seen—actually, not as many people killed. As the U.S. struggles to make sense of yet another mass shooting, we'll end the show with a look at one country that fought to change the culture of gun violence and won. It was 20 years ago, almost exactly, April of 1996. A gunman opened fire on tourists in Port Arthur, Tasmania, killing 35 people and wounding 23 more. This is Australia. Just 12 days after the grisly attack and public outcry it launched, Australia's government responded by announcing a bipartisan deal to enact gun control measures. Totally amazing, a gun-loving country. The pact included agreements with state and local governments. Since the laws were passed—now 20 years ago—there's not been a mass shooting in Australia, and overall gun violence has decreased by 50 percent.
We're joined by Rebecca Peters, an international arms control advocate, part of the International Network on Small Arms, led the campaign to reform Australia's gun laws after the Port Arthur massacre.
Rebecca, welcome back to Democracy Now!
REBECCA PETERS: Thank you.
AMY GOODMAN: Explain what took place in April of 1996. We only have about five minutes to go.
REBECCA PETERS: Well, we had had a campaign for about 10 years at that time to reform the gun laws, which were weak in some states, and it was a patchwork across the country, as it is in the U.S. In April of '96, this tragedy occurred, where 35 people were killed. And at that moment, our prime minister said, “This is the time. After all this prevaricating, we're going to do something.”
AMY GOODMAN: Now, just to explain the context—
REBECCA PETERS: Yeah.
AMY GOODMAN: —I mean, would you describe Australia's culture as a gun-loving culture of hunters?
REBECCA PETERS: Sure, yeah. Australia is a very—you know, the self-image of Australia is often sort of an outdoor guy on a horse with a gun type of thing, not too dissimilar from the traditional image of Americans.
AMY GOODMAN: Not too distant.
REBECCA PETERS: And hunting is very popular, and—but there were—there just were too many guns, and guns of a type which were assault weapons, which were not really suitable, not necessary for hunting. And it was known that that was the case, but it had taken—governments had continually fobbed it off, said, “Now's not the time. Wait 'til a better moment.” And so, at that moment, the prime minister stepped up and said, “This is it,” and he called together all the states and territories, and put to them a plan which had been endorsed by the public health community, which had been endorsed by many hundreds of groups across the country who had been campaigning for a long time.
And that was the—one of the most important aspects of that law, of that set of laws, was a ban on assault weapons, on semiautomatic weapons, which are weapons designed to kill lots of people. And not surprisingly, as we've seen in Orlando, a weapon designed to kill lots of people kills lots of people. And so, the laws say those weapons cannot be owned by civilians.
And one of the other most important aspects of the laws, which is very applicable here, is that the background check system in the new laws is very comprehensive. You know, in America, the background check consists of, usually, looking at a computer to see if someone has a criminal conviction. That's not a background check. I mean, you know, in New York City, if you want to apply to rent an apartment, if you want to apply to go to university, there's a background check. People talk—the authorities talk to people who know you. They ask their opinion of you. And similarly, in Australia and most other developed countries, a background check consists of asking for references—your family doctor, talking to your spouse or your previous spouse, asking, “Is there any concern?”
AMY GOODMAN: I mean, this is key, given what his ex-wife, Mateen's ex-wife, said, that he beat her, that he was violent, that he had an obsession with guns, wanted to be a cop, always wore that NYPD T-shirt, and ended up as a security guard.
REBECCA PETERS: Exactly. And relying on a computer list, which is subject to so many problems, whether local jurisdictions have put in information, whether there are even word processing errors—I mean, you have to use your brains.
AMY GOODMAN: What was the response of the equivalent of the NRA in Australia?
REBECCA PETERS: The gun lobby was very unhappy in Australia at the time and had lots of protests, and in fact very irresponsibly urged people not to comply with the new laws, which also—
AMY GOODMAN: They were passed within two weeks?
REBECCA PETERS: Well, the agreement—the agreement was made within two weeks, and then the laws had to be passed in each state, because the laws are state laws. Within one year, all the states had modified their laws. And we've seen gun violence decrease by 50 percent in that time.
AMY GOODMAN: State Senator Geraldine Thompson, do you think there's a possibility of something like this happening in the United States?
SEN. GERALDINE THOMPSON: I am pushing for it, and I am going to continue to ask Governor Scott and other elected leaders to begin the process here in Florida. We need to close these loopholes. We need to make sure that you can't buy a gun at a gun show without having a background check, and that you can't buy a gun from a personal individual without having a background check. And so, it has to begin at the state level, because, unfortunately, at the federal level, the NRA and the gun lobby have a lock there. And we saw in Florida, in the last legislative session, two bills, one that would have allowed guns on campus. Even though every state university president, every college president was opposed to it, the NRA supported it, and so we had to work feverishly to defeat that. We also had a bill that—
AMY GOODMAN: Five seconds.
SEN. GERALDINE THOMPSON: —proposed open carry, where anyone could, in public view, walk around with a gun, and therefore you don't know who is the person with ill intent and the person with good intent. And we were able to defeat that, as well.
AMY GOODMAN: We just have five seconds, and I wanted to go back to Rebecca Peters. In that five seconds, what you think is the most important way that you got this kind of legislation passed?
REBECCA PETERS: Definitely bipartisan agreement was the key, because—
AMY GOODMAN: And when you don't have that?
REBECCA PETERS: And when you don't, well, taking on board the opinions of the experts, the public health community, the crime prevention community.
AMY GOODMAN: We have to leave it there. I want to thank you both for being with us.
Andrew Breitbart would have been proud: on Thursday, his website became Hillary Clinton's number one target.
In his book, Righteous Indignation: Excuse Me While I Save the World!, Andrew recalled how he warned the Tea Party what lay ahead for them: “I said that they'd be labeled racists and hate mongers and violent criminals, that they'd be depicted as the dregs of society, people to be excluded from dinner parties because of their made-up closet KKK status. They were about to be targeted.”
Andrew added: “They need to marginalize and demonize those that would stand up to their hardball, toxic, and antidemocratic tactics … But it won't work. Given a fair hearing, given just the slightest exposure — and the American people will rise to the occasion. They see these tactics for what they are.”
Conservatives will never be “given” a fair hearing. But I made sure I was personally on hand in Reno to hear Hillary Clinton's lies, wearing my Breitbart shirt.
Here are the 20 worst lies in her speech, in chronological order.
1. [Trump's rhetoric] is like nothing we've heard before from a nominee for President of the United States. On the contrary, Barack Obama has specialized in divisive rhetoric, both as a candidate (“bitter clingers,” “typical white person“) and as president. And, of course, Hillary Clinton often uses racist language. In 2008, she pandered to “hard-working … white Americans”; in 2016, she borrows from Black Lives Matter, talking about “white privilege” and “systemic racism.”
2. He's taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over one of America's two major political parties. Donald Trump has nothing to do with hate groups, but a “radical fringe” has been in charge of the Democratic Party for a decade — and she was its first victim, in the 2008 primaries. Since then, the party's leaders have embraced the Occupy Wall Street protests and the Black Lives Matter movement — which she still supports despite its incitement against police.
3. In just the past week, under the guise of “outreach” to African Americans, Trump has stood up in front of largely white audiences and described black communities in insulting and ignorant terms: “Poverty. Rejection. Horrible education. No housing. No homes. No ownership. Crime at levels nobody has seen… Right now, you walk down the street, you get shot.” Ironically, Clinton said that in front of a “largely white” audience in Reno. But consider what she is saying: if you speak honestly about problems in the black community, you are racist. That is how political correctness has imprisoned blacks for 50 years, ever since (Democrat) Pat Moynihan tried to talk about the crisis in the black family.
4. A man with a long history of racial discrimination. Trump has no history whatsoever of racial discrimination. At the Democratic National Convention last month, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley fled from the camera rather than cite one single example of anything Trump had said about black people, much less done. Clinton cited a handful of lawsuits by the Department of Justice — a department which recently tried suing Louisiana school districts for helping black students.
5. And let's not forget Trump first gained political prominence leading the charge for the so-called “Birthers.” The “Birther” movement started among Hillary Clinton's own supporters in 2008, encouraged by a candidate with a deliberate strategy of painting her opponent as not fully American. Her campaign also encouraged suspicions that Obama is a secret Muslim. If Trump is a racist for asking for Obama's birth certificate, then Hillary Clinton is an even bigger racist than he.
6. In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for President with another racist lie. He described Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals. Trump's statement was over-broad, but he was not describing “immigrants.” He was describing illegal aliens. He did specifically add: “And some, I assume, are good people.” What the Clinton campaign does not want to acknowledge, in its push for open borders and total amnesty, is that some illegal aliens from Mexico do rape and murder.
7. This is someone who retweets white supremacists online. Trump is constantly on Twitter, and retweets many people. If he were interested in retweeting white supremacists, we would see many examples — not one or two inadvertent retweets among thousands. If you want to find extremism on Twitter, visit Hillary Clinton's own Twitter feed, tweeting and retweeting Black Lives Matter. The day after police officers were murdered in Dallas, she was tweeting about white racism. Appalling.
8. His campaign famously posted an anti-Semitic image – a Star of David imposed over a sea of dollar bills – that first appeared on a white supremacist website. The Trump campaign didn't realize the image was antisemitic, and did not know its origins. It changed the image after complaints. But look at the overt antisemitism in the Clinton campaign: a plan discussed by party officials to use Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' religion against him, for example, which Clinton never condemned.
9. When asked in a nationally televised interview whether he would disavow the support of David Duke, a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan, Trump wouldn't do it. Only later, again under mounting pressure, did he backtrack. What Clinton leaves out, of course, is that Trump had already denounced Duke and the KKK several times — including the day before that CNN interview. She falsely paints his repeated denunciation, in the days after the interview, as backtracking.
10. Trump said thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks. They didn't. “Thousands” did not, but a handful did. Breitbart News did much of the legwork uncovering the truth behind what actually happened in New Jersey, and it was clear that a minority of American Muslims celebrated the attack. Clinton can barely bring herself even to acknowledge radical Islamic terror, so it is no surprise she would persist in her denial. But she has to lie in order to do so.
11. Just recently, Trump claimed President Obama founded ISIS. And then he repeated that nonsense over and over. This complaint might be taken seriously were it not a response to Clinton's lie that Trump is the “recruiting sergeant” for ISIS. Trump's claim that Obama (and Clinton) “founded” ISIS, by allowing a vacuum in Iraq, is an exaggeration of what happened, but Clinton's claim that Americans are to blame for terror by criticizing Islam actually does the terrorists' work for them.
12. It's another reason why Donald Trump is simply temperamentally unfit to be President of the United States. This is a lie for the simple reason that it is what Democrats say about nearly every Republican presidential nominee, regardless. In 2008, Obama constantly claimed that Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) lacked the temperament to be President of the United States.
13. And he'd ban Muslims around the world – 1.5 billion men, women, and children -from entering our country just because of their religion. Trump has since refined his policy to target immigrants and visitors from regions of the world (predominantly Musilm) where terrorism is a problem. But note that the reason for his policy is not because of religion itself, but rather because extremist members of that religion have a horrifyingly frequent habit of terrorism against innocent people.
14. “Hoist It High And Proud: The Confederate Flag Proclaims A Glorious Heritage.” Clinton singled out several Breitbart News headlines (among thousands) to claim that the site is racist. The irony of this particular headline, which comes from a guest op-ed, is that Clinton embraced the Confederate flag for decades — not just as First Lady of Arkansas, whose own state flag commemorates the Confederate flag (by her husband's decree), but later on the campaign trail in 2008.
15. Trump – the only Presidential candidate ever to get into a public feud with the Pope. Every Catholic Democratic presidential candidate who supports abortion is opposed to the Pope. In 2007, Pope Benedict XVI reiterated that politicians who support abortion should be denied communion. Pope Francis has softened that rhetoric but the conflict remains.
16. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups, Breitbart embraces “ideas on the extremist fringe of the conservative right.” That is simply a lie, as anyone who reads Breitbart even occasionally would know. And the Southern Poverty Law Center has no credibility left — certainly since a would-be mass shooter used the center's guide to “hate” groups to target the Family Research Council merely for supporting traditional marriage.
17. That one came shortly after the Charleston massacre, when Democrats and Republicans alike were doing everything they could to heal racial divides. Breitbart tried to enflame them further. On the contrary: as Democrats like Clinton were exploiting the Charleston attack to inflame racial division and push gun control, Breitbart News focused on healing. There are several examples, including Lee Stranahan's moving account of the makeshift memorial in Charleston.
18. Just yesterday, one of Britain's most prominent right-wing leaders, Nigel Farage, who stoked anti-immigrant sentiments to win the referendum on leaving the European Union, campaigned with Donald Trump in Mississippi. Here Clinton repeats one of the most frequent — and self-defeating — delusions of the anti-Brexit campaign. (Farage has already responded.) The majority of British voters are not bigots; they simply chose sovereignty over foreign bureaucracy.
19. Trump himself heaps praise on Putin and embrace pro-Russian policies. He talks casually of abandoning our NATO allies, recognizing Russia's annexation of Crimea, and of giving the Kremlin a free hand in Eastern Europe more generally. How rich this is, coming from a former Secretary of State who championed the Russian “reset” and ensured, after a hefty donation to the Clinton Foundation, that a Russian firm controlled by Putin owned 20% of American uranium.
20. Parents and teachers are already worried about what they're calling the “Trump Effect.” Bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslims, and immigrants. There is little evidence to support this claim. But Americans have been bullied — by the Obama administration, which unleashed the IRS on its political enemies, and accused opponents of the Iran deal of making “common cause” with the regime — attacks that Clinton supports.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Overview:
In this tutorial, we show you how easy it is to use the graph editor to create better looking eases in your After Effects animations. We're convinced that after watching this tutorial, you'll never use another default easy ease in your mograph life.
Transcription:
Hey guys! Tyler here for MotionArray.com and in this after effects tutorial I want to show you how to achieve better eases in your after effects animations. In this example here, you can see that this top box is not using any easing at all and you can see in the center box that it's animation is using the default ease out and ease in key frames.
This bottom box here is using the type of easing that I want to show you how to achieve. So here's another example, as you can see, it's the same thing. In this first circle's animation it's not using any easing, the center one is using the default easing, and this last one is using the type of easing that I want to show you how to do. This isn't very hard to do but it can definitely add another level of sophistication in your work. Let's go ahead and take a look on how to do this. Alright, so here I have a square solid with a couple of key frames moving from left to right.
The first thing I want to do is highlight this first key frame and come up to animation, key frame assistant, and come down to easy ease out. So I want to ease out of the first position and I want to ease in to the second position. So, I'm going to do the same thing, I'm going to highlight this key frame, come up to animation, key frame assistant and come to easy ease in. Now here is where the magic happens. I'm just going to highlight my two key frames here and I'm going to click on the graph editor.
As you can see we have this nice arch where we are easing out and easing in. To achieve the type of easing that I showed you in the example, I just want to highlight the second key frame and grab this handle and just pull it all the way to the left. And now when we do a RAM preview we can see that we have this really nice, really smooth, easing in going on. Alright, so in the second animation here, we have this kind of boring circle animation. I want to apply the easing technique to this animation as well. So, I'm just going to highlight these first key frames and come up to animation, key frame assistant, and easy ease out. I'm going to do the same thing here with this second key frame except it's going to be easy ease in. Then, I'm going to bring up the graph editor, highlight the second set of key frames, and just pull these handles over to the left. So now, when we preview this, we have a really silky, smooth kind of circle pop animation. As you can see this is really easy to do and it does add another level of sophistication to your animation.
I hope you liked this tutorial and thanks for watching, bye!
High on the list of dishes I'd like to be able to make without a second thought, a special trip to a special store and that I hope to still be cooking when we spend our days in his-and-hers creaking rocking chairs, lamenting that Jacob never calls us anymore, is a hearty white bean stew.
And never has my need to get a recipe like this down been more urgent, given the following confluence of events: 1. A kid who is getting more and more into rejecting food, but shows a keen interest in beans and anything cooked in a tomato-y sauce. 2. A mama who is near the end of her tether trying to fit an impossible amount of ingredients in her 2 (yes, two) kitchen cabinets and revels in a recipe that will use up multiple cans of beans, a box of tomatoes and a carton of broth and 3. A website audience that will likely hightail it out of here if I present you with one more recipe in a row that hinges on cream and booze, butter and cheese, butter and sprinkles or butter and wine. It's January, after all, and we have resolutions to attend to! Resolutions that probably do not include butter… That's for February, after all. I know that unless you are a tomato and white bean junkie, as I am, the prospect of a bowl of sloshy stew built on their foundation doesn't sound very appealing. But what transforms it, I'd argue, is the presentation. I like to place a thick slice of well-toasted, garlic-rubbed bread underneath, ladle the stew over it and finish it with a softly poached egg. A few gratings of parmesan or romano might also be welcome on top, but I don't think it needs either to be tasty. Mostly, this is a cozy meal, the perfect antidote to a month of excess without feeling excessively earnest. It's still 36 degrees outside, afterall, last week's blizzard remains in filthy gray islands of snow (albeit a little prettier in backyards) and there are more than three months until spring. Hearty is key.
One year ago: Southwestern Pulled Brisket
Two years ago: Potato and Artichoke Tortilla
Three years ago: Viennese Cucumber Salad
Four years ago: Really Simple Homemade Pizza
Chard and White Bean Stew
Adapted a bit generously from Dan Barber
I started with a recipe from Dan Barber for a kale and white bean stew, even though I knew it wasn't what I wanted. I have yet to get over my dislike of kale, despite a brief period of acceptance when I learned how to make it into chips. I used chard instead, but you could use any green you've got, even spinach. (Though if you are unfamiliar with chard but like spinach, trust me, you'll love chard.) I also only used 2/3 of the greens suggested, because I really want this to be a white bean, not greens, stew. Then, I swapped some of the vegetable broth for pureed tomatoes, because that's what I think a bean stew needs. I dialed back the broth a bit, because I don't like soupy stews… Oh, and I added some weights and then (typical!) forgot I was weighing ingredients so only some are listed. Sorry about that.
Finally, I cooked the wine down more than suggested because I wanted to make sure I wasn't accidentally going to booze up the kid so that he might accidentally get a good night's sleep. Because that would be terrible, you know?
1 pound Swiss chard (can also swap kale, spinach or another green), ribs and stems removed and cleaned
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup (5 1/4 ounces) chopped carrots
1 cup (5 ounces) chopped celery
1 cup (4 1/4 ounces) chopped shallots, about 4 medium
2 garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 cup dry white wine
2 15-ounce cans (or about 3 3/4 cups) white beans, drained and rinsed
2 cups (or more to taste) vegetable broth
1 cup pureed tomatoes (from a can/carton/your jarred summer supply)
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
3 fresh thyme sprigs
1 bay leaf
1 tablespoon sherry vinegar
Toasted bread slices, poached eggs (tutorial), chopped herbs such as tarragon, parsley or chives or grated Parmesan or Romano to serve (optional)
Bring medium pot of salted water to boil. Cook chard (or any heavier green; no need to precook baby spinach) for one minute, then drain and squeeze out as much extra water as possible. Coarsely chop chard.
Wipe out medium pot to dry it, and heat olive oil over medium. Add carrots, celery, shallots and garlic and saute for 15 minutes. Barber warns not to brown them but I didn't mind a light golden color on them. Add wine (scraping up any bits that have stuck to the pot) and cook it until it reduced by three-fourths. Add beans, broth, tomatoes, a few pinches of salt, freshly ground black pepper, thyme and bay leaf and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 20 minutes. Add chard and cook for 5 minutes more. Remove thyme and bay leaf. Add more broth if you'd like a thinner stew and adjust salt and pepper to taste.
Serve as is drizzled with sherry vinegar. Or you can ladle the stew over thick piece of toasted country bread or baguette that has been rubbed lightly with half a clove of garlic, top that with a poached egg and a few drops of sherry vinegar and/or some grated cheese.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
'Britain First is not welcome here' - that is the clear and frank message from the Mayor of Ramsgate Trevor Shonk after the group announced plans to hold a demonstration in the town .
The far-right activists revealed they would be holding a rally in Ramsgate in relation to the conviction of four men who gang-raped a teenager.
Britain First and other far-right groups have been actively campaigning around the trial since the men were arrested after the horrific crime which took place above 555 Pizza and Kebabs, in Northwood Road, in September last year.
But Cllr Shonk, UKIP, has slammed their latest plans to hold a rally in Ramsgate and said they would not be welcome.
Cllr Shonk said: "This is the problem with this country, people forget that the law is the law and it is final.
"Hopefully the law is upheld again and sentencing is significant in this situation.
"But people shouldn't be taking these things into their own hands.
"We have all read all the awful stories about that case, it is terrible but the law should be left to take its course without all this far right stuff."
Britain First announced plans to hold a gathering outside Ramsgate railway station on October 14, with a number of key figures from the group pipped to appear, including leader Paul Golding and deputy leader Jayda Fransen.
The leader and deputy leader were arrested earlier this year for "inciting religious hatred" during the trial, and are currently understood to still be on police bail as they await their trial date.
Just weeks ago Ms Fransen posted a live video from a police station in Kent, claiming that Mr Golding had been "taken into custody " again after they were called back by Kent Police as part of their bail terms.
A flyer announcing the Ramsgate protest reads: "Paul Golding, Jayda Fransen and Steve Lewis are being persecuted for exposing the Ramsgate migrant rapists."
The exact details of the gathering are not yet known, but the group is known for holding public rallies and marches – though they are often shut down by police.
The group has protested outside the takeaway before, banging on the windows and shouting at shop staff.
But Cllr Shonk said their protests do more damage to the country than good.
'Britain First is not welcome'
He added: "I'm not against protests, you can campaign in a nice way but Britain First don't do that.
"We seem to be a very divided country at the moment and this does not help anyone.
"I am not supportive of this protest in any way. The law of the country comes first.
"My doors are open to help anyone from all over. We are diverse here in Ramsgate and I'm proud of that.
"It is a wonderful place and the negativity of groups like Britain First is not welcome."
The usual picture of the abuse victim from newspapers to the big screen is most commonly a woman. Stereotypically, a small, weak, low socioeconomic woman at that. Someone who can't defend herself and has been taken advantage of by a brute - a cad, a villainous man, like the monster of a man in the movie "Sleeping With the Enemy," with Julia Roberts. (Although, I dare say, Julia's role broke a bit of the stereotype itself, as she was married to a very wealthy and respected member of the community whose friends would never have dreamed of his abusive behavior behind closed doors.)
Yes, women have been abused, (physically, sexually, and emotionally) by men for centuries. And yet women can also be the abusers. Would you recognize one? They don't all deliver cuts and bruises, and thus, may remain unnoticed by most. Yet the injuries they inflict can do more damage than the casual observer may notice.
In fact, women oftentimes can wreck about as much havoc on those in their environment as their male counterparts. Some are even clever actors who can morph from June Cleaver to Cruella De Ville in a moment's notice.
They are vindictive wives, caustic bosses, name-calling mothers and grandmothers, condescending friends, and nightmare employees.
They come in all walks of life, all socio-economic groups, ages, and races. And they can deviously trap their hostages in a living hell from which they may not know how to escape.
What do abusive women look like?
Well, they can use the exact methodology as the men do. They can use physical punishment, beating and/or torturing children or anyone less capable than they are (aging parents?) They can demand or withhold sex, using it as a weapon, or can cheat on their spouses without apparent conscience. They can name-call to the point where the victim is left feeling vile, unimportant, and as though they don't even exist. They can ignore and deliver the "silent treatment" as punishment for perceived wrongs. They can even hold all the purse strings, not allowing their husbands or family members to have so much as their own allowance. And they can prohibit their "loved ones" from even interacting with friends and extended family.
Want some real examples?
The mother of a 5 year old boy who taught her son total emotional confusion and lead him to a life filled with anxiety, due to her early treatment of him. Some days she would call him up to her lap to watch her TV shows with her when he came home from school, and yet other days she would reach out and slap him in the face unexpectedly and without warning. He never knew which mother to expect and after years of her roller coaster behaviors he still has a hard time trusting women.
The wife of a devoted husband who thought that she was the best thing that ever came into his life. While she didn't appear to have much of a sexual appetite with him, he later found out that she had been having affairs with 5 different men during their marriage, then accused him of being the one to destroy their relationship.
The woman who never takes responsibility for any of the situations in her life and blames everyone else for all the negative things that befall her.
The 94 year old mother of her senior citizen son who is still calling him demeaning names to this day. His ongoing attempts to win his mother's approval (even after all these years), has left him always feeling like a failure at most things he tries and wondering why she believes he is such a loser.
The wife of a man she so verbally and emotionally abused (a high ranking military doctor), that when she was hospitalized for a blood clot in her leg, he attempted to inject household poison into her IV line, later claiming that he "snapped" after years of the emotionally abusive environment in which he had lived. (He spent 18 months in Leavenworth.)
The mother who constantly tells her grown daughter in front of her grandchild, that she wishes she'd had an abortion instead of giving birth to her. That the daughter is, in fact, the worst excuse of a mother she's ever seen. (Now there's the pot calling the kettle black!)
The woman who never has a kind thing to say about anyone and yet is quick to offer criticism to all in her path.
The female boss who throws a temper tantrum because her name is misspelled on her nametag at the newcomer's management meeting. Who strikes terror in the hearts of her employees whenever she walks into their departments, as no one knows where her vile anger and words will strike next.
The woman who "forgets" to give birthday or Christmas presents to her "loved ones," yet expects substantial gifts and attention lavished on her when her birthday and other holidays roll around.
The radical religious grandmother who is raising her "bastard" grandchild and because her interpretation of her religion tells her that he is "unclean and wicked," forces enemas upon him every day of his life, leaving him with lifetime issues relating to his sexuality and his personal value.
The wife of a man who she constantly belittles about everything he does, from how he dresses, to how much money he makes, to how he makes love, or even bathes the children.
The female employee who makes everyone feel as though they must "walk on eggshells" around her, as she treats everyone with her "silent treatment" all shift, refusing to engage in conversation, or even acknowledge anyone else's presence or value but her own.
The mother who teaches her children to be shameful for any misbehavior they might experience, and then proceeds to remind them of their shameful selves as long as possible, only ensuring the development of their low self-esteem.
The condescending adult sister who loves to tell her grown siblings how they are terrible parents, undermines everything they do with their kids, and then attempts to "guilt trip" them about why they don't visit her more often.
The mother of a 12 year old child who "punished" her daughter for misbehaving by submerging her in a tub of scalding water. The child needed hospitalization and skin grafts.
Yes, women can be incredibly caustic abusers. And because society more generally expects women to be the victims, we may miss reading the telltale signs that the people who are subjected to these women on a day-to-day basis are slowly having their very souls chipped away bit by bit.
They may show signs of depression, anxiety, gastro-intestinal symptoms, insomnia, or a variety of other symptoms as a result of the chronic stress they live under. Unfortunately, they may not recognize that it is this emotional war zone they live in which may be at the root of these problems.
When women are the victims of abuse, they may be open to discussing their feelings and situation with others. They solicit information from their female friends or therapists to help find clarity and understanding in situations that may leave them feeling lost, confused, or in pain. Although many women still seem to stay "stuck" in abusive relationships (for many reasons), at least it seems to be more the norm that they still share their situations, and their pain with someone they can connect with.
With men, however, coping skills are often quite different. Men don't often chat over coffee about their relationships and many simply don't easily share their feelings with a well-meaning therapist.
Of course in our macho culture, admitting that one's wife is a husband abuser just doesn't make a man a "man's man" either. Admitting this situation to male counterparts (or others) may seem like emotional suicide to some.
In addition, since the majority of support groups for these type of victims tend to be comprised of mostly females, men might not feel at ease (or in some cases welcomed), as some female members may feel uncomfortable with any male presence in their midst.
Thus, males who are trapped in these abusive nightmares may find it even more difficult to explain their situations and safely extricate themselves from it, than do the women victims.
Educating men about the intricacies of these abusive, narcissistic individuals and specifically, Narcissistic Personality Disorder, may be the first line of defense for many who are walking in the dark, questioning their own sanity.
Knowledge is power. Enlightening male clients and friends to the wealth of knowledge available regarding this phenomenon may be their first step towards determining their future course and plans. Realizing that they are not going crazy and that they are not the only ones who feel lost and alone as the victim of abuse, can give many the first keys to unlocking the doors to their emotional freedom.
Educating our communities and getting the media to recognize and talk about the fact that abuse does not just involve the typical male brute, but can also include the stealth, covert manipulations of the female of the species as well might just make the difference for so many who feel trapped in the nightmare.
Finally, helping men realize that they are not alone in their confusion, depression, and emotional roller coaster ride living or working with a narcissistic female, can allow the formation of new paths to healing. It may give them new knowledge upon which they can make conscious choices for change.
In addition, it may lead many to better understand that abusive women can be pathological and may cause vast destruction to those in their path - including children who generally have no say in their situations.
So the next time you see on TV or in film, those wickedly funny women (like the character Jane Fonda plays in the new movie, "Monster-in Law"), don't laugh so hard. These women are as real as the men we see in mug shots and in the news each and every day - but too many times we just don't see them through their pearls and lace.
Mary Jo Fay, RN, MSN is a national speaker, award winning author, columnist, and survivor of several narcissistic relationships. Her book, "When Your Perfect Partner Goes Perfectly Wrong - Loving or Leaving the Narcissist in Your Life" is available at http://www.helpfromsurvivors.com or http://www.outoftheboxx.com. She can be reached in the US at 303-841-7691.
Copyright- 2005 Mary Jo Fay
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Sadiq Khan has announced a raft of measures to help the capital's black cab trade compete against Uber, including increasing taxi ranks and opening up more bus lanes.
The Mayor's action plan will increase ranks around the city from 500 to 600 over the next four years and allow 20 extra bus lanes to be used by cabbies.
He also wants the test that black cab drivers must pass to obtain a licence - known as The Knowledge - to be accredited as a formal qualification, potentially enabling applicants to apply for study loans.
Transport for London will feature taxi information in its online journey planners by summer 2017 and from next year grants worth up to £5,000 will be available to black cab drivers who scrap the oldest and most polluting taxis.
Mr Khan's plan also signals his intention to push ahead with new rules for private hire drivers.
These include requiring drivers to pass an English test, more robust insurance regulations and ensuring driver and vehicle details including a photo of the driver are given to customers before the start of each journey.
Earlier this month Uber was given the green light for a High Court challenge against TfL over the language rule, which would mean all drivers undergoing reading, writing and listening tests.
Mr Khan said: "Our new taxi and private hire action plan will help us deliver a truly world-class service for Londoners and create a vibrant taxi and private hire market where all providers can continue to flourish.
"From my first day at City Hall I have been determined to drive up standards and improve safety for every passenger in London, while protecting the future of our iconic black cabs that provide a unique and invaluable service for Londoners."
Val Shawcross, deputy mayor for transport, said: "New measures such as opening up extra bus lanes and increasing the number of taxi ranks will help ensure our black cabs continue to thrive, and our proposals also include ground-breaking incentives to create the greenest taxi fleet in the world.
"A key part of our plan is to push ahead with important new measures to enhance public safety, including quadrupling the number of on-street compliance officers and requiring that private hire drivers pass an advanced driving test before they're licensed."
But Tom Elvidge, general manager of Uber in London, attacked the plan. He said: “These proposals favour black cabs and discriminate against drivers who use apps like Uber.
While black cabs will get £65million from the taxpayer, the mayor is piling extra costs and red tape onto licensed private hire drivers.
"This plan will cost drivers who use Uber hundreds of pounds and thousands may lose their livelihoods as a result. Fewer drivers will mean longer waiting times for passengers.”
The plan is available to view online.
New Delhi: Outdoor air pollution has been listed as one of the top ten killers in the world, with 65 percent of the air pollution deaths occurring in Asia and close to quarter of this in India, according to a study released Friday.
Global Burden of Disease (GBD) count, a global initiative involving the WHO, tracks deaths and illnesses from all causes across the world.
According to the study, in south Asia, outdoor air pollution is ranked as the sixth-most dangerous killer. It is now three places behind indoor air pollution, which is the second-highest killer in this region.
Air pollution causes 3.2 million deaths worldwide.
This has increased from 800,000, last estimated by GBD in the year 2000 - a whopping 300 percent increase.
"In the year 2000, GBD assessments had reported a much smaller air pollution-related burden of disease. The new estimates of particulate air pollution are based on ground-level measurements, satellite remote sensing and global chemical transport models to capture population exposure," it said.
In South Asia, air pollution has been ranked just below blood pressure, tobacco smoking, indoor air pollution, poor intake of fruits and diabetes, as the cause of the largest number of deaths.
The new GBD estimates over 2.1 million premature deaths and 52 million years of healthy life lost in 2010 due to fine particle air pollution in Asia, which is two-thirds of the burden worldwide.
Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) expressed deep shock at the findings and called for making national ambient air quality standards legally binding on each region.
"The GBD count on air pollution and its health risks must trigger urgent, aggressive and most stringent action in India to curb air pollution to protect public health. India cannot afford to enhance health risk at a time when much of its economic growth and motorisation are yet to happen," said Anumita Roychowdhury, CSE`s air pollution unit head.
The latest GBD results have been produced by a rigorous scientific process involving over 450 global experts and partner institutions including the Institute of Health Metrics and Evaluation, the World Health Organisation, the University of Queensland, Australia, Johns Hopkins University, Harvard University and the Health Effects Institute.
IANS
Mind games: an image from Rob Davis's graphic novel The Complete Don Quixote
The Antinomies of Realism
Fredric Jameson
Verson, 432pp, £20
The Lives of the Novel: a History
Thomas G Pavel
Princeton University Press, 360pp, £24.95
The Novel: a Biography
Michael Schmidt
Harvard University Press, 1,200pp, £29.95
In the opening pages of his recent book The Antinomies of Realism, Fredric Jameson observes that when we try to fix the “phenomenon of realism” in our mind's eye, it quickly starts to wobble. Instead of thinking about the thing itself, our attention slips in two opposite directions: towards realism's emergence at one extreme, its dissolution at the other. Although Jameson omits to mention the various fine accounts of the novel's robustly healthy 19th century – Lilian R Furst's All Is True, Peter Brooks's Realist Vision – his assessment is convincing.
There is a simple historical reason for these twinned concerns. Realism, a word used sporadically in the 19th century, became a dominant literary-historical term just as it became an outmoded style or genre. Critical interest in realism intensified at the same rate as practitioners' disdain and both reached their peak in the mid-to-late 1950s. In 1957, to be precise, when Ian Watt published his account of 18th-century English fiction, The Rise of the Novel, which Jameson calls “canonical”, and when the journalist Émile Henriot, writing in Le Monde, christened the nouveau roman, or new novel – the movement whose lead spokesperson, Alain Robbe-Grillet, disputed the effectiveness of, in Jameson's paraphrase, “Balzacian techniques for capturing our current realities”. As Watt described the birth pangs, Robbe-Grillet sounded the death knell. (After that point, suspicion of realism, often in reaction to Watt and in emulation of Robbe-Grillet, began to affect the academy, while novelists, often in reaction to anti-realist polemic, began to recognise its virtues again.)
Another factor, at once more technical and pragmatic, may have played a more decisive role. The rise of the realist novel is an origin story, a bit like Genesis or the Aeneid, with the part of Adam or Aeneas taken by a single author, perhaps Cervantes, or a small group of them (Watt chose three – Defoe, Richardson and Fielding). The fall of realism is a whodunnit: Joyce was spotted carrying something that looked like a razor and what about that long half-hour when Marcel nipped out for a madeleine?
By contrast, realism's lifespan – from its noble ancestry in ancient Greece to the antics of its Oedipal inheritors, modernism and postmodernism – resembles a 50-episode miniseries with several thousand characters speaking half a dozen European languages on three or four continents across two and a half millennia. The story of realism, when told in any but the broadest terms, is the story of the novel itself. As Jameson writes, “Discussion of either concept tends to become indistinguishable.”
There are two potential methods of narrating this story: a fox way and a hedgehog way, both of them rife with problems. In his study of War and Peace, Isaiah Berlin adapted a fragment by the Greek poet Archilochus – “The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing” – to divide centripetal thinkers who “relate everything to a single central vision” and centrifugal thinkers who “pursue many ends, often unrelated and even contradic­tory”. If you credit the novel with a single vision – for example, “The novel traces man's alienation from God” – a clean, forward-thrusting narrative may emerge but you will commit imprecisions on every page (quibbles of the “What about Jane Austen?” variety may prove hard to silence). But although writing novel-history in accordance with Virginia Woolf's statement that there is “no such thing as the novel, only ‘novels'” might allow for greater nuance, readers will be too busy wading through the names and movements and titles to thank you for your rigour.
The poet and publisher Michael Schmidt, during the more than ten years he spent researching his hefty new book, lost his original title, Lives of the Novelists, to a book by John Sutherland and has plumped instead for The Novel: a Biography, which doesn't wholly fit. Schmidt's book starts off hedgehog-like, with apparent belief in a fabulating force called the novel, but ends up foxish – or Woolf-like – to the point of mania, like an Argos catalogue without the pictures.
Schmidt mostly confines his attention to the novel in English but that still proves too much to be getting on with. After he abandons narrative and chronology in chapter five (of 45), his only concessions to order are thematic chapters and the use of “practitioner-critics” as guides. But, in the absence of ideas about influence and tradition, how much guiding do they do? About as much as an echo chamber: “Poe admired Dickens.” “Sir Arthur Conan Doyle admired Meredith.” “Priestley admired Powys.” Schmidt sets great store by practitioner-critics' opinions, less by their articulated insights. What matters is the thumbs-up, the Facebook “like”, especially when it comes from Anthony Burgess: “Anthony Burgess admired Riddley Walker.” “Anthony Burgess admired The Rebel Angels.” “Anthony Burgess admired The Vendor of Sweets.”
One of the few practitioner-critics we don't hear much from is Schmidt himself. Mary McCarthy, Gore Vidal and Martin Amis may not much like Nabokov's Ada – but what does he think? That he calls the book “playful but terrifying” doesn't reveal much. (Does he really need J M Coetzee to tell us that Midnight's Children “revolutionised the Indian-English novel”?)
Often, Schmidt's two devices for making things clear – thematic groupings, artist-critic tour guides – gang up together to do the opposite. In the chapter “The Fate of Form”, not only do we strain to find the unstated connections between the various subjects – among them Henry James, Anthony Powell, Sinclair Lewis, Mrs Humphry Ward, Dorothy Richardson and C P Snow – but the section on James alone contains quotations from Borges, Edmund Wilson, James Thurber, Edith Wharton, Edwin Muir, Gore Vidal, David Lodge, T S Eliot, E M Forster, John Updike, Graham Greene, Willa Cather, Conrad, Raymond Chandler, Mary McCarthy, William Empson and Cynthia Ozick. In the prologue, Schmidt compares his cast of commentators to “an eccentric family” but it is the rare host who invites 18 members of his extended family for tea on the same afternoon.
Thomas G Pavel, a professor at the University of Chicago, is a different sort of critic from Schmidt, though he comes no closer to an adequate account of the novel with all his categories and subcategories, his “conceptual tools”, than Schmidt does with his scattergun. The Lives of the Novel: a History, the product of decades of teaching and reading, has been praised by James Wood as “the most interesting and subtle one-volume history of the novel currently available”. It is hard to know how great a compliment Wood intended, since one-volume histories of the novel are thin on the ground; with the possible exception of Margaret Anne Doody's revisionist, anti-Watt doorstopper The True Story of the Novel, it is hard to think of a classic instance.
In any case, Pavel's book isn't a history but an idiosyncratic and aggressively anti-historical reading of the novel as a branch of moral philosophy – a serial portrait of the human being's evolution from “strong soul” to “sensitive heart” to “enigmatic psyche” against a backdrop of change that is deemed irrelevant. Pavel ticks off Ian Watt for “overplaying social and cultural explanations [such as the emergence of bourgeois individualism] for artistic phenomena”. The counterargument offered here is that artistic genres “enjoy a qualified autonomy” from “the social and intellectual life of their time”, though you search in vain for qualifications, for any limits whatsoever on the novel's freedom of movement.
In Pavel's narrative, realism was a late-arriving aberration in the novel's history. Until the 19th century, he writes, there were no detectable links “between the novel and specific political events” and even once the novel had discovered “society”, it still wasn't terribly interested. As a result, he sidelines Émile Zola, the self-described literary “naturalist” who believed strongly in the formative effect of environment, but finds allies for his cause in Stendhal – who never wrote a literary manifesto and can therefore be said to have thought that “social customs” had no effect on “human nature” – and Thomas Hardy, whose novels “emphasise both life's social dimension and the autonomy of the individual”.
In one staggeringly ill-informed moment, he writes that Jane Austen, a beneficiary of Regency nostalgia and contextual reading, only came into favour “once the strong, explicit emphasis on social and historical factors had lost some of its appeal”. Lacking any kind of supporting evidence – in some cases, it doesn't exist – such assertions are themselves powerful evidence of the kind of corners the hedgehog necessarily cuts.
Fredric Jameson has his own ambitious answer as to why accounts of realism are always stories of birth or death. Put crudely (often unavoidable with this brilliant but challenging writer), the argument goes like this: realism was created by joining the “narrative impulse” that united all of the novel's forebears (ballad, newspaper sketch, fairy tale, and so on) to a new mid-19th-century interest in evoking “affect”, or bodily sensation. In its desire to linger and inhabit an “eternal” or “existential” or “scenic” present, this impulse is in essential conflict with the relentless forward movement – the faith in “past-present-future” – on which the narrative depends.
For about 50 years, Jameson argues, narrative and affect remained perfectly at one. In the work of Tolstoy, for example, Jameson finds “no moments of the narrative which lack their dimension of affect, to the point at which one is tempted to say that these movements and variations are themselves the narrative”. But by the end of the 19th century, a break had occurred and the “serious” writer has had to keep faith with the one thing that survives the weakening of all the “joints and joists” of narrative: affect. This is why, Jameson writes, it is justified to talk constantly of “the emergence or the breakdown of realism and never about the thing itself, since we will always find ourselves describing a potential emergence or a potential breakdown”.
Taken on its own terms, The Antinomies of Realism is surely a failure. Although Jameson starts by setting out a single vision, he is soon too busy taking delight in his realists to stick to the master plan. Of Zola, embarking on his novel-sequence about the second French empire just before it fell apart, he writes: “Few writers . . . have had this kind of luck, where history obligingly redistributes your material for you in a more workable form.” Balzac, he claims, is “always remorseless towards his own characters . . . He has enough of them for the sympathies to go around, and if one falls short or goes to pieces, there will always be another one available.”
But Jameson's disparate insights are neither united nor even enabled by his central thesis. Neither Zola's fluke nor Balzac's brusquerie rests on the theory of realism's internal tensions, which, though fascinating, is full of holes. If discussions of realism and the novel tend to become indistinguishable, as Jameson claims, then how does his portrait of realism accommodate writers such as Cervantes (and, yes, Jane Austen) who not only wrote novels but practised something that many would call “realism” and did so before the “radical transformation of the experience of the body in the European 1840s” – before, in other words, the arrival of the force, affect, which Jameson claims created realism?
The hedgehog in Jameson serves to keep the book's focus agreeably tight but the novel's foxishness, which Jameson recognises and succumbs to, demands a focus as wide as the sky. Berlin wrote that Tolstoy's gifts made him a fox no matter how hard he tried to play the hedgehog; with Jameson, it is the novel – and the curiosity the novel inspires in him – that overwhelms his genuine taste and talent for hedgehog thinking. The dialectical formula (thesis-antithesis-synthesis) suggests that there must exist a hedgehog-fox hybrid, a mode of thought that combines their strengths and cancels their vices, but The Antinomies of Realism shows the greatest dialectical thinker among living critics unable to locate it.
In his prologue, Jameson considers potential images for his desire to grasp the terminal points of realism “firmly at one and the same time” – negative and positive currents, the strands of DNA. Another springs no less quickly to the mind: the white whale.
Leo Robson is the lead fiction reviewer for the New Statesman
What Will The New Normal Settle At?
India has been largely a cash driven economy and taking away cash meant that economic activity would be impacted. The official stance was that this would be transitory, but professional forecasters have predicted a sharp fall in GDP growth to near about 6.5 percent in fiscal 2017 versus 7.9 in fiscal 2016. Most expect growth to rebound in fiscal 2018. The Reserve Bank of India is forecasting next's year growth at 7.4 percent compared to a forecast of 6.9 percent this year.
High frequency indicators are moving in tandem with that theory so far.
The Nikkei Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for manufacturing fell to 49.6 in December, for the first time in 11 months. But it moved back into expansion territory in January with the index at 50.4. The question now is where the index will stabilize and whether it will rebound to pre-demonetisation levels when the manufacturing PMI was at a 22-month high of 54.4 (October 2016).
The Index For Industrial Production held up in November but showed a decline in December with growth contracting by 0.4 percent. If the IIP follows the manufacturing PMI, a rebound is likely in January.
Some indication of a demand hit can also be gleaned from the consumer price inflation data, where ‘core core' inflation reflects subdued conditions. Core inflation strips out volatile food and fuel items. If you further strip out items like transportation, gold and silver, you get ‘core core' inflation. This sub-segment has been falling, reflecting slowing demand.
The Pitt Panthers hired Utah State's Scott Barnes as their athletic director on Friday, the school announced.
He replaces Steve Pederson, who parted ways with the school in December.
The 52-year-old Barnes will be in charge of helping the Panthers gain traction in the ACC, particularly in football. Pitt is on its fourth head football coach since 2010 after hiring Pat Narduzzi in December. The school says Barnes was a unanimous choice from the pool of candidates.
Barnes has been the AD at Utah State since 2008, and he just completed his term as NCAA men's basketball committee chairman earlier this month. The Aggies have gone to four consecutive bowl games under coaches Gary Andersen and Matt Wells.
Barnes, who was previously the senior associate athletic director at Washington, promoted assistant coach Tim Duryea last month to replace longtime Utah State men's basketball coach Stew Morrill, who retired after this past season.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Sydney could lose its crown as the biggest city by population to Melbourne if trends continue. But it wouldn't just be smaller, but potentially older – as the pool of young talent grows in Melbourne.
In 2016, 4.82 million Sydneysiders filled out the census forms compared to 4.49 million Melburnians. Since 2011, more people have been arriving in Melbourne each week than in Sydney – which means this gap is narrowing.
In Sydney, almost every age group has been experiencing a net loss of residents, UNSW demographer and research analyst Alison Taylor said.
Typically, 25 to 44 year olds tend to move more than older residents being of “prime working age and seeking good jobs in the two main jobs markets in Australia,” she said.
But while young people – between 25 to 44 – are moving out of Greater Sydney, there's not the same number of young people moving in.
Melbourne on the other hand only faced losses of those aged 45 and over.
While further statistics about internal migration will be released in October, she said the reason for the outflow is likely those looking for “affordable housing, better jobs, less congestion and time taken to get to their jobs, better entertainment [and] lifestyle opportunities”.
“Unless you work in a high-paying job, living in Sydney probably doesn't stack up,” she said.
Arrivals to Greater Sydney by source location, 2015/16 Photo: Alison Taylor, ABS
For Sydney Millennials, this doesn't come as a surprise.
While many have family, friends and other personal connections to Sydney, at some point the costs outweigh the benefits of staying put.
A median-priced house in Sydney costs $1.15 million, and $718,000 for an apartment. In Melbourne, the median for houses and apartments is hundreds of thousands of dollars cheaper, at $844,000 and $495,000 respectively.
But in Sydney, those leaving the capital tend to opt for the larger regional centres – such as Orange or Tamworth, demographer Glenn Capuano, of consultancy group .id, said.
A lot of Victoria's growth is also from those leaving the mining states, such as Western Australia, looking for a new city to call home and find a job.
Arrivals to Greater Melbourne by source location 2015/16. Photo: Alison Taylor, ABS
This has contributed to the 2.4 per cent growth rate in Victoria's population – a booming result that hasn't been seen in the state “since the 1940s … [and before that] back to the 1880s”.
“[Victoria] gets 60,000 to 70,000 overseas migrants in net terms every year. About 90 per cent settle in Melbourne,” Mr Capuano said.
The driver for this overseas talent into Melbourne, as opposed to Sydney, is similar to the reasons younger residents move – the cost of living, Domain Group chief economist Andrew Wilson said.
​”Sydney has a burgeoning economy but it's very difficult to find rental accommodation and rent is 30 per cent higher than Melbourne,” Dr Wilson said.
“It's about weighing up better job prospects in Sydney versus costs for accommodation.
“Sydney is getting to a stage where we're full up. That's what prices are doing – making us an elite, prestige market with high barriers to entry.”
But Melbourne's median house price is expected to reach $1 million by the end of next year with property price growth is outpacing Sydney's.
This could see migrants, and younger Australians, look to Brisbane instead, Dr Wilson said.
In addition to being cheaper, Melbourne has the additional bonus of being culturally attractive, Compass Economics chief economist Hans Kunnen said.
Between 2005/06 and 2014/15, the Australian Bureau of Statistics records Sydney's net interstate annual average growth to be a loss of 16,017 people and Melbourne's to be a gain of 2885.
“Sydney needs better transport and cheaper housing. It is well behind Victoria on both,” Mr Kunnen said.
Land release, a quicker turnaround on development projects and more urban infill supported by infrastructure would “change the story for Sydney”, he said.
The Wizard of Bras
At Hollywood-Maxwell's
Intimate Apparel Shop As you walk up the right side of Main Street, your destination is the store right after Grandma's Baby Shop. Across the entire width of the ornate, pale yellow storefront, a sign reads, “Intimate Apparel, Brassieres, Torsolettes.” Even if you don't feel a need to purchase a corset or bra while visiting the park, walk up the three steps onto the front porch, open the door, and enter the Victorian splendor of the Intimate Apparel Shop, presented by the Hollywood-Maxwell Brassiere Co. of Los Angeles. This is your opportunity to learn the history of underwear. Your host is the Wonderful Wizard of Bras. From his revolving stage, the Wonderful Wizard speaks to you through the marvel of tape recorder technology. Don't miss the authentic Singer Sewing Machine from around 1860—it's a “most unusual and unique part of the display,” according to advance publicity. And remember to look into all the 3-D boxes to see outer and intimate apparel of the past. As you slowly move your head, you'll see the models' turn-of-the-century attire disappear to reveal their corsets and pantaloons. Hollywood-Maxwell's Intimate Apparel Shop is not just about the Victorian past. In fact, half the store is devoted to the latest bras and petticoats of 1955. Yes, when Disneyland opened in 1955, there really was an Intimate Apparel Shop, and it really featured the Wizard of Bras. But the Wizard didn't look like the artwork at the top of this page. That artwork was from a Hollywood-Maxwell ad in a July 15, 1955, newspaper supplement for Disneyland in various Southern California papers, including the Santa Ana Register and the Long Beach Press-Telegram. In addition to ads, the supplement had articles about Disneyland—but the articles were publicity pieces that were essentially advertising too. One article included a rare photo of the Wonderful Wizard of Bras. I don't expect you to read the article to the right of the newspaper picture. I've reproduced the entire article below. ADVERTISING SUPPLEMMENT TO THE SANTA ANA REGISTER — JULY 15, 1955
Mechanical Wizard
Emcees Continual
Show of Fashions
The Wonderful Wizard of Bras, famed symbol of the Hollywood-Maxwell Brassiere Company and major-domo of the novel, eye-popping exhibit prepared by Disneyland by this manufacturer of intimate apparel is one of the major magicians in the nation's greatest magicland.
The Wonderful Wizard highlights the Hollywood-Maxwell display which is one of fifty “famous names in American business” selected by Disneyland officials to populate Main Street, U.S.A., an exact replica of an American town of the 1890-1910 period.
The Hollywood-Maxwell exhibit features the Wonderful Wizard of Bras on a revolving stage, on one side of which is a complete re-creation of the fashions and intimate wear of the 1890's and on the other side a showing of the fashions of today—inner and outer wear.
On stage, acting as master of ceremonies, via a tape recorder, is the Wonderful Wizard who, with presto-change charm, explains the basic theme of the show—“This is how it was... Now... This is how it is.”
The exhibit, like the others on Main Street, is period in both its interior and exterior design, with the only “out-of-this-world” touch being the fabulous Wonderful Wizard who greets visitors with a wave of his magic wand.
The exhibit will portray a typical 19th Century shoppe. The Wonderful Wizard and modern day clothing will occupy one-half. The remaining part will be devoted to a Victorian “front-room” complete with period fireplace, drapes, large mirror, sofa and old-fashioned showcase. A most unusual and unique part of the display will be an authentic Singer Sewing Machine, circa 1860. In addition, 3-D illusion boxes will be featured depicting both outer and intimate apparel of the by-gone era.
The company was founded In Los Angeles 21 years ago with two rented sewing machines and an idea, a patented design for a revolutionary brassiere.
The unique bra—the circular stitched “V-Ette Whirlpool” soon became a much-soughtafter fashion item and the original operators found they were part of a thriving, growing business.
Several years after the founding of the firm, Hollywood-Maxwell achieved national distribution and was well on its way to becoming the large, successful firm it is today—the largest bra manufacturer west of the Mississippi and one of the important foundation wear style leaders in America.
In order to keep in touch with the latest fashion styles in the world of fashion, Hollywood-Maxwell's chic designer, Theo De Voe, regularly attends the Paris openings, determining basic silhouette changes so that Hollywood-Maxwell bras can be styled according to the latest couturier trends.
Much of the meteoric rise of the company has happened since 1946 when Herndon J. Norris, who previously had been attorney for the concern, bought the company and took over as president.
Norris has introduced modern methods of manufacture and marketing, making the company a model of efficient and workmanlike procedures.
Today, Hollywood-Maxwell maintains 10 plants throughout the United States and one in Canada. In addition, the firm has licensed manufacturing and distributing representing in Europe, England, South America, Australia, New Zealand and the Orient. Back in 1955 and 1956, Disneyland had its own monthly newspaper, The Disneyland News. If Main Street, U.S.A. represented a small American town, it was only fitting to have a small-town newspaper.
The Disneyland News, September 1955. The September 1955 issue of The Disneyland News included a human interest story about Hollywood-Maxwell's Intimate Apparel Shop on Main Street. Here's the entire short article for your enjoyment: THE DISNEYLAND NEWS - SEPTEMBER 1955
If Hubby Is Shy, Watch Him
At Main Street Corset Shop
Is the modern male embarrassed about walking into a corseteria? No he isn't—or at least, not as “shocked” as his father would have been, according to the Hollywood Maxwell Company, operators of a corset and bra shop on Disneyland's Main Street.
Surprising as it may seem to some, it's the teenagers who are most affected by the exhibit of old and new in corsets, bras, and petticoats. The younger sets' reaction is usually one of giggles as they look at the small models in various stages of dress.
Through a system of looking glasses in the corseteria on Main Street, the visitor can by slowly turning his head see the models change from the full dress of the turn of the century into their underclothes—corsets and pantaloons. In the modern sequence, the model switches from an evening dress into bra and petticoat.
Many men hesitate to enter the shop—especially older gentlemen accompanied by their wives. It's the older women who seem to be most anxious to shade their husbands from any “risque” experience.
But it's the older generation of men who are the most polite—they invariably remove their hats upon entering the store!
The fathers and mothers of recent years seem to take the whole thing in stride—while the older women often are guilty of a bit of giggling, as are the teenagers.
The 10 to 12 year olds, especially the girls, are particularly appreciative and interested in the old time furnishings of the 1900 period in the store.
Hollywood Maxwell's experience seems to lend credence to the belief that Americans are becoming more “liberal” through the years in their thoughts on such formerly “taboo” subjects. The Intimate Apparel Shop didn't last long. In January 1956, just a half year after it opened, it closed. The Glass and China Shop next door expanded and absorbed the Intimate Apparel Shop space. It's now called the China Closet. At least the Intimate Apparel Shop outlasted Grandma's Baby Shop. Grandma departed before summer 1955 had ended. The Silhouette Studio moved in, and it's still there today.
The former Intimate Apparel Shop (left) as it looked in 2007. The Main Street storefront that once housed Disneyland's Intimate Apparel Shop is still there. It's now blue with white trim. There's no longer a sign on the storefront, and although you can step up onto the porch, you can't go through the door. In 1958, the Hollywood-Maxwell Company of California combined with the Vassar Company of Chicago, a part of Munsingwear. The result was the Hollywood Vassarette Intimate Apparel Division. At one time, Munsingwear was America's underwear giant. Today, the Munsingwear brand is marketed by PremiumWear, Inc., and is best known for knit golf shirts with the penguin logo. PremiumWear, Inc. also markets Jockey brand underwear. The Vassarette brand is still around. It's now as part of Vanity Fair Brands, LP. But the Hollywood-Maxwell brand is history. Click here to discuss this page on the Yesterland Discussion Forum at MiceChat! Red Wagon Inn
Passenger Train
Home © 2008-2017 Werner Weiss — Disclaimers, Copyright, and Trademarks Updated December 29, 2017. Wizard of Bras from Hollywood-Maxwell advertisement, 1955: courtesy Orange County Archives.
“Mechanical Wizard” article & photo from 1955 ad supplement: courtesy Orange County Archives.
The Disneyland News, September 1955 image and article © Disney.
Photo of former Intimate Apparel Shop: 2005 by Werner Weiss.
NEW USED PARTS ORDERING PAYMENT SHIPPING WARRANTY RETURNS
TECH RESOURCES GALLERY WANTED LINKS NEWS EBAY FAKES
HOME NAMM FEEDBACK TESTIMONIALS CONTACT EMAIL
M8M - A long time coming, Martin Hagstrom and Fredrik Thordendal of Meshuggah get the finest signature model any artist has ever gotten for their first production release. Ibanez could have gone a cheaper route and built these in either Fujigen or Indonesia, but these will be the best of the best, built by Sugi in Japan. They will be limited only in the number that will be ordered as all Sugi builds come with a steep price tag. They are open production until further notice. I'll update this page with exact neck specs as they become available. 5 sold to date.
SPECIAL ORDER - THEY'RE JUST TOO EXPENSIVE TO STOCK. TYPICALLY IN DISTRIBUTOR STOCK WHERE I WOULD GO CHOSE THE BEST AVAILABLE.
5 piece Maple / Bbubinga neck
19mm 1st fret - 21mm 12th fret
430mm Radius rosewood fretboard without inlays
6100 frets
Alder body
Fixed Edge III 8 bridge
Direct mount p/u
Lundgren Model M8 bridge p/u
Cosmo hardware
Black finish
String Guage: 09 11 16 26 36 46 52 70
Tuning: D# A# F# C# G# D# A# F
$7999.99 List price, includes hard shell case.
$5999.99 Suggested Minimum Advertised Price
Continental US shipping is included.
Service Package Level Details
Bronze - Cash Price - AVAILABLE
Bronze - Card Price - AVAILABLE
Silver - Cash Price - AVAILABLE
Silver - Card Price - AVAILABLE
Gold - Cash Price - AVAILABLE
Gold - Card Price - AVAILABLE
Platinum - Cash Price - $6000
Platinum - Card Price - $6000
Questions?/Order?
As Catalogued by M. Lemoel on May 20, 1880, Twelve Days after the Writer's Death.
In the bedroom on the first floor:
panama hat
top hat
red silk cravat
5 pairs of gloves
19 shirts
2 dressing gowns
5 waistcoasts
7 walking sticks
tobacco jar
two pairs of boots
In the dining room:
35 champagne glasses
48 porcelain dinner plates
a painting representing Napoléon I
a pocket watch in a gold case engraved with initials ‘GF'
a gold watch chain
a gold signet ring with square stone
a silver spoon and two forks marked ‘N flaubert'
5 oyster-knives with black handles and silver blades
In the study on the first floor:
Engraving in oakwood frame representing The temptation of Saint Antoine by Callot
Marble clock with bronze figurines, maker's name ‘Destigny' engraved on dial
Photographic reproduction of painting entitled Visions
Array consisting of lances, javelins, arrows, mandolin, Basque drum, axe, oriental pipe, cardboard Chinese statuette
Large round table in mahogany
Green woolen tablecloth
One tiger skin, one lynx skin, one bear skin, white
Penholder in the shape of dragon
Bronze inkwell
Three paperknives, one with initials ‘GF'
Two Egyptian lanterns
Unfinished manuscript of work entitled Bouvard et Pécuchet
Creuzer, Religions of Antiquity in 11 vols
Works of Saint Theresa in Migne edition
Works of Walter Scott in 32 vols.
(In the drawer of one of the small bookcases is found the sum of 2515 francs, which sum is deposited with Maitre Bidault to cover funeral expenses, burial charges, and other debts.)
Joanna Neborsky is a maker of jittery ink drawings and retro-fried collage. She lives in Brooklyn. You can buy a copy of this poster here.
During the time that Chanukah Hanukah was born there was a man who spoke for the Jews and his name was Matityahu. He stood up and said No to the Greeks for they wanted the Jews to assimilate. And so as the story goes Matitiyahu along with his son Judah nicknamed Maccabee ("The Hammer"), with an army of maybe 12,000 courageous took to the hills of Judea in open revolt against this threat to Jewish life. What the Jews lacked in training and equipment they made up for in spirit.
For after 3 years of fighting, the Jews were able to re conquer Jerusalem. And when they got there they found that the Temple was defiled in the most horrific ways. When Judah and his followers finished cleaning the Temple, they wanted to light the eternal light, known as the N'er Tamid, which is present in every Jewish house of worship. Once lit, the oil should never be extinguished. But there was only one vial of pure oil with the special seal that was found. They then used this oil to light the menorah, and a witnessed a miracle, for this oil burned for 8 days, by which time fresh pure oil was pressed and delivered to the Temple..
Developers around jQuery are very active. At an hourly rate new plugins are brought up, that previously had not or not in this form been available. You can hardly keep track of the progress. There are big, disruptive projects, but lots more small helpers for various use-cases. We have dug up five of these little helpers for you.
Imageloader.js – Fast Preloading of Images
Imageloader.js finishes one common task flawlessly. You forward an array of image URLs to the the plugin. The plugin preloads it. Two callback functions allow for attaching some more application logic. You can react after successful upload or in the case of an error.
$(document).ready(function(){ $.imageloader({ urls: ['images/0.jpg', 'images/1.jpg', 'images/2.jpg', 'images/3.jpg'], onComplete: function(images){ // when load is complete }, onUpdate: function(ratio, image){ // ratio: the current ratio that has been loaded // image: the URL to the image that was just loaded }, onError: function(err){ // err: error message if images couldn't be loaded } }); });
Imageloader.js comes free of charge under MIT license.
### Jtwt.js – Show your Tweets on any Website via JSON
Jtwt.js allows for the display of the tweets of any given user on your website via access to Twitter's JSON API. A bundled CSS cares for a decent design that you can always customize to your own liking. The call is not overly complicated:
The definition of the display widget is handled using the class twitter :
Jtwt.js can be used for private and commercial projects alike, as long as attribution is granted (CC BY 3.0).
jQuery.notific8 – Notification Popups, inspired by Windows 8
Will Steinmetz likes the notification design of Windows 8. So he decided to rebuild the flatly designed notification popups as a jQuery plugin. And he did a pretty good job in doing so. A demo site for the product allows you to click through all available options and themes. The download is hosted on Github. Notific8 relies on design templates which are easy to create. That way, a flexible design is assured throughout one and the same website. A call with all options used looks like this:
$.notific8('My notification with all options.', { life: 5000, heading: 'Notification Heading', theme: 'amethyst', sticky: true, horizontalEdge: 'bottom', verticalEdge: 'left', zindex: 1500 });
Notific8 is published under a BSD license and can be used freely.
jui_dropdown – Dropdown Menus per Button and lots of ready-made designs
jui-dropdown by Christos Pontikis needs both jQuery and jQuery UI, consequently offering compatibility to jQuery UI themes. juidropdown produces not a lot more than a stylable button which opens a dropdown menu when clicked upon. Clicking it delivers an ID to be worked with. juidropdown carries an MIT license and can be used free of charge.
jQuery-menu-aim – Navigation for Mega-Dropdown-Menus
Dropdown navigation has an immanent problem. As soon as you hover out of an overlay, the menu closes. In navigations with a lot of levels and sub-levels this gets annoying rather sonner than later and leaves the user frustrated. Oftentimes developers address this problem working with timeouts and delays, which can get frustrating as soon. jquery-menu-aim offers a different approach. Instead of timeouts and delays, the plugin tries to recognize the mouse-movement. As soon as the user moves his mouse towards a sub-menu this gets opened and stays open as long as the user does not move the mouse in the back-direction towards the upper level menus.
Ben Kamens developed the plugin for Khan Academy, where the concept is in everyday use. He got inspired by Amazon.com. jQuery-menu-aim can be used free of charge and is available under a MIT-license.
Related Links
A jquery plugin for preloading images | Imageloader.js
A simple jQuery plugin for the Twitter JSON API | jtwt.js
Notification plugin, inspired by Windows 8 | jquery.notific8 | Github-Repo
Simple dropdown button menus, themable | jui_dropdown
Making responsive mega-dropdowns like Amazon's | jquery-menu-aim
Radiocarbon dates from fieldwork reports Done! View results
100% completed
This application asks contributors to search through UK archaeological fieldwork reports for mention of radiocarbon dates. Lists of such dates have become increasingly useful to researchers, above and beyond their immediate role in providing an absolute chronology for a particular archaeological site. Some people have used them to model the appearance or disappearance in human history of certain categories of historical monument more accurately, others to reconstruct past regional population highs and lows, others to consider patterns of climate change, and others to understand society's changing emphasis on different foodstuffs.
Over the last 25 years, there has been an explosion of archaeological fieldwork in advance of modern development projects (e.g. road building, house construction, retail outlets, train lines etc.). This has produced vast amounts of new evidence and a very large number of published reports about archaeological sites, including many that contain radiocarbon dates. However, until recently, these reports were not published in easily accessibly places and were thus far too numerous and too scattered for their findings to make it regularly into mainstream archaeological interpretations of the UK's human past. However, over the last decade, the Archaeology Data Service (in close cooperation with individual archaeological companies, county heritage environment record-keepers and Historic England) has been building up an open access library of tens of thousands of such development-led archaeological reports. In this project we seek to extract radiocarbon data from them, but in principle the same approach might allow us collectively to enhance the value of these reports in all sorts of other important ways.
For this particular project, we have already conducted a first check of the entire report library and identified those reports that are very likely to contain radiocarbon dates. We now ask for your help with searching inside a particular report and entering any dates you find into a database in a systematic way. As always, any such contributions will themselves also be made publicly available.
This project is on behalf of:
Find the code on GitHub
US-backed negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority are entering a critical period. With reports suggesting Israeli acceptance of the 1967 lines and land swaps, what about Palestinian concessions? Two issues are paramount: the 'right of return' and recognition of Israel as a Jewish state.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas recently stated, "Let me put it simply: the right of return is a personal decision. What does this mean? That neither the PA, nor the state, nor the PLO, nor Abu-Mazen [Abbas], nor any Palestinian or Arab leader has the right to deprive someone from his right to return."
This arch in the Aida Refugee Camp in Bethlehem features a giant key, symbolizing keys kept as mementos by many of the Palestinians who left their homes in 1948. (Image source: Reham Alhelsi/Flickr)
Jamil Mizer, a member of the political bureau of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) underscored the issue saying, "there is talk about the liquidation of the Palestinian refugee cause, the return of hundreds of thousands to the lands occupied in 1948, and the dismantling of the right of return of over six million Palestinian refugees in the camps, in exile and in the diaspora, who are waiting for their moment to return to the homes and lands from which they were expelled".
Palestinians, as well as other Arabs and supporters, rarely tire of pointing out that more 60 years after the creation of Israel, Palestinians remain 'refugees.' It is, or should be a commonplace to point out that this is by choice, since no Arab state besides Jordan grants Palestinians citizenship. In comparative terms, the fact is also that there are no remaining 'refugees' from the contemporary, vastly larger and more convulsive creation of India and Pakistan, nor of course from World War II.
Palestinian identity is synonymous with three things, the 'right of return,' the permanent, sanctified struggle with Israel, and permanent recognition of their status as refugees, dispossessed at the hand of Israel with the connivance of the international community. A corollary demand is that the international community must sustain them as 'refugees' through UNRWA until the Palestinians themselves, somehow, declare the 'refugee crisis' resolved.
Palestinian national identity is predicated on winning a zero sum struggle with Zionism, not a vision of a state of their own. There are sentimental images of restoring the status quo ante, an imaginary Arab Palestine of plenty; indeed, the 'right of return' is founded on the one hand precisely in such vague sentimentality, as well as inventive interpretations of ever-motile 'international law.' But clear proposals for a Palestinian state and its institutions, and how that state will be grounded in a society and with social, legal, and cultural principles, remains vague. Except, of course, from Hamas, whose Muslim Brotherhood-derived goals have been both articulated and, now, tested, in Gaza. In the meantime, however, the embrace of statelessness and trauma is unending.
Unwillingness to listen to what Palestinians say in Arabic (and often English), about their political demands or national identity, much less their attitudes towards Israelis, has long been one of the most puzzling features of American and European engagement with the Middle East. Abbas's defense of the 'right of return' is absolute, as is that of nearly every Palestinian politician and intellectual.
The 'right of return' is sometimes explained away as being symbolic rather than practical, an element of the Palestinian 'narrative' regarding the blameless circumstances of their diaspora. Israelis are demanded to accept both the narrative, in which they are the villains, and the possibility of the mass return of Palestinians that would, by design, end Israel as a Jewish state.
In contrast, the demand that Israel be recognized as a Jewish state would have no practical costs for Palestinians. But it would be acknowledgment of the character and permanence of Israel, and thus is rejected outright. This cannot be admitted, indeed, the entire thrust of Palestinian public culture, from education to summer camps to TV programming, relentlessly pushes the idea that Israel is temporary and illegitimate. Statements, such as the Palestinian Authority's Religious Affairs minister Mahmoud al-Habash's recent demand that "every inch" of the pre-1967 territory must be turned over by Israel, including the "Buraq Wall" – better known as the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest place – make deep impressions on Israelis. But they pass unnoticed by Kerry and his associates.
That these empirical facts appear not to have been factored into American peacemaking is astonishing. But the implications should be understood clearly; like Palestinian nationalism, their negotiation stance is contingent not on compromise but on struggle until victory. And the thrust of the Palestinian leadership is to be as uncompromising as possible, to keep public expectations uncompromising, and to trap future leaders and members of Palestinian society by making compromise with Israel treason.
With Arab nationalism, and nations, dissolving everywhere, it is both ironic and mysterious that the US is expending so much capital attempting to bring yet another such state into being. It failed to do so in Iraq, it abetted the dissolution of Libya and the convulsions in Egypt, and stands aside while Syria burns. And with Palestinian leaders all but stating outright that they have no plan but to struggle against Israel, the American task is Sisyphean.
Eminently sensible proposals regarding borders, Jewish communities in the West Bank and even Jerusalem are rendered irrelevant. No peace is possible until Palestinian society makes the compromise it has been unwilling to do for nearly a century, share the land. Until they do so, by their leaders giving up, however reluctantly, the 'right of return,' by declaring their struggle against Israel at an end, and by declaring that an independent Palestine means no Palestinian is a refugee, there will be no peace.
You don't need to know anything about the history of architecture to appreciate medieval cathedrals. They stand, worthy of regard, as independent works of art. But dig into the history of the cathedral, into the intention and design of the architects, and vistas of appreciation open for you. Medieval philosophy about light, proportion, number, and symbology permeate the cathedral structure, rendering it a building full of grander theological meaning than what is apparent to the uninformed observer. Like the cathedral, C.S. Lewis's Narnia books stand on their own with independent merit and beauty. In fact, until now, they have seemed to stand with a kind of strangely haphazard unity—all the books are about Narnia and Aslan, but little else seems to hold them together. Countless readers have appreciated them this way without troubling themselves too greatly over the organization of the septet. But now Michael Ward in his book Planet Narnia has uncovered what amounts to Lewis's architectural drawings for the Narnia books, exposing a hidden organization to these beloved stories.
What is that hidden organization? C.S. Lewis, medieval scholar that he was, designed each of the Narnia books in the image of one of the seven medieval planets: Jupiter, Mars, Sol (the sun), Luna (the moon), Mercury, Venus, and Saturn. Far from being a haphazard collection of children's books, the seven Narnia volumes instead are meditations on the seven medieval planets, built upon a highly sophisticated architectural substructure. Under Lewis's guidance the characteristics and ethics of those ancient ideas then invade, permeate, and flavor (if you will) the vision of Narnia unique to that book. Each volume, then, corresponds to one of those planets and contains within it characteristics and impressions from those planetary ‘influences.' Furthermore, within each the role of Aslan is particularly shaped so that he, as the Christ figure, is presented to us in such a way that he is enrobed in the ethos of the volume's governing planet.
How does this architecture play out? Consider for a moment The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe, which is probably the best known of the Narnia books. The governing planet for this volume is Jupiter, or Jove—king of planets, from whose name we derive the term “Joviality.” His influence on the book is manifold: primarily in that the climax of the story is the crowning of the four children on thrones in Cair Paravel—a kingly act for a book about the king of planets. But his influence is vaster than this. The arc of the story is about the end of winter and the arrival of spring—if you will, the death of Saturn (which is cold and wintry) and the arrival of Jove (which is spring-like and celebratory). With this exegetical key in hand, what was formerly one of the most out-of-place aspects of the story—that is, the arrival of Santa Claus bringing gifts—finally makes sense. Because, of course, we must remember that Father Christmas is a Jovial figure (in more ways than one), and that his arrival in the story symbolically typifies the struggle between Saturn/Winter and Jove/Spring.
It is possible that you may cry, “Coincidence!” But as Ward works through the seven books of Lewis's Narnia stories, this inner architecture becomes clearer and clearer. The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is the book about Sol (the sun). The very story is a journey toward the sun, within it the characters drink water that enables them to look into the sun, and the highlight of the story is the ‘undragoning' of Eustace—which we discover is a ‘solar' activity because Apollo, god of the sun, is known as the dragon slayer. The Magician's Nephew is the book of Venus, were Digory the boy must make a choice of love: will he choose the allure and power Queen Jadus, his love for his Mother, or his true love for Aslan (who, in that volume, represents true Venus, as generator of life)? Each volume is like this. And it is worth observing that Ward's research does not substantively change the Narnia books; rather, it enhances them—much like discovering hidden passageways and rooms in a house you thought you knew.
Ward's book is impressive, well researched, insightful, and compelling. It reflects a comprehensive study of Lewis's life and work as it plays out in the Narnia books. This substructure that Ward has identified is undoubtedly there. Furthermore, I would venture to say that once you see it, you cannot un-see it. As a result, Planet Narnia is a worthwhile read for anyone who is passionate both about Narnia and Lewis. But here I offer a caution. If you are merely interested in Narnia, you may find Ward's broader treatment of Lewis's thought and life daunting. It is, after all, a rather exhaustive assessment. But if you are interested in Lewis's work beyond the Narnia books, I think you will find in Ward's volume a handy guide to the thinking behind the man who invented Narnia. The book isn't perfect, of course. A few of Ward's planetary discussions could have made clearer connections, and his theorizing about the occasion of the Narniad was unconvincing. But the overwhelming impression of the book is one of wonderful, ground-breaking scholarship into the thinking of C.S. Lewis.
I can appreciate a cathedral without studying medieval architecture, but the experience is surely enhanced when I do. In the same way, while knowledge of Lewis's medieval, astrological architecture is unnecessary to the enjoyment of his Narnia books, knowing it only enhances the experience. Ward's book serves such an illuminating purpose, and Planet Narnia is an invaluable guide to any lover of Lewis's Narnia.
Indianapolis Colts head coach Chuck Pagano argues an unsportsman like conduct call in the second half of the game against the Bengals at Paul Brown Stadium on Sunday, December 8, 2013. The Colts lost 42-28 to the Bengals. (Photo: Matt Detrich/The Star)
INDIANAPOLIS — Colts coach Chuck Pagano isn't looking for an apology over Jeff Triplette's latest officiating controversy.
One day after the ref reversed a call on fourth-and-goal, giving the Bengals a touchdown at the end of the first half instead of giving the Colts a stop, Pagano said he was still waiting to hear from the NFL though he knows it won't change a thing.
Triplette made the change after he said the replay showed BenJarvus Green-Ellis was not touched after he stumbled to the ground short of the goal line — even though it appeared Colts nose tackle Josh Chapman tripped up Green-Ellis in the backfield.
Green-Ellis then bounced into the end zone.
ANATOMY OF A PLAY: Blown call costs the Colts in Cincy
COLTS INSIDER: Referee Jeff Triplette in his own (nonsensical) words
The Colts wound up losing 42-28 to the Bengals, a game that could have a significant impact on playoff seeding.
When asked if the admission of a mistake would make a difference, Pagano responded: "Still 14-0 at half, right? So, no."
After the game, Triplette told a pool reporter that he was only looking to see if Green-Ellis was touched down at the goal line and did not look to see whether Chapman caused the stumble. Chapman then celebrated the fourth-down stop.
Chapman insisted Sunday and again Monday that he got a hand on Green-Ellis' foot, causing him to trip. The running back acknowledged in a postgame interview that he felt his left foot get hit but wasn't sure if he tripped on his own.
The officials initially ruled Green-Ellis hit the ground short of the goal line, but Triplette reversed the call turning what was a 7-0 game with about 1 minute left in the first half into a 14-0 deficit for the Colts.
Indy then scored touchdowns on its first two series of the second half to get within 21-14.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Pagano immediately wanted an explanation.
"You always ask 'What'd you see?' So we had a conversation," Pagano said, explaining that Triplette "clarified things."
Pagano was unusually short with his answers, likely to avoid the potential of a fine from the league.
NFL spokesman Greg Aiello wrote in an email to The Associated Press that it was a "judgment call."
It's not the first time, Triplette has been involved in a controversy.
In 2011, he gave the improper recitation of overtime rules during a Chargers-Broncos game.
Last week, Triplette's crew had trouble getting the down and distance correct at the end of the Giants' win over Washington last week — something league officials later admitted was a mistake by the officiating crew.
"I guess it's just not a good week for those guys," Green-Ellis said. "I'm just happy that we get one in our favor. Man, we've had so many calls go against us in the opposite direction. So I'm happy to get one and that we got away with that one like that."
———
AP Sports Writer Joe Kay in Cincinnati contributed to this report.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lilly: "Hello?"
Hisao: "Hey Lilly."
Lilly: "Oh Hisao. How nice of you to call!"
Hisao: "Yeah. It's nice to talk."
Lilly: "How's your summer been?"
Hisao: "Nice. Hanako took me on a trip with her."
Lilly: "Oh really? To Kyoto right?"
Hisao: "Yeah. Wish you could be with us."
Lilly: "Yeah. Unfortunately I'm unable to be there. But it's nice to see family."
Hisao: "Speaking of which....Hanako said you're moving or something..."
Lilly: "...Well...yes...I might not come back."
Hisao: "Really? Why not."
Lilly: "I....I wanted to be with my family. I just need to reconnect."
Hisao: "Well why didn't you tell me?"
Lilly: "I..I honestly thought I did."
Hisao: "I thought we were friends. I mean I don't feel like your friend when you can't even member me."
Lilly: "Of course I remember you!"
Hisao: "Well why didn't you tell me?"
Lilly: "I didn't know how to tell you."
Hisao: "So you expected me to just find out when you stopped showing up."
Lilly: "No....I just wasn't sure how to say it."
Hisao: "You told Hanako. If you have a problem with me, just say it."
Lilly: "I..I didn't want to break it to you. I didn't want to see you sad."
Hisao: "Oh please. Really? You could tell your best friend Hanako, but you couldn't tell me? All you had to do is say it."
Lilly: "I wanted to...but I kept putting it off until it was too late. I didn't want you to be upset."
Hisao: "And you're just flying to another country and expecting me to find out you weren't coming back isn't going to upset me?"
Lilly: "I'm sorry. I really didn't mean for you to find out this way."
Hisao: "How am I supposed to believe that?"
Lilly: "What?"
Hisao: "How am I supposed to believe that you didn't want me to find out this way. Hanako seemed to want to keep it a secret. She was reluctant to tell me."
Lilly: "I-I can't..believe this! Are you honestly accusing me of covering it up?"
Hisao: "How can I trust you? This isn't something that can just leave your mind and forget about. If it was, then you wouldn't care enough to avoid upsetting me. You were trying to hide this from me! You didn't even ask me to carry you're luggage."
Lilly: "Hisao! You're my friend! I can't believe you feel this way! I didn't get you to move luggage because of your heart problem-"
Hisao: "What else am I supposed to think? How can I trust someone who will just get up and leave whenever she wants. How can I trust someone who will leave my life without even saying a word? You could at least tell me why your leaving. One minute we're having lunch together, and that's the last time I'll see you. I mean did I ever mean anything to you if you just go away and leave me behind? Did I mean anything in the first place? It doesn't make any sense! How could you call yourself a friend?! One minute you're visiting me in the hospital, and then you stop coming?! And then you don't say a word until a few months later when I can't even see you?! Is that what you were planning?! I can't ever love someone like that!"
Lilly: "H-Hisao?"
Whoops. This is why I shouldn't talk to people. Ms. Yumi would be overjoyed by my Freudian slip. What exactly did I mean when I said that? What was Lilly to me? A friend...or something else. There were times where I thought about Lilly in special ways...but I always dismissed them as intrusive thoughts of a perverted teenage mind. Did I make her something else to me? A replacement? I'm no expert, but I think this is what people mean by projecting onto others. Maybe this is why I was so upset. There's a long silence over the phone.
Hisao: "Um...I...."
Lilly: "What id you mean by the last part."
Hisao: "There was this girl....she was my girlfriend.....and she drifted away-"
The line ends. I put my phone away and think about how hard I'll be regretting my decision to call Lilly. Talk about taking a turn for the worst. What was going through her mind when she heard what I said? Was she angry or sad? She was definitely shocked and overwhelmed. Fuck. I bet she's glad she moved away to Scotland, now she's away from me. Should I even apologize? Would she even pick up the phone? Combined with the costs of long distance calls, it's not worth it.
......
Today we are going back to Yamaku. Fortunately, the train ride doesn't start that early. Naomi and Hanako wake up and change. Because I'm the "boy" I have to leave the room. I suggested showering while they change, but Naomi said they didn't trust me naked in another room. I guess I'll shower back at Yamaku. I step out of the room into the hall. I wonder what I'll do for the rest of the break. I guess there's still Hanako. We can read...study together. Lilly won't be there though, but still we could do something. Hopefully her absence won't affect me and Hanako's time together. We can graduate together at least.
We board the train impatiently waiting for our seats. We sit down and wait for the train to ride back. Once again, Hanako reads, Naomi sketches, and this time I look out the window. At first I think about our trip. The golden Pavilion, Manga museum, eating with Hanako. Pretty nice trip, though the revelation of Lilly not coming back was a little stressful. And that transitions me to Lilly. Man, it's crazy how bad things turned in that phone call. Part of me wonders what I really felt about Lilly. Why did I get so mad?
I try to read a book, but my mind keeps wondering. My mind can't comprehend how Yamaku will be without Lilly. It occurs to me that she won't be there to graduate. It's hard to imagine. Yamaku just won;t be the same. I'm snapped out of my thoughts by Hanako tugging at my sleeve. It's lunch time, and carts of food are being pushed through the aisles.
Hanako: "W-want something?"
Hisao: "I'll just have a soda and a sandwich."
We get our food and give some money. Naomi and Hanako both get some soup. Finally they put down their books....for food.
Hisao: "Food isn't bad."
Hanako: "This soups p-pretty good."
Naomi: "Yeah. at least it's not Yamaku food."
Hisao: "Oh god it's gonna be a rough transition."
Naomi: "Yeah. Going from being in Kyoto back the school on top of a hill."
Hisao: "It's not going to be the same..."
Naomi: "Why do you say that?"
Hisao: "Our friend Lilly moved."
Naomi: "Satou? She moved?"
Hisao: "Yeah."
Naomi: "Oh...well there's me...."
Her comment doesn't spark a reaction to me or Hanako.
Naomi: "Well don't feel so bad....you can call her."
Hanako: "Sh-she's long distance...."
Naomi: "Oh...that's actually not a problem."
Hisao: "Why not?"
Naomi: "Social Media....Just tell her to make an account on the same website. Most sites have a chat function."
Hisao: "Really...interesting..."
Naomi: "You can add family members too. Pretty much anyone."
Hanako: "I-including you..."
Naomi: "As long as we both have an account, we can stay in touch! Just choose a popular site because more people will have accounts."
.....
We arrived at Yamaku around the evening. I showered and unpacked. By the time I was finished, it was around 6pm. I was hungry and bored. I decided to find Hanako for dinner. We decided to go to Shang Hai, it's nostalgic after all. We walk there without a word, though with Hanako, that doesn't mean much. We arrive and Yuuko treats us to a table.
Yuuko: "Hey, did you guys go on vacation?"
Hisao: "Yeah. Kyoto."
Yuuko: "Did you see the Manga Museum?"
Hisao: "Yeah. There was so much content."
Yuuko takes our order. We are unsurprisingly silent, though it's different this time. This silence feels like the type at a funeral. Hanako seems melancholic. Not sad, just robbed of joy.
Hisao: "Are you thinking about her?"
Hanako: "Yeah..."
Hisao: "Maybe we could use that social media Naomi was talking about."
Hanako: "That would b-be good. W-what site?"
Hisao: "Don't know yet..."
Hanako: "a-are you mad at her?"
Hisao: "...not really."
Hanako: "W-we went here for the f-first time two y-years ago."
Hisao: "Really?"
Hanako: "Sh-she was with Akira...."
Hisao: "What did you think about her?"
Hanako: "S-she was really n-nice. S-she became a good friend... "
Yuuko interrupts our reflection with food. We finish rather quickly and Yuuko gives us our check.
Hisao: "Hey Yuuko...is this place hiring?"
Yuuko: "Oh yes...we have a dish washer position open."
Hisao: "Can I get an application?"
Hanako: "You w-want a j-job?"
Hisao: "Yeah....some spending money you know. For tomorrow."
Hanako: "Tomorrow?"
Hisao: "Yeah. It's summer. Nothing else to do except go to the city and buy stuff."
Chipotle Mexican Grill said on Thursday that it had fired a substantial number of the 1,200 employees at its 50 Minnesota restaurants after a federal immigration audit found some were illegal workers.
The circumstances of the firings, which began in early December, sparked a protest by several dozen people around noon on Thursday at a downtown Minneapolis Chipotle restaurant. Minneapolis police arrested eight participants after they chained themselves together inside the restaurant. They were cited for trespassing.
Denver-based Chipotle would not disclose how many Minnesota workers were fired. Protesters said the number was 700. The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) office, which conducted the Chipotle worker audit, declined to comment. However, a source said the number of Minnesota employees fired was closer to 350. Chipotle has apparently replaced the terminated employees. Its Minnesota employment was 1,200 both before and after the firings, said spokesman Chris Arnold.
The protesters didn't claim that all the fired employees were legal U.S. workers, but they did assert that the workers were fired without much explanation and without being given time to provide documents proving they were legal U.S. workers. They also claimed that fired workers had to endure delays in being paid. The claims, if true, would appear to be violations of Minnesota's labor laws.
Chipotle responded that accused workers were given one-on-one opportunities to provide documents that could prove they were legally able to work in the United States. If they couldn't, they were fired in accordance with U.S. law, Arnold said, adding that pay and accumulated vacation time were paid promptly.
The investigation of Chipotle began several months ago, Arnold said, when ICE asked to see work eligibility documents. The company was not told why it was singled out for review. ICE then provided Chipotle with a list of employees whose documents might be invalid, he said.
Chipotle tries to screen new employees, but some provide false documents showing they are eligible workers, Arnold said. In cases where employees insist they have the proper documents, Chipotle has sought to give them extra time to produce the identification, he said.
"We have asked ICE whether they would allow a 90-day period to resolve discrepancies, and they have told us that they absolutely would not," Arnold said.
One of the protest organizers, Greg Nammacher, secretary-treasurer of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU), Local 26 in St. Paul, said the purpose of the demonstration was "to send a message to corporations that they can't sell Mexican culture and Mexican food and sell out Mexican workers." None of the Chipotle workers are represented by his union.
Although Nammacher said it was one of the largest immigration-related dismissals in his experience, about 1,250 janitors in the Twin Cities lost their jobs in November 2009 after federal officials challenged their immigration status.
A meeting was held two weeks ago between Chipotle and SEIU and others representing fired workers. Both sides said no agreement was reached.
Nammacher said that while Chipotle is not allowed to employ illegal workers, the workers deserved more humane treatment than they received.
"Companies all over this country are using immigrant labor, and then, when the government shines a light on those employees, the companies wash their hands of them," Nammacher said. He added that he was not accusing Chipotle or other companies of deliberately employing illegal workers.
Some of the employees participating in Thursday's protest said they'd had a long tenure with Chipotle.
Maria Cortez of Minneapolis said she has lived in Minnesota 14 years and spent the past six working at a Chipotle restaurant near Lake Calhoun. One day in early December, she and 12 other workers were fired as part of the first wave of terminations. Cortez was told she lacked the legal status to work there, but was not given a chance to show her Minnesota driver's license. (Federal rules say a driver's license alone is not sufficient proof of legal status.)
Juan Peres of Minneapolis said he was fired after working for five years at the Lake Calhoun restaurant. But he declined to say whether he was a legal worker, citing an ongoing investigation of him.
Steve Alexander • 612-673-4553
From left, Sens, John Barrasso of Wyoming, John Cornyn of Texas and Thom Tillis of North Carolina hold a news conference Thursday on the Republican plan forward on border security. | John Shinkle/POLITICO $15 billion border bill wouldn't fund a wall Trump's call for a border wall has faced a stiff resistance in Congress.
President Donald Trump's border wall is continuing to crumble, at least on Capitol Hill.
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) and three other Senate Republicans rolled out legislation on Thursday making it clear that, in their view, a stand-alone wall running the length of the U.S.-Mexico border — a core Trump campaign promise — isn't the answer.
Story Continued Below
The legislation, called Building America's Trust Act, would allot $15 billion over four years for what its backers call “smart, multi-layered infrastructure” along the southern border. That may include a wall, fence, levees, technology or other barriers, according to a summary of the bill.
“The Border Patrol, in particular, risk their lives every day to keep us safe," Cornyn said at a news conference announcing the plan. "It's really inexcusable that they don't have either the policies in place or the resources to get that done.”
Trump's call for a border wall has faced a stiff resistance in Congress, with Democrats opposing the idea and border-state Republicans uneager to accommodate a demand that could wreak havoc on communities and commerce along the border.
But Trump may still insist that funding for the border wall be included in any must-pass government spending measure due by the end of September, provoking a potential government shutdown. The House last week passed a defense spending package that included money to build about 70 miles of barriers along the southern border, which Republican leaders called a “down payment” for a border wall.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Other chief Republican sponsors of the Senate bill include Sens. John Barrasso of Wyoming, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Thom Tillis of North Carolina, all of whom joined Cornyn on Thursday at the press event.
Cornyn said the lawmakers sought input from federal officials to craft the measure. “We worked very closely with the Department of Homeland Security to get both substantive and technical suggestions, and this bill incorporates that,” he said.
The Texas Republican stopped short of saying Trump backs the measure, but he sounded optimistic. “With this president in the White House, we think we have an ally who will help us,” he said.
DHS spokesman David Lapan did not comment on the Cornyn bill directly, but said the department "supports enhanced border security and looks forward to working with Congress as specific legislation is introduced.” The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The proposal has already been endorsed by the National Border Patrol Council, Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association and the Southwest Border Sheriffs Coalition, among other law enforcement organizations.
It would boost resources for ports of entry along the border while increasing the number of Border Patrol and immigration officers.
Cornyn fielded several questions Thursday about the president's campaign promise to have Mexico pay for a border wall.
“We're used to Congress appropriating the money," Cornyn said. "We'll leave it to the president and his plan for how we recoup that at some point.”
The Senate majority whip also blurred the line between a "wall" and the mix of border security measures outlined in his legislation.
“The idea of physical infrastructure or walls is not novel," he said, pointing to a photo of a bollard-style fence with a concrete base. "President Trump didn't dream that up.”
In addition to border infrastructure, the bill would tackle interior enforcement and aim to pressure so-called sanctuary cities to cooperate with federal immigration officials.
To discourage repeat border crossers, the legislation would incorporate Kate's Law, a measure that would increase penalties for immigrants who re-enter the country after a deportation.
At the news conference, Tillis argued that immigrant advocates should also favor the type of border security laid out in their bill, the text of which was expected to become available later in the day.
“If you're against the wall, if you're in the group of people that think we need bridges not borders," the senator said, "think of the humanitarian crisis that will continue if we don't increase situational awareness and operational control down there.”
Canadians burdened by large mortgages and record consumer debt-to-income ratios can likely breathe a sigh of relief this week as they wait to see whether the Bank of Canada raises rates again.
Of course, following the last rate hike that came as a bolt from the blue, one can never be sure.
And while most of the recent data tells us the Canadian economy has gone off the kind of boil that would make rate hikes mandatory, there is at least one statistic that indicates the central bank's long-term prediction of higher inflation is still on track.
"Inflation models for sure are not broken," Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz said in Washington last weekend.
So far the bank's data shows the economy still has room to grow without bidding up the available supply of labour and capital. That difference between current growth and the economy's capacity is called the output gap.
In fact, Poloz said, rather than closing that gap, the Canadian economy seems to be expanding its capacity by doing things like educating more young people and improving public and private infrastructure.
Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz takes part in the first ministers meeting in Ottawa earlier this month. On Wednesday, he'll offer his latest look at monetary policy. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press)
"It's good because it's the sweet part of the cycle," the governor said. "It's where you're actually creating new capacity, which is permanent, so it's a very positive thing."
​According to the Bank of Canada's survey of business sentiment released last week, the Canadian economy is not too hot and not too cold. That's sometimes referred to as a Goldilocks economy, taking its name from the children's story where a little girl tastes all the bowls of porridge until she finds the one that's just right.
No longer smoking hot
Without reading too deeply into values that allow a self-entitled blond-haired child to break into the rural home of a family of trusting bears while they are out for a short walk, a Goldilocks economy is seen as a good thing.
The survey of business leaders showed the economy was no longer smoking hot. Nonetheless, they remained optimistic as overseas orders were strong and sales were growing. Businesses were still planning more spending on expansion and were not overly worried about the impact of a trade dispute with the U.S.
Businesses report it's difficult to find workers, and with last week's announcement of new jobs from online retailer Shopify and Google parent Alphabet's new project on the Toronto waterfront, that's likely to continue.
Last week's manufacturing data was strong based on vehicle parts and higher fossil fuel prices, but other stats showed a moderate or cooling economy. Retail sales weakened.
It's just gas
Friday's inflation figures showed prices were rising faster, up to 1.6 per cent in September compared to 1.4 per cent the previous month.
That's getting closer to the Bank of Canada's two per cent annual inflation target, but as Statistics Canada said in the second line of its release, the increase was almost entirely due to the price of gasoline driven higher by the hurricanes that hit the southern U.S. in late August and September.
Gasoline prices soared in the wake of Hurricane Harvey and its destruction in Texas. (Michael Charles Cole/CBC)
The rise masked plunging costs for clothing, shoes and furniture as the loonie took flight.
"The all-items CPI excluding gasoline" rose 1.1 per cent year over year in September, the report says.
But that relatively low inflation figure, obtained by leaving out gasoline, harks back to an outmoded measure of underlying inflation, the so-called core.
As explained in a column earlier this year, three fancy new core measures are supposed to give a far more accurate reading, and a look at that section of the report is less reassuring that interest rates will stay low.
Inflation rising
Over the past four months, all three of those core measures have been quite consistently creeping up, with "CPI-median," the measure that samples prices of the least volatile goods and services, showing a steady rise from 1.5 to 1.8 per cent.
Tomorrow, the embattled federal finance minister, Bill Morneau, is expected to release his fall economic statement, sometimes called the autumn mini-budget, and the CBC political bureau reports the news is expected to be optimistic.
With fences to mend, and with revenue up and the deficit down, Morneau may be tempted into more spending promises that would put upward pressure on future inflation that Poloz will eventually have to quell with higher rates.
But for now, it's time to eat up your porridge and enjoy the Goldilocks economy. And maybe even have a little nap before the bears come back.
Follow Don on Twitter @don_pittis
More analysis from Don Pittis
Mike Segar / Reuters Donald Trump waves to supporters as he makes an appearance in the lobby at Trump Tower in New York on Jan. 13.
President Donald Trump and his flurry of falsehoods continues with yet another lie.
According to a recent report from Forbes, the president lied about the size of his penthouse in a previous interview with the outlet in 2016. He told Forbes that his penthouse at Trump Tower spanned 33,000 square feet over three floors and cost $200 million. He admitted that he once leased a “little section” to a neighbor, but forgot to admit he shares the space with someone else.
Forbes uncovered New York City records that show Trump's penthouse space is actually around 10,996 square feet. He also shares two of the floors with longtime neighbor Joel R. Anderson, who takes up 3,368 square feet.
Eduardo Munoz / Reuters Trump Tower in NYC.
Eduardo Munoz / Reuters Trump's penthouse was decorated by Angelo Donghia in the early '80s, according to an Architectural Digest feature on his home. To this day, its covered in gold-leaf, brass and bronze to give the property its gilded tower feel.
The outlet estimates that the rest of Trump's supposed square footage comes from shared spaces ― like hallways, elevators and mechanical spaces ― that are probably shared with other residents of the building. Perhaps the biggest blow to Trump's ego is the price Forbes put on his penthouse ― a measly $64 million.
This isn't the first time Trump has bragged about the size of his assets. In March of last year, the president boasted about the size of his penis during a Republican presidential debate.
Though Trump's lie about his penthouse may seem small in the relative context of things, it exhibits the president's tendency to lie about the little things (even when there is proof he's wrong). Trump has exaggerated the truth on a number of occasions, from the size of his inauguration crowd to the idea that he didn't support the war in Iraq.
Sydney nurse who took explicit photo of patient under anaesthetic still practising in NSW
Updated
Sydney school teacher Breanna (not her real name) checked into a private hospital for routine gynaecological surgery late last year and a few days later, the surgeon rang with the good news that she did not have cancer.
But the doctor from Norwest Private Hospital in Sydney's north-west had another bombshell.
She told Breanna one of the nurses had taken an explicit photo of her while she was under anaesthetic.
"I felt like my world was exploding. I felt I was in great peril that this photo was going to destroy my life, my career and that my son would find out," she said.
But what has made her really angry is that there is little she can do to stop it happening to others.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au.
A 'serious invasion' of privacy
What has made Breanna really angry is that there is little she can do to stop it happening to others.
In New South Wales, there is no law protecting patients from having similar photos taken.
"I am an information technology teacher. I know how bad it could get and that the photo could have ended up on the internet and being shared," she told the ABC.
"The photo was explicit and left nothing to the imagination."
I am a larger woman. To me, it's obvious she took it to make fun of fat people. Breanna
Under section 91 L of the Crimes Act, it is an offence to photograph or film someone's private parts for the purpose of obtaining, or enabling another person to obtain sexual arousal or sexual gratification.
But that was not the case in this circumstance.
Breanna's lawyer, Fiona McLay from Harris Freidman, said there is a serious gap in NSW criminal law.
"Breanna is genuinely concerned that no other patient suffer a similar indignity," she said.
"The law in NSW needs to brought in line with the law in Victoria and Queensland where it is an offence to take a photo of someone's genitals without their consent, in circumstances where they could reasonably expect to be afforded privacy."
The photo was shown to two other nurses in the recovery room, who alerted hospital management.
New South Wales privacy commissioner Dr Elizabeth Coombs said she was deeply concerned by what she called a "serious invasion" of privacy.
"As privacy commissioner, I think people of New South Wales deserve to have their privacy protected, and have a means to get redress when a serious invasion has occurred," she said.
Nurse still practising without restrictions
The nurse was sacked from Norwest private hospital and her behaviour referred to the Nursing and Midwifery Council of New South Wales.
It found she had "expressed sincere apologies and remorse for her actions, displayed the requisite degree of insight and level of contrition and has taken steps to improve her practice".
But the nurse is still practising without restrictions or supervision.
"She now works in another operating theatre in a private hospital in Sydney," Breanna said.
A spokesman for the hospital said it deeply regretted the incident, which was investigated by the hospital executive and the patient's doctor.
"The rogue actions of the nurse were a one-off occurrence in the hospital," a hospital spokesman said.
"The nurse's colleagues, recognising the abhorrent behaviour, followed the hospital's policy and quickly escalated the incident to the hospital executive team."
Breanna is not seeking financial compensation but is disappointed by the hospital's actions.
"The hospital has a clear patient's bill of rights but they haven't done the right thing," she said.
"They should have accessed the phone and ensured that the image was deleted as soon as possible."
The hospital said it offered her support after the incident and that phones and cameras are banned from operating theatres.
But Breanna is frustrated the nurse cannot be charged with a criminal offence.
"I just want to see laws changed so this doesn't happen to any other patients," she said.
Eventually, the nurse agreed to hand over the phone and provide a statutory declaration that the intimate image had been deleted.
The reasons why the nurse took the photo remain unclear.
But Breanna has her suspicions.
"I am a larger woman. To me, it's obvious she took it to make fun of fat people," she said.
Breanna unable to function from stress
Since finding out about the explicit photo, the stress has meant Breanna has been unable to function properly.
She has had to temporarily give up her job as a school teacher.
On the day of her operation, she made small talk with the nurse who took the photo, before going under the anaesthetic.
"She told me she lived in the same area as I do and that she had school-aged kids. So I was worried that I would bump into her somewhere," she said.
The NSW Upper House standing committee on law and justice is currently investigating serious breaches of privacy.
It will look at whether existing laws are sufficient to protect people's privacy.
A spokesman for NSW Attorney-General Gabrielle Upton said the Government was keeping a close watch on the inquiry.
"The NSW Government awaits the findings of the inquiry and will consider any recommendations carefully," she said.
Breanna has made a confidential submission to the inquiry.
She hopes by making her story public she can get laws amended so other patients will not undergo the same fate.
Topics: medical-ethics, medical-procedures, womens-health, law-crime-and-justice, health, sydney-2000, nsw
First posted
When Mughal emperor Akbar invited Portuguese Jesuits from Goa to his court in 1579, they were elated. Converting Akbar to Christianity would be their biggest achievement outside the European world.They sent excited reports back to their home country, saying that India's largest empire would soon be a part of the Christian world.As it turned out, Akbar had other ideas. His court was in the midst of intense inter-religious discussions. At the time the Jesuits were sharing their art and discussing the Bible with scholars in the court, others were being directed to translate hundreds of Sanskrit and Arabic texts, including the Ramayana , into Persian.
Mughal Emperor Akbar holds a religious assembly in the Ibadat Khana in Fatehpur Sikri; the two men dressed in black are the Jesuit missionaries Rodolfo Acquaviva and Francisco Henriques, c. 1605. Photo credit: Wikimedia Commons.
Akbar directed court artists to use Christian imagery for his own royal propaganda but refused to commit any further.
The presentation of the infant Jesus in the temple at Jerusalem, 40 days after his birth, c. 1600-1610. Possibly painted in Bijapur. Photo credit: Victoria and Albert Museum.
Christian iconography is unusually adaptive. When Christianity reached China, the Chinese portrayed Jesus Christ as one of their own. It's no wonder that Christ was Indianised when the Jesuits first came to India. But as artists, particularly four in Akbar and Jehangir's reign, learned from and adapted to Western styles, their depictions of Christ and Mary became steadily more European.If you do not look closely, some of the most striking Mughal art between 1580 and 1630 could be mistaken for belonging to European schools of art.
Mother and Child with a White Cat. Attributed to Manohar (active ca. 1582–1624) or Basawan. Photo credit: The San Diego Museum of Art.
Virgin and Child, c. 1625. Photo credit: Caravaggista.
Christian stories were also not entirely alien to the Mughals. Ninety verses of the Koran deal with Jesus and the Prophet Muhammad is said to have allowed the portraits of Jesus and Mary to be preserved when he ordered all other idolatrous images to be destroyed in the Kaaba.Jesus was also popular among the Sufis as a sort of hermetic ascetic. Given Akbar's strong endorsement of the Sufis, it is not surprising that the two figures were then steadily incorporated into royal commissions.Akbar's son Prince Salim, who would later become Jehangir, also did the same. Unlike his father, who encouraged depictions of Jesus and other saints in secular, royal and religious settings inspired only partly by European art, Jehangir seems to have insisted on a more strictly European approach, at least the saints.Even so, propaganda is not to be sniffed at. One painting shows Jehangir as ruler of the world atop another image of Christ holding a cross. Another pair, also of Jehangir, shows him holding an image of his father Akbar and his spiritual mother, Mary.
Jehangir and Jesus. Hashim, Jehangir, c. 1615-1620. Abu'l-Hasan. Photo credit: Chester Beatty Library, Dublin.
If the Jesuits still retained any hope of converting either emperor, a painting by Bichitr would have snuffed that out. The painting, adorned with naked and clothed European cherubs shows Jehangir snubbing King James I and VI of England in favour of a Sufi sheikh.
Jehangir Preferring a Sufi Shaikh to Kings, from the St. Petersburg album, c. 1615-1618. Bichitr. Photo credit: Freer Gallery of Art.
The influence of European art on Mughal miniatures continued well after Akbar and Jehangir, even in paintings that did not directly reference Christ. One of the later examples of this comes around a century later. The Birth of Christ with its title written in English is now at the National Museum in Delhi.
The Birth of Christ. Mid 18th century, late Mughal, Muhammad Shah period. Photo credit: National Museum, New Delhi.
A Tennessee House committee on Monday approved legislation that would require welfare applicants to undergo a drug screening before receiving benefits, according to the Associated Press.
The bill's sponsor, Republican Rep. Julia Hurley, rejected an amendment that would require lawmakers in the state to undergo a similar analysis.
The legislation requires applicants for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program — which helps poor families with children pay for living expenses such as rent, heat, utilities and personal care items — to undergo a drug screening. Those who test positive for an illegal substance would be unable to claim benefits for 6 months, unless they agree to receive addiction treatment.
Tennessee lawmakers amended the original bill after the state's attorney general said it could violate applicants constitutional rights. Under the amended version, applicants would be given a drug screening and only those suspected of abusing illegal drugs would be required to take a drug test.
However, the Tennessee Department of Human Services said the proposed law could still face legal challenges.
Republican state lawmakers across the nation have pushed to drug test welfare applicants. Florida, Arizona, Utah, Georgia and Missouri have approved laws requiring low-income parents seeking federal assistance to pass a drug test.
Michigan previously tried to implement a welfare drug testing law, but it was struck down as unconstitutional by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit in 2003.
U.S. District Court Judge Victoria Roberts held that the rationale behind drug testing welfare recipients “could be used for testing the parents of all children who received Medicaid, State Emergency Relief, educational grants or loans, public education or any other benefit from that State.”
[Urinalysis test via Shutterstock]
“Heavy to very heavy rainfall will occur at a few places with isolated extremely heavy falls over Gangetic West Bengal today and tomorrow,” MeT said. (Pic used for representation only)
A deep depression over northeast Bay of Bengal today intensified into cyclonic storm ‘Komen', with the MeT department forecasting heavy to very heavy rains with isolated extremely heavy rains in Gangetic West Bengal. Komen, which lies centred at about 95 km south­southwest of Chittagong in Bangladesh and about 300 km east­southeast of Kolkata, would move northwards and cross Bangladesh Coast by this afternoon, the Met department said.
[related-post]
Advertising
“After landfall, it will move west­northwestwards and weaken gradually,” it said. “Heavy to very heavy rainfall will occur at a few places with isolated extremely heavy falls over Gangetic West Bengal today and tomorrow,” the Met office said.
Wind speed reaching 65­75 kmph gusting to 85 kmph would prevail along and off West Bengal and north Odisha Coasts, it said.
“Sea conditions will be very rough over north Bay of Bengal.
“Fishermen are advised not to venture into the sea along and off West Bengal and north Odisha coasts,” it said.
In view of the situation, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has cut short her visit to the UK by a day and is coming back to Kolkata by this evening.
The state government has sounded a high alert in all South Bengal districts and has taken necessary precautionary measures to deal with situations arising out of the cyclone.
Advertising
The metropolis is also likely to be hit by the cyclone and the civic authorities have made necessary arrangements to deal with flooding of streets and low-lying areas in the city.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201709/3259/1155968404_5593222282001_5593215894001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true San Juan mayor hits back at Elaine Duke: ‘This is not a good-news story. This is a people-are-dying story.'
The mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico, lashed out at acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke's comment that the Hurricane Maria relief efforts are a "good-news story," saying, that in reality, it's a "people-are-dying story."
Speaking outside the White House on Thursday, Duke said she is “very satisfied” with efforts to aid Puerto Rico in the wake of Maria, which devastated the island and has created a humanitarian crisis. Duke said, “It is really a good-news story,” an assessment that prompted San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz's strong rebuttal.
Story Continued Below
“Well, maybe from where she's standing, it's a good-news story. When you're drinking from a creek, it's not a good-news story. When you don't have food for a baby, it's not a good-news story,” Cruz told CNN's “New Day,” referring to the plight of Puerto Ricans, many of whom have received little or no aid thus far. “When you have to pull people down from their buildings — I'm sorry, but that really upsets me and frustrates me. You know, I would ask her to come down here and visit the towns, and then make a statement like that, which frankly, it is an irresponsible statement.
“Damn it, this is not a good-news story. This is a people-are-dying story. This is a life-or-death story. This is a 'there's-a-truck-load-of-stuff-that-cannot-be-taken-to-people story.' This is a story of a devastation that continues to worsen because people are not getting food and water,” she continued. “It is not a good-news story when people are dying, when they don't have dialysis, when their generators aren't working and their oxygen isn't providing for them. Where is there good news here? ... I'm really sorry, but you know when you have people out there dying, literally, scraping for food, where is the good news?”
Duke, at a press conference Friday in San Juan, sought to clarify her Thursday remarks without directly addressing her "good news" assessment.
"I was asked if I was happy and satisfied with the recovery. I am proud of the work that's being done.I am proud of Americans helping Americans, friends and strangers alike," she said, acknowledging that the reality on the ground in Puerto Rico "is not satisfactory."
Cruz said earlier on Friday that the issue has not been a lack of supplies but an inability to deal with the logistics of distributing aid on an island that is still largely without power and supplying it to Puerto Rico's more rural areas. The mayor said San Juan had received three pallets of water — slightly more than 4,000 bottles for a population of roughly 350,000 people — as well as four pallets of food and 12 pallets of baby food and supplies.
The situation in other parts of the island are even more dire, Cruz said, relaying her interaction with another Puerto Rican mayor, who said his residents had no food, no medicine, had not yet received any aid and were drinking from the same creek they were using to wash themselves and their clothes. Nursing homes must be a priority, she said, because they “are becoming just human cages for people that are sick and unable to fend for themselves.”
Cruz was clear that she remains appreciative of the federal government teams that have arrived on the island to help but that those teams have thus far been insufficient to overcome the logistical hurdles presented by the island.
Despite what Cruz relayed as the realities on the ground in Puerto Rico, President Donald Trump has praised the work of his administration in responding to the needs of the devastated island, writing on Twitter Friday morning that “Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: ‘The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered.'” Cruz, too, said she had been in contact with the White House, but made a personal appeal to Trump to do more.
“I know the FEMA people are working hard and they're doing their best, so this is a message for President Trump, thank you for calling San Juan yesterday and listening for our mayday call,” the mayor said. “But sir, there are 77 other towns that are waiting. They're waiting anxiously and will be very grateful to you and to the American people if you continue to step up to the moral imperative that you've taken on all over the world to help those in need. So help us.”
“Again, Mr. Trump, we appreciate everything you are doing and we know it can be done faster,” she added just before her interview ended. “Help us save lives. We will be forever grateful.”
Optional Ham Radio License Manual The ARRL Ham Radio License Manual has all you need to get your first ham license and become an Amateur Radio Operator! It's the official ARRL license manual for the study and preparation of the Level 1 Technician License exam. New Third Edition!
Add the ARRL Ham Radio License Manual to your Ham Radio Starter Kit and save!
Videos
Wouxun KG-UV920P-A Features 999 Memory Channels
Dual Band
144-148MHz (TX) / 136-174MHz (RX) VHF Frequencies
420-450MHZ (TX) / 420-520MHz (RX) UHF Frequencies
Repeater Capable
Full Duplex Cross-Band and Cross-Band Repeater
8 Group Scramblers
40W/50W Transmit Power
FM Radio
Memory Channel
Channel Scan
Priority Scan
Dual Watch
Busy Channel Lockout
Full Duplex Cross Band and Cross Band Repeater
CTCSS/DCS Encode/Decode
CTCSS/DCS Tone Scan
Selectable 3 Color Backlit LCD Display
Backlit Keypad
Channel Name Edit and Display
Battery Meter
Minimum Operating Voltage Alarm
Power Saver
Auto Power Off
Timeout Timer
Keypad Lock
Audible Button Beeps
Voice Promps
Dual 3.5mm Speaker Ports
Cloning Capable
PC Programmable (Requires Optional Cable)
Dual Speaker and Dual Output
Backlit DTMF Hand Microphone With Speaker
Cooling Fan
Remote Front Panel Installation Option
DTMF Encoding and Decoding
Stun and Kill Function
Reset
One Year Manufacturer Warranty
Included with the Wouxun KG-UV920P-A Ham Radio Starter Kit Wouxun KG-UV920P-A Dual Band Base/Mobile Two Way Radio
Hand Microphone
Inclined Switchboard Panel (Already Installed)
Flat Switchboard Panel
Mobile Mounting Bracket
Remote Front Panel Bracket
Mobile Power Cord
Extension Cable
Screw Sets
Hand Microphone Hook
2 Fuses 15A 32V
Owners Manual
Wouxun SPS30WIN 30A Switching Power Supply
AC Power Cord
Tram 1185 Amateur Dual-Band Magnet Antenn
Wouxun PCO-003 Mobile Radio USB Programming Cable
Wouxun KG-UV920P-A USB Cable Driver and Programming Software CD
Wouxun KG-UV920P-A Specifications Dimensions: 140mm × 44mm × 207mm
Weight: 1437.8g (Including Microphone)
The Ham Radio Starter Kit from BTWR Essentials is your discount ticket to the exciting world of amateur radio! Compiled by hams for hams, this kit has everything you need to get you started as an amateur radio operator at minimal cost!The Ham Radio Starter Kit Mobile/Base Station Edition is a great training package for an amateur radio club Technician License class or instructional program. It comes in handy for new hams who are just getting started and want to build a ham shack on a budget. It's the perfect gift for that ham in your life who wants a mobile or base station radio to Get On The Air.The Ham Radio Starter Kit Mobile Base Station includes:- One of the most powerfully versatile mobile/base ham radios on the market! It offers 40 watts UHF and 50 watts VHF. This radio features 999 programmable memory channels with CTCSS and DSC encode/decode, DTMF encoding/decoding, priority channel scanning, and twin band simultaneous reception. It also has Channel Name edit and display, 76-108Mhz FM radio, group calls, 8 group scramblers, low voltage voice prompt, stun and kill function, reduced noise settings, remote control setting and a built-in cooling fan. It has a large, dual frequency LCD display with a 3-color selectable backlight in blue, green or white and backlit buttons on the front panel. The KG-UV920P-A also sports dual speakers built right into the chassis plus a third speaker in the DTMF hand microphone.The Wouxun KG-UV920P-A is more than a radio, it's a cross-band mobile repeater! With a choice of five repeater settings you can connect two of these radios together using the 5m extension cable or the microphone connection cable (both included) to set up your own working repeater!- This full featured power supply turns your KG-UV920P-A mobile radio into a bona fide base station! It has an input voltage of 110V/220V AC and an output voltage of 13.8V DC adjustable between 9.0v and 15.0v.- This Dual band 144-148/440-450MHz antenna is 19" tall and offers great range and performance!- Connects your Wouxun radio to your computer for fast and easy programming!The Ham Radio Starter Kit Mobile/Base Station Edition also includes a hand microphone with built-in backlit keypad and speaker, inclined switchboard panel, flat switchboard panel, mobile mounting bracket, remote front panel bracket, mobile power cord, 14 foot extension cable, hand microphone hook, fuses, screw set, and an owner's manual.
Opera Software plans to demo a version of its Opera Mini browser for the iPhone at the Mobile World Congress show in Barcelona next week. Opera Mini will offer faster browsing than Apple's Safari, which ships on iPhones, Opera said Wednesday.
Internal testing shows that Opera Mini will be up to six times faster than Apple's Safari browser, according to Katrin Jaakson, communications manager at Opera. The increased speed is in large part down to the browser's use of a proxy server to compress and reformat web pages before they are transmitted to the phone. Using compression also helps consume fewer data, which is a good thing when you are abroad and mobile data costs more, she said.
Other features Opera hopes will attract iPhone owners are support for tabs and speed dial, a feature that provides direct access to favorites via thumbnail images on the start page.
Opera hasn't yet submitted the browser for approval by Apple, and won't say when it will. However, the company is convinced that the application will be approved, according to Jaakson.
Not everyone is as confident, though.
"I think it is highly unlikely that Opera Mini will be approved," said Paolo Pescatore, analyst at CCS Insight. Apple's policy is quite clear, according to Pescatore: it won't approve applications that duplicate a feature already offered by the iPhone's software.
Besides Opera Mini for iPhone, Opera will also demo beta versions of Opera Mobile 10 on Symbian S60, Windows Mobile and Android at the Barcelona show.
Mobile World Congress runs from Feb. 15 to 18 at the Fira showground in Barcelona.
SALT LAKE CITY -- Orlando City will not appeal Kaká's red card from a 1-1 draw on Saturday night against Real Salt Lake.
A team spokesman said that "after review and consideration," the team opted not to file an appeal.
The appeal process presents an uphill battle for any team, and with the referee citing violent conduct and Kaká's foot making contact with Real Salt Lake midfielder Javier Morales, it was unlikely that the team would have won the appeal.
The decision not to appeal means Kaká will miss his first MLS game with Orlando City all season, and it leaves Lions' coach Adrian Heath with some interesting decisions to make ahead of Saturday's game against FC Dallas.
Orlando City has few options to replace Kaká at the No. 10 spot.
They could play Lewis Neal there, or perhaps Pedro Ribeiro with Carlos Rivas moving up top. Orlando City could also look to use youngster Harrison Heath, who has shown promise in scrimmages and low-key games as a playmaker. In league play, however, it may be a lot to ask of the 19-year-old midfielder.
The Lions might also look to tweak the formation, going to a 4-3-2-1, 4-3-3 or 4-4-2 formation to best utilize the available players on Saturday.
Either way, the controversial red card against Kaká now has even bigger consequences.
Kickoff against FC Dallas is set for 7:30 p.m. and the game will air on WRBW-Channel 65 and Sun Sports.
Email at ptenorio@tribune.com. For more soccer news, visit OrlandoSentinel.com/OnThePitch or follow on Twitter @oslions.
Fans are less than a month away from finding out the exact nature of Valiant Entertainment's collaboration with Super Power Beat Down creator Bat in the Sun — but today, in an announcement for the company's New York Comic Con panels, they included a first look at the costume for Michael Rowe's Ninjak.
You can check it out below.
Ninjak is Colin King, a British intelligence asset and master martial artist with a dark, mysterious past. Since he showed up in X-O Manowar, he's become one of the most important characters in “New Valiant,” having appeared in Unity and The Valiant before getting his own series in 2015. The webseries with Bat in the Sun is rumored to center on Ninjak battling his way through the heroes and villains of the Valiant Universe alike.
Rowe, who played Suicide Squad member Deadshot on Arrow before his character died to make way for a big-screen version played by Will Smith, got online discussion of the webseries moving when he tweeted something that teased his involvement with Valiant Entertainment.
Along with his eyes and the company logo, Rowe hashtagged the image "#ninja." Of course, Valiant's resident ninja, Ninjak, is a white guy whose eyes are the only thing visible through his mask. So it's pretty easy to see where people would pretty quickly get the idea that's who he's playing.
Later, rumors emerged that clarified some of the project, including some other actors and characters who might be involved. The panel will take place on Saturday, October 8. Valiant Entertainment and Bat in the Sun will, according to the panel description, “join forces for a feature-length live-action series! Join directors Aaron & Sean Schoenke, stars Michael Rowe (CW's Arrow/Flash), Jason David Frank (Power Rangers), Derek Theler (Baby Daddy), Valiant's top executives and more for a first look at footage from the top-secret project!” Fans already knew that Rowe and Frank would be involved, although the other names are new. Other panelists are named as well, including some who were not previously confirmed as being involved with the project.
Most interesting is Chantelle Barry, who recently provided some clues on Instagram as to who she might be playing…
For those of you who aren't Valiant-savvy, she looks an awful lot like Roku, one of Ninjak's most dangerous nemeses, who was introduced in Ninjak #4.
When she was first introduced, Roku was introduced as an aide to Kannon in the Weaponeer organization. Besides her mastery of martial arts, she's got both mental powers — she can telpathically interfere with opponents' combat — and some nifty biological additions to boot. Everything about her — down to her hair — can be used as a weapon.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard waves to the crowd with partner Tim Mathieson at the Labor Party campaign launch in Brisbane.
JULIA Gillard has vowed to transform the health system by allowing rural and regional Australians to see specialists using videoconferencing and online consultations.
Linking her national broadband network to the health of Australians, the Prime Minister said that from July 1 2012 Australians would have access to rebates to see doctors through the internet as part of a $392.3 million investment.
Under the plan, which has been welcomedby the Australian Medical Association, Medicare rebates for online consultations across a range of specialties will provide about 495,000 services over four years to rural, remote and outer metropolitan areas at a cost of $250.5 million.
Read Next
There will also be financial incentives for GPs and specialists to participate in delivering online services at a cost of $56.8 million.
Ms Gillard has also unveiled an expansion of the GP after-hours helpline to build capacity to provide online triage and basic medical advice via videoconferencing at a cistern of $50 million.
Ms Gillard said she couldn't compare herself to US President Barack Obama or Labor hero Ben Chifley, but asked Australians who are voting on Saturday to think “yes we will” when casting their vote.
At the end of her address, Ms Gillard's partner Tim Mathieson joined her on the stage. They hugged and kissed before she stepped down to hug her parents and niece and nephew among others.
But Kevin Rudd was the first to leave the hall, bolting out as soon as Ms Gillard walked out and the hall was still full.
Explaining her one new policy announcement, Ms Gillard said in the middle of the night a parent with a child with swelling or a rash would be able to get help through the power of broadband access to the internet.
She said Tony Abbott would let children down, while Labor would complete the education revolution for every child in every school.
The Prime Minister said Labor would not rest until every child in the country had access to the best education in the country.
Ms Gillard also declared she will be a Prime Minister for jobs, vowing she will not allow children to inherit “their parents' joblessness”.
She promised to build a strong economy that would allow families to build their future with the benefits of work.
“I want each of us to prosper. I want all of us to prosper,” she told the 500 “friends” at the Brisbane Convention Centre for the campaign launch.
She said she was troubled that there were too many children growing up in families where no one has worked for more than a year.
She said these kids will be “robbed” of an economic future.
Ms Gillard delivered an economic speech promising not to delay bringing the budget to surplus “by one hour, by one day” by 2013.
She said that while Mr Abbott had been spending $1 billion a day, the real risk to the budget surplus was the Opposition Leader.
“When the global financial crisis hit we said we were for jobs and I'm proud of it,” Ms Gillard said to huge applause.
Referring to the waste in programs, Ms Gillard conceded not everything went right.
Talking about the plight of her immigrate parents who she acknowledged in the audience, Ms Gillard said : “They didn't come seeking a fair ride, they came seeking a fair go”
Read Next
CARACAS, Venezuela — One of Venezuela's leading pro-opposition newspapers has been sold in a transaction shrouded in mystery, fueling growing concerns here over the independence of the news media.
The newspaper, El Universal, whose sale was announced this month, is the third major media outlet to change hands here since the death last year of the country's longtime socialist president, Hugo Chávez, and the election of his handpicked successor, Nicolás Maduro.
Venezuela is a deeply divided country, where propaganda and the news media have long been part of the political battleground between a powerful leftist state and an opposition concentrated in the middle class and the elite. The government operates at least 10 television stations and more than 100 radio stations, and critics say that independent media outlets increasingly feel pressured into silence or self-censorship.
The two other recent media sales involved Globovisión, a television station that aggressively promoted the opposition's political agenda, and Cadena Capriles, a newspaper chain that publishes Últimas Noticias, one of the country's highest-circulation dailies. Under the new ownership, news coverage at both of those outlets became more favorable toward the government.
Last week I went to games week.
So for most of the games week my server was down so I couldn't post to my blog and I might not have had the energy to do so even if I could have.
I spent the week in a weird headspace because of the high energy shit I was doing and the fact that I'm still adjusting to my antidepressants.
The first day of GCAP I actually had a massive panic attack and it was really nice to have both Emily and Dave there to take me to a corner, look after me and just generally help me down. The rest of the day did improve except for the part where I lost my phone which we eventually found the next day. I did enjoy getting to hang out at the networking event in the evening and talking to some super lovely people until it was nearly midnight.
The second day of GCAP was still bumpy but definitely smoother than the first. The Australian Game Developer Awards party in the evening which was really lovely. I did the networking I was planning on doing and got to share some lovely moments with amazing people and looked amazing while doing it even if my shoes were murder. Plus a game Damon worked on won an award which was super rad!
Thursday I attended the Women In Games Lunch and then made my way to the Tabletop Game Designers of Australia Devcon evening. One event wasn't really for me and the other was kinda rubbish and I felt like I would have done better staying home and resting for the day.
Friday was the first day of PAX and I ran my 2017 State Of Queer In Gaming panel and it fuckin rocked and then I ran the con version of The Republic and it ran really nicely, though it's hard to tell whether that's due to my game design skills or my GMing skills.
Saturday was mostly me attending panels and running The Republic again and then, back at the apartment spent the evening preparing for the next day's roleplaying games.
Sunday I was on Twitch's stage and their main Twitch channel running Dungeons And Dragons for Ashley Jenkins, Mary Kish, Ally McClean, and Rae Johnston and then had to head immediately over to run another game of The Republic, after which I had a small gap for a nap before running Dread in an hour for I Am Not Trying To Kill You Live with Emily, David Hollingworth, and Emma Siu which was in the big Wombat Theatre and also streamed on PAX's channel. With PAX done we did attend megadev but weren't there heaps late because despite all the lovely people it was actually a pretty unpleasant environment.
Monday we drove home and I posted a little sermon about coming down from mountain tops on Twitter and then we accidentally climbed an actual mountain when we stopped at Mount Zero for lunch.
Tuesday we did our taxes, cleaned the house, rested, and played Mincraft.
It was a massive week and I was a bit weird and kind of out of it for a bunch of it but I also achieved all the things I set out to do with great success so I'm really pretty proud of myself. It was also super super amazing to have both Dave and Emily there to support me all week as I doubt I would have done anywhere near as well without them.
The Card Trader provides some core cards that you need for building Hazys and other oddball decks. There are also a handful of general purpose PvE cards that you might find yourself needing. In order to buy these cards, you'll need stones, gold, and jewels. Fortunately, a generous amount of gold and SR jewels are handed out while going through the stages. UR jewels may be a little harder to come by, as you only get three from the Stage Missions. Participating in events (Tardy Syrus, etc.) is a surefire way to net more URs.
Here are the cards you should save your gold and stones for:
It's recommended that you go for the cards to build your farming decks first, such as Riryoku Field and Jar of Greed.
Converting Cards
No matter how tempting it may be, you should avoid converting any cards unless you have three or more copies of it. You should also never convert limited-availability cards, such as Insect Queen (only one copy of this card is obtainable in-game - by leveling Weevil). If you keep farming and participating in events, you should eventually acquire enough SR and UR jewels to make the cards you want, with minimal conversions.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Najib's ruling coalition lost its majority in the 2008 elections
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has dissolved parliament ahead of a general election.
Mr Najib, whose National Front (BN) coalition has been in power for over 50 years, made the announcement in a televised address.
He will face opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim in what is expected to be a tightly-contested race.
The National Front lost its two-thirds majority for the first time in the 2008 elections.
Election officials will meet in coming days to fix a polling date - many expect the vote to be held in late April.
"The king has accepted my request to dissolve parliament effective 3 April," Mr Najib said in the address.
Mr Najib was constitutionally obliged to call a general election in April, when the National Front's five-year mandate ran out.
Under pressure
In 2008 the National Front coalition suffered its worst election result in decades, losing its two-thirds parliamentary majority and control of five state assemblies.
Mr Najib Razak assumed office in the wake of the election, replacing Abdullah Ahmad Badawi.
The National Front has dominated Malaysian politics since its independence, and losing its majority was hugely embarrassing, the BBC's Jonah Fisher in Bangkok reports.
The coalition will be under pressure to reverse losses it suffered in 2008, our correspondent adds.
In his televised address on Wednesday, Mr Najib warned Malaysians not to "gamble the future of [their] children and Malaysia".
He is likely to highlight Malaysia's strong economic growth over the past year in his election campaign.
Challenger Anwar Ibrahim leads a coalition of three opposition parties: his Parti Keadilan Rakyat, and the Islamist Parti Agama SeMalaysia and the Democratic Action Party.
The opposition, which has accused the ruling party of corruption and racial discrimination, has gained support in urban areas.
Mr Anwar once served as deputy prime minister under the National Front, but fell out with former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad in 1998.
He was jailed for misuse of power for six years, and charged with sodomy twice - although on both occasions he was cleared.
He has described the charges as politically motivated.
2015 MLS AT&T All-Star Game MLS All-Stars vs Tottenham Hotspur Wednesday, July 29 at 7 PM MT | 9 PM ET Watch on FOX Sports 1, UniMás, TSN or RDS
Major League Soccer's best and brightest are headed to the Rocky Mountains this summer, and they're bringing Tottenham Hotspur with them.
On Tuesday, MLS announced that the English Premier League club will take on the MLS All-Stars at Dick's Sporting Good Park, the home of the Colorado Rapids, in the 2015 AT&T MLS All-Star Game on July 29. Kick off is at 9 pm ET. The game will be televised live on FOX Sports 1, UniMás and Univision Deportes Network (UDN) in the United States, TSN and RDS in Canada, and in more than 100 countries worldwide.
Spurs will be the 10th different international club to take on the MLS All-Stars, who defeated Bayern Munich 2-1 last summer in Portland.
“The AT&T MLS All-Star Game continues to be one of the most entertaining and widely anticipated traditions for our league and for our sport in North America,” MLS president and deputy commissioner Mark Abbott said in a statement. “We are excited to welcome another world-class opponent in Tottenham and look forward to a competitive match and a tremendous week of events. We know that the Colorado Rapids, one of our inaugural clubs, will be great hosts and that Dick's Sporting Goods Park will impress both the fans in the stadium and television viewers throughout the world.”
Following last year's dramatic victory punctuated by a game-winning goal from Landon Donovan, the MLS All-Stars are now 7-3-1 against international competition, including world-famous opponents such as Manchester United (2010 & 2011), Everton (2009), Chelsea (2006 & 2012), Roma (2012) and Bayern Munich (2014).
Tottenham will bring a familiar face in defender DeAndre Yedlin, who started at right back for the MLS All-Stars in 2014 against Bayern and was selected to the 2013 team by MLS Commissioner Don Garber, the first rookie since 2005 to receive the honor.
"We'd like to thank Major League Soccer for the invitation to take part in the 2015 All-Star Game,” Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino said in a statement. “The fact that this will be our only fixture outside of Europe during preseason says a lot about how we view this game. We enjoyed three tough matches last summer in North America and the quality of football in MLS continues to grow every year.
“Preseason is an important time for us and we are looking forward to being a part of one of the biggest events on the US football calendar. We know the quality of the facilities will be top-class and we see this fixture against the best players from MLS as good preparation."
Founded in 1882, Spurs, as they are affectionately known, are a mainstay in the English Premier League and regular participants in European competitions. The London-based club lifted the Football League Championship, now the Premier League championship, on two occasions (1951, 1961), as well as a host of domestic cups, including the FA Cup, which the club have won eight times.
“Once again, we're thrilled to mobilize soccer fans' passions at the AT&T MLS All-Star Game,” said Bill Moseley, AT&T's director of marketing and communications. “Each year, the game shows off the sport's very best, and we can't wait to share this summer's experience with soccer spectators everywhere.”
An exclusive presale window for Colorado Rapids full season ticket members and additional partners will take place from April 16-23. Tickets will then go on sale to the general public starting on April 23 at noon ET. In addition to the All-Star Game, fans will be able to purchase tickets to the Chipotle MLS Homegrown Game, with a 50-percent discount offered to those who purchase All-Star Game tickets.
Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet of the future is finally getting the pilot's helmet to match.
The F-35 Gen III Helmet Mounted Display System (HMDS) built by Rockwell Collins ESA Vision Systems International combines infrared, night-vision, augmented and virtual reality to let pilots see more than ever before — including right down through the plane itself.
Lockheed, which is the manufacturing three different versions of the F-35 for the Air Force, Marines and Navy under the Joint Strike Fighter program, took delivery of 160 helmets earlier this week — the most advanced and expensive ever built at $600,000 a piece, not including the cost linking the helmet to a cockpit's software system.
The helmet draws video feeds from the plane's Distributed Aperture System — six HD and infrared cameras located around the jet's exterior that, when combined, give the pilot a full 360-degree view around and through the aircraft from right inside the cockpit. Navigation and targeting — traditionally visible on a conventional fighter's cockpit heads-up display — are also integrated into the helmet view, making it an essential component to the most-advanced (and expensive) multi-purpose weapons system ever built. (RELATED: Pentagon Approves Limited Flight For F-35 Ahead Of Potential Air Show Debut)
As a result of the information displayed by the helmet, the remainder of the F-35 features an incredibly stripped-down design compared to other conventional fighter aircraft, relying on a large touchscreen display and voice-activation for control of the cockpit's systems.
The Gen III helmet was nearly scrapped in favor of a model with similar capabilities from defense contractor BAE Systems after the Gen II prototype gave pilots motion sickness from VR camera lag. Pilots further complained about the display bumping uncontrollably when the jet experienced in-flight vibration, and about its limited night-vision range, which was reportedly far below what's necessary for combat situations, according to an Ars Technica report. (RELATED: Fighter Pilots Are Getting New Helmets Fit For Iron Man)
Rockwell Collins ESA Vision Systems International's third generation helmet has since received 15,000 hours of flight testing, and was approved by Lockheed and the Pentagon last October.
WATCH:
Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook.
Erotica Comic is a short manga and artbook by Yūsuke Kozaki released with preorders of the Hopper's Edition of No More Heroes 2: Desperate Struggle. Despite the name, it is not actually pornographic in nature. It contains four different sections.
Contents show]
No More Loser Edit
No More Loser focuses on the backstory of Skelter Helter when he was merely known as Vincent. He was close with his brother Helter-Skelter, but Helter wished for Vincent to live a normal life. They meet at a restaurant in Santa Destroy. It is revealed that Vincent was put through school using annual bags of money Helter earned from assassination jobs, but when Helter tells Vincent, he is shocked and refuses to use the money anymore. Helter warns Vincent about "a blonde woman from Scandinavia", telling him that he must say no to anything she asks him. Vincent then narrates the auction of the Blood Berry beam katana, saying that nobody took the auction seriously except for the sole bidder, "someone idiot enough".
One year later, Vincent is going to meet Helter at the same restaurant again, with Vincent having graduated from college. Helter texts Vincent saying that he'll be late due to work; we see that he's fighting Travis, as mentioned in the opening to the first game. Helter is killed. Shortly thereafter, Vincent meets Sylvia who is pretending to be a prostitute. Sylvia revealed to Vincent that Travis was the one who killed his brother, and invites him to join the United Assassins Association. Vincent agrees, and three years later waits for Travis right before the beginning of the second game, having become Skelter.
Pure Wite Lover Bizarre Jelly 5 okama Edit
A manga of Pure White Lover Bizarre Jelly. It shows the girls transforming upon seeing a tentacle monster in the water. It has not been translated into English.
Art Edit
Full-page pictures of Alice Twilight, Cloe Walsh, Margaret Moonlight, Sylvia Christel and Kimmy Howell.
Not Erotic Comic Edit
4koma manga by another artist. It features mainly Travis and Sylvia, with Jeane (the cat), Talbot, Weller, Ryan Yamazaki and Nathan Copeland also making appearances. It has not been translated into English.
Thread! Austin Kleon shared something he learned on Twitter yesterday: there are actually two photos of Jack Ruby about to shoot Lee Harvey Oswald taken by two different photographers. We've all seen the familiar one, taken by Bob Jackson:
But like Kleon, I had never seen Jack Beers' version shown at the top of the post, taken a little more than a half-second before Jackson's. Kleon says:
At the time, Bob Jackson was “depressed” because he didn't have film in his camera when Kennedy was assassinated. When Beers' superiors saw the negative they were sure he'd just won the Pulitzer. Meanwhile, Jackson's editors asked if he'd gotten anything. Jackson's shot captured the exact right moment, with Oswald recoiling in pain, making the face, etc. He won the Pulitzer and fame. Beers was devastated. He felt like he'd had the Pulitzer and lost it. His daughter says he never really got over his bad luck. So, you have two photographers shooting a guy who got shot — one's career “ruined” for him, one's made.
According to an article about the two men who took the photographs, Beers was personally acquainted with Ruby:
He loved crime stories, she says, and went on ride-alongs with the Dallas police. He also came to know a strange little man who often hung out at police headquarters, a stripclub operator named Jack Ruby. To fatten his pocketbook, Mr. Beers even photographed some of Ruby's “girls,” whose pictures are part of the family collection.
And Jackson was in President Kennedy's motorcade and spotted Oswald's rifle peeking out of a window:
And then came the first shot. Instinctively, Mr. Jackson says he looked to where the shot was coming from — and saw a rifle protruding from a window in the east end of the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. The Warren Commission concluded that Oswald fired three shots from a sniper's perch he had constructed in that window.
But he'd used all of his film up getting crowd shots and was unable to reload quickly enough. Back to the Ruby Oswald photos:
“Out of the corner of my right eye, I saw a sudden movement … My first impression was, it was a photographer out of position or with a very short lens trying to improve his position, then the curse, ‘You son of a bitch,' punctuated by the shot. The curse was in such an unnatural and excited voice, before it concluded I knew someone had gone berserk and was attacking Oswald.” The sudden movement provoked Mr. Jackson, six-tenths of a second later, to snap the shutter. “The reason Beers shot too soon, in comparison to me,” says Mr. Jackson, “is that he saw it easier and quicker than I did. Ruby was more in his vision. I had a better position because I wasn't distracted by Ruby as much. I was still looking at Oswald's face, and I knew I was going to shoot before whoever that was blocked my view.”
What a story. (via @austinkleon)
LOUDON, N.H. -- Stripped of his Chase spot, then his sponsorship, Martin Truex Jr. is now in a hasty scramble to find a ride.
He has little time to piece together a deal and few options.
"There's not a whole lot out there," Truex said Friday at New Hampshire Motor Speedway.
But if he can find a funded ride out there, owner Michael Waltrip is willing to let Truex walk.
With NAPA out of the picture, Truex could decide to bolt Michael Waltrip Racing as part of the aftershock of the Richmond scandal that saw him booted out of the Chase. NAPA's multimillion-dollar sponsorship defection from MWR at the end of the year is just the latest fallout from the team's attempt to manipulate a race to get Truex into NASCAR's Chase for the Sprint Cup championship.
NAPA is Truex's primary sponsor and in the first year of a three-year extension announced last August. The deal ran through the 2015 season and is believed to be worth at least $15 million a year.
With only nine races left this season, Waltrip asked Truex for more time to strike a deal for 2014 funding.
"If he came to me tomorrow and said, 'I got a deal to go do something,' then obviously I would not hold him back," Waltrip said. "I owe him a lot for his loyalty and his passion for our team. I wouldn't hold him back from doing something he wanted to do, but I'd like him to hang around so we can attract a sponsor and keep him in our cars."
Truex, who qualified fifth for Sunday's race, would like to stay at MWR. He doesn't know if NAPA would follow him to another team.
"I'd always hoped that I'd be at Michael Waltrip Racing for a long, long time," Truex said. "That really hasn't changed. But it's a lot more confusing at the moment."
MWR was also fined $300,000, general manager Ty Norris was suspended indefinitely and all three crew chiefs for its drivers were placed on probation for the rest of the year.
NASCAR penalties levied against teams for working outside the rule book are as much a part of the sport as checkered flags and 200 mph speeds. A major sponsor defection, however, is the type of stunning move that could scare teams into playing it straight and eliminate late-race shenanigans.
"You see a team go through some decisions that they went through and choices and you want a team to get penalized for those types of things, no matter what team it is," Chase driver Jeff Gordon said. "But you never want to see it go to this level where they lose a sponsor."
Waltrip said at New Hampshire he was scared about how the penalties could harm his organization and he apologized for his team's shady actions.
"We will race forward with respect and appreciation for being able to be here," he said. "We'll start to regain trust."
Aaron's, sponsor of Brian Vickers for MWR, said it remains dedicated to the organization, but Clint Bowyer sponsor 5-Hour Energy said Thursday it was still evaluating its relationship with the team. Waltrip said Friday he expected 5-Hour Energy to remain with MWR and had a meeting set this weekend with the president of the energy shot company.
MWR co-owner Rob Kauffman pumped in much-needed cash and brought stability and accountability to the organization. Waltrip said Kauffman could help fund Truex in 2014. Kauffman wrote on Twitter that Waltrip did ask him if it was possible RK Motors could sponsor Truex.
NAPA's decision will end a relationship with Waltrip that dates to 2001. This is the second scandal NAPA has been through with Waltrip, who was found to have a fuel additive in his engine in his debut race, the 2007 Daytona 500.
"They just felt like the events of the last 10 days had spiraled out of control a bit," Waltrip said. "They felt like what we were involved with and NASCAR penalized us for was more than they were comfortable dealing with, more than they were comfortable with accepting. They worked hard to try to figure out a way to hang around."
Track owner Bruton Smith, who helped bring NAPA into the sport, was disappointed the auto parts retailer bailed on MWR.
"They should have swallowed and moved on," Smith said. "They're going to lose more picking up and running than they would have had they stayed right there."
The loss of a primary sponsor is a significant blow. Waltrip will be scrambling to quickly replace the money because NAPA is a rare sponsor that covers the entire 36-race Sprint Cup schedule. MWR employs around 100 people, and Waltrip now faces the possibility of running a two-team operation in 2014
"We're going to race ahead," Waltrip said. "We're going to try to find funding for the 56 and have three cars in the competition for the Chase next year."
Furniture Row Racing could be in the mix for Truex after losing Kurt Busch to Stewart-Haas Racing. General manager Joe Garone said the organization had not yet reached out to NAPA or Truex.
"He'd certainly be on the radar," Garone said. "He's more than qualified."
Furniture Row will continue its arrangement with Chevrolet team Richard Childress Racing in 2014. Garone said there is no deal with FRR and Chevrolet.
In the last year, the pervasive issues of rape, sexual assault, and harassment have taken center stage in the headlines. Political candidates, actors, and other men in positions of power have been accused (often with multiple corroborating stories) of abuse against women across the country. Just last month, #metoo was trending on social media as people took strength in numbers to speak about their experiences being sexually assaulted or sexually harassed. In the last week, the issue returned to the spotlight as nearly every day another man is exposed as an offender.
Unfortunately, the knee-jerk reaction of many is to ignore, silence, or discredit the voices of those who come forward. On the other end, there is the risk of ruining the reputation of an innocent person with an attitude of “guilty until proven innocent”. The current atmosphere in our country is revealing a much deeper issue that goes beyond the political: sexual assault is a startlingly common issue plaguing our society. And what's worse? We're nearly unwilling to speak about it.
What role can the Orthodox Church play in navigating this difficult issue? How can Orthodox Christians better be there for their friends who feel alone?
1. Be a safe person
All the talking in the world will not solve the issue of sexual assault. As much as we'd like to, we cannot control the actions of others. But we can learn how our actions - even those we might not be aware of - can affect those around us. If we wish our society to be better, we need to start with our own thoughts and actions.
As Christians, we cannot accept “boys will be boys” or that “that's just how guys are” as responses to sexual harassment. It's tantamount to “I'm only human” as if being human excuses our sin. So I'll speak to the men here: how are you making excuses in your thinking or acting? Do you view pornography, and have you considered its natural connection to violence against women? Nothing happens in a vacuum, and sexual violence begins with the problem of lust. If you are struggling against an unwelcome habit of pornography, the Church is the greatest hospital - offering confession and healing. But also check out resources like Wolf You Feed and SA for additional support. Being a safe person begins behind closed doors.
On a wider level, how do we maintain proper boundaries in our relationships with others? Improper boundaries can lead to problems that could have been avoided, but can also make sexual assault survivors uncomfortable without our knowing we're crossing a line. Boundaries aren't only important between youth workers and youth but in all of our relationships.
Our actions - both out in the open and behind closed doors - are the proof of whether we are working to be safe people in the midst of this often unsettling world. But the Church also offers us the ability to cultivate a sensitivity to others and a vulnerability before them.
2. Be vulnerable without expecting the same
Sexual assault survivors, as victims of abuse, often feel completely alone. What adds to the feeling of loneliness is that our society operates in extremes: either over-sharing all aspects of one's life on social media or being rigidly private so that no one knows the pain that lies beneath the surface. What we need is the safety of community that comes from being vulnerable with friends.
The Church offers us the sacraments of confession, unction, and communion as means of healing not only from our personal sin but also from the brokenness we experience. As we develop a healthy habit of going to confession, we get more comfortable with being open with close friends about some of our struggles. Then, when we're aware of what's actually going on in our friends' lives, we can better help them bear their burdens with them.
We should never expect someone to share their stories, especially when it comes to sexual assault or harassment. While many felt empowered by the #metoo posts on social media, still others felt obligated or pressured into sharing what they didn't yet feel safe or comfortable to share. Our job isn't to get people to talk, our job is to be the type of person others can feel safe sharing with. And if you have been the victim of sexual assault, the Church is here for you to help you heal - when you're ready.
3. Walk with others in their pain
In the same way that we can't expect someone else to share their stories with us - but instead need to be people willing to share - we can't tell someone how to respond to sexual assault. We need to be people that are modelling a Christian response to conflict and being hurt by others without expecting sexual assault victims to do the same.
As Christians, we intellectually understand the importance of forgiveness. We know that Christ calls us to forgive “seventy times seven” (Matthew 18:22) and that in the Father we ask God to forgive us “as we forgive those who trespass against us.” But when a person becomes the victim of sexual assault, there's a harm done that can often never be healed by the offender. Forgiveness becomes a foreign idea and it may take years for a person to get to a place of acceptance, let alone forgiveness, and this is something that only God's grace can provide - it is not within our power or responsibility to heal a person of this pain.
For us to better walk with those who have survived sexual assault, we should, however, learn the hard truth about this all too common problem. Only 30% of sexual assault cases are reported to authorities, and in cases of child sexual assault 60% of offenders are known to the child while 30% are family members. And as we are now in the holiday season, we might have more compassion for our friends who may struggle with the idea of spending so much time with their family. The holidays can be especially triggering for victims of sexual assault.
We also need to be aware of the deep shame that surrounds sexual abuse. Guilt and shame affect all of us in one way or another, but victims of sexual assault often have a deep-seated sense of impurity, uncleanness, and shame. Though our words may not change their feelings, our friends still deserve to hear that they aren't to blame, that they didn't cause their sexual assault. We may not take their shame from them, but we can offer them our hearts to help bear it.
*****
We can't solve our society's ills, but we can work on alleviating the pain of those around us by being a compassionate presence. Each one of us can be a safe person, a listening person, a vulnerable person walking alongside our friends in their pain and struggles to recover from sexual abuse. Our greatest tool is prayer - both for victims and offenders - that God's grace will cover them, heal them of their wounds, and bring them all into His loving embrace.
How are your actions proving or disproving you to be a safe person for victims of sexual abuse? What can you do today to bring Christ's presence into your relationships? If you have been sexually assaulted, how has the Church been an agent in your healing?
Want more from Y2AM? Subscribe to our email list and get weekly tips for your spiritual life every Monday! And you can support Y2AM even more by becoming a supporter. Your contribution can help us continue the work we're doing.
Sam is the Pastoral Assistant at Saint Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church in Virginia Beach, Virginia. He grew up in Powhatan, Virginia and studied International Affairs and Spanish at James Madison University. Sam received his MDiv from Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology in 2013. He loves food, languages, genealogy, and good coffee.
Photo Credit: depositphotos
______________
Melania Trump, Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Michelle Obama at the US Capitol after the inauguration ceremonies.
Just ahead of Donald Trump's 100-day milestone, Barack Obama stepped back into the spotlight Monday, giving his first public speech since leaving the White House. He seemed relaxed and good humored (“What's been going on while I've been gone?”). And why wouldn't he be? The John F. Kennedy Library is about to give him its annual “Profile in Courage” award, despite a singular lack of courage in his political career. A Wall Street firm has agreed to pay him $400,000 to give a speech, with other lucrative gigs lined up in Italy and Germany. Best of all, perhaps, his legacy as the 44th president of the United States appears to be in no danger from the 45th.
Indeed, Trump's presidency so far is looking an awful lot like Barack Obama's third term.
It's no joke: The candidate who never missed an opportunity to deride Obama's record — Trump pronounced him “a disaster” and “one of the worst presidents in the history of our country” — is compiling a presidential track record that, 100 days in, can be fairly called Obama-esque.
Advertisement
Of course that doesn't apply to everything Trump has done. Nominating Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, picking Jeff Sessions for attorney general, warmly embracing Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu, approving the Keystone XL pipeline — those could never have happened as long as Obama occupied the Oval Office.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
But consider all the other ways in which Obama's achievements and approach to governance remain firmly entrenched under his successor.
First and most obviously, despite Trump's endlessly repeated vow to “repeal and replace the big lie, Obamacare,” the Affordable Care Act is still the law of the land — and, if House Speaker Paul Ryan is right, will remain so for the foreseeable future.
Obama's chief foreign policy accomplishment — the misbegotten nuclear deal with Iran — isn't going away either. As a candidate, Trump condemned it as the worst deal ever negotiated and said his “number-one priority” was to “dismantle” it. In practice, the Trump administration, far from moving to abrogate the agreement, continues to uphold it. Just this month, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson confirmed that the agreement, including the multibillion-dollar sanctions relief that Tehran reaped from the deal, remains in full force.
Republicans have made much of Trump's decision to authorize a missile strike on a Syrian military base after a chemical weapons attack by the Bashar Assad regime. It's true that Obama warned Assad not to cross that “red line,” and then did nothing when it was crossed. But for all the chest-thumping by Trump spokesmen and supporters about how the missiles demonstrate that “America is back,” the new administration insists that the one-time gesture does notsignal a change in US policy toward Syria. Not that anyone seems clear on what that policy is: On the one hand, Trump — like Obama — has suggested that Assad must be removed from power. On the other hand, Trump — like Obama — maintains that isn't the job of US troops.
Advertisement
As for “America is back,” Obama oversaw plenty of military attacks. During his first 100 days, Navy SEAL snipers killed three Somali pirates on the high seas, successfully rescuing an American sea captain who had been taken hostage. Obama approved US military action to overthrow Libyan ruler Moammar Khadafy. He ordered the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. He expanded the drone war against radical Islamists far beyond anything George W. Bush ever approved. He even told his aides at one point, in words easy to imagine being spoken by Trump: “I'm really good at killing people.”
In almost every policy area, Trump isn't unwinding Obama's record, but extending it.
Trump repeatedly said during the campaign that he would label China a “currency manipulator” on Day 1, reversing the Obama policy. Instead he has reversed his own promise and will continue to follow Obama's lead.
Before the election, Trump said he would “most likely replace” Fed chairman Janet Yellen, an Obama appointee who “should be ashamed” of what she had done to the country. Now Trump talks about how much respect he has for Yellen and says he may well reappoint her to another term.
Trump used to deride the Export-Import Bank as corporate-welfare “featherbedding,” and promised to scrap it. No longer: Trump's view now is that America needs the Ex-Im Bank. That was Obama's view, too.
Advertisement
NATO? As a candidate, Trump alarmed US defense allies with his talk of NATO being “obsolete.” As president, he has turned 180 degrees, and now assures those allies that they are obsolete no longer.
Immigration? Under Obama, the militarization of the US-Mexico border and the removal of undocumented immigrants reached unprecedented levels — so much so that immigration advocates bitterly referred to him as “deporter in chief.” Nothing would please Trump more, we can safely assume, than to now claim that title for himself.
Government spending? Obama signed legislation massively increasing government outlays on “shovel-ready” infrastructure projects. Trump is gearing up to spend even more money on the same thing.
Nor is it only with regard to government policy that Trump seems determined to follow in Obama's footsteps.
For years, Trump berated Obama for all the golf he played; when he became president, Trump assured voters, “I'm not going to have time to go play golf.” Since the inauguration, CNN reported on April 9, Trump has found time for at least 16 golf outings. Barack Obama may no longer be president, but the Obama presidency goes on.
AP Photo/Evan Vucci/File
Jeff Jacoby can be reached at jacoby@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @jeff_jacoby
On June 30, approximately 100 people dropped by the Starving Artist Cafe to celebrate it's one-year anniversary.One of these visitors was none other than Brantford mayor, Chris Friel. Mayor Friel visited the Starving Artist to present owner, Christina Hajiioannou, with a certificate celebrating the cafe's first anniversary.
Hajiioannou stated that she felt “truly amazing” and “accomplished” now that the Starving Artist has made it to a year.
“All of the obstacles that we have gone through; all of the hard work, it's finally paid off,” stated Hajiioannou.
Despite the hard work and bumps in the road, Hajiioannou stated that she, “always knew (the Starving Artist) would work out.”
“If you have passion, you can make anything work,” said Hajiioannou. Hajiioannou identified herself as a “passionate person”, stating that her, “face shines when (she) talks about it.”
Visitors could feel the passion in the air as they stepped into the cafe. There was a constant stream of live entertainment, including Kyra Hindriks, Shake Some Evil and Cory Mercer, among others. Visitors could also partake in the drum circle, poetry show and laugh it off after at the comedy show.
Cambridge based artist Stacy Cliff, showcased her skills in a live art show, where she spray painted a handful of canvases. Cliff didn't forget about the kids, as she offered face painting during the evening. All of the proceeds from Cliff's art were donated to the Starving Artist.
Visitors had the chance to take home prizes in the events raffle, which included band merchandise, snacks, and other goodies. Hajiioannou stated that the day was the most profitable the cafe has ever seen, with over $300 raised.
Hajiioannou stated that she wanted a variety of entertainment for the event because she, “likes appealing to the masses.”
“When you give variety, no one can hate everything; everyone has something that speaks to them,” stated Hajiioannou.
Despite the “amazing feelings” that Hajiioannou felt from the one-year anniversary, she stated that her end goal was to build a safe place for artists to express themselves. “Building community. That really what I'm trying to do; build a safe community for everyone.”
It's no secret that the catcher position has been one of the most inconsistent holes in the White Sox lineup ever since they let A.J. Pierzynski go following the 2012 season. The Tyler Flowers experiment was a complete and utter failure, and the acquisitions of Dioner Navarro and Alex Avila last offseason haven't been all that successful either.
Avila has played in just 41 games in 2016, spending the vast majority of the season on the disabled list. While injuries haven't been as big of a factor for Navarro, his horrendous pitch framing and .208/.266/.339 slash line tells you all you need to know.
As bad as the Flowers and Geovany Soto catching combination was at times last season, they still combined for a significantly better WAR than Navarro and Avila. Factor in the chemistry that Flowers had with Chris Sale and the starting rotation, and the White Sox somehow made their biggest position of need even worse.
So where does that leave the catcher position moving forward? 2016 1st round draft pick Zack Collins is by far the best catching prospect the White Sox have, but there are still questions as to whether or not he'll remain at the position in the MLB. Regardless, he still needs time to develop in the minor leagues, so he's not the immediate answer.
There is, however, one young catcher on the roster who certainly appears to deserve more of a look than he's getting. 24-year old Omar Narvaez may have only played in six games since being called up to make his MLB debut in July, but he's already shown flashes of being a solid player.
Narvaez has a hit in each of his six big league appearances, going 7-17 at the plate with four walks and just a single strike out. He's having great at-bats and putting the ball in play, two things Navarro has struggled with this season.
While those inflated numbers obviously won't keep up for Narvaez, his first six games in the MLB are better than any six-game stretch Navarro has put up in a White Sox uniform. Despite being the starting catcher basically all season, Navarro has just one five-game hit streak in 2016.
Yet night in and night out, Robin Ventura continues to let Navarro start over Narvaez. Just like most of the decisions he makes as a manager, it's hard to understand how exactly this helps the White Sox.
You know exactly what you're getting with Navarro: a player who's past his prime and can't frame pitches or put the ball in play. He almost definitely isn't going to come back as the White Sox starting catcher after his contract expires this offseason, and the club is going nowhere in 2016.
Narvaez, on the other hand, is a complete mystery. He's not going to magically turn into Buster Posey or Salvador Perez overnight, but he's a young player with the potential to be a serviceable MLB player if he's given the chance.
Is Narvaez the long-term answer the White Sox desperately need at catcher? More than likely not. He wasn't setting the world on fire in the minor leagues by any means, and his MLB sample size is way too small to draw any conclusions.
But with the White Sox out of playoff contention and Narvaez showing that he at least has the ability to play at the big league level, why not throw him out there more often and see what he can do? It surely makes a lot more sense than Ventura trotting out the 32-year old Navarro on a daily basis, who hasn't put together anything close to a decent season since 2014.
The general is meant to be the recently-spoiled General Tazri, who I think is absolutely the card we've been waiting for with regards to Ally tribal. Our lieutenant, who figures prominently in our strategy, will be Munda, Ambush Leader.
This is a rough draft, and I need help making the last few cuts. There are probably also glaring errors and omissions in the deck; I'd like some feedback on that. I will note that I am keeping an eye on the budget, hence the cheap mana-base with no fetches or even shocks
This is an aggro-tribal deck with a combo finish. The basic idea is to spend the first couple turns ramping, then get the ball rolling, ideally dropping 2 allies a turn. Once we have a substantial number of allies on board or in the graveyard, we sac the whole team with Mirror Entity (activate him for 0) and then drop Living Death, bringing back a boatload of allies for absurd etb triggers, ideally with Chasm Guide, Kabira Evangel, and Resolute Blademaster in the mix for a massive, largely unblockable attack. The deck should be able to win without this, however, as we also have a solid plan for making use of our general's tutoring ability. Sea Gate Loremaster draws us cards, and Munda, Ambush Leader makes sure those cards are allies. We run enough ramp that we'll have the mana to take advantage of this, especially with cards like Urza's Incubator and Mana Echoes.
Teen accused of faking cancer to get money wants trial moved
EL PASO - The Horizon City teenager who received thousands of dollars while claiming to be dying of cancer has filed a motion to move her trial to another city.
Ruth "Angie" Gomez, 19, was indicted in April by a grand jury on a theft by deception charge.
Gomez is scheduled for a jury trial in the 120th District Court on Aug. 17.
According to the change of venue request, Gomez's lawyer, Sheldon Myers, claims that the extensive media coverage she has received prohibits her from having a fair trial in El Paso.
"These news stories portrayed Defendant as a con artist, thief, and fraud who engaged in alleged activities to obtain funds contributed to a non-existent charity," the motion reads.
"Given the extent of the media coverage on this case, Defendant can not receive a fair trial in El Paso, Texas."
The motion was filed on June 22. No decision has been made.
Local media first began reporting on the teenager in 2011.
Gomez, a former Horizon High School student, told residents, teachers and classmates that she only had six months to live after being diagnosed with cancer.
The community rallied around Gomez and helped her create the Achieve The Dream Foundation, which raised $17,000.
A special prom was also arranged for her after she told classmates she couldn't make it to her own because she was undergoing treatments.
In June 2011, Horizon City Police received a complaint alleging that Gomez wasn't sick. Detectives than began looking into the foundation's bank records.
Following the news that Kashmiri local Farooq Ahmad Dar — who was tied to an Indian Army jeep during the Srinagar bypolls — had indeed cast his vote at the time, baiters of the forces have revisited the Major Leetul Gogoi controversy.
The officer is once again being maligned for an act that saved lives. Some anti-Army critics have been viewing the Jammu and Kashmir police report with a myopic vision, failing to comprehend the reality.
While the report stated that Dar had indeed voted in his home constituency and was passing through the region when he was picked up by the Army and tied to the vehicle led by Major Gogoi, it never mentioned who had resorted to stone pelting. That is impossible for the police to confirm, as everyone within the range of the Army vehicle was attacking it, and even threw petrol bombs at it.
Is it impossible to vote and not throw stones subsequently, when your peers are doing so?
None of these issues has been answered by the police report as it is nigh impossible to do so. Hence, those who have never experienced violence and attempted to save lives have resorted to drawing conclusions.
Subsequent NIA and ED investigations have proved incidents of violence against the Army were being funded by separatists.
Is it impossible to vote and not throw stones subsequently, when your peers are doing so?
They reduced drastically post-demonetisation and have almost come to a standstill post the crackdown by NIA and ED. Hurriyat leader Shabir Shah and his ilk have openly admitted to funding every act of violence. Hence, even if Dar had voted and realised that an opportunity to make a few hundreds was coming his way, it is possible he joined the masses.
The police report has no comment on stone-throwing as everyone in the vicinity was indulging in it. Why should anti-Army armchair critics jump to conclusions over a single fact? Visualise the ground situation and then come to a logical assertion.
The Army would not have moved through the crowds and the melee of stone pelters to pick a person from the distance to solely tie him to their vehicle.
They neither had the time nor the opportunity as they were being targeted themselves. Hence Gogoi would not have singled out Dar.
The Army column facing the brunt of stone throwing was fighting against time to rescue those trapped, while few others were involved in removing the mud that had made the vehicle immobile.
Petrol bombs were being hurled, hence time was of essence. Thus, Major Gogoi would have grabbed the nearest stone thrower to add to the confusion. The situation required quick response and immediate action to save lives. In such cases, usually, the individual indulging in stone throwing, who is closest to the vehicle, is nabbed. This person could have been Dar.
The Army is not serving in Kashmir to enjoy such events. It was earlier battling the separatists who illegally funded violence and Pakistan-sponsored terrorism in the Valley. It drew criticism from all directions, even from armchair critics who were sitting in cosy corners hundreds of kilometres away from the region.
Since the NIA crackdown has made separatists ineffective, now the forces are battling Pakistan-sponsored terrorists every day. The Army is not an enemy of the people, but risking the lives of its own to protect locals and in the interest of national integrity.
Gogoi's Quick Reaction Team (QRT) was a small force surrounded by a mob of more than 900, struggling against time and seeking to avoid casualties. It performed its task admirably and the decision of Army chief general Bipin Rawat to commend Gogoi was timely and appropriate.
Let's bury the incident and respect the Army for its role, rather than just seeking an opportunity to find fault and criticise it.
Also read - Prime Minister's Office wants Indian Army to pick up garbage: Where's your outrage now?
Congressional Democrats and the White House yesterday settled on a plan to rush $15 billion in emergency loans to the cash-strapped Detroit automakers and were working into the night to resolve final disputes over the conditions the government should attach to the money.
Under the plan, unveiled by Democratic leaders, the Treasury Department would cut checks for the car companies as soon as next week. The proposal also calls for President Bush to name a "car czar" to manage a vast restructuring of the firms and restore them to profitability.
Democrats bent to the will of the president on several key demands, most notably in agreeing that the emergency funding would be drawn from an existing loan program aimed at promoting fuel-efficient technologies.
Still, the White House objected yesterday to several elements of the Democratic proposal, congressional aides said, including requirements that the car companies notify Washington of any transaction of more than $25 million and that they pull out of lawsuits against states seeking to enforce tougher tailpipe-emissions standards.
Under the proposal, the car companies would be required to submit detailed plans for restructuring by March 31, when they would be eligible for additional government assistance. The Bush administration was pressing to strengthen those provisions to make clear that only companies that were either financially viable or taking steps to achieve viability could receive more federal cash.
In a statement, White House press secretary Dana Perino said the two sides had "made a lot of progress in recent days" and that discussions were continuing over how to "help automakers restructure and achieve long-term viability."
"Long-term financing must be conditioned on the principle that taxpayers should only assist automakers executing a credible plan for long-term viability," Perino said.
Appearing briefly before reporters, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said Democrats, too, are determined to force changes in the domestic auto industry, which had been losing customers to more nimble foreign competitors even before a deepening recession slashed demand for new cars to the lowest level in 25 years.
"Come March 31, it is our hope that there will be a viable automotive industry in our country with transparency and accountability to the taxpayer. We think that is possible," Pelosi said, adding that auto company executives, their employees, their shareholders and their network of local dealers all will be expected to make concessions.
"We call this a barbershop," Pelosi said. "Everyone is getting haircuts."
Talks continued late yesterday in Pelosi's Capitol Hill offices. Despite the administration's last-minute objections, both sides remained optimistic that a deal could be finalized and quickly presented to lawmakers for a vote.
"It is overwhelmingly likely that a bill will be on the president's desk by the end of the week," said Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.), chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, whose staff was taking the lead in drafting the measure.
Amid accusations from former prosecutor Ken Kratz that crucial damning evidence against Steven Avery was left out of the Netflix series "Making a Murderer," Avery's former attorney Dean Strang joined HuffPost Live on Wednesday to discuss his take on what was and wasn't included in the documentary.
Strang represented Avery in his 2007 trial for the murder of Teresa Halbach, during which Strang and fellow defense lawyer Jerry Buting made the case that police officers may have planted evidence to incriminate Avery. Many "Making a Murderer" viewers seem to agree, but critics say the series doesn't tell the whole story.
Strang told HuffPost Live's Alyona Minkovski that he feels the filmmakers "did a good editorial job" of exploring the arguments made by both the defense and the prosecution within the show's time constraints.
"The trial ran six weeks, five days a week, so that's about 200, 240 hours of evidence," Strang said. "If you made a movie that was 240 hours long, nobody would watch it and it would be torture to make them ... You obviously have to include only the most significant points that each side made and omit the less significant points."
Many news outlets have begun rounding up lists of the evidence presented at trial but not included in the series. One example is the claim that Halbach, who often visited Avery's home through her work as a photographer for Auto Trader magazine, allegedly told her employer she did not want to return to Avery's residence after an incident on Oct. 10, 2005, when Avery greeted her wearing only a towel. (She did return, on Oct. 31, 2005 -- the last day she was seen alive.)
Strang explained the defense's side of that assertion with a summary of other testimony not included in the documentary:
The argument that ... she didn't want to go back to the Avery property was in fact blown up by two Auto Trader witnesses who did testify at trial. So this is a really good example of less significant prosecution evidence omitted and defense evidence omitted. The Auto Trader witnesses said [Halbach's] reaction when [Avery] came from his little splash pool in a towel was 'ew,' but not that she was unwilling to go back there.
Avery was ultimately convicted and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of early release. Two petitions for Avery's release have gained hundreds of thousands of signatures, but Strang said there is "not much" hope for Avery in those efforts.
"Steven's realistic hope does not lie in a petition, as good as that is for people to become involved. It lies in the area of newly discovered evidence," he said.
On a lighter note, Strang also reacted to the popular online opinion that he has become the "unlikely sex symbol" of the Netflix series.
"'Unlikely' would be the exact word," Strang said. "Preposterous would be another possible word."
The full HuffPost Live conversation about "Making a Murderer," which also includes interviews with Brendan Dassey's lawyer and a journalist who covered the trial, is available here.
Want more HuffPost Live? Stream us anytime on Go90, Verizon's mobile social entertainment network, and listen to our best interviews on iTunes.
Also on HuffPost:
Charred buildings are all that remain of the Christian homes seized by Islamic State when the militant group attacked Iraq's plains of Nineveh two...
Charred buildings are all that remain of the Christian homes seized by Islamic State when the militant group attacked Iraq's plains of Nineveh two years ago.
Now, the small town Assyrian town of Telskuf is a base for Kurdish Peshmerga forces who recaptured it in August 2014 and now secure the front line. Just three kilometers away on the opposite side lies the village of Batnaya, still under ISIS control.
The front is quiet, but soldiers in the town — armed with Kalashnikovs and M-16s — claim they are underfunded and can't even
afford body armor.
The Peshmerga — the name means “one who faces death” — have long bemoaned their lack of international support. Representatives blame the central government in Baghdad, who they say are withholding weapons sent from abroad — a claim the United States denies.
Speaking to War Is Boring in a bombed-out ISIS base in Telskuf, Lt. Col. Manof — a Peshmerga commander — said that without heavy weaponry the Peshmerga could be vulnerable to ISIS suicide attacks.
Peshmerga in Telescuff. All photos by Diego Cupolo
“ISIS came with heavy weapons that were given to the Iraqi army by the U.S. Every though we're prepared to fight, we have old weapons, Kalashnikovs and M-16s,” he lamented in the ruins of a house hit by a coalition airstrike during the battle to retake Telescuff. “We need heavy weaponry but Baghdad keeps blocking us. They have rockets and mortars. I am lucky, I have a bulletproof vest but even this was donated.”
The Kurds weapons are basic, but Washington insists every shipment of weapons it assigned to the Kurds arrived from the central government. Baghdad has in turn claimed the Kurdistan government in Erbil should have enough money through its own oil revenues to buy more weapons and pay the Peshmerga, who often bring their own weapons to training.
Earlier this month, a suicide bomber walked through the fields that mark the no-man's-land between the Kurds and ISIS. Peshmerga soldiers shot him dead.
Manof, at left
Manof claimed these attacks are common and that without heavy weapons, a convoy of ISIS suicide bombers fleeing the southern offensive on Mosul could pose a challenge.
“At the moment we're not seeing any heavy offenses, just suicide missions, but they have schools in Mosul where they are teaching children about these tactics. We don't know how many could come here and what could happen. We don't even have enough body armor as it stands.”
U.S. support for the Peshmerga has waned. In 2014 following ISIS's massacre of Yezidi people in Sinjar, the United States agreed to supply the Pehsmerga with light arms and ammunition. Washington earmarked $353 million in military support, but in 2015 that figure dramatically declined.
The United States also trimmed back the number of Iraqi brigades it plans to train, from three to two. In Teleskuf, Manof — who said the Peshmerga cleared more than 60 IEDs in the town — described decisions to scale back support for Peshmerga forces as “confusing.”
Peshmerga in Telescuff
“Baghdad gives weapons to militias in the south and Baghdad has international support. We are an army but they keep putting sticks in the wheels when it comes to helping us,” he said. “Why are they giving weapons to militias and not the Peshmerga who have been successful in fighting ISIS?”
While the United States has treaded carefully, other powers have been keen to support the Kurds. After ISIS took Mosul in 2014, Iran was one of the first countries to send support to Peshmerga troops. Russia, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Italy also contributed — with the latter providing anti anti-tank missiles, helicopters and machine guns.
Peshmerga in Telescuff
U.S. leaders worry that the Kurds could further distance themselves from Iraq's central government — and accelerate the break-up of the current Iraqi state.
In addition to lack of military support abroad, the Peshmerga suffer internal problems. Iraqi Kurdistan is in the midst of a financial crisis that has forced Peshmerga soldiers to wait months for their pay.
In the ruins of Teleskuf — once home to 10,000 Iraqi Christians — the Kurdish soldiers wait for orders among the bricks and broken glass.
“We aren't just fighting for ourselves here,” Manof said. “I hope people in the West understand that. We get no support but we are Kurds, we are used to fighting. It's nothing new for us.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
This explainer has been updated with new developments in the John Doe investigation, including a guilty plea by a former Walker aide. Click here to jump to those details. For background on the probe, keep reading.
A dark cloud hangs over Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker.
A “John Doe” investigation launched in May 2010 has embroiled former Walker staffers and appointees from his time as Milwaukee County executive, his job before winning the governorship in November 2010. The investigation, led by Milwaukee County District Attorney John Chisholm, has led to home raids targeting former staffers with close ties to Walker and numerous felony charges for election law violations, embezzlement, and misconduct in office.
Walker says he has “fully cooperated” and “will continue to cooperate” with the John Doe probe. The governor is confident he won't be implicated, he told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel last September, because he held himself to high standards learned from his parents. “Certainly, they got me to the rank of Eagle Scout, and I continue to have that kind of integrity,” he told the paper.
What's a John Doe investigation, anyway?
Here, “John Doe” doesn't refer to one person. It is a secret legal proceeding akin to a grand jury investigation in which a prosecutor secretly gathers information on a number of individuals to find out if crimes were committed. A John Doe probe must be green-lit by a judge; in this case, according to court records, former appeals court judge Neal Nettesheim approved an investigation on May 5, 2010.
As part of a John Doe investigation, witnesses may be granted immunity from prosecution if they agree to testify under oath. If it's learned that a witness didn't tell the truth, however, he or she could face charges. Court records list six individuals who have been granted immunity in the investigation, including Cullen Werwie, Walker's chief spokesman; Rose Ann Dieck, a fixture in Milwaukee County Republican politics; and Kenneth Lucht, a lobbyist for Milwaukee-based Wisconsin and Southern Railroad Co.
Why does the scandal matter?
The probe looms large over Walker at a time when he's trying to defend himself for a well-organized, popular recall campaign to oust him from office. Walker raised $12.1 million in 2011, a chunk of which will fund ads arguing that he's an honest, fair, job-creating governor. Yet the John Doe investigation could undermine Walker's standing with the public, experts say. “It will already be a campaign issue but how many voters focus on it is yet to be seen,” notes Charles Franklin, a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin. “Certainly it is not what a candidate wants to be happening during an election.”
What has happened so far?
Here's the blow-by-blow in the John Doe probe so far:
May 2010: A source close to the John Doe investigation says it was likely triggered by press reports that Darlene Wink, Walker's constituent services coordinator for Milwaukee County, posted online comments on news stories in which she praised Walker and disparaged his opponents while on the job—that is, on the taxpayer's dime. Wink resigned hours after the Journal Sentinel‘s Dan Bice learned of her frequent postings and questioned her about them. While at work on her county computer, Wink also allegedly organized a fundraiser for Walker (PDF) and wrote press releases for the Milwaukee County GOP.
The probe widened later that May. Prosecutors began looking at allegations that a Walker donor, Wisconsin and Southern Railroad Co. CEO William Gardner, violated state elections law with excessive donations to Walker's gubernatorial campaign and by offering to reimburse employees who personally donated to the campaign. The news that John Doe prosecutors set their sights on Gardner's Walker donations appeared in an April 2011 criminal complaint (PDF). (Gardner later pled guilty to violating election law; his railroad company paid a $166,900 fine.)
August 2010: Law enforcement officials searched Wink's home as part of the John Doe probe. They also seized the work computer of Tim Russell, Walker's former deputy chief of staff and Milwaukee County's housing administrator, dragging a close Walker ally into the investigation. (Months later, Russell's home and office would be raided as well.)
November 2010: A day before the November general election, the probe inched closer to Walker after investigators subpoenaed emails from his gubernatorial campaign.
September 2011: The John Doe probe burst into public view again in September 2011, when a dozen FBI agents raided the Madison home of Cynthia Archer, who was a high-ranking administrator for Walker when he was running Milwaukee County. Agents reportedly seized a hard drive and a box of unidentified items.
December 2011: Andrew Jensen, a real estate broker and Walker donor, was arrested in December for allegedly refusing to cooperate with prosecutors in the John Doe probe. He was not charged with a crime. (Jensen's attorney, Patrick Schott, said he had no comment on the matter.)
January 5, 2012: In a bombshell announcement, investigators charged Walker appointees Tim Russell (PDF) and Kevin Kavanaugh (PDF) with embezzling $60,000 intended for a veterans support organization called Operation Freedom. (Russell's attorney, Michael Maistelman, had no comment.) The staffers used the money to pay for vacations to Hawaii and the Caribbean, wedding parties, and pro-Walker campaign websites. In a strange twist, Russell's boyfriend, Brian Pierick, was also caught by John Doe investigators and charged (PDF) for sending sexually-explicit text messages to a then-17-year-old high school student, among other things. (Warning: Pierick's complaint contains graphic language. His attorney did not respond to a request for comment.)
January 26, 2012: Late last month, two more county staffers who worked for Walker were charged (PDF) with operating a secret email network within Walker's office while he was Milwaukee County executive. The two employees, Darlene Wink (PDF) and Deputy Chief of Staff Kelly Rindfleisch (PDF), allegedly used the secret network to coordinate political fundraising for Walker and 2010 lieutenant governor candidate Brett Davis. Wink's attorney, Peter Wolff, says Wink plans to plead guilty to the two misdemeanors outlined in the DA's criminal complaint. Rindfleisch's attorney, Franklyn Gimbel, says the DA's felony charges are “a little heavy-handed” and that Rindfleisch will plead not guilty in the case. Gimbel added that he hopes to move the case out of Milwaukee County to Columbia County, in central Wisconsin, where Rindfleisch legally lives.
Walker has denied knowledge of Wink or Rindfleisch's activities. But Walker critics seized upon an email of his included in the Rindfleisch criminal complaint as evidence that Walker may have known what was going on. The email, which is reproduced below, was sent soon after the Journal Sentinel revealed Wink's on-the-clock politicking in May 2010. Walker sent it using his gubernatorial campaign email account; the recipient was Tim Russell (“her” is Darlene Wink):
Through her attorney, Wink stressed that Walker knew nothing about the political activities going on in his office. Walker spokeswoman Ciara Matthews said in a statement that Walker “expected everyone to follow the law and made that clear publicly and privately.”
What comes next?
Good question. Since John Doe probes are by definition secretive, it's unclear what shoe will drop next. In late January, Walker agreed to meet with the Milwaukee County DA's office, which had requested a meeting with Walker about the investigation. Walker also claimed to have hired two criminal lawyers for the meeting.
State Democratic and union officials say Wisconsinites will go to the polls to vote in Walker's recall election in late April or early May. The exact date depends on legal challenges and how long GOPers want to draw out the process. Whether Milwaukee County DA Chisholm, who one knowledgeable source says is “frustrated” by the probe's snail-like pace, will have closed the book on the John Doe by then is anyone's guess.
***
UPDATE 1, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 11:13 a.m.: Darlene Wink, formerly an aide to Scott Walker in the Milwaukee County executive's office, pled guilty to two misdemeanors resulting from work she did organize fundraisers for Walker's gubernatorial campaign while on the county clock. Wink will cooperate with investigators in the ongoing John Doe probe under her plea deal. Her sentencing will take place on May 15, with a maximum of six months in jail and $2,000 in fines.
UPDATE 2, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 12:28 p.m.: Reince Priebus, the Wisconsin-based chair of the Republican National Committee, said he knew nothing about the ongoing “John Doe” probe that has so far resulted in misdemeanor and felony charges against multiple former Walker aides.
Priebus was dragged into the 20-month investigation when a legal complaint against ex-Walker aide Darlene Wink, who pled guilty to politicking on Walker's behalf while on the job as Milwaukee County's constituent coordinator, featured an email from Wink to Priebus asking about organizing a fundraiser for Walker. Priebus told reporters he didn't know Wink had tried to contact him until seeing the complaint against her. As for the John Doe probe itself, Priebus said all he knew about it was what he read in the news.
Walker's creation of a legal defense fund is the strongest sign yet that the governor may be directly implicated in the ongoing investigation, led by the Milwaukee County district attorney. As WisPolitics.com notes, Wisconsin law says that individuals may start a legal defense fund only if they're under investigation or being charged for violating state campaign finance or election laws. Under state law, Walker can't ask for contributions to the legal defense fund, but he can transfer campaign donations to the defense fund if the donor okays the transfer. In January, Walker's recall campaign said it had raised $4.5 million between December 11 and January 17, and that it had more than $2.6 million on hand.
Here's Walker's full announcement:
“For nearly two years, Milwaukee County officials have been examining issues related to former employees of the County. I have repeatedly pledged my cooperation with that inquiry. I also made it clear that no public money has been used, or will be used, to pay for the attorneys needed to review documents and assist me in cooperating. “To fulfill my commitment, I have today formed a legal fund to pay for the expenses incurred in cooperating with the inquiry. The fund will operate in accordance with the Wisconsin law authorizing these accounts, which was passed almost 30 years ago.”
Michael Maistelman, a Milwaukee attorney who represents Democratic and Republican clients, says that from his reading of state law and Walker's announcement, “One can only draw the conclusion that he's being investigated or he's being prosecuted.” However, Ciara Matthews, a spokeswoman for Walker's recall campaign, told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: “We reiterate that Gov. Walker has been told that he is not a target of this investigation.”
MEERUT: Frustrated by the inaction of her colleagues and superiors over her complaints of sexual harassment by a DIG-rank officer, a woman sub-inspector who taught cyber crime at the Police Training School in UP, has created a Facebook page to force authorities to register and properly investigate her complaint. By Monday evening, her FB page, which keeps her supporters updated about the daily proceedings in the case, had 5,377 ‘likes' in support of her fight for justice.The 29-year-old SI said she was forced to go public with her complaint on social media after the investigator in the case “unfairly” removed the non-bailable offences under Section 354, which deals with assault on a woman. “After my colleagues refused to listen to my complaints, the only recourse left for me to tell the people the truth was social media,” she told TOI.The SI alleged she was called by the DIG to his office on April 23, and handed a note in which she was propositioned in an objectionable manner. Shocked, she said she tore up the piece of paper and threw it back at the officer, who then tried to molest her. She escaped from his room and complained to her seniors about the officer trying to outrage her modesty, but nobody listened. The case was eventually registered in a watered down manner June.The SI, who said she was a police academy topper, said after she went public on Facebook, many of those who like her page have changed their display picture to the one posted by her on her page which reads, “What can we expect from UP police, when they abuse their own female officers?”Rajni Kant Rai, one of those who supporting her cause, said the case has received widespread attention online. “People are aware about the case in cities like Bangalore as well. I hope the proceedings go in favour of the SI and she gets justice,” he said.
In this photo provided by Rep. John Yarmuth, D-Ky., Democratic members of Congress, including Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., center, and Rep. Joe Courtney, D-Conn., left, participate in sit-in protest on the floor of the House on June 22, 2016. (Photo11: Rep. John Yarmuth, via AP)
Corrections and clarifications: This story has been updated to clarify that Rep. Huffman's email included a link to sign up for information from his campaign, not a direct fundraising appeal.
WASHINGTON — An independent watchdog group is filing an ethics complaint against several House Democrats for violating House rules last week during lawmakers' 25-hour sit-in to demand votes on gun control.
The Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, a conservative-leaning ethics watchdog group, filed a complaint with the House Office of Congressional Ethics on Monday arguing that lawmakers violated ethics rules by fundraising around specific legislation and by using House resources for political purposes.
The House ethics manual states: "The House buildings, and Houserooms and offices – including district offices – are supported with official funds and hence are considered official resources. Accordingly, as a general rule, they may not be used for the conduct of campaign or political activities. Thus, for example, a Member may not film a campaign commercial or have campaign photos taken in a congressional office."
But at least two Democrats, Jared Huffman of California and Ben Ray Lujan of New Mexico, sent campaign emails during the sit-in featuring images of them engaged in the protest on the House floor. Lujan's appeal specifically requested a donation; Huffman provided a link to a signup for his campaign website.
House rules also prohibit fundraising inside a federal building, but Rep. Jan Schkowsky, D-Ill., sent a fundraising email Wednesday night saying "I'm asking you while sitting here on the House floor" for a donation. Schakowsky was not named in the FACT complaint.
FACT argues that beyond the use of images from inside the House chamber, the solicitations violate the ethics manual's prohibition on connecting a fundraising solicitation to a specific legislative act. The group cites fundraising emails sent by the House Democrats' campaign operation that referenced Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and sit-in leader Rep. John Lewis demanding a vote on gun control legislation.
"It is boils down to the tying of taking a vote on a piece of legislation to the fundraising," said FACT Executive Director Matthew Whitaker. "If you are going to have these high-minded rules that go to the heart of good-faith representation ... why not just repeal the rules if you have no intention of following them," Whitaker said.
Pelosi spokesman Drew Hammill dismissed the complaint as "ridiculous and without merit."
Rob Walker, a former chief counsel of the House Ethics Committee, said using images from the floor for fundraising appears to be a clear violation of House rules, but he added that the House could decide not to pursue the violators. The gun debate in Congress is an area of "intense partisan feelings," which is "never a good context for a matter to go to the Ethics Committee."
During the sit-in, several lawmakers broadcast the sit-in using social media channels including Facebook Live video and the Twitter app Periscope, which is also a violation of House rules that prohibit video on the House floor.
Rep. Beto O'Rourke, D-Texas, whose video feed was rebroadcast by C-SPAN, told USA TODAY last week, "I was asked by the Sergeant at Arms to turn it off because it was against the rules and I said 'so is sitting on the floor of the House.' "
O'Rourke said breaking House rules is "an option of last resort when there is not another way to be able to achieve your goal ... in the tradition of other acts of civil disobedience." There has been no suggestion O'Rourke was improperly fundraising.
Speaker Paul Ryan, R -Wis., said last week that the House would not tolerate continued disruptions. "We are not going to allow stunts like this to stop us from carrying out the people's business," but he was not specific about how the House respond if lawmakers tried to resume the protest after the July Fourth recess.
Ryan Spokeswoman AshLee Strong said Monday, "We are discussing next steps this week while the House is in the district work period.”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/28WuE5W
Klas Telecom is to supply its Voyager 8 deployable communications system for soldier and backpack tactical radios provided by Harris and Thales.
Featuring a rack-mountable chassis, the carbon-fibre transit case will provide mounting brackets, power, battery backup, radio relay and net management for Harris Falcon III AN/PRC 117G, Harris Falcon III AN/PRC 152A, L-3 Tactical Network Rover, Thales AN/PRC 148 MBITR/JEM, and modular RF AR-20 and AR-50 amplifiers.
Its integrated power design allows radios to be powered by the system and removed without interrupting operation, Klas Telecom said in a statement.
The system's chassis can store up to four secure network enclaves with HAIPEs, or be configured as a high-port density, single-enclave system.
"Users can now, in one airline carry-on-size case, have a complete route, switch, storage and compute network solution that also houses and integrates their data-capable tactical radios."
Klas Telecom chief technology officer Frank Murray said: “Our new Voyager Tactical Radio Integration Solution provides the ideal bridge between IP and radio worlds, without compromising on size, weight and power (SWaP).
“Users can now, in one airline carry-on-size case, have a complete route, switch, storage and compute network solution that also houses and integrates their data-capable tactical radios.”
The Voyager tactical radios are said to provide route, switch, storage and computing capabilities, as well as mounting and power for common tactical radios in a single rollaway case.
Klas Telecom operates in the US and international defence, first responder, disaster relief, law enforcement and transportation markets.
Image: Klas Telecom has built the Voyager 8 for all mounted radios. Photo: courtesy of Klas Telecom.
10 years ago
Gov. Sarah Palin will prepare for Thursday's debate from Arizona.
(CNN)– Gov. Sarah Palin will now spend two and a half days near Sedona, Arizona, to prepare for Thursday's debate, instead of prepping in St Louis, as originally planned.
Sarah Palin will be at John McCain's rustic creek side home outside Sedona for what a top aide calls "debate camp."
The aide, who's part of the team prepping Palin, tells CNN they decided to take her to debate camp there because it is an "invigorating and enjoyable place to prepare for Thursday."
"SP [Sarah Palin] loves it and has her kids and Todd coming," wrote the aide in an email.
The aide said "John McCain himself came up with the idea after thinking it would be great before his next debate.
Pailin has already been hunkered down for four days in a Philadelphia hotel for debate prep with advisers.
She will take a short break Monday to attend a rally with McCain in Ohio, before heading to Arizona.
For the past year, Apple has touted a mathematical tool that it describes as a solution to a paradoxical problem: mining user data while simultaneously protecting user privacy. That secret weapon is "differential privacy," a novel field of data science that focuses on carefully adding random noise to an individual user's information before it's uploaded to the cloud. That way, a company such as Apple's total dataset reveals meaningful results without any one person's secrets being spilled.
But differential privacy isn't a simple toggle switch between total privacy and no-holds-barred invasiveness. And a new study, which delves deeply into how Apple actually implements the technique, suggests the company has ratcheted that dial further toward aggressive data-mining than its public promises imply.
Epsilon, Epsilon
Researchers at the University of Southern California, Indiana University, and China's Tsinghua University have dug into the code of Apple's macOS and iOS operating systems to reverse-engineer just how the company's devices implement differential privacy in practice. They've examined how Apple's software injects random noise into personal information—ranging from emoji usage to your browsing history to HealthKit data to search queries—before your iPhone or MacBook upload that data to Apple's servers.
Ideally, that obfuscation helps protect your private data from any hacker or government agency that accesses Apple's databases, advertisers Apple might someday sell it to, or even Apple's own staff. But differential privacy's effectiveness depends on a variable known as the "privacy loss parameter," or "epsilon," which determines just how much specificity a data collector is willing to sacrifice for the sake of protecting its users' secrets. By taking apart Apple's software to determine the epsilon the company chose, the researchers found that macOS uploads significantly more specific data than the typical differential privacy researcher might consider private. iOS 10 uploads even more. And perhaps most troubling, according to the study's authors, is that Apple keeps both its code and epsilon values secret, allowing the company to potentially change those critical variables and erode their privacy protections with little oversight.
In response to the study, Apple points out that its data collection is purely opt-in. (Apple prompts users to share "diagnostics and usage" information with the company when its operating systems first load.) And it fundamentally disputes many of the study's findings, including the degree to which Apple can link any specific data to a specific user.
But the study's authors stand by their claims and maintain that Apple oversells its differential privacy protections. "Apple's privacy loss parameters exceed the levels typically considered acceptable by the differential privacy research community," says USC professor Aleksandra Korolova, a former Google research scientist who worked on Google's own implementation of differential privacy until 2014. She says the dialing down of Apple's privacy protections in iOS in particular represents an "immense increase in risk" compared to the uses most researchers in the field would recommend.
Frank McSherry, one of the inventors of differential privacy and a former Microsoft researcher, puts his interpretation of the study's findings more candidly: "Apple has put some kind of handcuffs on in how they interact with your data," he says. "It just turns out those handcuffs are made out of tissue paper."
'Not a Reassuring Guarantee'
To determine the exact parameters Apple uses to handicap its data mining, the Indiana, USC and Tsinghua researchers spent more than six months digging through the code of macOS and iOS 10, identifying the specific files Apple assembles, encrypts, and uploads from iPhones and Macs back to its servers once a day. They used the reverse-engineering tool Hopper to pull the code apart and debugging tools to watch it run in real time to see how it functions, step by step.
Based on those observations, Korolova says, the research team determined that macOS's implementation of differential privacy uses an epsilon of 6, while iOS 10 has an epsilon of 14. As that epsilon value increases, the risk that an individual user's specific data can be ascertained increases exponentially.
According to differential privacy coinventor McSherry, academics generally see any value of epsilon over one as a serious privacy compromise. iOS and macOS send that data back to Apple once a day; McSherry says the risk increases with every day's upload. "Anything much bigger than one is not a very reassuring guarantee," McSherry says. "Using an epsilon value of 14 per day strikes me as relatively pointless" as a safeguard. (The researchers found that the beta version of iOS11 has an epsilon of 43, but the virtually nonexistent privacy protection that implies could be a temporary measure in the beta that will be changed in the full-fledged version of the OS.)
'Apple has put some kind of handcuffs on in how they interact with your data. It just turns out those handcuffs are made out of tissue paper.' —Frank McSherry, Differential Privacy Pioneer
To better understand the implications of those numbers, McSherry suggests a simplified example: Say someone has told their phone's health app they have a one-in-a-million medical condition, and their phone uploads that data to the phone's creator on a daily basis, using differential privacy with an epsilon of 14. After one upload obfuscated with an injection of random data, McSherry says, the company's data analysts would be able to figure out with 50 percent certainty whether the person had the condition. After two days of uploads, the analysts would know about that medical condition with virtually 100 percent certainty. "Even after just one day, you've already blown this really strong security," McSherry says.
Apple, however, strongly disputes the researchers' epsilon values for its privacy system. The company argues that its differential privacy system adds different levels of noise to different types of data, with far more protection than the researchers acknowledged for each kind, and especially for sensitive data like that uploaded by HealthKit. They also point out that the researchers essentially added together the epsilons for each type of data, and assumed that those different data points could be correlated to learn about a user over time. But Apple says it doesn't correlate those different kinds of data—that it's not sure how disparate data types like emoji use and health data could be meaningfully correlated. And it adds that it also doesn't assemble profiles of individuals over time, institutes limits on storing data that would make that correlation impossible, and throws out any data like IP addresses that could be used as unique identifiers to tie any findings to a particular person.
Once and Future Threats
Korolova counters that the point of differential privacy is that it assumes the worst behavior from the company collecting the data. When properly implemented, users don't have to trust a company to handle their personal data in a certain way on their faraway servers; the guarantees of differential privacy govern how much specific data they can access in the first place. Apple may use other layers of defenses against invading its users' privacy, as it says, but Korolova argues those other measures can change without users' knowledge, and don't make the company's vaunted implementation of differential privacy itself any less weak.
As for the supposed difficulty of correlating disparate data types, Korolova argues that differential privacy exists to prevent exactly this sort of "failure of imagination." "Just because they can't think of how to correlate this data doesn't mean that someone else can't," she says. Differential privacy helps provide mathematical guarantees against clever correlation techniques that don't yet exist, not just those currently in use.
But Apple shouldn't be judged too harshly for its differential privacy imperfections, argues McSherry. The company, after all, has devoted enormous resources toward other privacy-preserving technologies, like full-disk encryption in the iPhone and end-to-end encryption in iMessage and FaceTime. And it's only one of a small number of Silicon Valley companies that has at least taken a first step towards a more privacy-preserving form of data mining, he says. Some differential privacy likely beats none at all. "It's a bit like agreeing to the Paris Climate Accords and then realizing you're a megapolluter and way over your limits," McSherry says. "It's still an interesting and probably good first step."
For comparison, the other major player in the differential privacy world is Google, whose differential privacy system for Chrome is known as RAPPOR, or Randomized Aggregatable Privacy-Preserving Ordinal Response. According to Google's own analysis, that system claims to have an epsilon of 2 for any particular data sent to the company, and an upper limit of 8 or 9 over the lifetime of the user. That's in theory better than the Indiana, USC, and Tsinghua study's assessment of Apple's differential privacy. And Google also open-sources its RAPPOR code, so that any changes to its epsilon values would be far more obvious. Then again, companies like Facebook and Microsoft have made no public efforts to implement differential privacy, despite Microsoft researchers inventing it over a decade ago.
What Korolova finds most troubling about Apple's approach, however, is its opacity. It took six months of analysis by a team of researchers to determine the epsilon of its differential privacy systems, when Apple could simply publish it openly. "They're saying 'yes, we implement differential privacy, trust us, but we're not going to tell you at what level we do it,'" Korolova says. "By virtue of not revealing what their parameters are, they're kind of breaking any real commitment."
She hopes that the outcome of her study will not be to shame Apple, but to pressure it to open up about how exactly it uses differential privacy—and potentially create more competition among other companies to match or exceed that standard. "If Apple were more transparent about what they're doing," she says, "that would be a win for privacy overall."
And in the meantime, if Apple's data sharing protections are too lax or opaque for your liking, you can always stop sharing yours.
iPhone, You Phone
Anonymous asked:
How many storyboards did the Infinity Train pilot have?
There was only one storyboard and a couple different versions of it. The pilot was about 8:30 minutes long. There were roughly 300 pages and 179 scenes. That adds up to about 600 storyboard panels. It sounds like a lot, and it is, but it's much less than a regular 11 minute episode of other shows. I was brought up in Regular Show where we always kept really limited on how much we drew in any given scene. OKKO, if I were to guess, is probably much bigger. Same with Steven Universe and just about any CG show.
Basically, any show that has a bunch of cool animation in it that's really intricate and beautiful has a ton of storyboard panels to go along with it, increasing how much their board artists end up drawing (practically keyframes sometimes).
Growing up in the 80s and 90s in Chevy Chase, Maryland, an inside-the-Beltway suburb, I only learned one thing about fossil fuels: they were causing global warming. That is, the CO2 my parents' SUV was producing was making the Earth a lot hotter and that would make a lot of things worse. Oh, and one more thing: that this was a matter of scientific consensus.
Looking into the issue a bit, I found that there were professionals in climate science, such as Richard Lindzen of MIT, and Patrick Michaels of the University of Virginia, who said that global warming wasn't the big deal it was made out to be. But they seemed to be very much in the minority. Who was right? Of course, I knew the majority isn't always right—but it certainly isn't always wrong.
What was I supposed to make of all this? I think this is a predicament most of us experience. On the one hand, there is something authoritarian about calls to obey “consensus” such as John Kerry's recent “When 97 percent of scientists agree on anything, we need to listen, and we need to respond.” On the other hand, there is something anti-science about the militant skepticism of some critics of the “climate change consensus.” For instance, ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson says: “The term scientific consensus is an oxymoron in itself.” Not true. How can we possibly function in a complex division-of-labor society if we don't consult experts—which includes learning about what there is consensus on (and what there isn't) among the experts in different fields?
Scientific consensuses are an important part of any modern society—they tell us the general state of agreement in a field, not so we can blindly obey the experts in question (experts and consensuses can be wrong) but so that we can understand and critically think about those experts' views. For example, if you are thinking about nutrition, it is a valuable starting point to know where there is general agreement, where there isn't, and why. If I read a book endorsing a controversial diet, I can't really have a responsible opinion until I know what most experts in the field think about the issues—including whether they have powerful arguments against the book's claims that I couldn't have thought of myself.
Thus, statements of scientific consensus can be extremely valuable tools. But they are only valuable, and only scientific, if they are explained clearly to the public. We need to know exactly who agrees with what for what reasons, and just as importantly, where there is disagreement within the consensus and for what reasons.
For example, it makes a big difference if there is a consensus that there is some global warming vs. a consensus that there will be catastrophic global warming. It makes a big difference if the consensus is based on issues that the experts have expertise on, such as climate records, vs. issues that they do not have expertise on, such as the economics of fossil fuels vs. solar and wind. Most consensus statements, however, are very unclear on who agrees with what and why. They are unscientific consensuses—misrepresentations of the state of scientific opinion designed to further a political agenda.
Take the consensus statement of the American Geophysical Union, which can be found in its entirety here. Like most consensus documents, it starts with something there is definitely a consensus on: “Extensive, independent observations confirm the reality of global warming.” But then, with equal certainty, it cites dramatic predictions of climate models that, even the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reluctantly acknowledged, demonstrably failed to predict the climate of the past two decades. And still, with equal certainty, it calls for “urgent” political action to reduce fossil fuel use—with no acknowledgment of the cost of doing so.
Are observations, dramatic model predictions, and complex political decisions really all on the same scientific footing? No—but this kind of statement makes it seem as if they are all a matter of expert consensus.
I have spent quite a bit of time querying experts on this issue, and in my understanding the actual consensus in the field is something like the following.
When CO2 is added to the atmosphere it, all things being equal, has a mild, decelerating (logarithmic) warming effect; each additional CO2 molecule leads to less warming than the last. This effect has made some contribution to the widely-accepted .8 degrees C average warming in the last 150 years.
Within this consensus, there is considerable disagreement about whether other aspects of the atmosphere, called “feedbacks,” significantly amplify the CO2-induced warming or not. This is called the issue of “climate sensitivity.” More climate scientists than not seem to believe in significant climate sensitivity, as evidenced by the fact that the computer models used to predict climate are based on the assumption of significant climate sensitivity.
At the same time, there is also consensus that in the last 15+ years there has been no significant global warming, despite record, accelerating CO2 emissions, and the climate models based on high sensitivity failed to predict this. There is dispute over whether and to what extent this supports the low-sensitivity theory of CO2. (Here is an account of the data and debate.)
I could go on about the consensus or lack thereof on other issues—the relationship between warming and extreme weather events, whether there have been significant changes in extreme weather events, etc.—but the point is I want the field of climate science to do that, so that we can think critically about it and ask questions.
What it shouldn't be doing—but is—is telling us what political policies, namely fossil fuel policies, to adopt. The question of fossil fuel policy is an interdisciplinary one covering many fields that climate scientists are not experts on.
That means we need botanists to explain to us the potential benefits of increased CO2 in the air for plant growth. We need economists to share their knowledge about the consequences of more expensive energy if fossil fuels are restricted—and the capacity of human beings to adapt to climate change (man-made or not) over a period of decades. We need energy experts to tell us how far away solar, wind, and other alternatives are from providing the benefits of fossil fuels. We need geographers to share their knowledge on whether the climate has become more or less livable as we've used fossil fuels.
Having tried to get this information myself from these fields, I believe that if the state of knowledge and agreement in each field were objectively presented, we would conclude that the consequences of continuing to use large amounts of fossil fuels would be overwhelmingly positive to human life, and the consequences of restricting them would be overwhelmingly negative. But right now it's hard for anyone to know what to conclude, because in today's "consensus" statements, representatives of scientific fields neither explain the state of knowledge precisely, nor do they stick to their area of specialization.
Take a look at the NASA Global Climate Change Consensus page, which features 18 different consensus statements from professional scientific societies. The vast majority of these organizations don't specialize in climate science, yet they make definitive statements about climate science. And many also use their scientific credibility to demand specific political policies.
The prestigious American Physical Society says “We must reduce emissions of greenhouse gases beginning now.” Really? Many in the fields of energy and economics have argued that forced reductions in greenhouse gases would lead to catastrophic consequences for human life, particularly in developing countries that need affordable energy to develop. As an association of physicists with no specialized knowledge of these issues, it is an abuse of scientific standing for the American Physical Society to support specific energy policies. A proper consensus statement by physicists would educate us about the physics of climate, not the politics of physicists.
I say, bring on the scientific consensus about climate change—and the scientific consensuses about everything else related to energy and environmental policy. Knowing what specialists in these fields think would be truly valuable information for our critical thinking about vital issues. But it's time to stop the intimidation and manipulation. It's time to throw out the unscientific consensus.
Alex Epstein is founder of the Center for Industrial Progress and author of The Moral Case for Fossil Fuels.
It's been a long time since NBC released their schedule for all the stateside teams, but yesterday TSN here in Canada released the national TV schedule for their networks. All in all, 36 matches featuring at least one of the Canadian teams will be shown by the network, with 18 of them featuring Toronto FC.
Every all-Canadian match will be shown on the main TSN network, while the same family of networks will carry the MLS Cup final and the All-Star Game from Philadelphia. This of course means all the remaining league and Champions League will likely be found on the premium cable channel GOL TV Canada, while the Canadian Championship will be shown on Rogers Sportsnet.
So over half of our matches will be shown nationally. Can't complain about that now!
The ice-giant Neptune remains a somewhat enigmatic world - perched at the edge of our classical solar system, but at what is merely the start of the great outer plains of the Kuiper-belt.
In 1989 the Voyager 2 spacecraft flew by and captured what are still our best images of this 17 Earth-mass planet, showing a deep blue globe with subtle streaks and a 'Great Dark Spot'. That spot, an atmospheric vortex of high pressure, appeared to involve the highest wind speeds of any planet in the solar system, hitting an astonishing 2,100 kilometers per hour (1,300 miles per hour).
Voyager 2's image of the 1989 Great Dark Spot on Neptune - the smallest features are about 50 km across (Credit: NASA/JPL)
For Neptune to be this dynamic is somewhat counterintuitive. At the outer edge of the atmosphere the temperature is a frigid 55 Kelvin (-218 Celsius), while the deep high-pressure core of the planet reaches a relatively modest 5,400 Kelvin. Neptune is, by our standards, a very cold place.
Later data, taken by the Hubble Space Telescope in the mid 1990's, confirmed similar features to those spotted by Voyager. Now, in 2016, Hubble has taken a fresh look and found another dark spot.
As with the earlier data, this spot is also paired with bright clouds. What appears to be happening is that the dark spot is a high pressure system, a 'mountain' of atmosphere. Surrounding streams of material - mostly hydrogen and helium, but also small amounts of compounds like methane - can be lofted over the top of the high pressure system and into much colder layers where reflective ices can form.
Hubble images of Neptune, right hand panel indicate data taken at different wavelengths (Credit: NASA, ESA, and Z. Levay (STScI))
As reported by the investigative team, the icy clouds are a lot like the phenomenon of orographic clouds that we see here on Earth - pancake-like formations that happen over terrestrial mountains.
This latest Hubble data helps confirm that bright Neptunian clouds are paired with dark vortices. Ground-based telescopes have been able to spot these bright features, but lack the resolution to probe the dark spots at bluer wavelengths. Now it seems that the evolution of these features can be traced with future Earth-based data.
Because the dark spots, or vortices, of Neptune come and go much more rapidly than a feature like Jupiter's Great Red Spot (that's been seen for the past 400 years), this is an opportunity to learn much more about Neptune's chilly secrets.
Buy Photo There is speculation growing that a Louisville-based hotel developer, 21c Museum Hotels LLC, may be interested in converting the old City Hall (shown in photo), at the corner of Alabama and Ohio streets, into a combination boutique hotel and museum. After city offices moved out in the 1960s, the building has been the site of a museum and temporary library, among other uses. City officials said they are considering alternative uses for the century-old neoclassical building. (Photo: Frank Espich / The Star)Buy Photo
For years, city officials have looked for an interested buyer for the former City Hall, the vacant, 105-year-old, neoclassical building on the corner of Alabama and Ohio streets, just a stone's throw from the bustling Indianapolis City Market.
Some possible uses bandied about for the once-grand, now-dilapidated building have included a motor-sports museum, a distillery and an innovation center for startup companies.
Now a buzz is growing about the four-story building possibly being converted into a boutique hotel. And a potential buyer whose name keeps coming up: 21c Museum Hotels LLC, based in Louisville.
Several brokers and hotel officials say they have heard that 21c is interested and are excited by the prospect of turning the abandoned old building into something vibrant again.
Meanwhile, the fast-growing company is doing nothing to tamp down speculation that it's giving the building a serious look. It operates three artsy, upscale hotels in Louisville, Cincinnati and Bentonville, Ark. Two more are scheduled to open this year in Durham, N.C., and Lexington, Ky.
Other projects being designed or under development are in Oklahoma City, Nashville and Kansas City.
What 21c does is buy historic downtown buildings and rehabilitate them into a combination of boutique hotels with about 150 rooms and contemporary art museums. The buildings typically have high ceilings, exposed brick walls and lots of high-impact visual contrast between the old architecture and the modern art.
That would seem to be a natural fit for the stately building, whose features include an 85-foot stained-glass dome and grand staircases.
But the 65,000-square-foot building has fallen into disrepair in recent years, with cracked and peeling paint and plaster. Water leaks in an upper-floor office area have damaged flooring and a wall. City officials have said the building would need a costly renovation on the order of $10 million to upgrade steam heating or other utilities and restore an interior that's falling apart in places.
"If they could do that, it would be a neat transformation," said Jon Owens, an office broker for DTZ, a commercial real estate brokerage. "It's an important piece of property."
Owens said that whole side of Downtown is undergoing a renaissance, with work underway for the Cummins office tower and Market Square Tower apartment building on the site of the old Market Square Arena.
"Cummins will generate a ton of vendors and service providers, and they would love to have an interesting hotel nearby," he said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Phil Ray, general manager of the JW Marriott, with more than 1,000 rooms Downtown, said has heard the 21c Museum Hotel speculation and thinks it makes "a lot of sense."
He called the former City Hall a good location for a boutique hotel, close to the artsy Mass Ave district and other Downtown sites.
"They're the type to do something creative with that building," Ray said.
Since old city offices moved out in the 1960s, the building has had a revolving list of tenants. For more than three decades, it was the first permanent home of the Indiana State Museum. Then, from 2002 to 2007, it served as the interim Indianapolis Central Library while the main library underwent an expansion.
In 2013, the Indiana Landmarks Center hosted an affair in the building to explore potential uses. One of the leading recommendations was to use the hall as a component of a boutique hotel, said Marsh Davis, the center's president.
"We would be thrilled if something along those lines happens," he said on Friday.
The company said it had nothing to announce. But Stephanie Greene, a spokeswoman for 21c Museum Hotels, said the company is looking at lots of opportunities, including Indianapolis.
"We are definitely impressed by what's going on there," she said on Friday. "It would be a fantastic market."
The city, which owns the building, said it has no news about the property. No permits, plans or other paperwork have been submitted by 21c or anyone else, said John Bartholomew, public information officer for the city's Department of Metropolitan Development.
"We continue to consider a myriad of alternatives for old city hall," he said.
Call Star reporter John Russell at (317) 444-6283 and follow him on Twitter @johnrussell99
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1DTtKkA
Despite the strong play of “3 Alphas”, particularly Dwyane Wade, this preseason, the offensive system that the Bulls will run given their personnel is still suspect. The lack of three point shooting and spacing it provides has been an obvious point all offseason.
So Instead, the Bulls should use Butler and Wade in post up situations.
Playing in the post won't be a new thing for Dwyane Wade. The Miami Heat used Wade in the post 10.5% of the total plays that they ran for him and it has something that he has done for a while. According to NBA.com, Wade scored 0.85 points per possession (PPP) in post up situations last season. He shot 41% from the field in those situations and was in the 57th percentile among NBA players. With his finishing around the rim plus his ability to draw fouls, Wade can be a problem in the post. He can pump fake a defender into a shooting foul or use his fadeaway shot to create separation between him and his man. Like in the clip below, Wade uses his craftiness and quickness to his advantage.
Wade initially was going to receive the ball from Hassan Whiteside but couldn't find an opening. So the ball was reversed to Josh McRoberts on the right side and he found Wade in the post. As soon as he caught the ball, Wade used a quick fake out move to the left and got his defender Sean Kilpatrick to jump to that side. Right when Kilpatrick moved, Wade spun the other way and had an easy left handed layup.
While the post was a mainstay in Wade's offensive arsenal, the same can't be said about Jimmy Butler. Although Butler scored 0.86 PPP in the post, he only was in post up situations 5.7% of the time. But his game is suited for it. Butler is great at finishing in the paint and has shown the ability to finish after contact. Last season, 30% of Butlers total shots came at the rim. With Butler spending a lot of time near the basket, whether it's via a drive to the basket or a baseline cut, he can develop a solid post game.
Chicago has experimented with Butler posting up in the past and this preseason. In the clip against the Minnesota Timberwolves last year (shoutout to our own Tyler Pleiss for the video), Butler was able to beat Andrew Wiggins in the post for and one. He was able to back down Wiggins into the middle of the paint and force Ricky Rubio to come help. He then spun back to the right and finished off the glass even with Rubio fouling his right arm.
He has also shown that he can hit a fadeaway jumper from the block like Wade can. Butler got some separation from Jared Dudley and used it to get off a shot.
Against Indiana last week, the Bulls gave the ball to Butler in the post whenever he was matched up against Monta Ellis and Jeff Teague. Using the size to his advantage, Butler was able to get some good shots in the paint from those match ups. If Butler has the size advantage over an opposing defender, then there is no reason as to why the Bulls shouldn't try him in the post.
Chicago could also use their latest acquisition, Michael Carter-Williams, as a potential candidate to play down low. At 6'6, MCW will have some size advantages against smaller point guards. Given his lack of shooting (25.5% career three-point percentage), Carter-Williams needs to take advantage of a size mismatch whenever possible. We saw him do that against Chicago whenever he was guarded against Aaron Brooks. As soon as Milwaukee set up their offense, they went right to him in the post. At his size and length, MCW could be another option for Chicago in the post. But he will have to learn how to be more effective in the post considering the Bucks didn't use him there a whole lot.
MCW ranked in the 5th percentile in post-ups last year. He was a lot better two years ago, but he's not a finished work down there. https://t.co/Y8d3kDTU8Q — Stephen Noh (@hungarianjordan) October 17, 2016
The Bulls will be looking for new creative ways to get good looks on offense. With the roster they are given, Fred Hoiberg will be forced to adjust his offensive system to fit the personnel. He can't exactly shoot a lot of threes considering his three best players don't shoot very well from deep. Using his guards in the post where they can use their size and quickness against defenders could be a good idea for Hoiberg
FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - A 16-year prison sentence for the former captain of the Costa Concordia cruise liner for his role in the deadly 2012 shipwreck was upheld on Tuesday by an Italian appeals court.
A general view of the capsized cruise liner Costa Concordia surrounded by cranes, near the harbour of Giglio Porto, October 12, 2012. REUTERS/Max Rossi
Francesco Schettino, who was commanding the ship when it hit rocks off the Tuscan island of Giglio, killing 32 people, and the prosecutor had both appealed against the sentence handed down last year.
Schettino was found guilty by a lower court of multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and abandoning passengers in one of the highest-profile shipping disasters in recent years.
Florence's appeals court upheld that ruling, rejecting a prosecutor's request to extend the term to 27 years and three months and Schettino's lawyers' call for him to be acquitted.
The captain, who has admitted some responsibility but denied blame for the deaths that occurred during the evacuation after the ship's side tore on the rocky shore, did not attend court.
“The blame is shared, the problem is quantifying it,” Schettino's lawyer Donato Laino said outside court after breaking the news to his client by telephone.
Asked whether Schettino, who wept during his final testimony last year, had expressed bitterness, Laino said: “Certainly.”
Schettino can appeal against the appeal court's ruling, which also bars him from working on a ship for five years.
The judges who delivered the first verdict ruled that he would not go to prison until the appeals process - which can take years in Italy - is complete.
Investigators said Schettino brought the 290-metre vessel too close to shore and criticized his behavior severely.
The ship's owner, Carnival Corp (CCL.N) unit Costa Cruises, paid a fine of 1 million euros ($1.3 million at the time) and prosecutors accepted plea bargains from five officials.
A lawyer representing a group of survivors said she had asked for a probe into the company's role to be reopened, because “there are still some guilty parties to identify”.
The Costa Concordia's hulk wallowed on its side in the waters off Giglio, a popular holiday destination, for two-and-a-half years before it was righted and towed away in one of the most expensive maritime wreck recoveries in history.
The last body was recovered in 2014.
The Florence court ruled Costa Cruises and Schettino should pay the island's government 300,000 euros in compensation.
As the scandal-tarred Republican candidate ponders his future, a look at the implications for the remainder of the GOP presidential field
On a conference call Tuesday morning, Herman Cain told campaign staffers he's " reassessing " his candidacy in the wake of the latest allegation of sexual misbehavior against him.
Cain said he would stick to his schedule, including a speech at Michigan's Hillsdale College scheduled for 6 p.m. tonight. "We're going to continue until we complete our assessment over the next several days," he said, according to National Review's Robert Costa, who was on the call.
"But if a decision is made different than to plow ahead, you all will be the first to know," Cain added.
Thus begins the deathwatch stage of the former pizza CEO's twisting presidential campaign saga. The vultures have been circling Cain for the last several weeks as the scandal has played out; Cain's blunders have only accelerated the slide.
Who stands to benefit if Cain does drop out? What's clearest is who doesn't: Mitt Romney.
As a flawed and unloved front-runner, Romney's best shot has always been against a fragmented field of subpar challengers. From Cain to Rick Santorum to Ron Paul, the more secondary candidates carve up the pie of voters who see Romney as unacceptable, the fewer votes he needs to achieve a plurality win in each successive primary.
The revolving-door nature of the race so far, with successive challengers peaking and then fading, has been Romney's dream scenario: Even as Michele Bachmann, Rick Perry and Cain have lost ground, they've each retained their hold on a small corps of followers, draining more votes from the anti-Romney pool.
As the currently surging Romney alternative, Newt Gingrich seems best poised to win over the votes freed up by a Cain withdrawal, though it's not a clear-cut transfer. The Cain fans who identify with the Tea Party might go to Michele Bachmann, while his evangelical supporters could flee to either Bachmann or Rick Santorum. Rick Perry looks like a plausible substitute on paper, but it's hard to overstate how completely GOP voters have written him off after his many problematic performances in debates and at other venues.
Though Gingrich is far more fluent than Cain on the details of policy, the two share a stylistic appeal: an air of authenticity, as well as a certain joie de vivre. Gingrich always seems like he's having fun and believes what he's saying. (And Gingrich's personal baggage -- garden-variety adultery and lack of marital commitment -- looks downright tame next to what Cain's been accused of.) And with his credentials as the architect of the 1994 Republican revolution and the GOP's scholar-in-residence, Gingrich has a plausible electability pitch.
Steve Deace, a Des Moines-based syndicated radio host, said whether or not Cain decides to soldier on, his time is up.
"Anytime you're not sure if that's the job I should take -- it's not. If you're not sure if that's the woman I should marry -- it's not. Any candidate who openly talks about whether they should be in the race at this stage, no, they shouldn't," he told The Atlantic.
But the successive candidate boomlets have proved that a large number of voters are determined to choose a nominee other than Romney. "Romney's only strategy is to be the John McCain of 2008 -- the last man standing," Deace said. "The fewer alternatives to Romney, the higher likelihood of galvanizing the anti-Romney sentiment, which is the majority of the Republican electorate."
Image credit: Getty Images/Mandel Ngan
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) returns to pay-per-view (PPV) TONIGHT (Sat., April 26, 2014) when Light Heavyweight champion, Jon Jones, looks to add another formidable name to his unrivaled hit list, Glover Teixeira, in a five-round main event attraction.
In addition, UFC 172: "Jones vs. Teixeira," which will emanate from Baltimore Arena in Baltimore, Md., will feature another meaningful 205-pound scrap top-ranked contender, Phil Davis, and the returning Anthony Johnson.
That's just the top of a solid 10-fight card from "Charm City."
UFC 172 will begin around 7:30 p.m. ET with the Bantamweight fight between The Ultimate Fighter (TUF) 18 alums, Chris Beal vs. Patrick Williams, which will stream LIVE on "Fight Pass," the promotion's new online digital network.
Here are UFC 172 "Fight Pass" (inter) national programming options:
ONLINE
Brazil -- Blocked
Latin America -- TelevisaDeportes.com
All other countries -- Fight Pass on UFC.TV
CABLE/SATELLITE
Brazil -- Combate
Mexico -- UFC Network
Bolivia -- UFC Network
Chile -- UFC Network
Ecuador -- UFC Network
Paraguay -- UFC Network
Peru -- UFC Network
Dominican Republic -- UFC Network
Venezuela -- UFC Network
Once the half-hour-long "Fight Pass" stream ends, the rest of the "Prelims" under card will begin to air live on FOX Sports 1 at 8 p.m., featuring fights between Joseph Benavidez vs. Timothy Elliott and Takanori Gomi vs. Isaac Vallie-Flagg, among others.
Here are UFC 172 FOX Sports 1 international programming options:
ONLINE
United States -- Blocked
United Kingdom -- Blocked
Australia -- Blocked
Brazil -- Blocked
All other countries -- Fight Pass on UFC.TV
CABLE/SATELLITE
North America and Canada
United States -- FOX Sports 1 and FOX Deportes
Canada -- Sportsnet 360 and TVA Sports
Central/South America
Brazil - Combate
Mexico - UFC Network
Argentina - UFC Network
Bolivia - UFC Network
Chile - UFC Network
Colombia - UFC Network
Ecuador - UFC Network
Paraguay - UFC Network
Peru - UFC Network
Dominican Republic - UFC Network
Venezuela - UFC Network
Pacific Rim
Australia - FUEL TV
New Zealand - SKY Sports
Japan - WOWOW
American Samoa - Fox Sports Asia
Brunei - Fox Sports Asia
Cambodia - Fox Sports Asia
China - Fox Sports Asia
Cook Islands - Fox Sports Asia
Fiji - Fox Sports Asia
French Polynesia - Fox Sports Asia
Futuna Island - Fox Sports Asia
Hong Kong - Fox Sports Asia
Indonesia - Fox Sports Asia
Kiribati Islands - Fox Sports Asia
Laos - Fox Sports Asia
Macau - Fox Sports Asia
Malaysia - Fox Sports Asia
Micronesia - Fox Sports Asia
Mynamar - Fox Sports Asia
Nauru - Fox Sports Asia
New Caledonia - Fox Sports Asia
Niue - Fox Sports Asia
N. Mariana Islands - Fox Sports Asia
Papau New Guinea - Fox Sports Asia
Pitcairn - Fox Sports Asia
Palau - Fox Sports Asia and PNCC
Singapore - Fox Sports Asia
Solomon Islands - Fox Sports Asia
South Pacific Islands - Fox Sports Asia
Tahiti - Fox Sports Asia
Thailand - Fox Sports Asia
Tokelau - Fox Sports Asia
Tonga - Fox Sports Asia
Tuvalu - Fox Sports Asia
Vanuatu - Fox Sports Asia
Vietnam - Fox Sports Asia
Wallis - Fox Sports Asia
Western Samao - Fox Sports Asia
Europe / Middle East / Africa
United Kingdom / Ireland - BT Sport 1
Algeria - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Armenia - Setanta Sports
Azerbaijan - Setanta Sports
Bahrain - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Belarus - Setanta Sports
Chad - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Comoros Islands - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Djibouti - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Georgia - Setanta Sports
Egypt - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Iraq - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Jordan - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Kazakhstan - Setanta Sports
Kuwait - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Kyrgyzstan - Setanta Sports
Lebanon - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Maldova - Setanta Sports
Mauritania - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Morocco - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Oman - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Palestine - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Qatar - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Saudi Arabia - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Tajikistan - Setanta Sports
Turkmenistan - Setanta Sports
Tunisia - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
United Arab Emirates - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Uzbekistan - Setanta Sports
Yemen - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Meanwhile, there are tons of ways to watch the PPV main card tonight, which begins at 10 p.m. ET., featuring the aforementioned 205-pound championship clash between "Bones" "Hands of Stone," the winner of which will likely fight No. 1 contender, Alexander Gustafsson, next (unless an immediate rematch is required, of course).
You can call up Comcast or your local cable and/or satellite provider (DirecTV, DISH Network, etc.) and order the PPV on your television. For the Internet folks among us, you can also stream the event on your computers using UFC.TV, Yahoo! Sports, YouTube.com or UStream, among others.
And if you're really in a pinch, you can watch UFC 172 on your mobile phone via the Android Market and AppStore or even now on Roku. Gamers can also catch the UFC 172 action on Xbox Live and PS3/PS4 with the help of their video game consoles.
Want to watch UFC 172 at a local bar? Find out which establishments near you are showing the fights tonight right here.
However, if you need your UFC 172 results as soon as possible, for free, MMAmania.com will deliver up-to-the-minute results and live fight coverage, including round-by-round, blow-by-blow coverage of all the "Jones vs. Teixeira" action before, during and after the event RIGHT HERE.
Here are UFC 172 PPV (inter)national programming options:
ONLINE
United States, Brazil and India -- Blocked
All other countries (excluding the United Kingdom, Brazil and India) -- PPV on UFC.TV
All other countries (excluding the United Kingdom, Brazil and India) -- PPV on USTREAM
United States and Canada -- PPV on YouTube
CABLE/SATELLITE
North America
United States and Canada -- PPV
Central/South America
Brazil - Combate
Mexico - UFC Network
Argentina - UFC Network
Bolivia - UFC Network
Chile - UFC Network
Colombia - UFC Network
Ecuador - UFC Network
Paraguay - UFC Network
Peru - UFC Network
Dominican Republic - UFC Network
Venezuela - UFC Network
Pacific Rim
Australia - Main Event
Philippines - Balls and ABS CMB Sport and Action
New Zealand - Sky Sports
Japan - WOWOW
Korea - SuperAction and SPOTV
Mongolia - Sansar HD
American Samoa - Fox Sports Asia
Brunei - Fox Sports Asia
Cambodia - Fox Sports Asia
China - Fox Sports Asia and Guangdong TV
Cook Islands - Fox Sports Asia
Fiji - Fox Sports Asia
French Polynesia - Fox Sports Asia
Futuna Island - Fox Sports Asia
Hong Kong - Fox Sports Asia
Indonesia - Fox Sports Asia
Kiribati Islands - Fox Sports Asia
Laos - Fox Sports Asia
Macau - Fox Sports Asia
Malaysia - Fox Sports Asia
Micronesia - Fox Sports Asia
Mynamar - Fox Sports Asia
Nauru - Fox Sports Asia
New Caledonia - Fox Sports Asia
Niue - Fox Sports Asia
N. Mariana Islands - Fox Sports Asia
Papau New Guinea - Fox Sports Asia
Pitcairn - Fox Sports Asia
Palau - Fox Sports Asia and PNCC
Singapore - Fox Sports Asia
Solomon Islands - Fox Sports Asia
South Pacific Islands - Fox Sports Asia
Tahiti - Fox Sports Asia
Taiwan - FOX Sports Taiwan
Thailand - Fox Sports Asia
Tokelau - Fox Sports Asia
Tonga - Fox Sports Asia
Tuvalu - Fox Sports Asia
Vanuatu - Fox Sports Asia
Vietnam - Fox Sports Asia
Wallis - Fox Sports Asia
Western Samao - Fox Sports Asia
Europe / Middle East / Africa
United Kingdom / Ireland - BT Sport 1
Croatia - Fight Channel
Sweden - CMORE TV4
Norway - CMORE
Finland - MTV MaxX
Denmark - Canal 8 Sport
Portugal - SportTV
Romania - GSP TV
Israel - Sport 5
Iceland - 365 Media
France - RTL9 - Delayed airing Sunday at 22:30
Algeria - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Armenia - Setanta Sports
Azerbaijan - Setanta Sports
Bahrain - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Belarus - Setanta Sports
Chad - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Comoros Islands - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Djibouti - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Georgia - Setanta Sports
Egypt - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Iraq - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Jordan - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Kazakhstan - Setanta Sports
Kuwait - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Kyrgyzstan - Setanta Sports
Lebanon - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Maldova - Setanta Sports
Mauritania - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Morocco - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Oman - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Palestine - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Qatar - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Saudi Arabia - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Tajikistan - Setanta Sports
Turkmenistan - Setanta Sports
Tunisia - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
United Arab Emirates - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
Uzbekistan - Setanta Sports
Yemen - Abu Dhabi Sports 6
More details on the UFC 172 fight card, who is fighting who, as well as how to keep yourself updated all night long, below:
Main Event: 205 lbs.: UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Jon Jones vs. Glover Teixeira PPV Main Card (10 p.m. ET): 205 lbs.: Phil Davis vs. Anthony Johnson
185 lbs.: Tim Boetsch vs. Luke Rockhold
155 lbs.: Yancy Medeiros vs. Jim Miller
145 lbs.: Andre Fili vs. Max Holloway FOX Sports Prelims (8 p.m. ET): 125 lbs.: Joseph Benavidez vs. Timothy Elliott
155 lbs.: Takanori Gomi vs. Isaac Vallie-Flagg
135 lbs.: Bethe Correia vs. Jessamyn Duke
155 lbs.: Charlie Brenneman vs. Danny Castillo
155 lbs.: Joe Ellenberger vs. Vagner Rocha Fight Pass Prelims (7:30 p.m. ET): 135 lbs.: Chris Beal vs. Patrick Williams
To watch the UFC 172 "Prelims" on "Fight Pass" all you need to do is sign up for a $9.99 monthly subscription right here.
Remember, too, that our round-by-round UFC 172 results of the under card fights on Fight Pass/FOX Sports 1 will begin to flow around 7:30 p.m. ET later this evening and run right on through to our main card PPV coverage, which is set to start at 10 p.m. ET -- CLICK HERE.
To get up to speed on all the news and notes for UFC 172: "Jones vs. Teixeira" be sure to hit up our comprehensive event guide right here.
DreamHack has revealed the groups and the schedule for the upcoming Open tournament in Montreal.
Running from Friday to Sunday at Place Bonaventure, DreamHack Open Montreal will see eight teams, six invited plus two qualified, compete for the lion's share of a $100,000 prize pool.
As with every other DreamHack Open stop, the tournament will begin with a double-elimination group stage, featuring best-of-three elimination and decider matches, with four teams advancing to the single-elimination, best-of-three playoffs.
Immortals will face fellow Brazilian side Luminosity in the first round
The standout match of the first round will be the Brazilian derby between Immortals and Luminosity, with DreamHack Masters Malmö runners-up North set to face Gale Force, while North American heavyweights Cloud9 will take on compLexity.
Below you can find the group draw in full:
The complete tournament schedule looks as follows:
Note: I received a free copy of Cowards and Killers in exchange for an honest review.
I liked Cowards and Killers. I was compelled to keep reading and annoyed at my general sleepiness (I'm 17 weeks pregnant) when trying to get through the ending the night I finished it. Enough of a mystery exist around the origin of the Voice on the phone and the killings that I wanted to keep reading, to unravel the mystery, to understand what was happening.
The problem was that this book was a little long. I think it would have been better as a longer short story or maybe short novella. Intriguing ideas bound the book together, but the actual story-telling left something to be desired.
The beginning was linear without much weaving of plot threads. Much of the middle was talking, explanation, discussion of which agents could be trusted and who couldn't. The climax was explosive and satisfying, the ending intriguing, but the wrap-up left something to be desired. The explanation we receive on who is doing the killers and who is orchestrating the events at the end is 80% complete, but there are holes. The "big reveal" at the end as to Michael's history and previous life left me scratching my head, since I never clued in throughout the book that we needed a big reveal. Even the mysterious informational benefactor that appears in the last 25% is left as a deus ex machina to pull together bits of the plot but not ever give a full explanation (although it's completely obvious from his name as to who he is and what faction he represents).
I have a lot of complaints, it seems, but I still liked the book. As I said, the ideas are strong and unique, but I feel that Mr. Liggio needs to work on his storytelling. Bring the exciting parts on camera rather than telling us about them, get multiple plotlines going at once, and ensure that each bread crumb being dropped gives us a tad more than the last bread crumb. If you like heaven/hell urban fantasies, you'll probably like this one.
Also posted on my blog, Magic & Mayhem Book Reviews at saboviec.wordpress.com.
Save your tired debate show segment: Of course Derek Carr is worth the money.
In the wake of Carr signing a five-year, $125 million extension with the Oakland Raiders on Thursday, there will be breakdowns of how Carr's money stacks up against other quarterbacks' guarantees and average annual salaries. There will be consternation in towns like Green Bay and Atlanta, stemming from awareness that Aaron Rodgers and Matt Ryan deserve more.
It will be a waste of time.
Franchise quarterbacks all take their turn near the top of the market, because the best NFL quarterbacks, like Carr, are uniformly underpaid.
* * * * *
The Raiders had no choice but to get this contract out of the way. They couldn't afford any extra awkwardness with the team's best player heading into one of the most awkward seasons in NFL history.
Oakland fans have waited for a campaign with this much promise for 15 years. They've waited for a homegrown quarterback to call their own since Kenny Stabler left town 11 years before Carr was born. Now Raiders fans have both, along with the uncomfortable knowledge that they won't have a team for long.
The time is now for this Raiders squad, with Carr's value incalculable. Following the MVP candidate's devastating broken leg on Christmas Eve last season, the Raiders went from one of the NFL's best offenses to inert in subsequent losses to the Broncos and Texans. As steady off the field as he is accurate on it, Carr stands out for his composure and late-game dramatics. His 11 fourth-quarter comebacks over the last two years tied Peyton Manning (in 2008-09) for the most in a two-year stretch in NFL history. Manning won the MVP award both of those years.
Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie enjoyed the spoils of Carr's rookie contract, which paid the second-round pick a bit more than $4.3 million over the past three seasons, according to Spotrac.com. The team has spent copious amounts of cap space in free agency, compiling the NFL's most expensive (and effective) pass protection in the process. Yet ponying up for Carr was hardly a difficult decision. It's the price of doing business, and the price is more than fair.
Carr is the 14th quarterback who will make more than $20 million per year in a market that is missing a middle class. NFL decision makers have happily paid that much because the price for quarterbacks remains low compared to other positions, and what QBs could receive on the open market.
Dolphins defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh signed for $60 million guaranteed and $19 million per year in 2015's free agency, before the latest rises in the salary cap. Giants defensive end Olivier Vernon signed for $17 million per year as a free agent in 2016. Those prices indicate that even the highest-paid quarterback like Carr is only worth 24-31 percent more than a quality defensive lineman. Watching football every Sunday, not to mention watching the prices quarterbacks attract in trades, tells a different story.
The Packers signed pass rusher Nick Perry on a contract for roughly half of Carr's deal. I love Perry as a player, but all 32 NFL teams would rather have one Derek Carr than two Nick Perrys. Teams would likely rather have one Derek Carr than four Nick Perrys, even without contemplating the moral and logistical issues.
There's no telling what a great, young franchise quarterback would receive on the open market, because it never happens. General managers like McKenzie don't allow it to happen, because they know that other teams would happily blow the top off quarterback pay scales. Contemplate how much the Browns or Jets would pay Carr in a scenario where they didn't even have to give up trade compensation. $30 million per year? $40 million?
I asked NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport how much money someone like Carr would earn if he actually reached the open market:
"All of it," he replied.
The last top-shelf quarterback to hit free agency was Peyton Manning in 2012, and that was coming off a career-threatening neck surgery. The Broncos still paid him at the top of the market, and they would admit now he was worth much more.
NFL's biggest contracts for 2017 SEE PHOTOS With Derek Carr's mega-deal, he now tops the list of the league's highest paid players. See who else makes the cut.
The machinations surrounding Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins the last two seasons prove instructive. Cousins doesn't have the physical gifts or the long-term upside of Carr. The previous Redskins front office reportedly had mixed feelings about giving him a long-term deal. Yet the Redskins have been forced to pay Cousins close to $24 million this season on a franchise tag because losing a solid starting quarterback for nothing is unthinkable.
Cousins has so much leverage that a new Redskins official compliments him publicly every day. The 'Skins are forced to campaign for Cousins just to take their money because the QB knows greater riches are around the corner if he becomes available next offseason.
On the face of it, Cousins making more money than Aaron Rodgers, Drew Brees and Andrew Luck doesn't add up. Cousins' price tag only makes sense when you consider all these quarterbacks earn less than they are worth to a franchise.
The computing above is done in a system where the salary cap ties down prices significantly. The cap has ultimately played a huge part in helping the NFL to grow, the most American of sports buoyed by socialist economic principles of sharing profits and capped wages.
Just imagine, for a minute, a world in which there is no franchise tag and no salary cap. Imagine Derek Carr playing out his rookie contract and vying for the best deal possible from competing billion-dollar businesses. How much would a great, young franchise quarterback be worth then? $50 million per year?
NFL owners are glad they don't have to find out.
* * * * *
Two months removed from the Raiders' desultory playoff loss in Houston, coach Jack Del Rio was asked what he learned from the 2016 season.
"Don't lose your quarterback," Del Rio deadpanned.
Carr and other true franchise quarterbacks carry an incredible weight on their shoulders. He's worth the money because of his innate feel for the position, his decision making, his ability to mix speeds like a relief pitcher and his athleticism and arm strength to improvise when things go wrong. Quarterbacks are also asked to be franchise faces, with Carr a great example of a young man representing his organization with intelligence and character.
That combination of value -- on and off the field -- is why Matthew Stafford will get his money soon, too, and the tired "Is he worth it?" conversations will start all over again.
NFL owners and general managers know the answer. For the value they provide, franchise quarterbacks are still underpaid.
People fly into the air as a vehicle drives into a group of protesters (Picture: Ryan M. Kelly/The Daily Progress via AP)
One person has died after a car plowed into a group of protesters just two hours after a state of emergency was declared in Charlottesville, Virginia, today.
Violence erupted ahead of a large march by white supremacists.
At least 19 people have been injured in the clashes at the University of Virginia ahead of the planned Unite the Right rally at Emancipation Park.
A hospital official says one person has died after being hit by the car.
University of Virginia Medical Center spokeswoman Angela Taylor confirmed the death to The Associated Press.
The mayor of Charlottesville said on Twitter on Saturday that he is ‘heartbroken' to announce that a ‘life has been lost.' He did not provide details.
Shocking footage shows fighting between dozens of protesters, paint being thrown on them and some of the protesters being pepper-sprayed in the face.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Rescue personnel help injured people (Picture: AP Photo/Steve Helber)
A woman receives first-aid after a car ran into a crowd of protesters (Picture: AFP/ Paul J. Richards/ Getty Images)
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
A woman was pictured covered in blood (Picture: AFP/ Paul J. Richards/ Getty Images)
Police speak to protesters after they were hit my the vehicle (Picture: AFP/ Paul J. Richards/ Getty Images)
White nationalists, neo-Nazis and members of the ‘alt-right' clash with counter-protesters (Picture: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
(Picture: AP Photo/Steve Helber)
(Picture: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Police could be heard shouting: ‘We'll not intervene until given command to do so.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
Members of the clergy at the local church could be seen linking arms in a bid to block one of the entrances to the park, while alt-right protesters chanted ‘White lives matter' as they marched through.
The mayor has condemned the march as a ‘parade of hatred'.
Pictures from the protests last night showed white supremacists holding torches in the air and chanting slogans such as ‘one people, one nation, end immigration' as they clashed with anti-fascism protesters.
MORE: CCTV catches the moment family home explodes during early morning gas blast
White nationalist demonstrators clash with counter demonstrators at the entrance to Lee Park (Picture: AP Photo/Steve Helber)
A woman has a special mixture and water poured in her eyes after being hit with pepper spray (PIcture: Samuel Corum/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images)
A White Supremacist struggles over a White Nationalist flag during clashes (Picture: Samuel Corum/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images)
Traci Blackmon, a black woman who was inside the church in Charlottesville, Virginia, described the fear of those people inside.
Writing on Twitter, she said: ‘They are coming for the church! Police all around. They won't let us go outside. . Y'all these KKK are marching with torches!'
MORE: Bradley Lowery's mum describes what she misses about him in heartbreaking post
Sorry, this video isn't available any more.
Response teams from Richmond are currently at the scene as well as the Virginia National Guard.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The rally comes after a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, allowing to Unite the Right rally to be held at Emancipation Park.
The judge made the decision around 8pm last night.
MORE: CCTV catches the moment family home explodes during early morning gas blast
MORE: CCTV catches the moment family home explodes during early morning gas blast
More than a century ago, in the first attempts to shape the face of a nation open to people from all nations, the United States banned convicts, prostitutes and Chinese laborers from landing on our shores. Later, “idiots” were added to the list of forbidden immigrants. Alas, it was too early keep Donald Trump at bay.
But on this upcoming Independence Day, at a time when Trump's response to our better angels is to go small, mean and tribal, an American ideal is in peril. Not open borders, which is something the United States hasn't had since 1875, but open minds.
In committing economic suicide, Britain is trying to close the door and hide from the world. It felt good, no doubt, to tell those overbearing bureaucrats in Brussels to bugger off. We'll stick with our bangers and mash without any interference from Europe! But the Brexit vote was also a drunken swing at those “others” remaking the image of a lost England. To hear the haters tell it, “Polish vermin” and brown-skinned hordes have overwhelmed the little island nation.
Trump wants us to follow the Brits into a corner of isolation — by race, religion and trade. His philosophy, the rant of a besotted boob making things up in public, is anti-American at its core. In rejecting our former colonial masters, we threw off monarchy, the class system and a state religion. We opened our doors to all nations, all religions, all opinions.
The run from zero to 60 MPH is the international unit of measurement for quickness. And a team of students from the Netherlands just shattered the record in a homemade electric car.
The team from the Delft University of Technology made the dash from 0-100 kmh (0-62 mph) in 2.15 seconds, enough to beat the previous record for an electric vehicle of 2.68 seconds. But that's not the impressive part. The team also eclipsed the quickest production car, the insanely lightweight, 500 horsepower Ariel Atom V8, which clocked a time of 2.3 seconds in 2010.
"We thought that under these conditions we'd be happy with 2.30," team manager Tim de Moree said. "But we really didn't expect 2.15."
Despite putting power to all four tires through wheel-mounted electric motors good for a combined 135 HP, the DUT12 comes in at a featherweight 320 pounds. The TU Delft's record run was also helped by its driver, Marly Kuijpers – she's the lightest member of the team.
Photos: DUT Racing
There's a great Genesis compilation called the Platinum Collection that also goes in reverse order, but there's a huge difference in doing that for Genesis compared with Bowie. For Genesis, going back in time puts the big radio hits first and then gets increasingly more interesting and adventurous as you work your way back to the excellent 70s work and the Peter Gabriel era.
David Bowie's career has so many more peaks and valleys, and it's hard to pin down whether certain eras represent an ascent or a descent. There's no way I could come up with a perfect compilation for him, that's for sure. Themes of subject matter, different eras, pop vs. art, and so many more aspects - I think part of Bowie's greatness is how hard it is to pigeonhole him or whittle him down into a career-spanning collection.
I originally did not plan to buy this, since I have all of Bowie's albums, including a number of live albums and most of his b-sides and rarities. Some of the non-album tracks that might attract buyers here, like the songs from the lost Toy album, are already in my collection, so it seemed at first that all I'd need is to get the new song, "Sue," and I'd be all set. What ultimately made me take the plunge, though, was the fact that Amazon offered an auto-rip with all of the songs from the main collection even if I purchased the vinyl set. While I don't consider myself an audiophile, I do have an appreciation for vinyl and like to occasionally add to my record collection. This way, I got a collectible, a wonderful set of music on record, and the digital music, so I'm more than satisfied with this purchase. Also, these mixes are in fact noticeably different in some instances, like with Seven, which is much peppier here than the plodding original version. The other remixes/alternate versions are also welcome, like the version of Hallo Spaceboy here, which fares very well in this context, and the outstanding Time Will Crawl, which just plain sounds fantastic.
The song selections on the records are great, and I have no complaints about that whatsoever. More interesting to consider are the song selections for the main set, which span Bowie's entire career and will inevitably draw criticism from those who think that his latterday albums are overrepresented at the expense of his earlier classics. I, too, feel that's the case, which is why I've rated these 4 stars instead of 5, though it is easy enough in the modern era to supplement this set with some additional favorites in a playlist (and also easy to remove the Dancing in the Street duet, which is probably the low point of his career and can be happily traded for something else from that era, like As the World Falls Down.) I definitely need a handful of songs from Low, Heroes, and Station to make any Bowie mix more satisfying, as well as Conversation Piece, Watch That Man, Teenage Wildlife, Looking for Satellites, and a number of other must-haves from all eras.
As a longtime David Bowie fan, I hope this helps draw more fans in, as there's so much wonderful music here for people to appreciate and then perhaps decide to dig deeper into his catalog. There are plenty of collections out there, and some people will be better served by something shorter and more glam-centered, but this is definitely a great overview of a tremendous career. Newcomers, this is definitely not a bad place to start. Established fans, this might not be a vital addition, but the remixes and alternate versions may make this worth it.
Jenny Quiles was 33 weeks pregnant when she was hit by a tow truck as she crossed the street en route to a doctor's appointment on Oct. 15.
Roughly two weeks later, the Florida woman emerged from a coma at Bayfront Health St. Petersburg, and on Wednesday, she began having contractions. Four hours later, she gave birth to a baby girl, reports WTSP.
Quiles, 36, delivered 6-pound Angel Noemi Quiles, or Emi, by C-section, and though the baby's due date was Dec. 1, Quiles' doctor tells the Tampa Bay Times the "miracle" baby "is just thriving and doing well." Quiles, now in stable condition, is "improving every day," she adds.
She can move her arms and legs and respond to others using her eyes, Bay News reports. Quiles suffered a traumatic brain injury in the accident, during which she reportedly turned at the last moment to protect her womb; it occurred as the tow truck driver turned left on a yellow light.
Shaun Downing, 27, was likely in the wrong but may simply receive a civil infraction as "there's nothing here that rises to a criminal act on his part," a police rep says.
Meanwhile, busy husband Angel Quiles says "out of all the negativity, finally something positive." He's focused on helping his wife improve so she can finally hold her newborn; she hadn't been able to do that as of yesterday.
"I want Jenny to see the baby," he says. "Hopefully, that will snap her out of this. I need her back in my life." A GoFundMe page set up for Quiles has raised more than $9,200.
(A California woman gave birth while in a coma.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Woman Emerges From Coma, Delivers Baby
More From Newser
OTTAWA - Curtis Lazar doesn't need to score goals to make an impact.
Lazar didn't pick up a single point in Canada's 5-2 win over Sweden Sunday night in World Junior exhibition play, but there was no denying his impact.
The 19-year-old Lazar — the oldest player on the roster by a matter of days — is on loan from the Ottawa Senators for the tournament. Having NHL experience means big things are expected from him both on and off the ice.
"After three months in the NHL I think he's seen a lot and he's seen many older guys in the NHL doing certain things," said Canada's coach Benoit Groulx. "You can tell maturity speaks in his case."
Lazar joined the team late Friday, but Groulx says he has already made an impact.
"He's loud on the bench," said Groulx. "He likes to communicate with his teammates, likes to cheer for them, likes to tell them about positioning and stuff like that. It comes naturally for him obviously and a good hockey club needs that."
Canada looked good Sunday night, getting goals from five different skaters.
Max Domi, Josh Morrissey, Anthony Duclair, Shea Theodore and Sam Reinhart scored for Canada while Eric Comrie made 17 saves.
Gustav Forsling and William Nylander had goals for Sweden, which got a 28-save performance from Samuel Ward.
This was Canada's first game since finalizing its roster for the IIHF World Junior Championship on Saturday. The tournament gets underway Dec. 26 with Canada taking on Slovakia in Montreal.
The game also marked Connor McDavid's first taste of action since he suffered a broken bone in his right hand on Nov. 11. It was Lazar's first game since being loaned to the team.
The duo played together with Nick Ritchie and while they didn't score, they did create a number of solid scoring chances.
Much was made of McDavid's return to action. While the 17-year-old showed some signs of rust, Groulx noted that he improved as the game went on.
"He showed some good things out there, showed speed and he went by a couple of defencemen to take pucks to the net," said Groulx. "I think he had a great second half of the game and it's good to see him back playing his style after such a long time being sidelined."
McDavid said he felt pretty good and felt he and his linemates were able to create some good chances.
"It was nice," said McDavid. "You never really want to be off and watching. It's never a lot of fun. To be back in game action was a lot of fun."
The trio of Domi, Duclair and Reinhart continue to display chemistry and were once again dangerous around the net as they combined for six points, including three goals.
"It's a short tournament and it gets going pretty quick so the sooner you can find (chemistry) the better it is," said Domi. "For our line personally, we're really close off the ice and do a lot of things together and we talk about certain plays in practice and we just keep working on that stuff."
Leading 3-1 to start the third, Canada extended its lead on Theodore's goal at the six-minute mark of the final period. Theodore picked up his own rebound and beat Ward glove side.
Reinhart rounded out his line's scoring as he picked up a power-play goal midway through the period, beating Ward short side under the arm.
Nylander, a Leafs prospect, made it 5-2 as he beat Comrie on a penalty shot late in the third period.
After a strong start to the game, Canada didn't have a great second period, registering just three shots on goal.
Sweden made it a 2-1 game early in the second on Forsling's power-play goal, but Canada regained its two goal-lead on a goal by Duclair, who is on loan from the New York Rangers.
Swedish coach Rikard Gronborg says getting the opportunity to play Canada is always a good test.
"We know we have a lot to learn and we definitely have to chip away on some stuff," said Gronborg. "Definitely in the defensive zone we need to do better in front of our own net and that's stuff we'll focus on over the next couple days."
Canada opened the scoring with a power-play goal two minutes into the first period as Domi banged home a rebound at the side of the net. Morrissey made it 2-0 midway through the period with a shot from the point.
Canada plays its final exhibition game Tuesday against Switzerland.
Posted September 21, 2015 at 6:47 pm
- FV5 summary from TF Busters
I've been wanting to do an "MV5" storyline for a long time. I kept putting it off, however, because I wanted it to be canon, but I didn't know exactly where it would fit best in the timeline.
Eventually (now, I guess), I decided I needed to do another storyline, and this was the storyline I was ready to do. As such, I'm just being as vague as possible as to when exactly it takes place, and will fill in that blank later if, and only if, I decide it needs filling.
Really, strict adherance to the timeline is a major hindrance for this sort of storylines. "After ____, but before _____" is about as specific as needed, with those blanks being things that have clearly happened or not happened yet.
That said, Tedd will be in this storyilne, so at the very least we're going to know if it was before or after his haircut.
Congress
Rajya Sabha
Digvijay Singh
Madarsas
Muslim
MIM
Asaduddin Owaisi
: The Hyderabad Police have registered a case againstgeneral secretary andmember, charging him with “resorting to deliberate and malicious act to outrage religious feelings by insulting religion or religious beliefs”.Digvijay, on February 22, posted on Twitter, “Is there a difference betweenand Saraswati Sishu Mandir schools run by RSS? I don't think so. Both spread hatred.” This post protests from thecommunity and political leaders.Hyderabad-based Majlis Bachao Tehreek (MBT) party spokesperson Amjed Ullah Khan lodged a complaint with the Dabeerpura police on Monday following which the case under section 295A has been registered. “We have registered a case and the investigation is on”, Dabeerpura police inspector B Venkanna Naik told Mirror.“Comparing the Madarsas with Bal Shishu Mandir run by the RSS organisation in the country points out to his lack of knowledge about the history and existence of the Madarsas,” Khan said.Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen () party president and Hyderabad MPhad also spontaneously tweeted, "I Hope JUH (Jamait-Ulama-I-Hind), Mashaik Ulema, AIMPLB (All India Muslim Personal Law Board), JIH (Jamaat-e-Islami Hind) take note of this hatred".A case under Section 295a of the Indian Penal Code carries up to three years imprisonment, if the charge is proved.
Wisconsin Rep. Sean P. Duffy tweeted: We are excited to welcome our eighth, Patrick Miguel Duffy, into the world! (Courtesy Rep. Sean P. Duffy's Facebook page)
Wisconsin Rep. Sean P. Duffy had a recess gift, a baby boy named Patrick Miguel Duffy.
Patrick's birth makes baby number eight for the third-term Republican and his wife, Rachel Campos-Duffy.
He was born Sunday at 1:03 p.m. back home in Wisconsin. The couple is back from the hospital and Patrick's birth was announced on Twitter on Thursday.
Big families run in the Duffy family. The congressman is himself number 10 out of 11 children.
[ Sean Duffy No Stranger to Logrolling ]
Patrick's older siblings are involved in logrolling contests, similar to their father who has competed in numerous lumberjack competitions.
The Duffys met on MTV's "Road Rules: All Stars," as contestants on the reality show. While at William Mitchell College of Law in the late 1990s, Duffy was selected as a cast member for "The Real World" before returning to the network for "Road Rules."
Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android.
Sara Jean Underwood is an American model, actress and television host from Portland, Oregon. She was the Playboy Playmate of the Month for July 2006 and Playmate of Year 2007. As an actress, she has starred in such films as The House Bunny, Miss March, and The Telling. Her television credits include G4's Attack of the Show!, Bridget's Sexiest Beaches, and Models B4 10am. She was born in Portland, Oregon on March 26, 1984. She was discovered by Ida Ljungqvist while shopping on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, California. She was in a relationship with Ryan Seacrest for two years.
Sara Jean Underwood Personal Details:
Date Of Birth: 26 March 1984
birthplace: Portland, Oregon, United States
Birth Name: Sara Jean Underwood
Nickname: Sara
Zodiac Sign: Aries
Occupation: Model
Nationality: American
Race/Ethnicity: White
Religion: Non religious
Hair Color: Blonde
Eye Color: Green
Sexual Orientation: Straight
Sara Jean Underwood Body Statistics:
Weight in Pounds: 103 lbs
Weight in Kilogram: 47 kg
Height in Feet: 5′ 3″
Height in Meters: 1.60 m
Body Build/Type: Slim
Body Shape‎: ‎Banana
Body Measurements: 35-24-34 in (89-61-87 cm)
Breast Size: 35 inches (89 cm)
Waist Size: 24 inches (61 cm)
Hips Size: 34 inches (87 cm)
Bra Size/Cup Size: 32C (32B pre-augmentation)
Feet/Shoe Size: 7 (US)
Dress Size: 2 (US)
Sara Jean Underwood Family Details:
Father: Unknown
Mother: Kathy Underwood
Spouse/Husband: Not yet
Children: No
Siblings: Unknown
Sara Jean Underwood Education:
She attended and graduated from Scappoose High School in Scappoose, Oregon. (2002)
Also attended Oregon State University and Portland State University.
Sara Jean Underwood Facts:
*Playboy Playmate of the Month July 2006.
*She was schoolmates with Derek Anderson, a famous American football player.
*Before becoming a model, she used to work for heavy construction equipment as a salesgirl.
*In March 2008, she placed no. 25 in '25 Hottest Playboy Celebrities'.
*She played volleyball while in high school.
*Follow her on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
Disney and Lucasfilm have announced that the official review embargo for “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” will be 12:01 a.m. PST on Wednesday, Dec. 16.
The film will premiere Monday night in Hollywood before screening for press on Tuesday.
The lucky assortment of Hollywood insiders and members of the press attending the “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” premiere were emailed logistical details on Friday afternoon, just three days before the event itself. Even now, attendees have no idea what theater they'll be assigned to.
Also Read: 'Star Wars' Female Action Figures Are 'Flying Off Shelves' Despite #WheresRey Outrage, Retailers Say
The film itself is scheduled to start at 6:30 p.m. — give or take 30 minutes for what will surely be one of the most chaotic red carpets in the history of Hollywood.
Security is said to be extra tight and Disney is discouraging people from bringing large bags and purses, while outlawing cameras altogether.
Also Read: 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' Premiere to Cause Traffic Chaos in Hollywood
The studio also included this humorous note in its email: “For your safety and security, we ask you leave masks, face shields, or other facial feature obstructing headgear or make-up, as well as light sabers, blasters, or other weaponry (real or simulated) at home. Should you come down with the Dantari Flu, can't seem to shake off that case of Hibernation Sickness, or your Droid has hidden your keys and you are running late, please contact…”
Be sure to check TheWrap.com at 12:01 a.m. on Wednesday morning for Alonso Duralde's review of “Star Wars: The Force Awakens.”
ALBANY, N.Y. (Reuters) - An upstate New York teenager told a court on Wednesday that members of his family and others struck him in the genitals and on other parts of his body during in a brutal attack at a secretive upstate church that killed his older brother.
Christopher Leonard (R) appears in court to give a sworn testimony during a felony hearing for his half-sister, Sarah Ferguson in New Hartford, New York October 21, 2015. Leonard's older brother Lucas died after allegedly being beaten for hours during a family counseling session inside the "sanctuary room" of an upstate Christian church, police said on Wednesday. REUTERS/Tina Russell/Observer-Dispatch/Pool
The testimony by Christopher Leonard, 17, was the first public description of last week's attack by the teenager, who was recently released from a hospital where he was treated for blunt force injuries to most of his body.
Leonard and his brother Lucas, 19, were beaten during a counseling session at the Word of Life Church in Chadwicks, New York, about 50 miles (80 km) east of Syracuse, authorities said.
The alleged assault, which began late on Oct. 11 in the church's “sanctuary room” and lasted more than 10 hours, was initiated because Lucas Leonard wanted to leave the congregation, District Attorney Scott McNamara said.
The teenager's testimony came during a hearing for his half-sister Sarah Ferguson, 33, in New Hartford Town Court. He spoke quietly in court and kept his head down while answering questions from attorneys.
He said the church's pastor, Tiffany Irwin, organized the counseling session and asked the boys questions. He did not elaborate on the nature of the questions.
Initially, the brothers answered the questions willingly but when they began to resist, the meeting turned violent, he said.
The teenagers' parents, Bruce Leonard, 65, and Deborah Leonard, 59, have been charged with first-degree manslaughter in the death of Lucas Leonard. They are being held at Oneida County Correctional Facility in lieu of $100,000 bail.
Ferguson is charged with assault in the second degree in the beating of Christopher. She is being held at Oneida County Jail in lieu of $50,000 bail.
Parishioners Joseph Irwin, 26, Linda Morey, 54, and David Morey, 26, are also charged with second-degree assault in connection with Christopher Leonard's beating. They have been released after posting $50,000 bonds.
Irwin, Ferguson, both Moreys and the teenagers' father, Bruce Leonard, were the primary assailants, Christopher Leonard testified.
The teenager said he did not fight back during the beating, in which a “whip” made of an electrical cord was used. Instead, he said, “I held out my hands to stop the whip.”
The teenager was restrained at one point during the beating, he said, without specifying whether he was tied up or held down by one of the alleged assailants.
Near the end of the ordeal, Christopher Leonard said he was forced to wear ear plugs, ear muffs and was placed in a corner facing away from his brother. When he eventually turned around, he saw his brother lying on the ground and apparently not breathing.
The teenagers were eventually loaded into two vans, he said. Lucas Leonard was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was pronounced dead. Christopher Leonard was also driven to the hospital by unnamed parishioners, but the group decided at the last-minute to skip the hospital and instead take him back to the church, he testified.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Authorities transported Christopher Leonard to the hospital after finding the teenager on the second floor of the church during their investigation of Lucas Leonard's death.
The defendants are scheduled to appear again in court on December 15.
Outside of the courtroom, McNamara said he was seeking a grand jury indictment of the Leonards. He was also presenting evidence to the panel that could result in new arrests and additional charges against those already arrested.
0 Shares
Smackdown is taping this week from Grand Rapids, Michigan. In a dark match prior to the Smackdown TV taping, Neville returns to take on Bo Dallas. Neville has been out of action for the past few months after he fractured his ankle on RAW in a match against Chris Jericho. This is NOT considered a smackdown spoiler because it was not taped for TV.It should also be noted that Neville was sporting a beard!
Here was his return from fans in attendance:
Looks like his ankle is pretty healed as he hits the Red Arrow for the win:
Missed this move! Note this was a dark match and will not air on #Smackdown! @WWENeville pic.twitter.com/mUfHbUZZ88 — Brock Lesnar Guy (@BrockLesnarGuy) July 12, 2016
Here is a close up of his new look:
NEVILLE IS BACK TO BLESS US WITH HIS AMAZING WRESTLING AMEN pic.twitter.com/aafElbGsBC — tay ♡ 24 (@TaylorMote) July 12, 2016
Very excited for him to be back! Hope they give him a push for the upcoming brand split. He is incredibly talented!
[irp posts=”13729″ name=”Did The New Smackdown Logo Leak???”]
Let us know what you think of the news!
Editor's Note: With her beautiful words Melissa Welter shares a story of a different kind of (economic) security — one which grew out of unlikely circumstances. As she says, “poverty didn't starve me; it fed me”. This essay first appeared in the new Shareable ebook collection Share or Die, in which young people share their perspectives on how to thrive in today's world and creatively transform situations of economic precarity. The book is available in downloadable and free online forms (here), or for sale (here). Check it out!
Tomato Soup
1 yellow onion
2 cans of cannellini beans
6 tomatoes
½ cup of white wine or apple juice
½ tsp each of salt, pepper, and oregano
1. Dice the onion and caramelize with olive oil in a medium frying pan.
2. Cut up the tomatoes and add to the pan. Stir.
3. After about five minutes, pour the wine or juice into the pan.
4. Put the bean in a food processor and blend.
5. Once the liquid has reduced by a third, add the beans to the pan.
6. Add the spices. Taste. Let simmer for another five minutes. Serve.
First, gather your fruits.
(The Lowest food bill June 2008 to December 2008: $177)
It started disastrously. Three bare months before my partner and I moved, at the start of the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, I was diagnosed with celiac disease. There was no cure, only a strict diet to be followed. No more gluten, which meant wheat, rye, or barley. Those three ingredients seemed to be in everything. No cookies, no crackers, no soups, no bread, no pasta, no potpies. Nothing. I couldn't even add soy sauce to my stir fry. It was winter and the cold was already taking a toll on me. Long, cloudy months lowered my spirits. Winter cut through my jacket and a bit at my bones.
It felt like starvation.
Those last months before moving are a blur, a struggle with rice and tepid ‘tamale' pies, food tasting like ash under the weight of despair. I struggled to say goodbyes to friends, the comfort of a meal out or a potluck at someone's house denied to me. I eked out what I could from a job I hated, trying desperately to balance need against meaning. It was snowing when we left.
The difference between March in Washington and April in California was a season. Spring was in full-throated bloom when we arrived, flowers and bird song permeating my mom's home. Even as we scrambled to find a new place to live, being surrounded by family soothed something in me. The sunlight helped. My mother, who also had celiac disease, helped. The edge of terror that had been sleeping at the edge of my vision faded, melting into hope.
I wish that was the last of it. I wish I learned food again with my mother and then life went smoothly forward. But the spring we moved was the beginning of the economic crash. It took eight increasingly desperate months to find work.
That summer, my tomato sprouts died and we discovered that there wasn't a single store in town that had enough gluten free food for me to survive on. We took long drives to San Francisco and the co-op there, stocking up a month's worth of food at a time. I gritted my teeth at liquefying spinach and soft apples, furious at the waste as I bent to beg my family for help. I sweated my way through interview after interview as temperatures topped one hundred. Frustration kept my stomach in knots but still, my body healed.
The obsessive heat crushed me. It stole my determined optimism, sucked the heartiness from my spirit. It left me limp sometimes, trying to cover dizziness in interviews for jobs I wasn't qualified for or had no interest in. I made myself fake it, pulling a mask of perkiness on and dropping it when I left the interview.
Some days, I didn't want to get up. Some days, I sat at my computer and couldn't make myself look at one more job site or send off another resume. Do it, I told myself, just do it. I fought the heat with bottles of water and the depression with a teeth-grinding stubbornness. If I didn't have an interview, I would exercise or meditate or write. I forced myself to do something productive every single day.
I didn't always make it. Some days, I curled up small and miserable. I gave up. I didn't deny myself those moments; I acknowledged the weight of pain I was carrying. But the next day, I started over again.
Sometimes at the end of a day, all that kept me from crying was a small bowl of ice cream, the taste creamier than anything else I had tried in the years when dairy made me sick. Without gluten, every other food I hadn't been able to eat was suddenly possible again. The first time I ate goat cheese, it smeared over my tongue and left me blissful with its sharpness. After seven years when a single piece of cheese left me sweating and sick, it broke something open in me to be able to eat again.
As the heat retreated and the first hints of the coming rain teased at the sky, I found work I loved as a tutor.
(via wikimedia)
Measure out the spices.
(The Lowest food bill January 2009 to June 2009: $168)
The first Thanksgiving after giving up gluten filled me with gratitude. Living in the same state as my family meant a shared Thanksgiving dinner for the first time in years. I had learned, over the last ten months, to dread going out. Potlucks no longer meant pleasure but deprivation. While friends feasted, I was forced to be content with carrot sticks. Even the dip on vegetable trays was a dubious mystery that I was unwilling to risk my health on. It's fine, I told everyone. No problem. I like carrot sticks. Sometimes, I even convinced myself. Determination to make this time different pushed me to try my hand at some baking. I didn't want to settle.
My apple pie was a two-part affair: the apples, which smelled perfectly like my childhood, and the crust, which flaked disappointingly. It fell apart as it was served, leaving me chagrined but resolved to do better. The gravy was made in a last-minute hurry as the table was set. I stirred the drained juices from the turkey into butter and rice flour; it thickened deliciously. Around the table, relatives blinked in surprise as they took bites of mashed potatoes and turkey. Across from me, my aunt smiled and pointed out the basket of gluten free rolls, the turkey, the green beans and salad, my sister's butternut squash soup. Mashed potatoes and garlic mashed potatoes and cranberry and three separate pies that I could eat. I almost cried and felt rich again for the first time in months.
That winter was better.
Remove the tops. Chop.
(The Lowest food bill July 2009 to December 2009: $139)
Buoyed by my success, I learned how to make vegetable stock from scratch. I filled the house with the smells of onion, carrots, and bay leaves for long days at a time. I read up on cold weather plants and grew sugar snap peas and radishes in the small patch I was cultivating in our front yard. That first taste as I picked them off the vine echoed the air around me: crisp and fresh, but unexpectedly sweet. By the time I pulled the radishes from the ground, I was living less desperately paycheck to paycheck. I poured myself into my work as I did into my garden, tending to struggles with math with the same attention I spent on freeing my geranium from weeds. The care I spent opened a space for something new to grow. My heart filled with young spouts and the sound of a child learning how to read. I was learning to sustain myself.
Growing food from seed was a magical experience. I tested the air and worried over weather reports before picking a day. I pressed seeds carefully into the ground, covering them and marking the spot in my mind. Each day, I pressed a finger into the soil to check for dampness, eagerly observing my cultivated patch. Were there sprouts yet? Was that a weed or the first sign of radishes? The leaves, when they came, were green ovals, easily distinguished from the long strings of creeping grass. I watched with happiness lightening my heart as they grew bigger, daring to pull one after two weeks to check their size. I carried my prize inside, washed it in the sink, and ate the radish raw right there in four quick bites. It left me glowing and accomplished.
The year warmed again and I cooked. I taught myself to make bread without wheat or rye, to roast potatoes with onions and vinaigrette, to marinate tofu in spices and sauce. I nibbled cautiously on fresh beets and brought bundles of sweet peas to potlucks. My heart lifted each time someone bit into food I had made or grown and stopped in delight. Spearmint covered my garden and I brought handfuls inside and hung them up to dry. I took a deep breath every time I came home from work for a week solid, and then crumbled the leaves into a jar to keep for loose tea. Fumbling along, I taught myself what foods were in season in the spring and tried arugula for the first time. I tossed fingerling potatoes with a little butter and garlic.
Egg and Potato Salad
1 ½ lbs yellow potatoes, cooked and cubed
3 hard-boiled eggs, chopped
1 small red onion, chopped
¾ cup mayonnaise
2 tbs. spicy mustard
Salt to taste
Combine, cool, and serve.
(via wikimedia)
I grew warm-weather food, too. I bought a six pack of tomatoes and planted them. I watched them like a hawk, lingering over the soil, checking for dryness or too much dampness. The sprinkler combated the heavy summer sun. I looked at the tomato leaves and rejoiced at the first small yellow flowers. Then, in June, green tomatoes began appearing in clumps. It astonished me that six plants could produce so much food. For months, I picked two or three tomatoes every week. I ate them on sandwiches and shared them with friends. I stir-fried them, sautéed them into sauce, froze them, roasted them slowly in the oven.
How to Roast Tomatoes
Preheat the oven to 425
Cut off the tops and cut the tomatoes in half
Brush the cut side with olive oil Sprinkle a little salt or pepper on them
Put the tomatoes face down on a cooking sheet and sprinkle on a little more olive oil
Roast for 25-30 minutes until sweet
This, I knew instinctively, was food done right.
Simmer together, slowly.
(The Lowest food bill January 2010 to June 2010: $110)
After that, the gains came in a flurry. I discovered that the cooperative where I shopped offered a ten percent discount on any food bought as a case. I turned our unused laundry nook into a pantry and moved food in. Chili and rice cakes and refried beans filled the shelves. Even as gas prices spiked, bringing transportation costs to move food up as well, my food bill dropped. In July, I filled bell peppers with quinoa and roasted them in the oven. I made apple pie in September, and yam fries, sprinkled with parsley fresh from the garden, in November.
I got inspired about local food. Farmer's markets, a staple before I moved, entered my life again. I learned that I could walk to our small town market on Saturdays and get food from two towns over. I discovered that there were U-pick farms for berries and peaches, apples and pears, tomatoes and pumpkins, right where I lived. Buying these foods felt like a gift, like an affirmation that food was life. I began to check the labels to find out where food came from, sticking mostly to food grown nearby. California, warm and geographically diverse, kept me fed locally year-round.
Buoyed by my successes, I turned the money I was saving back into my food shopping, the same way I turned compost into the garden and inspiration into the children's lessons. Bulk foods became a sturdy cast-iron skillet. Ten percent discounts became a case of mason jars. I tried my hand at making strawberry jam and blueberry cobbler and watched with pleasure as it disappeared off the table at potlucks. I asked for a pressure canner and this year, when the harvest ripens, I will put away spaghetti sauce and green beans and anything else I please.
Eat
(The Lowest food bill June 2010 to December 2010: $118)
It is winter again, everything cold around me, but I am content. Poverty didn't starve me; it fed me. Soon, I will go outside and prune my apple trees and hope they bear fruit for the first time this year. Soon, I will take the pesto made from rich bunches of this summer's basil out of the freezer and add them to corn pasta. Soon, I will open the seed catalogue and plan for radishes and spinach, carrots and tomatoes, dill and thyme. Soon, I will give thanks: for the diagnosis and the poverty that led to my DIY eating adventures. The taste of these years explodes on my tongue.
This essay appears in the new Shareable ebook collection Share or Die, which is now available in downloadable and free online forms.
The United States has hit a snag in its program to train Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State (IS) group because of the lack of so-called moderate recruits, with less than 200 taking part in the program so far, the Pentagon said this week.
ADVERTISING Read more
"We are trying to recruit and identify people that ... can be counted on. That is, to fight, to have the right mindset and ideology," US Defence Secretary Ashton Carter told a congressional committee hearing, saying that many of the potential trainees were either unsuitable or lacked the will to take on the IS group.
"It turns out to be very hard to identify people who meet both of those criteria," he said.
Out of the 5,000 forces that the US had envisioned taking part in the $500-million train-and-equip program to prepare participants in their fight against the Islamist militants, the Pentagon said only "100 to 200" volunteers had begun their training at its sites in Turkey and Jordan so far.
“We have enough training sites and so forth. For now, we don't have enough trainees to fill them,” Carter acknowledged.
Skepticism and resistance
The program, which began in May and was aimed at recruiting fighters who are not affiliated with either the IS group or al Qaeda, has been met with fierce resistance by many of the very rebels it was intended to attract.
While some rebels are incensed by the fact that it would see them abandon their over four-year-long battle against President Bashar Assad's forces to fight the IS group, other rebels have voiced concerns that, despite the vetting process involved, some participants will simply participate in the training to join the IS group afterwards.
Since its sweeping offensive that began last summer, the IS group has taken control of almost a third of Syria and neighbouring Iraq as part of its self-declared caliphate.
Counterproductive alliances
The core of the problem is that since the civil war began in March 2011, there are hardly any "moderate" rebels left in Syria. Although the US-led coalition initially viewed groups like the Free Syrian Army (FSA) and Harakat Hazm as reliable partners, their alliances with the US have turned those moderate groups into jihadist targets themselves.
But the setback to the US's military training program is not just due to a shortage of volunteers, it is also due to the long and complicated process of vetting them. To date, the Pentagon said that around 6,000 Syrians had signed up for the program, of which 1,500 had passed the first phase of the screening process and about 500 had been rejected.
However General Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said that despite the challenges to find recruits, it is still too soon to give up on the program.
Never short of novel ideas, Kim Dotcom has presented his latest plan in a short video: his goal is to enable anyone earning money from online content, notably the publishers of videos on YouTube, to be paid in bitcoins.
Kim Dotcom is the former founder of MegaUpload, the infamous direct download site closed by police in 2012, for which the United States is still demanding his extradition from New Zealand. Thereafter he launched a second storage service Mega, which offers more or less similar services to its predecessor. All in all, he is accustomed to building a media buzz for projects that may or may not go ahead like the music platform Baboom and the MegaChat messaging service.
With Bitcache, he aims to enable internet users to donate bitcoins to the publishers of content they like. The micro-payment system functions via a plug-in, which, once it has been installed, takes the form of an on-screen donation button. Thereafter users just have to decide on the amount they wish to give.
Apart from YouTube, Bitcache could also be compatible with numerous other hosting and sharing platforms such as Google Drive, Box, Dropbox, WeTransfer and of course Mega. Kim Dotcom is already inviting YouTubers with more than 500,000 subscribers to test his system.
It should be noted that the concept is not new. The micropayment solution Flattr, which is based on the same model, also provides a dedicated button that can be used to donate to the publishers of online content. As for those publishers who would like to be paid in bitcoins, they can already present a QR code that users can scan to obtain their bitcoin account details.
Betting on the widespread adoption of bitcoin
For its part, YouTube launched a special system this year to generate more revenue for its most popular members. The "Super Chat" system enables fans and viewers to give their chat remarks special privileges like highlighting and extra airtime when they donate to online publishers and celebrities.
In any case, Kim Dotcom is betting on the future widespread adoption of bitcoin, a currency whose value shot up this summer to the point where a bitcoin is now worth close to 4,000 dollars. That's four times the amount that it was worth at the beginning of this year.
Bitcoin is an encrypted virtual currency launched in 2009, which is based on open source technology. For many years used only by geeks, bitcoin is now being progressively adopted by the general public to the point where many businesses now accept it as a means of payment.
For private individuals, bitcoin offers an alternative way to make payments online. Bitcoin transactions are secure and encrypted, so that, at least in theory, no one can use another person's account or usurp their identity. Transactions are conducted on a peer-to-peer network in which each user represents a link in the chain.
Video that explains the Bitcache concept: youtu.be/HOAvSwX7Aqc
by I, AnCap
Because I believe in life, liberty, and property, I have come to the conclusion that these ideas cannot flourish with the state's central planning of society under the guise of welcoming in immigrants.
Recently, I was denied entrance into a libertarian group because they were afraid I was some kind of anti-libertarian troll, and that adding people to their group indiscriminately who don't actually believe in libertarianism would cause the group to degenerate into a non-libertarian group.
What's also funny is that I've been criticized for being anti-open borders because I believe if we allow in too many people from Marxist countries indiscriminately, the country would ultimately become Marxist and we should therefore remove incentives for immigration.
Interesting how the defense of private property begins to vanish when yours isn't at stake, isn't it? It's easy to say “Immigration is a good thing! We should open the borders!” from an area that's not affected much by immigration. We don't have a massive refugee crisis in this country yet, so it's so easy to say we should bring in more migrants. However, I guarantee many of these pro-open borders crowd would feel different about immigration once the largely leftist immigrants outnumbered them and began to vote for things like universal healthcare for undocumented immigrants, college vouchers for undocumented immigrants, and other ridiculous programs that are happening in California. Maybe once the state takes 20-40% of your check every month to provide for another person they'd feel different about it.
Maybe they'd feel different about immigration once they were forced out of their apartments to make room for the refugees or had to pay $20 for a soda or a bag of chips because someone from another country needs to be paid to attend college in your country. All of these things might seem like something only Europeans need to deal with, but they won't be if we don't abolish our welfare state. The incentive to receive benefits drove them to Europe, and it will drive them here as well.
Immigration isn't a right. You do not have the right to travel wherever you wish. I do not have the right to immigrate into your bedroom, nor do I have the right to immigrate into your shop, your office, or your vacation home. You have the privilege to travel among property with the consent of the owner, and the right to settle in land that is unclaimed. However, you cannot expect to receive financial help from the neighboring communities should you arrive unprepared, and that is inevitably what happens in a welfare state. This problem is further exemplified in a Democratic system, whereby certain groups can legally gang up on each other to take their money.
It's easy to be a libertarian who welcomes in the downtrodden masses, but what happens when the masses disagree with you and outvote you? Is the open borders position still worth it then?
If you enjoy my work, you can follow me on Twitter (@I_AnCap) or contribute to my Patreon here.
It's safe to say that "Bushwhacked," (Firefly Season 1 Episode 3) is one of the darkest of the series. While there are moments of levity, the setting and the subject matter are pretty grim and ominous.
The episode opens with one of those moments of levity: the crew playing some rowdy variation of basketball in the cargo bay of Serenity. Everyone is playing except for Inara, Simon and River. The latter looks on, enthralled by the game, while Inara is amused by it all.
Simon, on the other hand, is confused by the absence of rules. He still doesn't quite understand how things work out there and how he fits in on Serenity. Later on in the hour, Jayne pulls a practical joke on him - which, to note, is the second prank he's been victim of since his short time on the ship.
At this point, Simon still is very much an outsider - and he knows that he is. This is even more evident when he questions Mal's intentions for him and River. He's not sure if he can trust them quite yet.
The episode's grim nature starts when Serenity runs into an abandoned ship. The lighting is dark, the score is haunting and menacing. Even Jayne's prank on Simon doesn't quite lighten things up, given Simon's fear of outer space.
When the crew goes aboard to check for survivors and salvage whatever valuables have been left behind, they find one survivor and a whole lot of dead bodies hung from the ceiling.
Mal figures out that the ship was hit by Reavers, and that the young man who survived was made to watch the torture and murder that the Reavers inflicted on the other members of the abandoned ship. His experience was enough to make him go mad, to turn him into a Reaver himself.
To make matters worse, the Reavers left a booby-trap which got Serenity, AND by the time they got rid of that, they were brought in by an Alliance ship. The crew was about to be arrested and lose their ship, until the "survivor" attacked them and Mal saved the day.
There's a parallel to be drawn between River and the ship's survivor. At this point, we're not quite sure what's happened to River, and no one can really understand the seemingly nonsensical ramblings that she constantly utters.
When the survivor is brought on the ship, his ramblings are, seemingly, equally nonsensical. However, we know what's been done to him. We know he was made to witness horrendous acts of inhumanity, we know the psychological torture he's endured.
I think that the survivor was meant to show us a glimpse of the things that happened to River. I think we were supposed to be horrified for her. She felt his pain, and she suffers from much of the same post-traumatic symptoms that he did. If he was that messed up, what on earth happened to River?
This episode also showcases why Mal is the captain of that ship, and why the others trust him. First of all, he smartly distracted the "non-mechanically inclined" members of the ship, getting the booby-trap disarmed with minimal fuss.
Secondly, his plan to protect Simon and River was not only genius, it was indicative of his loyalty to the people on his ship.
OTHER NOTES:
The Alliance interview scene is one of my favourites ever. Kaylee's mechanical smackdown and Wash's description of Zoe will ALWAYS be funny.
Jayne's fear of Reavers is both hilarious and terrifying. If a man like Jayne is so rattled by them...
Visit our Firefly quotes section to relive the best lines.
Follow this link to watch Firefly online at any time.
MEET THE CAST:
- Zoe Washburne is played by Gina Torres. You may recognize her right now as Jessica Pearson on Suits, OR from Hannibal as Bella Crawford, the wife of Jack Crawford (played by her real-life husband, Laurence Fishburne).
Though Crytek CEO Cevat Yerli is under a non-disclosure agreement from both Microsoft and Sony to not MAXIMUM BEAN-SPILL details on their next-gen console reveals, that doesn't prevent him from preaching a bit to the Nanosuited choir. Speaking to Eurogamer , Yerli flatly proclaims the hardware rift between modular PC setups and the upcoming console family makes it "impossible" for the latter to match beefy battlestations.
"It's impossible to package $2,000-$3,000 worth of hardware into a mainstream—let's say $500—console," Yerli says. "I'm not saying they are $500 consoles. They may launch a console at $2,000, but the consumer pricing is usually much lower than that. So, given consumer pricing, and given the cost of production of a gamer PC and the amount of wattage and power it needs, which is like a fridge, it's impossible."
Yerli believes PC gaming's flexibility with swappable hardware components and the range of possible configurations gives it a competitive edge against consoles.
"The whole modular way you can design a PC today with two, three, or four graphics cards in them, and you can water-cool them and overclock to infinity, that didn't exist even six or seven years ago," he says. "You just bought one or maybe two graphics cards and then you were super enthusiastic.
"It's very difficult to compete with that. People have these massive nuclear power plants standing in their rooms that will run your games really fast. It's hard to compete with."
Crytek's sleek Crysis franchise boasts a long-standing reputation for pushing the limits of hardware as far as it can, but in the realm of consoles, Yerli admits the studio's efforts to drive graphical innovation only progressed so far.
"It was like a five or ten percent gain," he estimates. "That's it. We improved quality on consoles both visually and perception-wise through different techniques, not just brute force technology. So I think it's above Crysis 2 on consoles.
"But the PC version, because the specs are now much more evolved—this is two years later, effectively—this is two generations of PCs we could leverage and DirectX 11 is fully rolled out, so now we could really push it," he continues. "I made a joke at one point saying, ' We're going to melt PCs ,' and I think we're going to melt PCs again. People want that, and we'll deliver that."
It seems Crytek decided to unleash the full might of its CryEngine 3 workhorse after hearing requests from hardware-philes for a game to truly churn their machines.
"With Crysis 2, we tried to make the specs available to as many PC gamers as possible," Yerli explains. "Then we heard back from the loudest group, which was enthusiast PC gamers, who said, 'Our PCs are running this game at 200 frames. What the hell? We should be running at 30 frames.'
"Our graphics programmers said, 'We're going to give them a game they can't run any more.'"
We accepted the challenge of running the un-runnable and dived into the brush and rubble of Crysis 3 for our review, which you can read right here . Also check out " target="_blank">Eurogamer's full interview .
When the tabloids chose to focus on a 19-year-old electing for a bilateral mastectomy, because they (the preferred pronoun) are non-binary transgender, the internet responded with predictable pearl-clutching and tired old tropes. Wannabe armchair psychiatrists were quick to denounce Opi Baron as “obviously mentally ill”, while the accusations that “being transgender is fashionable” still fly thick and fast (despite the first known British male-to-female transgender surgery being performed on an RAF pilot in the 1950s but, you know what they say, fashion comes back around).
Thousands upon thousands of women have breast enhancement surgery every year to alter the “natural” configuration of their chests to match how they would prefer it to look. One of my cousins underwent a breast enlargement a few years ago, and her family and friends were supportive, accepting her explanation that the procedure would increase her self-confidence. Yet when I announced that I wanted a chest reduction, I was met with horror and stony silence from certain members of my family. “You can't.” Well, yes, I can. And when you've given 10 years of consideration to something, I think you can conclude you've thought about it pretty carefully.
The writer James Delingpole suggested starting a petition for me to keep them attached to my body, with the insistent headline: “We need to talk about Dr Jack Monroe's breasts”. So, James, I'm ready to talk. Another journalist suggested that there should be Kickstarter funding for my own surgery, obsessed as the chattering classes are by other people's bodies, as evidenced by the bloated monster that is the Sidebar of Shame, and the red-circled shrieks, screaming from the newsstands, about the odd crow's foot or rogue patch of acne. Quelle horreur, people are people, after all.
I was criticised for my 'proposed removal of a pair of healthy breasts', as though breasts are a trophy
I remember sitting over breakfast with my mum a few months ago, awkwardly trying to answer her questions about being transgender. “I just don't want you to make any permanent changes that you might regret …” she started. I laughed and gestured to my 44 tattoos before gently countering that it might be too late to start with all of that. “You dye your hair, Mum,” I pointed out. She tried to look indignant, but that shimmery ash-blonde at 52? I wasn't buying it. “We change ourselves in so many ways. We lose or gain weight. Get tattoos, piercings, get them removed, take them out. We dye our hair, change our clothes, paint our nails. Sure, these are small things, compared with what could be a major surgical procedure, but I just know I have to do this.”
I was heavily criticised by some users on Mumsnet for my “proposed removal of a pair of healthy breasts”, as though breasts are a trophy, and I am a fool to part with mine. Perhaps so, but this body dysphoria runs deep, and I would be a fool to tolerate it when I don't have to.
A startling confession for a food writer: all through high school, I struggled with a severe eating disorder. It started as a control mechanism, at a school where I was the only one from my special-measures junior school to make it, the only one who was dropped off in a white Essex Fire Service Ford Transit van half a mile from the school gate every morning, clambering out of the back like an A-Team mascot, only with thick round glasses and a satchel. I struggled at school, socially, mentally, academically. I'm not organised, and I don't cope well with deadlines, structure and routine. I'm chaotic. Always have been. And so I started to starve myself. It started with giving my lunch away, then skipping breakfast, then walking home from school instead of catching three buses, in a bid to be thinner, thinner, thinner. Being thinner would solve everything, I thought. I started walking to school too. Seven miles a day. I remember the day I could fit into my year-7 school skirt, with its 20-inch waist, at 15 years old. I remember my parents realising that I was cutting my dinner up and pushing it around my plate, piling it high at one side, seeing how gaunt and exhausted I had become. I remember spending PE lessons in the sick bay, collapsing during netball.
And I remember being told that if I didn't start eating properly again, I would be sent to hospital, locked away, forced to eat through tubes down my throat. I remember sleeping in the library, upstairs where the sixth formers went, instead of going to my classes. I remember begrudgingly regaining weight. I remember the despair; nobody knew what to do with me. Not my form tutor, nor my kindly head of pastoral care and discipline. I remember confiding in my food technology teacher. I remember loving food tech because of the precision and the creativity, the weights and measures, the tiny glimpses of flavour. I remember taking my carefully crafted meals home and watching my parents enjoy them. I remember food no longer being an enemy, but a joy.
But with my new-found love of food came puberty. I gained enough weight that I began to menstruate. My breasts began to develop. And I hated it. I had been boyish and braless for 15 years and that's who I was. I pretended my name was Adam as a young girl. I prayed to God at night that I would turn into a boy when I started to develop. Something was wrong, deep down, but I didn't know what it was or how to fix it.
That's the thing about being trans that armchair commentators can't comprehend: it's a condition, just like any other
I started to bind my breasts. I wrapped bandages around them to hold them down. I didn't want them at all. I thought they were ugly, messy, cumbersome. Not mine, not a part of me I wanted or identified as my own.
I have no connection with them. I feel nothing there, something I have had to explain gently to various lovers over the years, who can't understand the disconnect, especially as the rest of my skin is hypersensitive. I'm still the only person I've met who can orgasm from the right touch to my wrist (I'm not going to tell you which one!). But my breasts are just not part of me at all. I bought my first chest binder at the age of 19. This isn't a phase.
When I had my first appointment at the gender clinic earlier this year, I sat and talked completely openly to a doctor for the first time. That's the thing about being trans that the armchair commentators can't comprehend: it's a condition, just like any other. Although our experiences are all different, there are symptoms, there are questions that need to be asked, and criteria that need to be fulfilled in order to reach a diagnosis.
My medical report diagnosed me as transgender. I have been on hormones now for eight months. I walk taller, laugh more, feel myself. I mostly, finally, fit in my skin. Friends have commented on how much more confident I am. I'm not spending days in bed in fits of darkness and depression. I eat what the hell I like. I like myself.
Breasts are not always best for body image | Letter Read more
People can sit at home and pontificate about my body all they like. Free speech and all that. But it's mine. And I know what I'm doing with it, and why I'm doing it, and it's not up for debate. I'm not an object. I didn't fall off a factory line. I'm a little bit female and a little bit male and unless you're a doctor sitting there with my medical history in your hands, physiological and psychiatric, I'm not going to put myself in your hands.
You can tell me I'm not a boy until you're blue in the face, but to quote my good friend, author and longtime trans activist Christine Burns, it's as good as saying that the sugar is salt.
Ancient mammals were weird. And it wasn't the “super-size and add saber teeth” kind of weird, either. Mammalian evolutionary history is full of fascinating dead ends and interesting side branches–exemplified quite well by hyaenodonts. Don't let the name fool you, though–they have little to do with modern day hyaenas! As a group, hyaenodonts only are cousins to today's modern carnivores, forming a side branch that diverged before the origin of today's cats, dogs, hyenas, and honey badgers. So, any physical resemblance is largely coincidental. Hyaenodonts roamed North America, Europe, Asia, and Africa from around 60 to 10 million years ago, and were pretty darned successful in terms of geographic distribution, evolutionary longevity, species count, and variety of body forms. Even if they are long-gone today, hyaenodonts were pretty important players in the ecosystems of their time and present an interesting case-study in evolutionary radiations.
Compared with their cousins from elsewhere in the world, African hyaenodonts are fairly poorly known. Most species are represented primarily by teeth, which can be informative for identification and diet inference, but are pretty limiting when it comes to understanding overall evolutionary relationships, behavior, and function. How closely related were African hyaenodonts to hyaenodonts elsewhere? What did they look like and what kind of lifestyle did they live? What role did they play in ancient African ecoystems? Some newly described fossils from Egypt help answer some of these questions, and raise a whole different set of questions for future scientists to investigate.
The new hyaenodont, given the name of Masrasector nananubis, is detailed in a paper appearing today in PLOS ONE. I contacted one of the authors of the study, Matt Borths, and got his thoughts on the project.
Q: What was the most surprising part of your study, and why?
A: The most surprising part of this study was that Masrasector and its kin are part of a massive radiation of hyaenodonts that originated in Africa. For a long time it was unclear if Africa was a kind of cul-de-sac, catching various hyaenodont lineages that originated in Europe or Asia or North America, or if Africa was the source of this diversity and had its own endemic lineages.
Through this study, we discovered anatomical features that link the African group that includes Masrasector nananubis, called Teratodontinae (which means “monstrous teeth”), to the group called Hyainailourinae. Teratodontines are almost entirely African and the group includes many of the more omnivorous hyaenodonts. Hyainailourines, on the other hand, are specialized hypercarnivores, occupying ecological niches similar to modern big cats and hyenas. Hyainailourinae includes many African species, but the ultimate origins of the group were a little murky because they are also found in Europe, Asia, and North America.
A couple of cranial and skeletal features helped pull Masrasector‘s Teratodontinae into a close relationship with hypercarnivorous Hyainailourinae, evidence that both lineages belong to a large group of hyaenodonts with roots on the African continent. This all reorients major swaths of hyaenodont evolution towards Africa and shows that in Africa, hyaenodonts were filling in many of the niches occupied by large and small carnivores on the continent today.
With only the teeth of these animals, this relationship would have been hard to put together, but with more of the skull and skeleton of Masrasector, we could make comparisons to other hyaenodont cranial material from animals with different feeding habits, making connections despite dental and ecological differences and revealing this massive African lineage that originated near the extinction of the non-avian dinosaurs.
Q: What kind of environment did Masrasector live in? What other things would have been running around with it?
A: Masrasector nananubis was found at a spot called Locality 41 (L-41) in the Fayum Depression in Egypt. Today the Fayum is part of the expansive western desert of Egypt, but L-41 is made of stacks of salty mudstone that reveal the spot was a marshy mangrove forest 34 million years ago, a little like the modern Everglades in Florida. One of the things that makes the Fayum so important is at the time, Africa was an island continent, cut off from the other continents like Australia is today. Also like Australia, there were lineages evolving in Africa, like elephants and hyraxes, that filled niches occupied today by other animals that moved into Africa after the continent got close to Eurasia. On the ground were hippo-like elephant relatives called Moeritherium, pig-like hippo relatives called anthracotheres, and horse-like hyrax relatives (today hyraxes are pretty much just grumpy rabbit-sized animals). Really everyone was trying to be be something else in Eocene Africa. In the trees were the primate relatives of lemurs, South American monkeys, and the common ancestors of Old World monkeys and apes. They had already found their niche, and were munching leaves and fruit like their modern descendants.
Q: Was there anything in your research for this paper that presented a particular challenge or annoyance? What was it?
A: One challenge is we now have so much material from Masrasector nananubis, but the evidence from many other hyaenodonts, including other species of Masrasector, is still really fragmentary. We would love to make comparisons between the ear regions or brain cases of other African hyaenodonts, but we can't. The record of Masrasector nananubis is so good now that we can make notes of anatomy we would like to check on other hyaenodonts when it's found, but for the time being we are simply left wondering when the fan-like structure on the back of M. nananubis‘s skull first appeared, or what the locomotion of other hyaenodonts at L-41 [the site where Masrasector nananubis was discovered] was like. The patchy African record for the group is frustrating, especially the very fragmentary early record of the group. It feels stupid to complain about having so many skulls and jaws, but they really do present more mysteries than they solve, which is why we need to keep collecting and studying hyaenodonts, the first African carnivores.
Q: You clearly collected a good chunk of scan data with this project. By making the digital files available, what do you hope other researchers might do with it?
A: Hyaenodonts have been a little neglected as a group. They were the apex carnivores in many ecosystems for the first two-thirds of the Age of Mammals. Yet, there are only a few researchers delving into their evolution and ecology. I hope by making this material as accessible as a few clicks of the mouse at Morphosource.org, researchers around the world who focus on mammal evolution can examine the material and bring their own questions and areas of expertise to a group that is pretty obscure at the moment. Researchers with more of a focus on brain evolution or limb evolution than I have may notice something new.
By making fossils accessible outside of the museum setting, I hope more investigators can be involved in future studies. There are measurements we didn't collect because they weren't pertinent to our questions, but someone else can now access this material to collect the measurements they need to answer their own questions. Part of what makes paleontology so exciting is we don't know what questions and technologies will be brought to bear on the fossil record. By making these fossils available digitally, they can be printed, measured, scrutinized, and broken down using those now-uninvented methods.
I also hope that people who want to learn about hyaenodonts examine these digital files to acquaint themselves with the predators our primate ancestors once had to contend with and maybe print them off to look these creatures in the teeth. There isn't really a place to see these fossils on display at the moment. These fossils are part of our story, and making these files available enables everyone, from those with specific research questions to the casually curious, able to study this material.
Finally, the fossils from L-41 are actually pretty delicate. The rocks they are preserved in are filled with salt crystals and mud that expands and contracts with changes in temperature and humidity. The collections at Duke University and the Cairo Geological Museum are carefully monitored and stabilized, but these fossils may not always be as well-preserved as they are now. The digital models are a record of the morphology we examined. Future researchers can build their investigations upon these models as a record of this delicate material.
Q: At least in the movies, invocation of the names of ancient gods never ends well for the protagonists. Your new animal was named after Anubis–did you have any worries that by doing so you would unleash some unspeakable ancient evil on the field of paleontology?
A: There was a key moment when I choose to follow my passion for fossils and had to resign myself to being an amateur enthusiast of ancient cultures and civilizations. I've always been especially fascinated by Ancient Egyptian myth and artifacts. By evoking Anubis as part of this study, I felt I could finally bring two of my passions to the same question.
It occurs to me now, as a new adaptation of The Mummy is about to be unleashed, that I should have contemplated this a little more carefully.
Jackal-headed Anubis is the ancient Egyptian god most closely associated with mummification, the process of preparing the remains of the deceased for eternal preservation. That process is evocative of fossilization, so I've always seen Anubis as a patron god of paleontology. Further, salt was a particularly important part of the embalming process that lead to the preservation of mummies, and the rocks where Masrasector nananubis was found are chock full of the stuff, so I thought the name “tiny Anubis” was the perfect fit for the little, jackal-like creature.
As I contemplate this more, I'm reminded Anubis is also the protector of cemeteries and tombs, which is why it occurs to me there may be reason for me and other paleontologists to worry… Until I am struck down by a curse from the Book of the Dead, I will just have to practice this overthought explanation for the name and hope for the best when Anubis weighs my heart in the afterlife.
Thank you, Matt, for taking the time to tell us a little more about your research. If you haven't already, check out the paper at PLOS ONE. And, check out more of Matt's work in Past Time, a podcast that he co-hosts!
Citation
Borths MR, Seiffert ER (2017) Craniodental and humeral morphology of a new species of Masrasector (Teratodontinae, Hyaenodonta, Placentalia) from the late Eocene of Egypt and locomotor diversity in hyaenodonts. PLoS ONE 12(4): e0173527. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0173527 [link]
