Madison Bumgarner has been having quite a month of August. He's posted a 53:4 strikeout-to-walk ratio while allowing only six earned runs in 37.2 innings, and he's looked almost as unhittable as he did last October, when he relentlessly took the ball for the Giants in high pressure situations during the playoffs. That's not a coincidence, it turns out, as Bumgarner is currently exhibiting tendencies that are quite similar to the 2014 postseason version of himself.
Before we go down that particular road, let's have a brief introduction to Bumgarner, 2015 starting pitcher. On these digital pages, we've featured an article on how well he hits — which is quite well indeed — but not much else in the way of analysis this season; I will remedy that fact in a brief, limited manner. We could spend an entire article about the minute changes Bumgarner has made in 2015. Instead, here's a cliffs notes version:
He's throwing more fastballs than at any point since 2011.
He's basically ditched his changeup, as he's relied almost strictly on a three-pitch combination of fastball, slider (referred to at times as a cutter), and curveball in 2015. Here is his pitch usage since 2010, his first semi-full season in the majors (courtesy of Brooks Baseball, which calls his slider a cutter):
Finally, his command improvements from last season have stuck, as he's posting a career-low walk rate (4.3%) and career-high strikeout rate (27.4%).
These are all good things. By the numbers, Bumgarner is perhaps the best version of himself that he's ever been, and it shouldn't be a surprise that he's posting the best xFIP of his career while challenging his best in ERA and FIP.
That's why this month has been extra interesting; because, in the midst of one of his best seasons, Bumgarner seems to be up to something. And that something just happens to be intentionally throwing slower.
That sentence is a bit of a setup, as it's not like Bumgarner is now throwing his fastball 80 miles per hour and lobbing eephus pitches (even though he does occasionally throw a very slow curve). This is a more subtle change with how he throws his breaking pitches, but it's one that is nonetheless tied to times of high success for the Giants left-hander.
First, take a look at the speed difference between his fastball and slider from May of 2011 up to today:
Notice the peak right before the valley for this year; that was October of last year. He was slowly stretching the speed differential between his fastball and main breaking pitch over the course of the 2014 season, and it all culminated in the fall of 2014, when he was virtually unhittable. To be clear, this is not Bumgarner throwing his fastball harder; this is him taking something off his breaking pitches (even when he was throwing harder during last year's postseason — because adrenaline — the velocity gain was seen across the board, so that wasn't the reason for the increased difference). Now, during his starts this August, he's stretched that gap again, and we're seeing the same sort of results.
Before we get down to the exact benefits of how this approach is working, we should take a look at the difference between his fastball and curveball:
The difference with the curveball is just as large as with the slider. Again, notice the most recent peak before this season: it's October of 2014, and he's currently matching that. The other peak I've labeled is August of 2012, which was another very good (but not incredibly great) month for him (2.97 ERA/3.25 FIP). Then again, he was a different pitcher in 2012 (with a lower fastball velocity and a lower rate of curveballs thrown), so we should take that into account.
This leads to how the speed difference actually impacts Bumgarner's performance. As much as we might like to point at these graphs, yell “he's Bumgarnering!” and not look back at the amazing explosion that we created and are subsequently walking away from, let's perform our due diligence. Is the greater speed difference between his fastball and breaking pitches a main driver in his improved performance?
That question can be answered best, in my estimation, by looking at the whiff rates of his various pitches to see if they match up with the increases in speed differences. Let's take a look at his whiff/swing over time on his three pitches, with the three data points we've discussed highlighted (August, 2012; October, 2014; and August, 2015):
The first takeaway is that the slider has above average whiffs in months of greater difference (his career rate from 2011 onward is 23.5% whiffs/swing). It might not be eye-popping, but it's definitely there. There's always going to be noise with looking at monthly whiff rates due to the size of the samples, but the curveball is really where we can actually see some noticeable spikes. In months of the greatest difference, we see peaks in his curveball whiffs/swing, far above his average rate of 37.6%. The fastball doesn't seem to respond much to the differences, even though Bumgarner is posting close to a career-high whiff rate on his fastball this August.
I ran a couple linear regression models for the whiff rates and speed differences between each pitch, and though we get “significant” (or very close to significant) p values associated with the relationship (.05 for the curve, .06 for the slider), the r-squared values were very low, as we might expect. There's a lot of variation in baseball, and it's not too much of a surprise that speed differences between different pitches can't explain the entirety of why a pitcher is effective.
What we do see, however, is a big uptick in how effective his curveball becomes when he stretches this speed difference. In the months that we've highlighted, when the speed difference has been greatest, most of his strikeouts have come via the curve. Last October, 46.7% of his strikeouts came on his curveball; this August, it's been 36.5%. Maybe that's why he's throwing the pitch more than he ever has, and maybe that's why he's slowing the curve down, hoping to improve its effectiveness at getting swings and misses.
This isn't the only reason behind Bumgarner's hot streaks. When you have impeccable control, command over three plus pitches, and swing-and-miss stuff, you're going to go on runs in which you're almost untouchable. But, as we see, there are things that even established pitchers do to try and make themselves even better. During one of Bumgarner's best years, he's slowing some things down, and it's working — all without an appreciable change in pitch movement. Not many pitchers can say they intentionally do that.
There is a report from CBS Sports that Woody Johnson has already begun his search for a new General Manager. If true, this will spell the end of the Mike Tannenbaum Era. To which I say:
Not soon enough!
The direct quote from CBS Sports' Twitter account is: "Hearing from sources tonight that Woody Johnson's search for a new GM may have already begun..."
Awesome. Awesome, awesome, awesome. We've gone over in detail since basically the San Francisco 49ers game, if not earlier, how much Tannenbaum deserves to lose his job. What does this mean for the rest of the staff? They're likely gone. Generally, a new GM brings in his own people. This may or may not include a new coaching staff. Personally, I'd like Rex Ryan to stay, mostly for the defense, but I won't be devastated if he leaves. I do hope Karl Dunbar and Matt Cavanaugh (just kidding) stays.
This all goes to show that any speculation about which players will stay/leave are premature, as it will likely be an entirely new staff that makes those decisions. A new staff is more likely than the current one to say goodbye to old veterans like Bart Scott, Calvin Pace, Eric Smith, etc.
Let the GM speculation really begin in earnest.
A survey of 1,200 companies around the UK conducted by Olympic sponsor BT has revealed some critical issues for businesses – particularly small and medium-sized enterprises
BT president of global services UK Emer Timmons said businesses see no major concerns about maintaining productivity and service levels during London 2012, but stressed that this confidence may be misplaced. She said companies had to start planning immediately for the impact and opportunities that the London Olympics presented.
However, there may be reasons for optimism as three-quarters of businesses in Vancouver, which hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics, say they have continued to enjoy higher sales even though peak demand fell once the event was over.
Sixty per cent say they have experienced ongoing Olympic-related benefits. Most of those businesses benefiting were in the media and leisure and retail areas.
"Four out of five organisations are confident of maintaining service and security during London 2012 despite the fact only 34 per cent have assessed the impact of risks such as a cyberattack," said Timmons.
"Seventy-two per cent of organisations is expecting their supply chain to be disrupted in some way but a quarter of them are seemingly prepared to put up with consequences because they are not planning to do anything about it.
"Forty per cent of companies expects staffing to be a headache because staff will want time off or are not able to get to work but a third of these companies have no plans to deal with this reduced staffing level."
Timmons said while a third of British companies surveyed are planning to hire temporary staff to deal with extra demands during the Olympics, the Vancouver experience was much greater. There, 56 per cent of companies hired temporary staff.
The senior trade commissioner for the Canadian High Commission Brian Parrott told Telegraph Sport that hotel occupancies across Vancouver continued to be at high levels nearly two years after the Games. The former British Columbia Olympics Minister Colin Hansen said the Games were much bigger than anyone had expected.
"It engaged with the excitement and emotion of 99 per cent of the public and many companies underplanned for that," Hansen said.
The survey showed 38 per cent of Canadian private sector companies believed they could have taken fuller advantage of the business opportunities of the Vancouver Olympics.
Hansen said London and the United Kingdom needed to appreciate leading executives from around the world would come to London because of the Olympics and this could create enormous opportunities for British companies.
Such was the unique drawing power of the Olympics, the chief executive officers of McDonald's and Coca-Cola met for the first time at the Sydney 2000 Games.
Some gamers who attempted to pirate a new title released over the weekend learned an important lesson in a gloriously ironic way.
Or, as is more likely, they didn't actually learn a damn thing. But we can laugh at them:
On Sunday, new studio Greenheart Games released its first product, a game-development simulator called Game Dev Tycoon. In the SimCity-style game, you build a game developer up from the ground, managing resources and growing it from garage startup to the next Activision.
Trouble is, if you downloaded a pirated version of the game – that Greenheart itself put onto BitTorrent in an attempt to dragnet would-be freeloaders – you would eventually hit a wall that didn't exist in the paid version, as shown above. The game tells you that you can't make any more money as your fictional product is being excessively pirated.
Clever! But what makes this story wonderful is the responses from some players, e.g.:
Back in the 80s and 90s I could easily make a 1m sales with 9-10 game but now it's not possible due to the piracy. It says bla bla our game got pirated stuff like that. Is there some way to avoid that? I mean can I research a DRM or something… So far I am going nowhere. My profit is little to none. … So what I have to do now? There's no point in inventing a new engine because the revolutionary game made out of it will get pirated and I will not be able to cover my expenses.
Oh, you think? Tell me more about the effects of piracy. Maybe Greenheart's experiment will cause a few game swipers to start paying money for things they want.
We arrived to a half-deserted Orly, where a rotating strike had grounded Air France, with more threatened to come. Giant robots roamed the streets, and conceptual artists with faces wrapped in bandages and wearing silver lamé suits prowled the sidewalks, part of a pretournament parade that came across as annoyingly pretentious. In a restaurant, we watched as one of Paris's famous waiters dumped someone's half-eaten frites onto a fresh plate for the next unsuspecting customer. In the newspapers, intellectuals argued about the French team, and whether its multiracial roster of immigrants and their sons would inspire cheers or Jean-Marie Le Pen-led jeers.
It was France 98 eve. The world was pouring in, allez-allez-allez-ing. Why couldn't France stop being, y'know, France, and play along?
A month later, Les Bleus waved from an open-top bus on the Champs-Elysées with the trophy in hand and La Marseillaise in the air – the most incroyable of Bastille Day celebrations. And it was unanimous among our little group of wanderers: the best World Cup ever. No, it was the finest sports event ever seen. Another glass of wine, and yes, it was the greatest lunar cycle Mother Earth has ever produced.
Story continues below advertisement
Perhaps that was a reach. But having covered five World Cups, three Olympics (honestly? They don't come close), and too many professional championships (yawn), this was incredibly special, and riding inside its bubble, from that halting start to boffo finish, amounted to the most pleasurable of sensory overloads.
France 98 had infrastructure and location. It had wine. A home side for the ages, and a host country on holiday. Food. Culture. History. Beaches. Wine.
It had Zinedine Zidane at his peak, with most of his hair intact; Ronaldo before his Fat Elvis phase; USA vs. Iran (nobody makes an entrance like the Revolutionary Guard); and the Reggae Boyz. There was David Beckham's red card that put a stopper on the most frantic 45-plus minutes of soccer I've ever seen, and a stunning control and finish from Dennis Bergkamp, the most remarkable goal I'll ever see in person.
It had a Canada Day barroom celebration at our Left Bank local, and in the little Mediterranean seaside town called La Ciotat, a fresh-caught birthday bouillabaisse. In a little town where it was said Hannibal came through with his elephants, there was the most sumptuous lunch of pork medallions, and back in Paris, amazing mussels at an unassuming neighbourhood basement spot favoured by our landlord.
It had a host country celebrating a great victory with its most memorable parade since the Liberation, as one tearful octogenarian local told me – younger observers recalled May '68. Thousands celebrating their semi-final win by sitting down and standing up, filling the roadway to the Arc de Triomphe its ownself with chants of "On est en finale!" and "Thuram président!" – yeah, it had the wave, the least hip of stadium celebrations, rolling up the most famous street of the world's most stylish capital. It had a Bastille Day celebration at our local 10th-arrondissement fire hall, open as per tradition with an all-night party in its courtyard, and we all danced until 5 a.m., fuelled by beer and emotion.
It had a final-match conspiracy theory that lingers to this day, along with the craziest taxi ride ever to get home from there, my driver stopping to fuel himself with more Heineken as he slalomed unsteadily around a Les Miz revival of bonfires, barricades and hopped-up, flag-waving locals. "I can go no further," he said, dropping me four clogged blocks from home, and the first step out of the cab my foot landed on a wine bottle, shattering it and my frazzled nerves.
For us visitors living on football and adrenalin, it was paradise. Sharing a minivan we dubbed the Hearse with Martin Smith of Le Journal de Montreal, we would strike out from our apartment, going in great circles and then coming back, resting a few minutes and starting again, sometimes driving through the night reading l'Equipe to one another to stay awake. We covered 26 matches in 32 days. Occasionally we took trains, where we would fall into conversation with travelling fans, all of us exhausted, some overly lubricated, and suddenly the most significant thing on Earth was an argument over whether Roberto Carlos's thundering free kicks were as important to Brazil's success as his fullback partner Cafu's less showy, more substantive contributions.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Only a World Cup in Europe, where trains and roads connect with the rest of a soccer-mad continent, makes this possible. And Les Bleus' performance confirmed one of the most fundamental World Cup rules: As the home team goes, so goes the tournament. South Africa's failure four years ago took the air right out of it, while the '02 edition's co-hosts were contrasting studies: Rich Japan, halting on the pitch and with the locals, never quite got it, while their former oppressed colony South Korea went nuts, riding a wave to the semi-finals with millions taking to the streets to celebrate.
At France 98, Zidane's face, larger than life on billboards and walls, was as inescapable and iconic as Marianne. A rampaging bull with the feet of a dancer, he was the son of Algerian immigrants to Marseille, and a hero of this new France. The team also had a youthful Thierry Henry, the immensity of Ghana-born defender Marcel Desailly, the tidy midfielder and future French head coach Didier Deschamps (another Marseille-born legend, Eric Cantona, once derided him as a "water-boy"), that noble semi-final man of the moment Lilian Thuram, and their La France Profonde manager Aimé Jacquet.
They all converged for a mid-tournament training session in Villié-Morgon, the heart of Beaujolais country, and more than any match, or jammed Paris Hotel de Ville pep rally, or even that double-decker bus ride to come, the scene signalled just how deep they had reached into their country's collective heart. Everyone in the staunchly Catholic, conservative village and environs took the day off and came out. The winemakers set up homespun booths and served their products into plastic cups. The mayor gave Jacquet a double magnum of Grand Cru. The school choir sang La Marseillaise. The crowd, covering four generations, pressed closer to high-five the players as they headed out to the field.
Afterward, winemaker Bernard Pichet took us back to his family vineyard in Chiroubles, and down into an ancient cellar we went, where he poured off various vintages for us to taste while his 14-year-old son, in a Chicago Bulls shirt, sat on a cask and asked us what Michael Jordan was really like. "He does not want to make wine," Pichet sighed. "Maybe he will change his mind. I hope so."
In little over a month we put nearly 15,000 kilometres on the Hearse, including an overnight drive from Paris to Marseille on the Friday night when, as happens each summer on the same French weekend, everyone goes on holiday. At 3 a.m., the highway was in a state of high anxiety, each car moving along at 100 kilometres an hour in tight unison: an ancient Citroën wrapped in cellophane, it seemed, to keep its baggage from falling off; a brand-new Merc with a pair of feet sticking out of a back window. We stopped at a roadside halte, and couldn't find a parking spot. "Christ, we're in Manhattan," Martin said.
When it was winding down, my wife having joined for the final weekend and a few days of touring around Paris, we cooked a communal supper for our landlord, Mme. Martin, a former French fencer with matching Yorkies, and dined al fresco on the sixth-floor balcony. Sacré-Coeur was over our shoulder, and the familiar landmarks of the Eiffel Tower, the Pantheon and Les Invalides were off in the distance reflecting the setting sun like a miraculous, golden dream.
Story continues below advertisement
My goodness. What a time. What a month, its singularity only heightened in the years to come, as 9/11 and the rapacious greed of FIFA and their over-a-barrel hosts added an armed-camp, mercenary mentality to future renewals.
Maybe the whole thing was supposed to be a one-off, something never meant to be followed up on – that's how it seemed at a Paris diner, on the day of France's semi-final, when only 90 minutes or so was left between Les Bleus and a date at Saint-Denis in the biggest game on Earth. Everyone was on edge, excited and wary, giddy and fatalistic. I asked the woman serving lunch what she would do if France won. She gave me a dazzling smile and said with complete conviction, "I will dance naked for you."
Of course. At France 98, everyone danced, and at least figuratively, sometimes even literally, tore off their clothes. They played along, and then some. Good luck topping that, Brazil.
Seven years into his experiments, the living artworks of Sam Van Aken are bearing far more than just fruit, each new variant of the Tree of 40 Fruit building on experiences learned from the last. And while simply grafting forty fruits of different kinds to a single tree is impressive, his work continues to branch out. The trees have to grow for three years before he can start to reshape them, and even then only so many grafts can be added each year.
Van Aken's Frankensteinian creations are an endeavor forever in progress. With increasingly refined sets of controls and directions, he has been able to go beyond simply grafting dozens of types on a single tree. Carefully diagrammed, his planned plants can be designed to bloom and bear fruit year-round and in choreographed sequences, almost like a slow-motion fireworks display or performance piece.
His individual trees are displayed around the country, reflecting the climate as well as local varieties of the different regions in which they can be found. Each provides seasonal moments of surprise to passers by, producing almonds during one month then perhaps peaches or plums (or both) in the next.
From National Geographic: “Sam Van Aken, an artist and professor at Syracuse University, uses ‘chip grafting' to create trees that each bear 40 different varieties of stone fruits, or fruits with pits. The grafting process involves slicing a bit of a branch with a bud from a tree of one of the varieties and inserting it into a slit in a branch on the ‘working tree,' then wrapping the wound with tape until it heals and the bud starts to grow into a new branch. Over several years he adds slices of branches from other varieties to the working tree.”
“In the spring the ‘Tree of 40 Fruit' has blossoms in many hues of pink and purple, and in the summer it begins to bear the fruits in sequence—Van Aken says it's both a work of art and a timeline of the varieties' blossoming and fruiting. He's created more than a dozen of the trees that have been planted at sites such as museums around the U.S., which he sees as a way to spread diversity on a small scale.”
Story highlights Onyango Okech Obama is an uncle of President Barack Obama
The uncle has lived in the United States without immigration papers for five decades
A federal immigration judge notes his character, record of working and paying taxes
The judge grants Onyango Okech Obama permission to remain in the U.S.
Onyango Okech Obama -- an uncle of President Barack Obama who has been in the United States illegally for decades -- has gotten a federal court's OK to stay in his adopted country, according to an attorney representing the uncle.
Federal immigration Judge Leonard I. Shapiro in Massachusetts agreed without argument Tuesday to allow the uncle, who has been living and working in U.S. for 50 years, to stay and obtain a green card, said attorney Margaret Wong.
At the hearing, Wong said, the judge looked at Onyango Okech Obama's character, reviewing his long-term employment with a grocery store in Framingham, Massachusetts, his tax records and his rent payments, and noting that he is not on any government assistance programs.
Shapiro also took into account federal immigration law that allows people who came to the United States before January 1972 to apply for residency, Wong said, adding that her client has been living in U.S. since October 1963.
"I'm relieved, I represented the family for some time and it's really a relief," said Wong.
In his testimony before the judge, according to Wong, Onyango Okech Obama mentioned that Barack Obama stayed with him for three weeks during the future president's student days, after he was accepted into law school.
Wong called her client a proud, honorable gentleman who is quiet and very nice.
In 2011, Onyango Okech Obama was arrested on drunk driving charges, and ordered to regularly check in with immigration, according to Brian P. Hale, then director of public affairs for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
At the time of that arrest a federal law enforcement source who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the defendant was not legally in the United States and had been previously ordered removed from the country.
"I'm so thankful that everything is finished," said Wong.
However, federal immigration authorities have 30 days to appeal Shapiro's ruling.
President Obama, who last month became the first president to visit a federal prison, questioned whether “we really think it makes sense to lock so many people alone in tiny cells for 23 hours a day, sometimes for months or even years at a time.”
And in a Supreme Court ruling in June, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, writing about solitary confinement, noted that “near-total isolation exacts a terrible price.”
In 2012, the Center for Constitutional Rights filed suit in federal court against state officials on behalf of Pelican Bay inmates who had spent more than 10 years in solitary confinement, claiming that their prolonged isolation violated their Eighth Amendment rights. The parties are now in settlement negotiations, said Jules Lobel, the president of the center and a constitutional law professor at the University of Pittsburgh who is the lead lawyer in the lawsuit.
Dr. Haney and several other expert witnesses retained by the plaintiffs' lawyers prepared reports in the case, copies of which were obtained by The New York Times.
Dr. Haney, a professor of psychology at the University of California, Santa Cruz, interviewed 56 prisoners who had spent 10 to 28 years in solitary confinement in Pelican Bay's security housing unit, or S.H.U., including seven men he had interviewed in 1993, eight plaintiffs in the lawsuit and 41 randomly selected inmates. For comparison, he also interviewed 25 maximum-security inmates who were not in solitary.
The inmates landed in prison following convictions for serious, often violent crimes. Paul Redd, 58, murdered a competing drug dealer; Gabriel Reyes, 49, was found guilty of burglary and sentenced under California's three-strikes law. The lead plaintiff in the lawsuit, Todd Ashker, 52, was convicted of second-degree murder, burglary, assault with a deadly weapon and possession of a deadly weapon.
But most were placed in the isolation unit not because of their original crimes but because they were deemed to be gang members or gang associates, under California's policy at the time. The state corrections department said that such long-term confinement was necessary because of gang killings in the prisons and attacks on staff members and other inmates.
A dispute between CBS and Time Warner Cable over retransmission fees for its broadcast content has spilled over onto the web, with a blackout of television programming also being extended to CBS' online properties. In the wake of Time Warner Cable dropping the CBS and Showtime signals in most major markets, the broadcaster has decided to block access to full-episode viewing on CBS.com.
Earlier today, Time Warner Cable removed CBS and Showtime programming from cable systems in markets like New York City, Los Angeles, Boston, Chicago, Pittsburgh, Denver, Detroit, and Dallas-Fort Worth. That happened after months of negotiations in which the two parties were unable to reach an agreement over fees paid to transmit networks to cable subscribers.
Soon after, reports began to surface from viewers in markets like New York and Los Angeles that affected viewers weren't able to stream full episodes on CBS' online property, CBS.com. Instead, the website showed anti-Time Warner Cable ads in the place of full-length programming.
New wrinkle in @CBS blackout: at home with my @TWC broadband, videos on http://t.co/I2DDrGudN0 are blocked. In their place: anti-@TWC ads. — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) August 2, 2013
A spokesperson from CBS confirmed the reports with the following statement:
If Time Warner Cable is a customer's internet service provider, then their access to CBS full episode content via online and mobile platforms has been suspended as a result of Time Warner Cable's decision to drop CBS and Showtime from their market. As soon as CBS is restored on Time Warner Cable systems in affected markets, that content will be accessible again.
The decision to block viewers from streaming full episodes on the web is controversial, but not unprecedented. Back in 2010, amidst a skirmish between News Corp and Cablevision over retransmission fees for Fox and other networks, Cablevision subscribers were temporarily unable to access videos on Hulu. The popular online video site was put in the unenviable position of blocking viewers at the behest of its corporate parents, but access was quickly restored after a bit of backlash.
It doesn't appear that CBS is likely to reverse course so quickly.
Over the last several years, we've seen a number of these disputes flair up, and when networks and cable distributors can't reach a deal, it means that the TV networks go dark for a few days, or sometimes weeks. And then, after some time, they come back online again, with the cable companies paying more and generally passing on the higher rates to subscribers.
But in the wake of these blackouts, cable companies frequently suggest other ways their subscribers can access that programming — for instance, through free, over-the-air digital antennas, or by watching ad-supported streams online. (The subtext behind those suggestions is that viewers already have free access to that programming, so like, why should the cable company have to pay retrans fees to bring the content to viewers?)
CBS is taking away one of those options, by restricting viewership through its online property. Of course, the controversial aspect of that decision — and the decision by News Corp to block Cablevision subscribers all those years ago — is that not every Time Warner Cable broadband subscriber also pays for video service.
As a result, CBS is blocking broadband-only subscribers from watching its content, along with those who are paying to watch it through their cable subscriptions.
That's probably a tradeoff that CBS is willing to make. The number of broadband-only households out there might be growing, but it's still incredibly small. And besides, they're not the ones paying CBS' bills anyway. Even so, cutting them off sets a precedent that we could see other broadcasters follow during the next retrans blackout.
On Wednesday, The Washington Post published an article saying the White House is at its wits' end, and has issued the Kremlin an ultimatum on Syrian peace. The paper noted that the Obama administration "expects a decision from Moscow in the next several days." The question now is whether the Kremlin will allow itself to be bullied into agreement.
The Washington Post piece, written in a tone more reminiscent of a teacher scolding a misbehaving student than a report on the results of Russian-US negotiations over Syria, explained that "a final proposal" on a ceasefire and a possible joint counterterrorism operation was given to Russian officials on Monday during a meeting between President Putin and President Obama in China.
The paper went on to cite Obama deputy national security advisor Benjamin Rhodes, who emphasized on Tuesday that Washington is "not going to take a deal that doesn't meet our basic objectives."
Following Monday's meeting between the Russian and US presidents, Russia's Foreign Ministry announced that Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov would speak with Secretary of State John Kerry in Geneva later this week. But the State Department didn't confirm this meeting and in doing so, "made clear that they saw no purpose in yet another negotiating session if Russia has not changed its position," The Washington Post explained. Nevertheless, Lavrov and Kerry did end up speaking on Thursday, albeit by telephone.
What is Washington's Syrian peace offer? According to The Washington Post, "the proposal calls for a cease-fire in civil war fighting throughout the country, including in and around the besieged city of Aleppo, and the safe, sustained delivery of humanitarian assistance." Then, "once the truce is in place for a specified time period, the Syrian Air Force is to be officially grounded." After that, "the United States and Russia are to initiate a joint air campaign against counterterrorism targets."
The "outlines of the deal were agreed two weeks ago," the paper added, "but US officials have [since] accused Russia of backtracking on some elements, including the timing and duration of a ceasefire before other aspects of the agreement begin."
Emphasizing the drama and urgency of the ceasefire deal, what Washington and US media doesn't seem to realize is that Moscow's partner in Syria is Damascus. And getting the Syrian government to agree to halt its military campaign against 'moderate rebels' that they consider terrorists is easier said than done. Syrian President Bashar Assad has been very clear that in his government's view, those who take up arms against the state are not opposition, but terrorists; this, he emphasized, is a definition that holds true around the world, and not just in Syria.
In the meantime, the so-called moderate rebels, if they exist, are intertwined and collaborating with Islamist groups supported by Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the Gulf States, making it very difficult to 'separate flies from cutlets'. This, incidentally, is a problem The Washington Post itself admitted.
Finally, with Syrian government forces recently closing the ring around areas of Aleppo under militant control, it may be difficult for Moscow to convince Damascus on the need to halt its operations in a situation where the Syrian Army can almost taste victory in the country's second city, which would doubtlessly help bring the war to its resolution.
© AP Photo / Raqqa Media Center US Works With Turkey, Syrian Kurds on Plan to Liberate Raqqa from Daesh
The US has been particularly concerned by developments in Aleppo. Last week, State Department special envoy for Syria Michael Ratney laid out a series of very specific steps on a ceasefire, complete with the requirement that government forces withdraw their heavy equipment from the area around Castello Road, the Aleppo militants' main supply lifeline in the north.
The Washington Post even cited the letter, which reads that "if the cease-fire extends to 7 days…checkpoints are set up and all forces are withdrawn, then the US and Russia will work on stopping the regime planes from flying and will work together to weaken al-Qaeda in Syria."
While it's obvious that the US will always support 'their guys' in Aleppo, it's unclear how the US plan is actually meant to weaken al-Qaeda's Syrian branch, Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, which recently rebranded itself and formally disassociated itself from the terrorist group. More than anything, Ratney's plan feels like an attempt to stall for time to prevent Aleppo militants from being annihilated.
Whatever the case may be, on Thursday, the Kremlin officially responded to The Washington Post's article, presidential spokesman Dmitri Peskov saying that it "doesn't fully correspond to reality."
"The Syrian topic was indeed discussed in great detail by the two presidents, and in even greater detail by Lavrov and Kerry," Peskov noted. "There really was a discussion on a certain document. However, this document has not yet been finalized, as there are still some unresolved issues remaining, and work continues," he added.
Peskov also emphasized that all points in the possible agreement are being discussed "in the format of compromise," added that on "a small number of outstanding issues, compromise has not yet been reached." What those issues are remains unclear, but their existence indicates that for one reason or another, on one issue or another, Moscow has rejected Washington's effort to foist an unfavorable agreement on Russia and on Syria.
© AFP 2018 / BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI Land of Confusion: US Officials Send Out Conflicting Signals on Cooperating With Russia in Syria
At a press conference in Washington on Tuesday, State Department spokesman Mark toner hinted at Washington's tough line, noting that "we're not going to settle for a less than ideal deal."
Toner's comment immediately prompted a response by veteran Washington press corps journalist Matthew Lee, who pointed out that successful negotiation requires compromise by its very definition. "People always settle for less than the ideal; it's the risk of sacrificing the good for the perfect, where the perfect is impossible," Lee said.
That sentiment sums up the essence of the Syrian negotiations. Because while US officials and media can huff and puff about the urgency of reaching an agreement, Russia and Syria won't allow themselves to be swindled into a trap. At the same time, it's worth remembering throughout that Damascus understands the need for a peaceful resolution to the conflict more than any other party, since Syrians are the ones who have been dying in the fighting.
Forensic experts have long been able to match a series of prints to the hand that left them, or a bullet to the gun that fired it. Now, the same thing is being done with the photos taken by digital cameras, and is ushering in a new era of digital crime fighting.
New technology is now allowing law enforcement officers to search through any collection of images to help track down the identity of photo-taking criminals, such as smartphone thieves and child pornographers.
Investigations in the past have shown that a digital photo can be paired with the exact same camera that took it, due to the patterns of Sensor Pattern Noise (SPN) imprinted on the photos by the camera's sensor.
Related: Could these tiny robots be the future of computer interfaces?
Since each pattern is idiosyncratic, this allows law enforcement to "fingerprint" any photos taken. And once the signature has been identified, the police can track the criminal across the Internet, through social media and anywhere else they've kept photos.
Researchers have grabbed photos from Facebook, Flickr, Tumblr, Google+, and personal blogs to see whether one individual image could be matched to a specific user's account.
In a paper entitled "On the usage of Sensor Pattern Noise for Picture-to-Identity linking through social network accounts", the team argues that "digital imaging devices have gained an important role in everyone's life, due to a continuously decreasing price, and of the growing interest on photo sharing through social networks"
Today, "everyone continuously leaves visual 'traces' of his/her presence and life on the Internet, that can constitute precious data for forensic investigators."
The researchers were able to match a photo with a specific person 56 per cent of the time in their experiment, which examined 10 different people's photos found on two separate websites each.
The team concludes that the technique has yielded a "promising result," which demonstrates that such it has "practical value for forensic practitioners".
While the certainty of the technique is only just better than chance, the technology is pretty new, and the numbers could get a bit more promising in the future. And, like fingerprints, the SPN signature would likely only be a part of the case being brought against a suspect.
Read more: Introducing AISight: The slightly scary CCTV network completely run by AI
Collaboration is key! In order to see improvements in the lives of young people experiencing homelessness, we must all work together and speak out. By supporting this campaign, you recognize that the number of designated shelter beds for youth is woefully inadequate. Please use your considerable voice to help others to understand the gravity of this issue!
Consider downloading these badges and adding them to your website or social media profile!
Help us get the word out!
We support the National Campaign for Youth Shelter because EVERYONE deserves a bed.
#Act4Youth http://ow.ly/wWlJJ
LGBT youth are disproportionately over-represented in the homeless youth pop. We need safe shelter now! #Act4Youth http://ow.ly/wWlJJ
Kids who grow up on the streets are in real danger and so is the society that allows them to do so.
#Act4Youth http://ow.ly/xIKlS
Download the full media packet HERE
National Campaign for Youth Shelter Poster
Web Badges
Press Release
Save
Single mum Samantha Smith is battling a life-threatening condition which means her spine is being crushed by the weight of her skull.
The 30-year-old, from Littleborough , says her life was "turned upside down" after a shock diagnosis of Ehlers Danlos Syndrome (EDS).
Samantha needs to raise £150,000 for complex life-saving surgery in the U.S.
The genetic condition affects just one in every 5,000 people in the UK and weakens the body's connective tissues causing pain, dislocations and cardiac abnormalities.
Samantha underwent years of tests and endured horrendous pain before eventually being diagnosed last year.
The mum of two had started to lose consciousness regularly, vomit blood, and was experiencing chest and head pain and weakness in her limbs.
(Image: Samantha Smith)
She was told that she had developed another condition known as Crainocervical Instability (CCI) - which is caused by the EDS.
The CCI is stretching ligaments in her neck making them too weak to support her head.
“This is causing the top of my spine to squash my brain stem under the weight of my skull,” she said.
“My spine is compressing my spinal cord. My cervical discs are damaged and prolapsing. I feel the relentless agony of it every minute of the day in addition to the nerve damage.
“On a bad day the pressure inside my head is so bad I can't talk or move my eyes. On a good day it's just very painful.”
The mum has suffered with pain since she was a child but only realised something was wrong when she was pregnant with her son, Jensen, now eight.
She developed problems with her liver and kidneys and suffered a fractured pelvis.
A year later she was rushed to hospital for a emergency cesarean while pregnant with her daughter, Brooke. Just before surgery doctors found that Samantha was resistant to the anaesthetic.
(Image: Samantha Smith)
After years of misdiagnoses Samantha started to research her symptoms herself and became convinced that she had EDS.
“I came across EDS and was told it was so rare that there was no chance I could have it. So I finished my degree and set up my business,” she said.
She was eventually told she had EDS and CCI but says there is no treatment for the conditions in the UK.
Her condition will eventually cause organ failure and paralysis and already causes tremors and problems with her vision and hearing.
Former psychotherapist Samantha has started a fundraising campaign to raise enough cash to travel to the U.S for treatment.
She said: “I must now fundraise for my own life and for my babies to have the mummy they so desperately need and deserve.
“I am in constant pain in my neck, head and spine and week in, week out my neurological damage is becoming harder to ignore.”
To help Samantha's cause and make a donation, click here .
Julian Zelizer is a history and public affairs professor at Princeton University and the author of " The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society ." He's also the co-host of the " Politics & Polls " podcast. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own.
(CNN) There are some journalists and politicians who hope that the one bright spot from the disaster of Hurricane Harvey will be a shift to better politics this coming fall.
Writing for the New York Times, Carl Hulse makes a strong case that the hurricane "utterly transformed the federal fiscal picture" since Congress must now focus on providing federal relief to the communities affected by the storm. Republican Rep. Mark Meadows, the head of the Freedom Caucus, has said that at least for the time being his group of legislators would not insist on the money President Donald Trump wants to build a border wall.
In the Washington Post, Sen. John McCain urged Congress to restore order by passing a budget that "realistically meets the nation's critical needs." Some congressional Republicans, including Speaker Paul Ryan, are urging the President to resist the controversial proposal to dismantle the DACA program that allows undocumented young adults, who came here as children, to stay in the country, be educated and have work authorization.
But the odds are extremely poor that the horrific storm will fundamentally alter the explosive political dynamics in Washington.
Let's remember that even the horrendous terrorist attacks against the United States on 9/11 only dampened political tensions for a few weeks before Washington resumed its fighting ways. Democrats and Republicans were battling over how to strengthen airport security, with Republicans attempting to use a privatized work force and Democrats insisting on public employees with civil service protections.
The 2002 midterm campaigns and then the 2004 presidential campaign witnessed vicious attacks from some Republicans against Democrats for being "weak" against terrorism.
This fall, the situation won't be any different. While we might avoid a total government meltdown, that standard sets the bar very low.
As for the rest, the outlook is not bright. The most important reason that we should not expect things to change is because of President Trump. We are not going to see any dramatic shift in his presidential style as a result of this disaster. The erratic behavior that he has exhibited since January, even in difficult moments such as the standoff with North Korea, and the basic political positions that he holds dearly, including his hardline anti-immigration stance, won't go away.
JUST WATCHED WH responds to report on Comey Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH WH responds to report on Comey 00:44
Even as this crisis in Texas unfolded we saw many instances when President Trump was acting in familiar ways.
Right as the nation was glued to television sets watching the storm approach, he pardoned former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio and released his order banning the military from recruiting transgender Americans. He conducted a campaign style-event in Texas, focused as much on the crowd's size as on federal relief, and on Friday he was back to tweeting about how James Comey handled the investigation into Hillary Clinton's email.
The Washington Post published a story about how the President is bristling about the disloyalty of advisers who have been critical of him and how he has become frustrated with Chief of Staff John Kelly's efforts to contain him.
As the nation learned this morning of the North Koreans having conducted a test of what they claimed was a hydrogen bomb , the president quickly returned to the provocative tweets. " South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!"
Not only will the immediate crisis of the hurricane subside, but the challenges with the relief effort will become more difficult during the cleanup in the coming months. There could also be more storms on the way. Hurricane Irma may be the next disaster to hit the US.
Trump will continue to insert himself in an aggressive manner, threatening wavering senators and blasting his opponents.
His upcoming push for a steep, regressive corporate tax cut and his instructions to have federal agencies not enforce the Affordable Care Act will trigger immense controversy and fuel partisan divisions. Tension with North Korea, Iran, ISIS and Russia will continue to flare -- enticing Trump to make more provocative remarks and decisions. The Russia scandal, the issue that angers him more than almost anything else, is still very much alive. Robert Mueller's investigation is intensifying as he is working with the New York State attorney general as well as the IRS . The New York Times has reported that Mueller is in possession of a memo from Trump in which he outlined, to the consternation of his counsel, exactly why he wanted to fire James Comey. As each of these stories, and others, develop, Trump's divisive behavior and positions will return to the fore.
JUST WATCHED Trump praises Texas gov. for Harvey response Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump praises Texas gov. for Harvey response 01:28
The Freedom Caucus might agree to let the border wall funding go for now, but the caucus is not going away. This is crucial since it has been the driving source of gridlock in Washington. The caucus has insisted on containing federal spending to draconian levels and a push for sweeping deregulations of the economy and climate -- and its members have been willing to go to the mat to achieve their objectives using whatever means necessary. The caucus might budge on this instance of big government spending but once that relief package is off the table, all the points of contention remain.
And as we enter the fall, the November 2018 elections are coming into clearer focus. All across the nation, candidates are starting to go out on the campaign trail. Democrats understand that this is probably their best opportunity to retake control of Congress or severely cut into the size of the Republican's majority. With the President's approval ratings being so low, Democrats don't have much of a reason to work with the GOP. After Charlottesville, many Democrats will feel it to be that much more difficult to compromise with President Trump.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
It's a miscalculation to predict that Hurricane Harvey will produce an era of good feelings in Washington. We have suffered through many worse crises only to see how deeply entrenched our political divisions are. In this case, we add to the mix a President whose fundamental modes of behavior are so defining of those divisions, so there is no evidence to expect any fundamental changes are on the way.
If Trump wants to really break from the partisan polarization and his own pattern of behavior, he needs to do something really bold that shifts the dynamics in DC.
Click here for a poster on Utah bats (PDF)
Click here to download Living With Bats flyer (PDF)
Utah is home to eighteen species of bats; the only mammal capable of true flight. Utah bats eat mostly insects. Bats can be found throughout the state and roost in a variety of habitats, which may include caves, mines, hollow trees, leafy plants, rock cliffs and buildings. The largest Utah bat, the big free- tailed, has a wingspan of 17 inches but weighs less than 1 oz. The smallest, the western pipistrelle, is the size of a hummingbird and weighs 1/10 oz. A bat's fur varies in color from tan, brown, rust, to black. Bats are shy animals that use echolocation to find flying insects. Bats benefit humans by eating about 30–100% of their body weight in insects each night. Most Utah bat species are year-round residents of the state and hibernate during the winter. Some bat species migrate south and remain active all year. Migrating bat species breed in the spring. Hibernating bat species usually breed in the fall. In the late spring, female bats gather in large nursery colonies where the young, called pups, are born in May or June. Natural enemies of bats include bobcats, hawks, house cats, owls, raccoons, ringtails, snakes and weasels.
Bat Vocalization
https://www.wildawareutah.org/wp-content/uploads/BatsVocalizing.mp3
Bats: Free Pest Control
Did you know one bat could eat up to 1,000 mosquitos an hour? Enjoy natural pest control while preventing conflicts with bats. By providing bats with suitable backyard habitat, they can be encouraged to take up residence in dead trees and bat houses rather than in chimneys, attics or roof eaves. While bats can be a very good natural pest control, they may not be able to combat serious infestations of some pests. If you fall victim to a major pest infestation, you may want to check out something like Kansas City Pest Control to help you eradicate any pest invading your home.
Dead, hollowed out trees, and thick shrubs make good bat roosting sites. Bats will also utilize artificial bat houses. Placement of the bat house is critical. Bat houses should be at least 12 feet off the ground, face south or southeast, and receive at least six hours of direct sun each day. The bat house should face an open area with at least 20 feet of clearance, so the bats can come and go with ease. Bat houses can be mounted on poles, garages, barns, and trees, although houses on trees are harder for bats to find and will take longer to become occupied.
Bats also enjoy water features that attract insects, such as fountains or ponds.
Planting night-blooming flowers such as moonflower, four-o'clock, yucca, evening primrose, night-blooming water lily, or night-blooming jasmine will attract nighttime insect pollinators.
Installing a pole light on a section of your property will attract a lot of insects and in turn, the bats.
Legal Status:
Utah law protects all bat species. It is illegal to intentionally kill bats. Additional federal protection is extended to bat species on the Endangered Species List.
Click here to download BAT SIGN, IDENTIFY DAMAGE AND CONFLICT PREVENTION (PDF)
SHARE THE WILD:
Conflicts with bats usually occur when bats use human dwellings as roost sites. Only a small percentage of bats actually carry rabies. But to be safe, any bat that behaves strangely or can be easily caught, should be suspected of being ill and should be avoided. Bats do not chew holes to make openings into buildings to set up roosting sites. They can enter buildings through open doors, windows and loose, torn screens or through existing holes at least ¼ inches in diameter.
Bats don't normally attack humans and contrary to popular belief they do not purposefully try to land in people's hair. A bat flying around inside a room may appear to dive at people, but in fact, the diving behavior helps the bat regain its flight speed and control.
Bat Sign, Identify Damage and Conflict Prevention
Cleaning up after bats:
When handling bat guano, always wear a respiratory mask and rubber gloves.
Photos: Internet Center for Wildlife Damage Management (ICWDM) and USDA/WS
Prevent bats from roosting in your home or property:
Identify bat sign. Guano, or feces, will be crumbly and full of insect parts.
Cool attics with fans to make it uncomfortable for bats to take up residence.
Inspect the outside of the building for openings and gaps in siding, chimneys, and rooflines.
Seal the cracks and holes with caulking, hardware cloth, foam rubber, foam sealant, tarpaper, and chimney caps. Do not do this when bats have pups in May through July. Fall is the best time to seal these opening when bats are vacating roosts.
You can also use bird netting to place over the opening, stapled down at the top and the sides, with the base open. The bats can drop down the netting to leave, but cannot reenter the roost. Leave it in place for 4-5 days or until all the bats have left, then seal the holes.
Install a chimney cap.
Photos: Internet Center for Wildlife Damage Management (ICWDM) and USDA/WS
Avoiding Conflicts:
Do not seal cracks and holes in attics and rooflines during the breeding season, late May through September, doing so could result in leaving babies to die inside the property. Fall is the best time to seal these opening when bats are vacating roosts.
When possible, provide bats with alternative roosting sites by installing a bat house near your property.
Before Sealing Cracks:
Bird netting is placed over the hole, and stapled tight along the top edge and down both sides. The bottom is left open. When the bats leave they hit the netting and crawl down the siding and out the open bottom. When they return they are unable to fly back up under the netting, and cannot return to their roost. Leave this in place for at least 5-7 days to ensure that all the bats have left. (USU Cooperative Extension)
Temporary Roosts:
Bats will sometimes temporarily roost on porches and patios, in garages, and behind shutters, shingles, and roof gutters. Roosting behind shutters may also be long-term in duration. Actual control measures may not be necessary unless bat droppings become a problem or the risk of human contact is significant. Coarse fiberglass batting tacked to the surfaces where bats prefer to hang sometimes discourages them. A potentially useful intervention for the wall-ceiling interface is the application of a wide 45o molding strip to eliminate the 90o angle corner and force the bats to roost in a more exposed area. (Internet Center for Wildlife Damage Management Arthur M. Greenhall Research Associate, Stephen C. Frantz Vertebrate Vector Specialist). Balloons or CD's hung from the porch ceiling may disturb the bats enough to keep them from reusing the site for roosting.
Most bats in Utah vacate their roosts in the fall. That is the best time to patch holes and block access points. A variety of materials, such as caulk and self-expanding foam sealant, can be sprayed on urine soaked areas. Rubber, fiberglass, or steel wool can be used to close any openings. Metal screening, small mesh (<1/4 in. diameter) wire hardware cloth, or tar paper can be tacked over larger holes. (USU Cooperative Extension)
Repellants:
There are no effective repellants to stop bats from roosting.
Handling bats:
Never attempt to touch bats with your bare hands. If a person or pet is bitten by a bat, they should get medical treatment immediately. The wound should be washed with soap and water, and your doctor and the health department should be contacted. Rabies occurs in less than 1% of bats but if contracted and not treated, can be fatal. For that reason, any bat that behaves strangely (e.g., active during the day), or can be easily caught, must be suspected of being rabid and should be avoided. (USU Cooperative Extension)
Pets and Bats:
Occasionally pets catch bats. For this reason, keeping pets vaccinated against rabies reduces the risk to humans. (USU Cooperative Extension)
Alternative roosts:
Before you exclude bats from openings on your home or building, be sure to offer the bats other places to find shelter nearby. Hollow trees, unused out-buildings and bat houses are good alternatives. Bat houses need to be secured to a tree trunk or building at least 12-15 feet above ground and out of direct sunlight. It may take a few weeks to a few years for bats to take up residence. You can find plans for building bat houses on our website.
Providing bats with alternative roosts can encourage them to remain in the area and reduce their mortality when they are excluded. Potential roost sites may include hollow trees and unused barns or out-buildings, providing the roofs are intact and large openings are closed to provide additional protection from inclement weather. In addition, bat houses can be constructed and placed around the property. Ideally, alternative roosts should be prepared before the bats are excluded from the original site. (USU Cooperative Extension)
Click here Bat House Plans from Bat Conservation International (PDF)
Click here Criteria for Successful Bat Houses(PDF)
Legal Status
All bat species are protected by Utah law. It is illegal to intentionally kill bats. Additional Federal protection is extended to bat species on the Endangered Species List.
Never handle a bat with your bare hands!
If a bat is trapped in a room, open an outside door, or window and screen, leave the area and allow the bat to leave on its own.
You can move the bat to a new location wearing thick, leather gloves.
Place a small box/can over the bat. To create a lid, slide a piece of cardboard between the can and the wall or curtain, enclosing the bat inside the container.
Take the bat outside and release the bat on a tree or other high object.
Do not leave the bat in the container; it will have difficulty crawling out.
If you are uncomfortable approaching bats, or suspect it may be sick, do not attempt to capture it.
How to safely remove a bat flying around inside your home:
Do not swat at a flying bat. Wait for it to land.
ALWAYS wear gloves!
wear gloves! Open a door or window and turn off the lights inside. Turn on a porch light outside. Leave the room and allow the bat to leave on its own.
Use a towel to place over the bat once it lands on something low to the ground. If the bat is on a curtain or wall, use a small bucket or coffee can and place it over the bat, then slide a stiff piece of cardboard between the can and the wall, trapping the bat inside the can.
Take the bat outside, some distance from your home, and place it on a high area so predators cannot get to it. Do not leave the bat in the container; it will have difficulty crawling out. If it is in a towel, loosen the towel so it can crawl out.
If a person is bitten:
Get medical treatment immediately. The wound should be washed with soap and water, and your doctor and the local health department should be contacted. Every attempt should be made to capture the bat alive using the technique described above. The captured bat should then be taken to the health department for rabies testing.
Bats and pets:
Vaccinate your pets against rabies for their protection and yours. Do not let pets play with bats.
If you have problems with bats that cannot be resolved by following these tips consult a professional, licensed animal control company. Visit this link: http://wildlife.utah.gov/habitat/nuisance_control.php
Click here to download copy of USU Cooperative Extension, USDA/APHIS Wildlife Damage Management Series: BATS (PDF)
Brewed with our 2-row malt blend, Maris Otter malt, and oats, the beer is then spiced with a subtle addition of coriander. We ferment it with our house yeast for classic Belgian citrus aromas. Hoppy Table Beer is hopped with Chinook, Cascade, Comet, and Azacca hops, then dry hopped with more Comet and Azacca. A mildly hoppy aroma full of grapefruit springs from this straw-colored, light-bodied ale. Flavors of pine and stone fruit balance the beer's clean, slightly bitter finish.
The Tasting
Arrived in: 12oz. Bottle
Served in: Short Tulip
Lately we have been on a bit of a barrel aged beer kick from Allagash Brewing Company. FV13, and La Tiarna have been great funky releases, to name a few. We knew about their Tripel, Wit, and Black, but thought it would be a great time to revisit their core lineup to see what's new.
It turns out this Hoppy Table Beer is their newest year round offering, and we were immediately interested with “hoppy” being in the name. What is a table beer exactly? Long story short, it's an old school Belgian session ale. You can also learn more about about the style from Allagash here.
Hoppy Table Beer poured quite effervescently to start, with an eruptive mass of bubbles. Once it calmed down, the ale was bright golden color, with a slight haze to it. There was also an iridescent quality, making it really pretty to look at with a bright glowing effect near the bottom of the tulip.
The aroma featured a mild citrus peel, leaning towards the lemon side. We also got some grains, and maybe a little hay, but there was definitely a gentle spice to this table beer from the coriander as well.
Allagash Hoppy Table Beer was a fantastically refreshing beer in both mouthfeel, and flavors. A light and airy ale, with just enough crisp, biting effervescence in every sip. It was slightly creamy to start, until its carbonation jumped out with sharpness.
On the palate the beer offered up a flavor profile of rolling citrus. Some Belgian ales have an inherently “orange” characteristic to them, but there was more to Hoppy Table Beer thanks to its dry-hopping regiment with Comet and Azacca — both known for their citrus profile.
Hoppy Table Beer beer started off with a refreshing mild orange to tangerine taste, then brought on some funk as its bitterness apexed. There was some dryness to the finish, where gentle spice emerged along with lingering citrus peel.
This dry hopped Belgian-style ale might be available year round, but its best suited for spring and summer.
What should you do when you really, REALLY have to "go"? Make important life decisions, maybe. Controlling your bladder makes you better at controlling yourself when making decisions about your future, too, according to a study to be published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
Sexual excitement, hunger, thirst -- psychological scientists have found that activation of just one of these bodily desires can actually make people want other, seemingly unrelated, rewards more. Take, for example, a man who finds himself searching for a bag of potato chips after looking at sexy photos of women. If this man were able to suppress his sexual desire in this situation, would his hunger also subside? This is the sort of question Mirjam Tuk, of the University of Twente in the Netherlands, sought to answer in the laboratory.
Tuk came up with the idea for the study while attending a long lecture. In an effort to stay alert, she drank several cups of coffee. By the end of the talk, she says, "All the coffee had reached my bladder. And that raised the question: What happens when people experience higher levels of bladder control?" With her colleagues, Debra Trampe of the University of Groningen and Luk Warlop of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Tuk designed experiments to test whether self-control over one bodily desire can generalize to other domains as well.
In one experiment, participants either drank five cups of water (about 750 milliliters), or took small sips of water from five separate cups. Then, after about 40 minutes -- the amount of time it takes for water to reach the bladder -- the researchers assessed participants' self-control. Participants were asked to make eight choices; each was between receiving a small, but immediate, reward and a larger, but delayed, reward. For example, they could choose to receive either $16 tomorrow or $30 in 35 days.
The researchers found that the people with full bladders were better at holding out for the larger reward later. Other experiments reinforced this link; for example, in one, just thinking about words related to urination triggered the same effect.
"You seem to make better decisions when you have a full bladder," Tuk says. So maybe you should drink a bottle of water before making a decision about your stock portfolio, for example. Or perhaps stores that count on impulse buys should keep a bathroom available to customers, since they might be more willing to go for the television with a bigger screen when they have an empty bladder.
The results were a little surprising from a theoretical point of view; a lot of research in psychology has supported the concept of "ego depletion" -- that having to restrain yourself wears out your brain and makes it harder to exert self-control over something else. But Tuk says this seems to work in a different way, maybe because bladder control is largely an automatic, unconscious process.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
At first, and the only comical part of the ordeal, said Descartes, her husband thought she might be leaving him.
Jeni Descartes said she was informed by her brother-in-law Dec. 22 their house, which they own, was listed on Kijiji, a popular national buying and selling website in Canada.
It was an ad on a popular buy/sell website that informed a Winnipeg family their house was up for rent.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 28/12/2015 (1156 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 28/12/2015 (1156 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
It was an ad on a popular buy/sell website that informed a Winnipeg family their house was up for rent.
The problem was it wasn't.
The photos included six-year-old photos of the Descartes home.
Jeni Descartes said she was informed by her brother-in-law Dec. 22 their house, which they own, was listed on Kijiji, a popular national buying and selling website in Canada.
At first, and the only comical part of the ordeal, said Descartes, her husband thought she might be leaving him.
"They called me up and said, ‘Is there something you want to tell me?'" she said. "And I said, ‘No. That can't possibly be true.' Apparently it was there. I typed in Charleswood, and lo and behold, there was my house."
There the farcical bit came to a screeching halt.
Descartes called up the previous owner, whom she knew personally, to see if they had made an error.
They hadn't.
"We then started sending emails to the ad itself, but to no response," she said.
The ad provided a complete description of Descartes' home, minus some small details, and included pictures from six years previously when the family first bought it, before they renovated it.
The move-in date was slated for Feb. 1, 2016, and came with instruction to drive by and see it, but also with a caveat: "Please do NOT disturb existing tenants, please send me an email here."
The cost to rent was listed at $1,600.
The ad provided no name or phone number by which to get a hold of the person who posted it.
"The ad was posted on Dec. 18," Descartes said. "It was taken down on Dec. 22 after we got in touch with Kijiji. I had phoned police as well, but they said they couldn't really do anything about it and to get a hold of the website.
"We also found the ad on five other sites, so we had to get in contact with them to have it taken down as well."
Descartes said the ad had more than 100 hits before it was taken down. On her usually quiet street, she said more cars started frequenting her area.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
"At first, we didn't think anything of it until we saw this ad," she said.
Descartes said this holiday season has been a trying time for her family. Her father died in November, and having to worry about people driving by with young kids at home, ages 13 and 14, things haven't been so easy.
"I felt very violated, there were pictures of the inside of my home," she said. "And I had all of my neighbours questioning whether I actually owned my home. It was a little embarrassing."
Meanwhile, Descartes said she was happy with Kijiji's response to taking down the ad immediately, but said she feels there should be more proof required when posting an ad for a home.
"I use the site for my business and myself, but as a homeowner, some proof should be required to show you own the home to prevent scams like this happening," she said.
scott.billeck@freepress.mb.ca
After six rocky years, which included a multi-million-dollar signing bonus, several position changes and a drug suspension, the Orioles will be cutting ties with former first-round pick Billy Rowell.
Rowell, the ninth overall selection in the 2006 draft, can become a minor league free agent as soon as the World Series ends, and the Orioles will not make him an offer to return, according to an industry source. It will put the final exclamation point on what is arguably the biggest draft bust in franchise history.
The 24-year-old Rowell, who signed for a $2.1 million bonus as the first high school position player in the 2006 draft – one spot ahead of two-time National League Cy Young Award winner Tim Lincecum – will have a chance to latch on with another organization.
It's not a surprise considering Rowell, a first baseman and third baseman who also attempted to become an outfielder and a pitcher, did not have one at-bat for the Orioles' organization in 2012. The previous year he hit just .227 with no homers in 41 games with Double-A Bowie, the highest level he reached in six minor-league seasons.
In May, Rowell was suspended for 50 games for testing positive for marijuana. It was the second time he had tested positive for recreational drug use. When he returned from suspension, he went to the organization's complex in Sarasota, Fla., and began a throwing program in an attempt reinvent himself as a right-handed pitcher.
He dealt with some arm soreness, was sent home and was never summoned back to Sarasota. He was kept on short-season Aberdeen's roster all year for procedural reasons, but never played a game for the IronBirds.
The 6-foot-5 infielder from New Jersey will finish his career in the Orioles' organization with a .261 average and 40 homers in 550 minor-league games, most at High-A Frederick.
The $2.1 million bonus paid to Rowell was the largest the Orioles had ever given a position player until catcher Matt Wieters received $6 million the following year.
Five baby Otters have been thrown in at the deep end, while being taught how to swim, by their parents at Chester Zoo.
Mum, Annie, and dad, Wallace, took their new pups for their first proper dip in the water. The new pups recently emerged from their den, with their parents, for the first time since the quintet was born July 8th.
The new litter of Asian Short-clawed Otters, which currently weigh between 450g and 612g, is made up of two boys and three girls; all yet to be named by their keepers. This is the first litter for two-year-old Annie and four-year-old Wallace.
Fiona Howe, assistant otter team manager at the zoo, said, “While Otters might seem like born naturals in the water, even they need to be taught the basics in the early stages of their lives.
“Asian Short-clawed Otters are a highly social species and learning to swim is a real family effort. Mum Annie and dad Wallace have both been working together and, now that they are confident that each of the pups are ready to start swimming, they've been taking them by the scruffs of their necks and dropping them in at the deep end. All five of them are getting to grips with the water really, really quickly.
“Annie and Wallace are first time parents but they're doing a fab job, sharing with the daily care of the pups, including grooming, babysitting and feeding.”
Photo Credits: Chester Zoo
Asian Short-clawed Otters, which are found in various parts of Asia from India to the Philippines and China, are listed by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) as “Vulnerable” to extinction. Experts believe the species is likely to soon become endangered, unless the circumstances increasing the threat to its survival improve.
Sarah Roffe, otter team manager, added, “Many of the wetlands where Asian Short-clawed Otters live are being taken over by humans for agricultural and urban development, while some otters are hunted for their skins and organs which are used in traditional Chinese medicines.
“It has led to a decline in their numbers - a rapid decline in some regions - and they are now listed as one of the world's most vulnerable species. That's why it's so important to support conservation projects to safeguard the future of this important species.”
As well as a successful record with breeding exotic Otter species, Chester Zoo has also helped fund research and conservation projects in Cheshire to monitor and safeguard native otter populations, which are distant relations of the Asian Short-clawed species.
The new pups are welcome addition to the European Endangered Species Breeding Programme, a carefully managed scheme overseeing the breeding of zoo animals in different countries.
The species is also sometimes to referred to as the Oriental Small-clawed Otter, or Small-clawed Otter. As their name suggests, they have short but very flexible, sensitive claws, useful for digging, climbing and also for grabbing and holding on to prey. They are the smallest of all otters, and in the wild, they live in small groups across Asia from India and Nepal to the Philippines, Indonesia, China, Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand.
They mainly eat crabs, other water creatures and fish.
Organic foods are up to 60 per cent higher in many antioxidants and have lower levels of a toxic metal, than conventionally grown crops, according to a UK study.
The study, published in the British Journal of Nutrition on July 15, is a meta-analysis of 342 peer reviewed publications on the compositional differences between organic and conventional crops.
The study is one of the largest and most comprehensive of its kind, but its authors have argued that there is not enough conclusive evidence that organic food is better for you.
The study's senior author, Professor Carlo Leifert from the Newcastle University school of Agriculture, Food and Rural Development, says there seemed to be some health benefits to organic food.
But he says more work needs to be done to measure the health effect of human consumption of organics.
"The fact that you find that composition differences, even for compounds that are linked to health benefits, doesn't mean that you can make a health claim to say that organic food is better for you," Professor Leifert said.
Professor Leifert says he found that on average, over all crops and in all geographic locations where studies were undertaken, antioxidants were higher in organic foods.
He says conventional foods were found to have a higher concentration of a toxic metal called cadmium and a higher frequency of pesticides.
Dr Ian Musgrove, a molecular pharmacologist and toxicologist at the University of Adelaide, says it is "yet another study that shows there is little difference in nutritional content" between organically and conventionally grown food.
"This study is consistent with a lot of other studies that have looked at the amount of nutrients in organic versus inorganic foods," Dr Musgrove said.
Dr Musgrove says there are some increases in certain antioxidant species, but in terms of overall nutritional value, there is not much to choose between the two.
"If you're going to choose organic food, then there are no strong health reasons to choose organic food over conventionally grown food," Dr Musgrove said.
One out of three Connecticut residents believe the state's overall quality of life is declining, according to a new survey by Sacred Heart University's Institute for Public Policy.
The survey, which queried 1,000 Connecticut residents between Oct. 3 -12, found 30.3 percent of respondents citing a decline in the quality of life within the state, while more than 3 out of 5 respondents found it “very” or “somewhat difficult” to maintain their standard of living.
Nearly half of respondents who reported making more than $150,000 per year said they are considering moving out of Connecticut within the next five years. Among all income groups, the “high overall cost of living” and “high overall tax burden” were identified as the greatest problems for Connecticut residents.
When asked what could be done to improve Connecticut's livability, 76.4 percent of respondents suggested that the state should offer more incentives in the form of tax credits and rebates in order to attract and retain businesses, while 84.4 percent of respondents said municipalities should merge and consolidate public services to help cut costs.
“The state is at a critical crossroads, and it appears obvious from the results of this survey that residents are experiencing a high degree of anxiety over the state's budget battles, taxes and the cost of living in Connecticut,” said Lesley A. DeNardis, director of the Institute for Public Policy and the master of public administration program that will launch in fall 2018.
“Analysis indicates that public awareness and frustration over bipartisan bickering and the state's failure to reach reasonable compromises that might help reverse declining income and quality of life will lead to residents ‘voting with their feet' in the coming years.”
The university partnered with GreatBlue Research Inc. of Cromwell in coordinating the survey. The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 3.02 percent.
April 1, 2015 - Athens, GA Terrapin Beer Co. knows that consumers want as many choices as possible when choosing a beer to share with their friends and family. In steps SKU Rationalization Double Session IPA, Terrapin's answer to an ever-growing fan base with ever-expanding needs.
Craft beer has grown considerably in total marketshare volume over the past few years; the shelves are filled to the brim with new, creative styles of beer and more are released every day. With the growing choice of flavors has come the growing choice of packaging options. Terrapin has kept an eye on this trend and is responding with the release of a brand new year-round beer with more packaging options than any other beer on the market. Not only will this give their consumer the level of choice they crave, it will put the Terrapin brand front-and-center by creating the optimal billboard effect on retail shelves.
"One of our core values here at Terrapin is to 'Exceed Customer Expectations'. With that in mind, we do our best to keep a finger on the pulse of industry trends," said Terrapin's Vice President of Sales & Marketing Dustin Watts. "What we've been hearing is that our consumers are asking for a brand that offers tons of package options at the retail level, and we firmly believe that Terrapin SKU Rationalization will deliver on the promise we've made through our company values."
From the label:
“SKU Rationalization Double Session IPA brings freedom to craft beer lovers like never before. No more will you have to compromise taste for choice with this massively-hopped, subtly-malted, best-of-both-worlds IPA. Three beers or eight? Cans or bottles? Two beers in a session, or two sessions of beers? The choice is yours, and the sky is never the limit."
ABV: 4.6x2%
IBU: 89.539
OG: 19.3
Hops: Apollo, Cascade, Tettnang, Columbus, Liberty, Pacific Gem (dry hop)
Malts: 6-Row Pale, Flaked Rye, CaraPilsner, Victory
SKU Rationalization will be available in the following package formats: 32 oz. single bottles, 3-packs of 19.2 oz. cans, 3-packs of 12 oz. bottles, 8-packs of 12 oz. bottles, 11-packs of 12 oz. cans, 11-packs of 12 oz. bottles, 17-packs of 12 oz. cans, 17-packs of 12 oz. bottles, 37-packs of 12 oz. cans, 1/6 BBL kegs, 1/4 BBL kegs, 1/2 BBL kegs, and 1 BBL kegs. Terrapin will also soon begin a program allowing individual retailers to create customized package formats unique to their business.
Of all the lies Ferdinand Marcos propagated, the most interesting one has got to be his Tasaday hoax. I say “interesting” because it is unlike most martial law stories of unconscionable torture and murder; we can be interested in it without feeling ignorant, remorseful, or angry. Marcos' fabrication of a Stone Age tribe is seemingly harmless beside his plunder and slaughter, so we end up glossing over it and forgetting that it ever happened. But like other stories from that dark period of our history, the Tasaday episode is worth examining if we wish to understand how truly despicable Marcos' rule was. I stumbled upon the first extensive article in National Geographic magazine on the Tasaday, published August, 1972, a month before martial law was declared. In those 20 months leading to martial law, there was grave political and economic unrest: gas prices soared worldwide; the peso crashed from P3.90 to the US dollar in 1969 to P5.5 to $1 in January 1970 due to the net deficit (i.e., mismanaged debt) of the Marcos government in 1969, standing three times larger than in the previous year and roughly equal to the cumulative deficits between 1961 and 1969; the average income of the richest families ballooned to 15 times more than that of the poorest; and nearly half of the family population (16 million) was unable to satisfy minimum food needs. Marcos needed to take the heat off him, so he decided to rally Filipinos against the Malaysians instead. His administration set out to win back Sabah. But in order to do that, they felt that they needed to prove that prehistoric Filipinos existed. And, as though on cue, the Tasaday sprouted out of nowhere, “discovered” by one of his cronies, Manuel “Manda” Elizalde, Jr.
Worldwide curiosity: A Tasaday child, named Lobo, hanging onto trees; one of the few times the Philippines landed on the cover of the National Geographic magazine.
‘Hero for Indigenous Peoples'
Mando Elizalde was the appointed Secretary of the Presidential Arm for National Minorities (PANAMIN). He had been hailed the hero of indigenous peoples ever since his appearance in an article for National Geographic magazine, entitled “Help for Philippine Tribes in Trouble” in August 1971. He was depicted as the savior for the Lumad, rugged, “young, wealthy, and Harvard-educated,” who, with Marcos' blessing, helicopters down into their villages (with a Vietnam War veteran as his pilot, no less) as he stops loggers from ever entering their land. Beat that, Captain Planet.
In the 27-page article about the Tasaday, entitled “Stone Age Cavemen of Mindanao,” Manda Elizalde was known to the Tasaday as Momo Dakel Diwata Tasaday, or Great Bringer of Good Fortune. In it Balayem, a representative from the Tasaday, was quoted as saying, “Our ancestors told us never to leave this place of ours. They told us the god of our people would come if we remained here. Their words have been proven true by the coming of Momo Dakel Diwata Tasaday.”Mahayag, also a Tasaday, continued by saying, “If we had not met Momo Dakel Diwata Tasaday, we would probably have died in darkness without seeing the prophecy of our ancestors come true. We can see how he loves us. He has eyes and ears with us now.” Of course, President Marcos was duly credited as the one with the power to give them their lands.
Last Remnants of the Stone Age
Kenneth MacLeish, senior assistant editor for National Geographic magazine at the time, wrote with fascination about the Tasaday. He was stunned the moment he entered their cave, let his guard down, and immediately viewed the Tasaday as mankind's last remnants from the Stone Age. He swallowed their story without thinking twice and wrote a sensational account of men who called their helicopter “a big bird,” a tribe who had “no words for numbers,” refused meat and hunting bows because they had “no need for it,” scattered their dead around the mountains, had no agricultural implements, and no leader all at the same time. MacLeish dubbed them as “perhaps the simplest of living humans… closest to nature… gentle and affectionate.” He even narrated an instance when a Tasaday attempted to build fire by placing tinder over his flashlight's lens. The National Geographic Society also filmed them; the documentary was shown repeatedly worldwide. Perhaps unknowingly, MacLeish and his organization became an accomplice to the Tasaday hoax. But it was Manda Elizalde, as well as the Marcos administration, who benefited most from the Tasaday story. They captivated the world's imagination and a slew of visitors from here and abroad paid handsomely to visit and study the so-called “Stone Age tribe.” Momo Dakel Diwata Tasaday exclusively facilitated the excursions.
But it didn't take long for archeologists to smell a rat. When the Marcos administration was deposed by the People Power Revolution in February 1986, Elizalde no longer held control of visitations to the Tasaday. The authoritarian government's filter on what researchers could and could not do on-site was removed. Swiss journalist Oswald Iten, accompanied by Joey Lozano, slipped into the area on March 1986 and spotted the Tasaday living in houses and wearing regular clothes. The following week, German magazine Stern sent their reporters who saw the Tasaday wearing leaves once more… but with cloth garments underneath.
Worldwide Curiosity
It caused worldwide curiosity and, with the tyrannous Marcos and the PANAMIN gone, the Tasaday's ways were called into question. If they indeed foraged for food, how come they never migrated from their cave? Introduced to metal, how come they never sought it themselves? And most pressingly, what was up with the habitat/clothing shift (and shift back)? Soon, experts declared that the Tasaday was simply a fake, a ploy by the Marcos regime to revise history and gain sympathy when they needed it. The Tasadays were called con artists by the press, and their existence was wiped out of many history books. In Iten's article, a Tasaday confessed, “We didn't live in caves, only near them, until we met Elizalde. (He) forced us to live in the caves so that we'd be better cavemen. Before he came, we lived in huts on the other side of the mountain and we farmed. We took off our clothes because Elizalde told us to do so and promised if we looked poor that we would get assistance. He gave us money to pose as Tasaday and promised us security from counter-insurgency and tribal fighting.”When the initial shock receded early in the ‘90s, it was declared that the Tasaday were probably related to the Manobo of South Cotabato. And while it was true that they had a culture of their own (and were not simply acting), they — most definitely — had not been a tribe from the Paleolithic period. It remains widely accepted that their claim to fame was an outright lie. My cousin, practicing archeologist Anna Pineda, calls the Tasaday hoax “a cautionary tale for nationalism driven by the wrong reasons.” Kara David of GMA News visited the Tasaday in June 2009. In her short documentary, she showed how the Tasadays continued to live real lives, and that they cursed the day outsiders came. They now farm, live in nipa houses, remain poor and sparingly schooled, and they wholeheartedly believe that they are Tasaday. It became clear to me that the real culprit was not the Tasaday, but the ones who declared them relics of the Stone Age. The Tasadays were used, sent back in time, to support the belief that all power, all truth, and all that's fair emanated from the great Ferdinand Emmanuel Edralin Marcos.
* * *
Tweet the author @sarhentosilly.
I started a petition two years ago to make a Magic: the Gathering art book. A few hundred people signed up to support it and seemingly nothing came from it. In January 2014, I put forth a formal proposal to make one with a Magic artist. It was met with a firm no.
Did these efforts help move the boulder to getting us an art book of Magic: the Gathering in January of 2015? It's possible, but the means and prior efforts are meaningless because someone inside Wizards of the Coast champione the idea to make a new art book, the first of its kind since 1998.
Battle for Zendikar | Victor Adame Minguez (@victoradameart)
What's is the book? Good art?
I would argue it's more of a style guide than an art book.
Art books tend to show the process of art creation, assuming the readers knows what the final product looks like in its completed form. Artists then sometimes comment on what they were thinking to trying to do with their concepts. It's scanned pages of rough paper, napkin thumbnails and shows from concept to final form and the journey to get there. Yes, there are art books made just with final art forms but those are more exhibition catalogues like a museum or gallery would create.
Mega art book collectors find art books without sketches, rough color sketches or conceptual pieces to be too curated. We can compare this to art of video game art books which vary from four-hundred page tomes, showing insight from art to rough ideas covering a page to highly curated, brand approved images. Below, you'll see an excerpt from the Planeswalker Guide to Alara, which is closer to an art book, yet still a highly curated and written guide.
The best art books are large, heavy, colorful and written by an actual member of the world building art team that worked on the game, movie or creation, and filled with artist commentary on the process. The art books that transition from image to image and have very little are really of low value because it assumes the reader won't take the time to ingest all the information except the finished art. When you see a full page of just turnarounds for characters or weapons with no words on the page, it's because someone stepped in to make it more “readable.”
The sheer scale of the new book compared to the last style guide publication is sizable.
Style guides conversely are meant to be reference guides. Sections are clearly delineated, information is categorized and the roughness or conceptual insight is generally removed because it isn't canon. Internal style guides are given to creatives to make a completed, finished product or license and those inform public products like this Zendikar book. Information needs to be thorough, easily searchable and formally written. Artists can write style guides, but their commentary or personality shouldn't show through. These are tomes of the final destination vs. art books being visual journals of the journey.
The Art of Magic: the Gathering: Zendikar isn't an art book, it's a style guide.
How it differs from the official style guides given to artists and freelancers is that the conceptual world is completed vs. a work-in-progress. In internal style guides, there are contradictions and incomplete ideas. This book on Zendikar is anything but incomplete, it's a masterful reference guide.
What's in the book?
The sections, in order are:
The Binding of the Eldrazi
Races of Zendikar
Regions of the World
Rise of the Eldrazi
A Zendikar Bestiary
Appendix: Finding Zendikar
The last appendix is writing from head designer Mark Rosewater explaining a few concepts and tidbits missing from the book like what allies were called in the design phase and where they began after the first Zendikar block.
Most notable in the book is the sheer size of artworks. There are both small works, inset artworks, full pages and two-page spreads. To understand the importance of a 10 inch by 11” book, below you'll see an Alpha artwork and how small they all were due to the printer in 1993 being rather small.
What isn't in the book?
Emrakul
The Eldrazi titan and her brood is described in an encyclopedic fashion but where she is or what she's doing is absent from the book.
As the original design plan was to have each Eldrazi titan to get a set, when three sets became two, she got squeezed out. This leaves us with at least two options, either she is the best held secret in years in Oath of the Gatewatch or she is off plane. I've been a rather public proponent that Emrakul is on Zendikar and will be in Oath of the Gatewatch. My logic is twofold, Chekhov's Gun is a very real game design concept of teasing without fulfillment, but there hasn't been a tease. I also think Emrakul would be the wow factor, proving a hidden facet could be held and somehow worked into a set in 2015, with mythic card counts, numbering and rapid internet information sharing. With expeditions being revealed, all the mythic slots being full and the chance of us seeing Emrakul being nearly zero, the opportunity for an Emrakul card to sneak into the set as a secret mythic, expedition or prerelease/release promo card would be absurd for set hype.
Maps
Maps are just not part of world building efforts anymore. As they aren't needed to make sets, they force a narrative and scale which is limiting. While they could be used in some areas of Ravnica, trying to name where the Dimir or Gruul reside is a near-impossible task.
Sketches
Seeing any process shots of the artists making the art or working through concepts is utterly absent from this book. The first art book was quaint, showing some images that never made it onto cards and the concept art team of Pete Venters, Ant Scott Waters, Mark Tedin and Anson Maddocks take unbridled creativity into making the Weatherlight. It worked then but few comparables existed for games to showcase their art and world building efforts.
Battle for Zendikar | Art by Tyler Jacobson
Is the book good?
To say it isn't good needs comparison of what makes a good art book.
The previous iteration, The Art Of Magic The Gathering was really a concept art book for the Weatherlight Saga, with some styles guide snippets of world building information and a few full page images of art. This new art book of Zendikar has no sketches, roughs or concept art turnaround images. It's cleaner, more polished and seemingly, more brand approved. It's also a massive four pounds worth of book!
The expectations for this first iteration are pretty low, considering the amount of time since the last version. That said, since most diehard vorthoses preordered this book, regardless of quality, there will be sales and some happy customers because they just want something.
The book is written by James Wyatt, a talented member on the storyline side of Magic's creative team, who started at Wizards of the Coast on the Dungeons and Dragons side. The man can write and he consciously chose to write for breadth and depth where he could.
Who would want this book?
If you have a coffee table and near zero geek shame, you should already own this. It's hefty and the beautiful cover by Adam Paquette begs to be opened and paged through. Why it's so large is the amount of full page artworks. It's lovely to see both major cards get art blown up but also minor cards with major art
If you have any other art book from any video game studio, you will want this. It's rather enjoyable from my obviously biased opinion at best, and has pretty pictures that are fun to page through from time to time at worst.
If you're an aspiring Magic artist, working on smaller TCGs or even an art student, you will want this. Yes, the art is huge and you get to see brushstrokes but more importantly, you get to read why the land behaves like it does or why the vampires look differently than other vampires. Having the rationale on everything on the plane can help your own efforts from character design to speed painting of environments.
If you're looking for a gift for your spouse who plays Magic, this is a fantastic Valentine's Day gift if they don't have it already. It's not mega expensive, it's fun and if someone doesn't have it, it's a nice surprise.
Conclusion
If you are on the fence about this book, but you're more of a Ravnica fan, buy this. The more that are purchased, the higher chance they will keep making these books. They've committed to one on Innistrad but that is it thus far. I hate to be a shill, but only sales will keep these being made. The original art book in 1998 sold terrible. It wasn't massive and advertising was minimal. This time, the product is quality, will we respond by buying them? It's already the #1 book on Amazon for Card Games on the first day of release, and I don't see it dropping down within a week or two.
That said, at over 200 pages, this is well worth the sticker price as an art book, which are $30-50 easily and only have art. This has full style guide information within it, a full Uncharted Realms story and never before seen images of the Eldrazi. James Wyatt skimmed no topic of Zendikar, if there is a reference, he covers it with a paragraph or more in the book.
It's a great book and I look forward to referencing this style guide masquerading as an art book for years.
-Mike
Leduc — One of three people arrested in a bizarre case of an Alberta family allegedly kidnapped by a group of naked people is facing additional charges.
Court records show a 35-year-old woman has been charged with impaired driving, dangerous driving, causing property damage over $5,000 and four counts of assault with a weapon — the weapon being a car.
The woman, along with a 27-year-old man and his 30-year-old wife, were charged earlier this month with kidnapping and resisting arrest after RCMP responded to a crash in Nisku, just south of Edmonton.
Officers said they found several naked people in a car that had rammed a truck.
Inside the truck were a man, his adult daughter and her baby, who had been allegedly taken by the group from an area home against their will and were rescued by the truck's driver.
No one was hurt and a relative has said that the accused are good people who unknowingly drank some hallucinogenic tea over breakfast that was brought home from a trip to a foreign country.
Others have said the accused and alleged victims know each other as neighbours and members of the same Jehovah's Witness church.
A 13-year-old girl and her 15-year-old sister, the daughters of the woman facing the most charges, were also found naked in the car but were not charged.
The accused, who have been released from custody, cannot be identified due to a publication ban.
The case returns to Leduc court Dec. 21.
Anti-War Website Operator Threatened By Armed Thugs
Information Clearing House editor victim of home invasions, warnings to "stop what he is doing on the Internet, NOW!"
Paul Joseph Watson
Propaganda Matrix
Thursday, August 7, 2008
The operator of a leading alternative news and strongly anti-war website has become the target of nefarious thugs apparently in the employ of the U.S. government who have continually harassed him and ordered him to shut down his website. Tom Feeley, owner and editor of InformationClearingHouse.info, has endured public harassment, home invasions, death threats and threats to his family simply for running a website. Counterpunch writer Mike Whitney has circulated an e mail describing what happened to Feeley in an attempt to draw attention to the matter. Whitney writes that earlier this week Feeley's wife was startled to suddenly discover three well dressed men standing in her kitchen who told her that Tom must "Stop what he is doing on the Internet, NOW!" To emphasize the point, the thug pulled back his jacket to reveal a gun while barking out the warning. Tom's wife was hysterical and refuses to go back to the house. She contacted the FBI but was told there was nothing they could do. According to Whitney, "The well-dressed man told Tom's wife that he knew where her son lived, what line of work he was in, and how many children he had." Subsequently, two men in a parked car a block from Tom's mother's house were spotted using laptops and sped off when they were approached by Tom's son. A similar incident had happened four years previously, when Feeley was approached by a stranger in the parking lot of Long's Drug store in Southern California, after being forced to remain in his car by an accomplice who blocked him from opening the car door. The man told him, "You need to stop what you are doing on the web". Tom said the man was overweight and had his shirt untucked. Tom was taken aback, but (after collecting himself said) "What the fuck? Who do you think you are telling me what I can do?"
The man answered, "Tom, I'm just giving you some good advice. You should take my advice, Tom." Alex Jones has experienced similar intimidation tactics on several occasions in the past, particularly the scenario that happened to Tom in the parking lot as well as thinly veiled threats against his family. In every single instance, the best response is to stand up and be vocal in the face of such harassment. Mafia-like thugs only continue to feed on those who put up with such treatment. The most dangerous thing to do is cower and acquiesce to the will of tyrants. This kind of tactics will only succeed if the thugs think their actions can have any kind of effect. Every time someone in our movement is intimidated or harassed, we should respond only by re-doubling and intensifying our efforts. I'll tell you this about Tom Feeley; he is no bullshitter," writes Whitney, "He is the "real deal" and completely committed to exposing the mob that is presently running our country. He does not understand why, (as he says) "They are reaching down SO far to get someone who just runs web site". But, the truth is, they are. Someone wants him to "shut up" and they apparently have the muscle to do it. He knows he is in danger." Feeley is ditching his cellphone and maintaining a low profile but to his credit, refuses to cave in to the threats and will continue to publish his website. Drawing attention to Feeley's situation is of paramount importance to ensure his protection and also to combat head on attempts to create a chilling atmosphere and intimidate journalists and website publishers. [DISCUSS THIS STORY IN OUR FORUM]
Paul Joseph Watson: Internet Censorship a Growing Cancer
Steve Watson: British Kids Encouraged To Become "Climate Cops"
Steve Watson: Terror Stopped For Putting My Hand in My Pocket
Paul Watson on the Alex Jones Show: The state wants your children.
Web PM
Web PM
Web PM
Plural voting is the practice whereby one person might be able to vote multiple times in an election. It is not to be confused with a plurality voting system which does not necessarily involve plural voting. Weighted voting is a generalisation of plural voting.
United Kingdom [ edit ]
In the United Kingdom, up to 1948, people affiliated with a university were allowed a vote in both a university constituency and their home constituency, and property owners could vote both in the constituency where their property lay and that in which they lived, if the two were different. Therefore some university-educated property owners could vote in three different constituencies. After 1910, the Liberal Government was intent on passing a Plural Voting Bill that sought to prevent electors who appeared on the electoral register more than once from voting more than once. Liberal and Unionist Headquarters were in agreement that 29 seats were won by Unionists in December 1910 because of plural voting.[1] However, before the bill could pass through Parliament, the Great War started and the bill was shelved. These practices were finally abolished by the Representation of the People Act 1948, which first applied in the 1950 General Election.
Northern Ireland [ edit ]
Until the Electoral Law Act 1968 took effect in 1969,[2] the Queen's University, Belfast constituency was retained in the Parliament of Northern Ireland and owners of businesses were allowed to cast more than one vote. Tim Pat Coogan wrote on this subject:
Limited companies and occupiers of premises with a rateable valuation of £10 could appoint nominees – as could companies for each £10 of their valuations – under a system of plural voting, which even allowed such votes to be cast in another constituency ...[3]
Belgium [ edit ]
In Belgium, plural voting was introduced in 1893 and applied for elections from 1894 to 1919 as a way to limit the impact of universal suffrage.
Every male citizen over 25 got one vote for legislative elections, but some electors got up to two supplementary votes according to some criteria:[4][5]
holder of a school diploma;
family head over 30, paying a poll tax of at least five francs;
holder of a savings account of at least 2,000 francs, or beneficiary of a life annuity of at least 100 francs.
For municipal elections, a fourth vote was granted to family heads who paid a fixed level of electoral tax, or whose cadastral income was at least of 150 francs.
Ireland [ edit ]
The Local Government (Dublin) Act 1930, passed by the Cumann na nGaedheal government, provided that Dublin City Council would comprise 30 popularly elected "ordinary members" and five "commercial members" elected by business ratepayers (individuals or corporate persons). The commercial members were elected by single transferable vote in a single five-member constituency, with each elector casting between one and six ballots depending on the rate they paid.[6] The commercial members were abolished in 1935 by the Fianna Fáil government.[7]
Inland fisheries boards prior to 2010[8] were elected by holders of fishing licences, who until 1980[9] had varying numbers of votes depending on the cost of their licences.[10]
New Zealand [ edit ]
Plural voting, also referred to as "dual voting", was abolished in New Zealand in 1889. It was previously available to certain male property owners.[11]
Parental vote [ edit ]
It has been proposed that a parent should get a vote for each dependent child, to increase the birth rate or to increase the importance of long-term planning as an election issue. This was proposed in France in 1871 by Louis Henri de Gueydon;[12] in the UK in 2003 by Demos,[13] and in 2007 by Dutch economist Lans Bovenberg.[14] It is a policy of the Christian Party of Austria and has been proposed by some members of Law and Justice in Poland.
Contemporary theory [ edit ]
Philosopher Thomas Mulligan has proposed a system of plural voting which uses a mathematical algorithm to determine voters' ability and then gives higher-ability voters more votes.[15]
See also [ edit ]
Republican presidential candidate, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney boards his campaign charter plane in Jacksonville, Fla., Wednesday, Sept. 12, 2012. AP
(CBS News) The conventional wisdom emerged in Washington almost immediately on Wednesday: Mitt Romney's handling of the violence in Egypt and Libya was a disaster.
"The comments were a big mistake, and the decision to double down on them was an even bigger mistake," Steve Schmidt, senior campaign strategist to Sen. John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign, told CBS News. "There are legitimate criticisms to be made but you foreclose on your ability to make them when you try to score easy political points. And the American people, when the country is attacked, whether they're a Republican or Democrat or independent, want to see leaders who have measured responses, not leaders whose first instinct is to try to score political points."
Romney's campaign released a statement late Tuesday night in response to a statement by the U.S. embassy in Cairo condemning "the continuing efforts by misguided individuals to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims -- as we condemn efforts to offend believers of all religions."
The embassy statement, which was in response to anger over production of an amateurish anti-Islam film, came before any violence occurred. (It was an apparent effort to head off possible violence.) It was also a statement from the embassy, not the Obama administration, which later distanced itself from the sentiment.
The Romney campaign nonetheless asserted "that the Obama administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions, but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks." Again, the first response came before there were any attacks, and it did not come from the Obama administration.
Wednesday morning, Romney held a press conference to follow up on his initial statement. Between Romney's initial statement and his press conference, the situation had turned tragic: The U.S. Ambassador to Libya, J. Christopher Stevens, and three other Americans were killed in Benghazi. (Protesters had also stormed the embassy in Cairo, Egypt.) Romney decided to stand by his initial criticism amid a flood of questions about whether he had jumped the gun, stating that "It's never too early for the United States government to condemn attacks on Americans and to defend our values."
Romney's initial position fit into his longtime argument that Mr. Obama has, as president, been too willing to apologize for America. But his decision to double down left some observers incredulous.
"I saw the statement he put out last night and I thought it was maybe a low-level press person who put this out and today they would correct the damage," Darrell West, vice president of Governance Studies at the Brookings Institution, told CBS News. "Instead they're digging the hole deeper. I mean you can't really play partisan politics in U.S. foreign policy."
Obama: Romney shoots first, aims later
The seeming mishandling of the situation prompted comparisons to McCain's handling of the financial meltdown in September 2008, which is widely seen as having contributed to Mr. Obama's victory that November. One top adviser to McCain's 2008 run told CBS News that while the Romney campaign should be concerned, the situations are fundamentally different.
The financial collapse "immediately impacted the U.S. population - main street America. I don't know if that's going to happen in this case," he said.
Still, the adviser added, the fact that the Romney campaign is facing widespread criticism for its handling of the Libya killings could have a lasting impact.
"If the American public perceives him as not ready for prime time, that's a serious risk," he said. "And that can start with a drumbeat within Washington."
Even before Romney put out the statement on Tuesday night, his campaign was facing criticism from Republicans who said that he needed to start offering up specific policy positions and a clear vision for the country. A second top adviser to McCain's 2008 presidential campaign told CBS News that the Romney campaign has continued to grasp at every "shiny object" that comes its way.
"It's whatever the thing is of the day, and they can be talking about social issues, or foreign policy, or whatever else, but they're not talking about a cogent economic plan to move the country," said the adviser. "These are all probably speed bumps, but they can't afford any speed bumps."
"So much for politics ending at the water's edge," a third top 2008 McCain campaign adviser added in an email. "Not sure why a campaign that's only advantage is on the economy wants to talk so much about foreign policy/national security. If Romney wants to pick a fight why isn't it about jobs. Every day Obama gets to talk about anything other than the economy is a good day for his campaign. Amazing."
"The choice is yours, brother. Live a thrall or die a king. Do you dare to fly? Unless you take the leap, you'll never know."
–George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows
All the houses of Westeros cherish hope in their secret hearts of claiming the Iron Throne for themselves. But the challenge is about to become greater than ever, with the addition of a new house and Objective cards. In A Feast for Crows, the newest Print on Demand expansion for A Game of Thrones: The Board Game Second Edition, all tactics and dreams of the future become subject to the will to conquer—and the fate of the draw.
Now available on our webstore, A Feast for Crows is a four-player scenario expansion that introduces a brand-new house to the armed marches and backstabbing of Westeros: namely, House Arryn. Led by the hoary Bronze Yohn Royce, and featuring iconic characters such as Littlefinger in their House deck, House Arryn focuses on gathering power tokens, and using them to quickly establish a definitive military and diplomatic advantage. From their home among the perilous peaks and precipices of The Eyrie, House Arryn is ready to join the Starks, Lannisters, and Baratheons in the dangers of throne-hunting.
An alternative setup has been crafted in order to produce a tactical situation reminiscent of the fourth book of George R.R. Martin's Song of Ice and Fire series, and with this new setup, deadly conflict is possible on the first turn of the game. With a well balanced four-player game and an advanced unit setup, the game proceeds faster than ever. But a new setup and quicker playtime are not the only additions that are brought to the table in the A Feast for Crows expansion.
The new scenario also features game-changing Objective cards that must shape player's thoughts and plans for their house's strategy. These new Objective cards are the only way to gain victory points in A Feast for Crows, making them the most important cards in the game. Each households an open Special Objective, which allows them to repeatedly gain points for each round that they control important bastions and central regions of Westeros.
Other neutral Objective cards are drawn and replaced as they are scored, as while as swapped and traded between players through the events in a replacement Westeros deck. The goals of these Objective cards vary widely, but an innovative ranking system maintains balance by scaling the amount of victory points different houses can gain for fulfilling these objectives.
What Is Print on Demand?
Print on Demand is an exciting process that allows Fantasy Flight Games to produce professionally finished cards on a made-to-order basis, which opens up new opportunities for expanding existing games.
This process (not to be confused with Print and Play) results in smaller print runs of professionally manufactured products, allowing publishers to provide fans with content that would otherwise not be commercially viable. If you're a retailer interested in carrying our Print on Demand products, visit our Professional Zone website to learn more.
Head to our webstore to order your copy, and prepare to see Westeros in a whole new way!
Note: Due to variations in the printing process, cards from Print on Demand expansions will be subtly different in appearance and texture from base game cards. Orders for this expansion through our webstore cannot be combined with other Print on Demand products, but may be combined with non-Print on Demand items.
Reuters has a poll out which found a surprising number of Californians are ready to secede from the union now that Donald Trump is president:
One in every three California residents supports the most populous U.S. state's peaceful withdrawal from the union, according to a new Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll, many of them Democrats strongly opposed to Trump's ascension to the country's highest office. The 32 percent support rate is sharply higher than the last time the poll asked Californians about secession, in 2014, when one-in-five or 20 percent favored it around the time Scotland held its independence referendum and voted to remain in the United Kingdom. California also far surpasses the national average favoring secession, which stood at 22 percent, down from 24 percent in 2014.
There is already a move to get Calexit on the ballot in 2019. Here's a sample of the pitch:
In our view, the United States of America represents so many things that conflict with Californian values, and our continued statehood means California will continue subsidizing the other states to our own detriment, and to the detriment of our children… In 2016, the United Kingdom voted to leave the international community with their “Brexit” vote. Our “Calexit” referendum is about California joining the international community.
Reuters write up on its poll results does not break the responses down by party but it does indicate the support for secession is especially strong among disillusioned Democrats. It would be interesting to see what percentage of California Democrats are ready to bolt the United States because of Trump.
Of course California isn't the only state which has flirted with abandoning the U.S. Prior to the election, Public Policy Polling, which often asks gag questions intended to embarrass Republicans, found that 40% of Texans would consider secession if Clinton won the election.
This still sounds like a fringe idea but the numbers suggest a lot of regular people on the right and the left are open to it. If the country continues to polarize, you have to assume the states which represent the far ends of the political continuum—California, Texas and maybe New York—could eventually see this become a majority opinion.
NORTH Korea has been quietly building military facilities that could be used to launch missiles on at least five islands in the Yellow Sea, satellite images reveal.
What used to be deserted wasteland has been transformed into strategic outposts constructed close to the city of Sohae, a major missile development and testing site around 200 kilometres northwest of Pyongyang.
Some of the built-up are entirely man-made “artificial islands” in the style of those built by the Chinese in the South China Sea to claim the land over Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan, Brunei and Vietnam.
The islands feature what appear to be missile launch pads or underground silos and observation areas, which could be used by Kim Jong-un, who likes to keep a close eye on the construction and operation of military facilities.
The islands all appear to be different sizes and shapes, with wide roads suitable for missile-bearing trucks leading to pale rectangular areas. This could indicate heat-resistant cement, ideal for launching the intercontinental ballistic missile technology that is developed at Sohae.
In Google Earth images from 2012, several of the islands look like no more than patches of sand, rock and scrubland.
The Diplomat has dubbed them “the Sohae Islands” because of their proximity to the military structure.
North Korea's missile launch stations are typically located in the mountains, so the positioning of these islands in the sea that is also bordered by China is unusual. The location could be appropriate for anti-aircraft or anti-ship area denial weapons, however.
If the aim is to deploy surface-to-air missiles, more infrastructure will be needed including radar and command posts.
It is also possible the facilities are for oil exploration, since the Yellow Sea is “full of oil”, North Korea expert Dr Leonid Petrov told news.com.au. The sea has estimated reserves of billions of tonnes but a lack of collaboration between the two countries has held back the exploitation of it.
In the recent past, there were also clashes between the two countries on the Yellow Sea, when North Korea would arrest Chinese fishermen and others until their companies paid a ransom. “It could be strategic or for oil exploration,” said Dr Petrov.
“Every time we see VIP buildings, that tells us there's most likely a military application, because Kim Jong-un likes to view the operations of whatever they're building,” Ryan Barenklau, chief executive of intelligence firm Strategic Sentinel told the LA Times.
“At first we were really concerned about what the initial purpose of those islands are — whether they're for military or agriculture purposes — but when we saw the observation decks, we thought, those are military.”
Some of the islands are part of the Taegyedo Tideland Reclamation Project, which began decades ago and finished in 2012, converting the area to hold a fish farm, duck farm and oyster farm.
It is possible the developments have agricultural or other civilian purposes, but North Korea has in the past used civilian construction projects for an additional military purpose.
Steve Sin, a researcher on unconventional weapons and technology at the University of Maryland, told the Times “the North Koreans build just about everything for dual purpose.”
He said that if the islands did have military purpose it was probably not to launch long-range ballistic missiles, but could be for shorter-range, more portable missiles such as KN-02 and Scuds. “North Korea still has to stack and fuel those at the launch site itself,” he said.
While the islands are nowhere near as numerous or as developed as the islands China has built up despite competing claims by nearby countries, the move is likely to provoke increased tension in these volatile times.
North Korea's failed ballistic missile launch last week marked the hermit state's latest show of defiance after it paraded its weapons and warned it is capable of a nuclear strike. Donald Trump responded by diverting a naval strike group toward the Korean peninsula but this week said he would be “honoured” to meet Kim Jong-un under the right conditions.
China has called for all of its citizens to return from North Korea immediately after a US citizen was detained for allegedly trying to overthrow the country's regime.
US-based analysts said on Tuesday satellite images indicated activity has resumed at North Korea's nuclear test site as tensions remain high over fears of an sixth atomic test by the reclusive state.
Images of the Punggye-ri site captured on April 25 appear to show workers pumping out water at a tunnel believed to have been prepared for an upcoming nuclear test, monitoring group 38 North said.
It also noted that a large number of personnel were seen throughout the facility, with some groups possibly playing volleyball, in what is very likely a propaganda scene.
Given the state's notorious secrecy, the purpose of the islands may remain shrouded in doubt for some time. They could even be a decoy from Kim's real plans.
One thing is for sure, their shadowy presence will create real anxiety.
International Campaign for reconstruction of Buddha's Statues, in Bamiyan
by: People of Afghanistan
recipient: The Government of Afghanistan, Afghan Parliament, the UN, UNESCO
In 2001 the world lost the internationally renowned Buddha statues of Bamiyan, when the Taliban bombed and destroyed them. However, we kept our hope to see again one day the statues stand on their feet.
Now scientists from the University of Munich have examined fragments of the statues and concluded that it is possible that one of them could be reconstructed. The female statue would be the first to be rebuilt and we hope the same thing for her partner. With this news, supporters of this Unesco world heritage site have become hopeful that Bamiyan Valley will regain its once flourishing status as a major center of Buddhism.
We, the signatories of this petition, earnestly request the Afghanistan government and Parliament pay due diligence to the rebuilding of the statues and allocate funds for this project in their coming budgetary year; and we also request the UN and UNESCO, as the main guardians of human heritage, to provide unequivocal support of this project.
read petition letter ▾
In 2001 the world lost the internationally renowned Buddha statues of Bamiyan, when the Taliban bombed and destroyed them. However, we kept our hope to see again one day the statues stand on their feet.
Now scientists from the University of Munich have examined fragments of the statues and concluded that it is possible that one of them could be reconstructed. The female statue would be the first to be rebuilt and we hope the same thing for her partner. With this news, supporters of this Unesco world heritage site have become hopeful that Bamiyan Valley will regain its once flourishing status as a major center of Buddhism.
We, the signatories of this petition, earnestly request the Afghanistan government and Parliament pay due diligence to the rebuilding of the statues and allocate funds for this project in their coming budgetary year; and we also request the UN and UNESCO, as the main guardians of human heritage, to provide unequivocal support of this project.
Sincerely,
The Petition Signers
CLEVELAND – LeBron James has spent so much of his career in the unwitting role of basketball Goliath, the small forward version of Wilt, that the struggle to become revered at, or near, the level of Michael Jordan is never going to happen – especially among the still-large collection of holdouts who have refused to forgive him for his first “Decision” to abandon Cleveland to chase championships in Miami.
It hasn't been an easy series for LeBron James. (Getty)
But his return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014 provided him with such a noble purpose – to restore hope for a once-proud but suddenly desolate community that clings to its sports teams like few others – and gave many others a chance to view James with a much different, more endearing perspective; the overdog coming back to uplift the underdogs. As the rare athlete who was forced to be concerned with legacy whilst still in his prime, James changed what would be a defining moment of his career from the quest to catch Jordan and his six rings to simply winning one for The Land.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
James joined a team that had a young star in Kyrie Irving, made sure the organization added another in Kevin Love, and assembled a three All-Star model that worked for him in Miami and had proven to be successful in Boston and San Antonio – the franchises that previously provided James with the most postseason misery. What James and the Cavaliers couldn't have predicted was an implausible power forming in Golden State, of all places.
Story continues
Had James put together this team at any other time, the Cavaliers might very well be chasing their second title in as many years together. The Warriors, however, have spent the past two seasons smoking competitors that have copied championship relics with a team that was built to conquer the future. The past four games between these two franchises, and especially the first two of the NBA Finals, have shown that a Big Three has been no match for a Big 10.
“We just want to win. It doesn't matter who scores the points or who gets the credit. We're not overly reliant on one player, even the MVP,” Warriors coach Steve Kerr said, without mentioning by name Stephen Curry, who has essentially been given a week off in the NBA Finals.
Golden State's depth has been dizzying, its dominance befuddling for some old-school geezers. And with Game 3 of this series representing the most important in his time with the Cavaliers, James faces seeing the grand plans he had for Cleveland, for his legacy, obliterated once again. Even with the rise of Curry, James still fancies himself the best player in the world, but a superhuman effort might not be enough to overcome the challenge ahead – having to win four of the final five games against a team that lost four of its first 52 games of the regular season.
“We can't afford to go down 3-0 to any team, especially a team that's 73-9 in the regular season and playing the type of basketball they're playing. So it's a do-or-die game for us, and we understand that,” James said. “They've played as great as I've seen them play … you wish you were not on the other side of that. But I don't think it's an adverse moment.”
Almost fittingly, James currently has the same Finals record as Wilt Chamberlain (2-4), a player once considered too big and too much of a brute to be beloved. But aside from his meltdown against Dallas in 2011, James has managed to escape the brunt of the blame for his Finals failings. He was a 22-year-old overachiever when he carried an unfit Cavaliers teams to the 2007 Finals. In 2014, the Spurs were playing at their beautiful-game best and still smarting from Ray Allen's shot in Game 6 of the previous year. And the absences of Irving and Love turned James into John Rambo in a tropical forest last year.
James, left, shoots against Golden State Warriors guard Klay Thompson (11) and forward Draymond Green in Game 2. (Getty)
After two embarrassing performances in Oakland, Calif., however, James has been called out for his lack of leadership and inability to inspire teammates who seem overwhelmed by the magnitude of the moment. He has been asked to eliminate any passivity, put the Cavaliers on his back and go 2015 Finals mode again. Though he won't deny that he has to "play better," James isn't sure if he can quantify all that entails. With Love listed as questionable while he remains under concussion protocol following an elbow to the head in Game 2, James will undoubtedly need to do more. But he denied that he needed to be Jordan-esque.
“I'm not Michael. I'm not [Muhammad] Ali. I'm not anybody else that's done so many great things for sport,” James said. “I am who I am, and if I'm able to go out and put together a game like that, it wasn't because I was possessed. It's because I worked on my craft all season long and that's the result of it.”
James recently described himself as the "low man on the totem pole" in Cleveland, a laughable comment given the burden he placed upon himself by coming back to the Cavaliers. The huge billboard adjacent to Quicken Loans Arena with “Cleveland” on his back is symbolic of his immense responsibilities. But that hasn't spared him from criticism for assembling a team that fit his specifications. Irving is around to ease the scoring burden. Love was acquired in exchange for the promising Andrew Wiggins to give him a more ready-to-win running mate. James denied any role in former coach David Blatt's dismissal but he certainly has a more desired occupant in that lead chair in Tyronn Lue.
Attempting to replicate what worked in Miami was laudable, but James' separation from that franchise has highlighted the character, brotherhood, equal star investment and organizational structure required to make successful such an experiment of egos. James has perhaps been afforded too much power in Cleveland, creating an environment that was mostly uneasy before a cakewalk of choreographed handshakes through the Eastern Conference.
But should the Cavaliers prove themselves incapable of completing a comeback against a team chasing immortality, James' greatest error in his second stint in Cleveland was not being a prophet. Like economists who couldn't have seen the housing collapse, James was among the many who didn't have the precognitive powers to prepare for Golden State. Heck, even the Warriors had no idea that Draymond Green was an All-Star power forward in the making when they chased Love before losing out – in the short term – to LeBron's Cavaliers.
James and the Cavaliers' dominance of the East shouldn't be diminished; they beat a Toronto team that had more wins than any other Warriors playoff opponent. If San Antonio or Oklahoma City had emerged from the Western Conference, Cleveland would've had a better shot at ending a more-than-50-year championship drought. James has no plans of Buffalo Billing. But the Warriors, the non-traditional, out-of-nowhere behemoths, stand in the way as a casualty of poor timing, more than anything else, for James.
More NBA coverage from The Vertical:
FBI Director James Comey came out today saying he doesn't have much new on Hillary, after all. This confirms everything Mr. Trump has said all along about our politics. The problem is that there are currently people in jail for things that Hillary has done en masse. This confirms to anyone awake that the corruption penetrates to unfathomable levels, and that Mr. Comey (who originally said there was “no way” his investigators could read 650,000 emails prior to Election Day) suddenly reversed his story in the face of threats, pressure and God only knows what else.
Congressman Jason Chaffetz tweeted this on Sunday:
The Clinton Foundation will spin this to say Hillary did nothing wrong, but this message from Comey does not indicate the investigation into her emails is closed. We should also remember that the FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation's pay-for-play scandal is still very much alive.
We know that her foundation took money from foreign governments, and she lived lavishly off of it, allotting only 6 percent of donations to go to charity while abusing the other 93 percent of monies intended for charity.
We know she gave her maid copies of classified documents and risked the safety and security of Americans. We know she gave her daughter, Chelsea, classified information, too. All of that is likely indictable, according to legal experts.
Somehow, the FBI was able to examine 650,000 emails found on Anthony Weiner's sexting computer in just one week. This is reminiscent of the FBI's questioning of Hillary Clinton over a holiday weekend and then recommending no indictment just a couple of days later.
There was clearly a directive from on high for FBI Director Comey to come to a (predetermined) conclusion before Election Day. On Oct. 28, he had announced he was reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server scandal.
Mr. Comey's recapitulation of his former capitulation is evidence of nothing other than the depths of collusion and corruption within the Clinton Foundation, campaign and the smarmy tentacles that reach into every part of D.C.'s expansive bureaucracy.
What do women want? Not Hillary! Gina Loudon teams up with her fellow Politichicks in their first blockbuster, “What Women Really Want” — available at the WND Superstore
Going back to the Rose Law firm scandal, to cattle futures, to the bimbo eruptions and all the way through Benghazi and until now, the Clinton corruption has redefined “illegal” to mean only punishable if you haven't destroyed the evidence. Hillary is masterful at this. From BleachBit to hammers, nothing is beneath her. She will go as low as the lowest criminal to be certain she isn't caught. What did she do to get Comey to reverse his story with 40 hours remaining in her presidential campaign?
This means a vote for Donald Trump is more imperative than ever.
Mr. Trump has the momentum. The enthusiasm and the undecided voters are flocking to the outsider candidate because Hillary's corruption is undeniable, even to her own supporters.
The problem that is lost on the “useful idiots” of the country is that the FBI lacks the authority to indict, and the reality is that the State Department and the DOJ are so corrupted and under the thumb of the Clinton Cartel, that they will not do their jobs. I am not a lawyer, but a cursory glance at the people in prison for lesser crimes proves a sinister underlining in all of this that will mire the Clintons in controversy for decades to come. Hillary isn't free for lack of evidence that she did something illegal. She is free because she has so corrupted the system that the authorities won't go after her.
Never before in our lifetimes has so much depended on a national election.
Not only is Hillary corrupt, but the entire Obama/Clinton regime is unprecedented in its corruption and pollution of our federal bureaucracies. They are far, far above the law at this point, and will only be more brazen and abusive if elected.
Obama essentially said illegals won't get in trouble if they vote this week. He not only lied to use people based upon their skin color, but some say this could be yet another illegal statement in a swamp of corruption that is so deep and dirty, even wonks like me have lost track.
We have one chance to reclaim these United States. Vote like your life depends on it. It might.
Gina Loudon teams up with her fellow Politichicks in their first blockbuster, “What Women Really Want” — available at the WND Superstore
I wrote the following in February, 2013, ‘Truth is found in silence and stillness. It is not found in activity. Doing ritual practice, reciting mantra, studying Buddhist philosophy and participating in voluntary work are all good things to do, and are very helpful in putting you on the right path. But they are activities and so your mind is agitated. Truth will only come when you sit down and meditate. When your mind is calm, still and silent.'
I was recently sitting on a bench, in a busy shopping centre, people watching, and these words came back to me. I was observing people frantically rushing from pile to post. I started to wonder if they ever just sat in stillness and silence, or did they spend their lives on full speed ahead. When was the last time you just sat in silence, not planning the future or worrying about the past? Can you even remember?
We rush around, filling every waking hour, trying to get some peace and happiness in our lives, but the irony is, these cannot be found in activity. We may be able to find fleeting moments of happiness, but they are soon gone and we are back to having that uneasy feeling in our mind. Calmness can only be found in stillness and silence. Not the silence you get from turning off your iPod, but the silence of just sitting and letting your thoughts be.
How happier life would be if we just spent ten to fifteen minutes a day just watching our thoughts arise, and then just letting them be. Not engaging with them, just observing them. Not judging them, just watching them come and go. Not being engrossed with what has happened or what we want to happen, but just engulfing ourselves in the stillness of the moment. Oh how our lives would be so much calmer and more peaceful.
I know this sounds very simplistic, but actually this is what can happen when we give ourselves the time to just be. Don't take my word for it, try it for yourself. Commit to sitting in silence, just observing your thoughts coming and going, for ten minutes a day for 21 days, and I assure you, you will feel the difference.
Our lives are complicated enough, so shouldn't we take the time to just sit in stillness and release some of our tension? It seems like a no-brainer to me.
Cranbourne North gradfather Rick Maaskant, was attacked with a pitchfork during a home invasion Credit:Luis Enrique Ascui There were 125 offences recorded, more than double the 2015 figure. Security companies in the area have reported a surge in demand in the past six months. Residents are having distress buttons installed, paying for private street patrols, and inquiring about having their puppies trained as guard dogs. "These are just general, normal people who are afraid to be in their own home," said Frank Sottile, owner of Prowatch Security.
Cranbourne is one of the fastest-growing suburbs in Australia. Credit:Wayne Taylor He told The Age that the distress buttons were linked to a monitored control room, similar to those installed in banks and other businesses, and that some people decided to wear them as a pendant. Mr Sottile sold key ring alarms to a Cranbourne North couple who were woken one night by someone trying to break into their car. The couple said they could not sleep after the incident, and have moved, equipping their new home with a network of CCTV cameras. The husband said there were four people in a Holden Commodore and others in a service vehicle, possibly a panel van, wearing balaclavas
"After I gave them a bit of a mouthful, I went inside and I couldn't find everything in the house to defend myself with," he said. "As I shut the door they just took off screeching down the road. "Until we moved we weren't sleeping at all, we'd wake up with any little noise, I slept with one eye open." New housing estates with a scattering of properties are perceived as problem crime areas. Nigel Fitton, director of TMP Security in Fountain Gate, said a woman contacted him recently on behalf of a group of residents who wanted a roving guard in a new estate in Officer.
And Shelley Hansen, a Narre Warren dog trainer, said she had fielded several requests to train puppies as "watch dogs". Police suspect that youths breaking into houses to steal keys, and then cars, are behind the increase. The south-east was one of the first regions hit by the phenomenon of young men or teenagers spending their nights joyriding in stolen cars and robbing houses in roaming sprees they call "missioning". Police call it youth network offending.
Inspector Mick Daly, from southern metro region, said aggravated burglaries were particularly prevalent in February and September last year. He said police had a strong focus on reducing that type of offending, and on improving the support offered to victims. "Our intelligence shows us that the large majority of aggravated burglaries that occur are non-violent," Inspector Daly said. "Despite that, we recognise that these incidents have a significant impact on victims." Police Minister Lisa Neville admitted on Thursday there was some way to go before Victorians felt safe in their homes.
That may be especially true in those suburbs blighted with more than three times as many aggravated burglaries as were recorded five years ago. Aggravated burglaries reported in Cranbourne last year include an incident in July when a man wielding a knife kicked down the front door of a house in Highview Avenue. He confronted the family, including two young children, in a bedroom before being chased out of the house. Three weeks later, car keys were stolen during a home invasion in Cranbourne North, and the alleged crooks then stole the car.
Police saw the stolen vehicle in Dandenong South later that day, and the offender crashed into a power pole while trying to flee, before attempting to run away. On Wednesday night, Cranbourne North grandfather Rick Maaskant was attacked with a pitchfork during a home invasion. Speaking to The Age on Thursday he gave a chilling account of the assault. "When I opened the bedroom door, three guys were there ... in the hall. "I was standing there, paralysed ... "
Nike to end 13-year kit deal with Manchester United at end of season as Adidas become frontrunners for £750m sponsorship
Adidas are expected to replace Nike as shirt sponsors
US sportswear giants were put off by expected costs of £60m a year
United have unveiled their new strip for the 2014-15 season
Nike have confirmed their decision to pull out of negotiations
HELLO KITTY!
CLICK HERE to read about the unveiling of Manchester United's new home kit for the 2014-15 season.
Adidas is the frontrunners to secure the next major kit deal with Manchester United after Nike confirmed that they have pulled out of the running.
It brings an end to a 13-year association that United have enjoyed with the sportswear giants after signing a long-term deal with the firm in 2002.
A Nike statement released on Tuesday afternoon read: ‘Any partnership with a club or federation has to be mutually beneficial and the terms that were on offer for a renewed contract did not represent good value for Nike's shareholders.
Scroll down for video...
Strip show: Nike are set to end their shirt sponsorship deal with Manchester United
Get shirty! United received £38 million from the US sportswear company in 2012
‘We are proud to have partnered with them for the last 12 years and will continue to sponsor the club until the end of the season.
‘Manchester United is a great club with passionate fans. We are proud to have partnered with them for the last 12 years and will continue to sponsor the club until the end of the 2014/15 season.
'Any partnership with a club or federation has to be mutually beneficial and the terms that were on offer for a renewed contract did not represent good value for Nike's shareholders. We look forward to a successful final season with the club.'
The withdrawal is expected to clear the way for the club to sign a lucrative new deal with German sportswear company Adidas.
Sportsmail revealed in May that Adidas were in pole position to take over from Nike and on Monday columnist Charles Sale told how Adidas executives remain confident they will replace Nike as Manchester United's shirt suppliers.
Way back when: Bryan Robson, the Manchester United captain, wearing the three stripes of Adidas when shaking hands with Diego Maradona ahead of the 1984 European Cup Winners' Cup tie with Barcelona
Captain marvel: Robson shows off the FA Cup during Manchester United's previous kit partnership with Adidas in the eighties and early nineties
Trio: Norman Whiteside, Bryan Robson and Frank Stapleton pictured in Adidas sweatshirts in 1986
Off the peg: Manchester United have unveiled their new kit for the 2014-15 season
United received around £38million from the Nike deal in 2012-13, including its share of profit from the sale of merchandise around the world.
United's strip for the new season - sponsored by Chevrolet and produced by Nike- was officially released on Monday and will be worn until the end of this season.
Nike and Adidas are battling for supremacy in the football kit industry, with the American company having made major inroads into a sport that its German rival long dominated.
Sportsmail understands the Adidas deal could be worth in the region of £750m over 10 years.
A spike in suspicious cell phone activity close to the White House and the Pentagon has raised fresh fears that the US government is being spied on by a foreign power.
The Department for Homeland Security has been alerted to unusual activity around cellphone towers in Washington DC.
A source at security company ESD America has told CBS it could reveal espionage attempts from outside governments.
The activity, the source claimed, could be evidence that specific individuals, or their devices, are being monitored.
The activity, a source claimed, could be evidence that specific individuals, or their devices, are being monitored
A report in the Washington Free Beacon says diplomats and US government officials would be the likely target.
Documents passed to the Free Beacon suggest devices could be cloned, and location data has been tracked by a third party.
A source told the publication: 'The attack was first seen in D.C. but was later seen on other sensors across the USA. A sensor located close to the White House and another over near the Pentagon have been part of those that have seen this tracking.'
Documents suggest devices could be cloned, and location data has been tracked by a third party
Democratic lawmakers have written to Homeland Security Secretary John F Kelly (pictured, right, alongside President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence) raising concerns about hacking of cellphone networks
Insiders believe that a large number of cell phones are being tracked, and rogue forces could introduce malware to spy on sensitive targets.
It comes amid widespread concerns over the potential to hack US cellular networks.
Democratic lawmakers Ron Wyden and Red Lieu wrote this week in a letter to the Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly: 'For several years, cybersecurity experts have repeatedly warned that US cellular communications networks are vulnerable to surveillance by foreign governments, hackers, and criminals exploiting vulnerabilities in Signaling System 7 (a set of protocols used by cellphone and text messaging applications).
'US cellular phones can be tracked, tapped, and hacked—by adversaries thousands of miles away—through SS7-enabled surveillance,' the congressmen write.
'We are deeply concerned that the security of America's telecommunications infrastructure is not getting the attention it deserves.
'We suspect that most Americans simply have no idea how easy it is for a relatively sophisticated adversary to track their movements, tap their calls, and hack their smartphones.'
Our Review
Dino Run is a fast paced survival game where you must outrun an ever advancing firey wall of doom! Featuring retro-style pixel art, intense action mixed with the challenge of exploration, upgrades for your dinosaur, endless hidden combos and secrets… this one's got everything!
Our Rating: 4.5 / 5
Description
The doom asteroid has dropped… run, jump and claw your way to survival!
Instructions
Escape the pyroclastic wall of doom and find your dino sanctuary! AWSD or Arrow keys move the dino. Or use a combo of both. SHIFT key gives you a speed boost and recharges every 20 seconds or so. Press down while jumping for an air attack, which is useful for many things. You must duck to eat things on the ground. The game can be played in CHALLENGE or SPEEDRUN mode. It defaults to challenge, which is a collection of 7 levels. Speedruns can be unlocked and chosen in the OPTIONS screen. You need Bones to unlock speedruns (and buy goodies). You get bones by eating critters and reaching milestones. Earn DNA by collecting eggs and eating critters. Use your DNA to upgrade your dino. The game is DEEP so EXPLORE and have fun!
Thanks for playing! Now check out Thanks for playing! Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero! \o/
If population growth is biology's primary indicator of "success" then Homo sapiens are undoubtedly the king of the world, but at what is the cost of our meteoric evolutionary rise? We are now officially in the midst of the sixth great extinction, and if species loss continues at this rate, a future that none of us want to even think about will be upon us sooner than we think — a world where ONLY the species of animals and plants we chose and carefully cultivate will survive (along with ants and cockroaches).
Each year in the U.K., two more species vanish from existence (the number is much higher in the U.S. but comparable data is not published), each one representing millions of years of nature's wonderous craft. No, their loss doesn't directly affect us in any way that is noticeable, but as George Monbiot says in his most recent heart-wrenching blog post, "The global collapse of biodiversity hurts almost beyond endurance. The sense that the world is greying, its wealth of colour and surprise and wonder fading, is so painful that I can scarcely bear to write about it."
He mentions the sobering fact that though the Chinese and Japanese will be hit hardest when bluefin tune becomes extinct in the next year or two, these are the two countries fighting a bluefin ban at the Doha conference on illegal species trading.
Monbiot has a curious proposition. So many of the species that end up on the IUCN "Red List" each year have exotic latin names, which in a certain way makes them nameless. Take Cucujus cinnaberinus, the remarkable little scarlet beetle that once thrived in northern Europe (eating dead bark), and is now threatened by extinction. One would hardly know judging by its name that it was a beetle, much less where it lives, what it does, looks or sounds like.
If it were called the Austrian scarlet beetle for example, we would at least have a visual reference, and maybe Monbiot postulates, if we had more common names for the myriad plants, insects and animal species that are vanishing before our eyes, there would be more momentum to do something about saving them:
It seems to me that one of the handicaps conservationists suffer is that few of these species have common names. It is hard to persuade people to care about something they can't pronounce. Nature is most valued when it intersects with culture. I would love to see a body like Natural England launch a public competition to name the country's nameless species: the micromoths and creeping mosses, the bashful beetles and unassuming mushrooms known only in Greek or Latin.
Maybe we need a worldwide Internet competition to name the thousands of critters big and small, the lives of which may depend on just a handful of conservations rallying around a species few even know existed.
Naming our way out of extinction
George Monbiot offers a heart-wrenching plea to raise our collective consciousness about species loss by naming the world's vanishing wonders.
Braxton Miller's decision to return to Ohio State for a senior season is not something most of the Big Ten's coaches expected, according to ESPN's Adam Rittenberg.
According to the ESPN reporter, many coaches believed Miller, who today confirmed he'll be playing for OSU this fall, would leave for guaranteed playing time, something he doesn't have in Columbus.
None of Ohio State's quarterbacks have guaranteed playing time. Miller, Cardale Jones and J.T. Barrett will all compete for the starting job this August. Who will be the man starting under center for the Buckeyes come Sept. 7 when they face Virginia Tech?
The thought in the Big Ten, according to Rittenberg, is that it will be Jones.
Been offline most afternoon but re: Braxton Miller, his loyalty shouldn't be forgotten by Buckeye fans no matter how this turns out (1/2) — Adam Rittenberg (@ESPNRittenberg) July 9, 2015
(2/2) Every coach I talked to this offseason expected him to leave for playing time guarantee. Expectation in B1G is Jones will start opener — Adam Rittenberg (@ESPNRittenberg) July 9, 2015
Which quarterback would you bet on to start?
A broken air-conditioning system will force the Patio Theater to close during the lucrative summer months. View Full Caption Flickr/wjcordier
PORTAGE PARK — A broken air-conditioning system will force the Patio Theater to close during the lucrative summer months, after a grant from the city failed to materialize, the theater's owner said Monday.
Demetri Kouvalis blamed a miscommunication with a city official for making him think the former movie palace had won a Small Business Improvement Fund grant from the area's tax increment financing district.
Instead, the Patio's application came in 13th out of 15 applications seeking the grants — and there was only enough money to pay for the top eight or nine proposals, Kouvalis said.
“It is definitely not good news,” Kouvalis said. “There's no money for us.”
There is no way Kouvalis or his family — who have owned the theater since 1987 — can afford to fix the air-conditioning system, which will cost a minimum of $40,000 to $50,000 to repair, he said.
Kouvalis said he had struggled to attract enough people to screenings to break even while maintaining the 86-year-old building, which he said “was too big for its own good.”
The theater will remain open for the next week or two, and then it will close for the summer, Kouvalis said.
The theater at 6008 W. Irving Park Road draws the most movie lovers during the sultry summer months, making the problem with the air conditioning especially aggravating, Kouvalis said.
The Patio will reopen in the fall with a new business plan, Kouvalis said.
“We will find a way to benefit the community and to keep the doors open,” Kouvalis said, declining to discuss the new approach in detail.
Kouvalis said city officials have told him additional money could become available through the small business grant program in the next several months, although it probably wouldn't come in time to keep the theater's doors open for the summer.
Ald. Tim Cullerton, whose 38th Ward includes the Patio, said he would look into finding another source of funds for the theater.
“We'll find out what happened, and see what we can do,” Cullerton said. “This is sad news.”
The closure of the Patio Theater is a blow to the area's Irving Austin Business District, which boasts new stores and restaurants, Cullerton said.
Since reopening in 2011, the Patio has shown a mix of second-run Hollywood movies and classics. The theater can also be rented out for special events.
The uncertainty surrounding the theater's future prompted the Chicago Cinema Society to put its lineup of classic films, which had been showing at the Patio since March, on hold earlier this month.
Neil Calderone, the founder of the society, could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday.
Hullabaloo
Saturday, September 03, 2011
The Executioner
by digby
I have written quite a bit about the Cameron Todd Willingham horror, mostly because the idea of executing an innocent man is so horrifying. I'm hardcore anti-death penalty in any case, but this one is particularly awful because there's a ton of evidence that the state knew he was innocent and executed him anyway. It's an even darker level of moral depravity than most. And it's entirely possible that the buck stops with a man who could be the next president of the United States.
Huffington Post examines the death penalty in presidential politics, including the ugly examples of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush's ostentatious embrace of the practice. But Rick Perry is in a class by himself. He didn't just sign off on the execution of an innocent man. He actively worked to cover up the fact that Willingham was innocent and refused to acknowledge that the science that was used to convict him was in any way tainted, despite the mountains of evidence that it was.
Cameron Todd Willingham was convicted in August 1992 for the murder of his three young children in a fire that was deemed an arson by investigators. While on death row, a frantic effort to prove his innocence resulted in a full report which questioned the scientific legitimacy of the evidence used to convict Willingham. That report made its way to Gov. Perry's office ahead of the zero hour, but it was all for nought -- no stay of execution was granted in order to consider the new findings.
Willingham was executed by lethal injection on Feb. 17, 2004. Yet the efforts to exonerate Willingham only intensified, and in 2005, the Texas Forensic Science Commission decided to re-examine the case. The commission hired a nationally known fire scientist, Craig Beyler, to evaluate the evidence, and in his report, he came down on the same side as the scientists who had evaluated the case prior to Willingham's execution: there was no credible scientific basis for the conclusion that arson had been committed.
Beyler was eventually scheduled to testify before the commission on Oct. 2, 2009. Two days before Beyler's appearance, however, Rick Perry put a stop to it.
Two years later, we're wondering if anyone wants to ask the presidential aspirant why.
I'm sure it will come up from time to time. But Perry will say the man was a monster and nobody will have the nerve to truly get into the weeds with him. Death penalty cases make everyone uncomfortable and most reporters will want to move on to easier topics.
New Yorker article that alerted most of us to the case, the Frontline program about it and the critically acclaimed documentary Incendiary as well as a lengthy list of newspaper articles. Read the whole article if you have time this week-end. It lays out all the evidence and includes lengthy discussions of thearticle that alerted most of us to the case, theprogram about it and the critically acclaimed documentaryas well as a lengthy list of newspaper articles.
Read it first and then watch this Youtube. You will be looking at the face of a sociopath. A sociopath who could quite easily become the GOP nominee for president. (A sociopath whose followers have been quoted saying " it takes balls to execute an innocent man...
Perry, by the way, has personally signed off on 254 executions.
. This article by Jason Linkins at theexamines the death penalty in presidential politics, including the ugly examples of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush's ostentatious embrace of the practice. But Rick Perry is in a class by himself. He didn't just sign off on the execution of an innocent man. He actively worked to cover up the fact that Willingham was innocent and refused to acknowledge that the science that was used to convict him was in any way tainted, despite the mountains of evidence that it was.
digby 9/03/2011 10:25:00 AM
British voters dealt Prime Minister Theresa May a devastating blow in a snap election she had called to strengthen her hand in Brexit talks, wiping out her parliamentary majority and throwing the country into political turmoil.
With no clear winner emerging from Thursday's election, a wounded May signalled she would fight on. Her Labour rival Jeremy Corbyn, once written off by his opponents as a no-hoper, said she should step down.
In the aftermath of one of the most sensational nights in British electoral history, politicians and commentators called her decision to hold the election a colossal mistake and derided her performance on the campaign trail.
The BBC reported, however, that May did not plan to resign.
“Theresa May has no intention of announcing her resignation later today,” BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg told BBC radio, adding, however: “It's not clear to me whether they're trying to kill the rumours off before she truly makes her mind up.”
With 647 of 650 seats declared, the Conservatives had won 316 seats. Though the biggest single winner, they failed to reach the 326-mark they would need to command a parliamentary majority. Labour had won 261 seats.
With complex talks on Britain's departure from the European Union due to start in 10 days' time, it was unclear who would form the next government and what the fundamental direction of Brexit would be.
“If … the Conservative Party has won the most seats and probably the most votes then it will be incumbent on us to ensure that we have that period of stability and that is exactly what we will do,” a grim-faced May said after winning her own parliamentary seat of Maidenhead, near London.
After winning his own seat in north London, Corbyn said May's attempt to win a bigger mandate had backfired.
“The mandate she's got is lost Conservative seats, lost votes, lost support and lost confidence,” he said.
“I would have thought that's enough to go, actually, and make way for a government that will be truly representative of all of the people of this country.”
Labour finance spokesman John McDonnell told BBC radio: “We'll put ourselves forward to serve the country and form a minority government and the reason for that is I don't think the Conservative Party is stable, I don't think the prime minister is stable … I think she is a lame duck prime minister.”
McDonnell also said Labour would not do a coalition deal with any other party.
Sky News said the Conservatives were in talks with Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), a natural ally, which won 10 seats.
But Labour had potential allies too, not least the Scottish National Party (SNP) who suffered major setbacks but still won a majority of Scottish seats.
From the EU's perspective, the upset meant a possible delay in the start of Brexit talks and an increased risk that negotiations would fail.
“We need a government that can act,” EU Budget Commissioner Guenther Oettinger told German broadcaster Deutschlandfunk. “With a weak negotiating partner, there's a danger that the negotiations will turn out badly for both sides.”
Conservative member of parliament Anna Soubry was the first in the party to disavow May in public, calling on the prime minister to “consider her position”.
“I'm afraid we ran a pretty dreadful campaign,” Soubry said.
May had unexpectedly called the snap election seven weeks ago, even though no vote was due until 2020. At that point, polls predicted she would massively increase the slim majority she had inherited from predecessor David Cameron.
“Whatever happens, Theresa May is toast,” said Nigel Farage, former leader of the anti-EU party UKIP.
“Worst Outcome”
Sterling fell by more than two cents against the U.S. dollar, hitting an eight-week low of $1.2636, but by 0728 GMT it had recovered to $1.2710.
“A hung parliament is the worst outcome from a markets perspective as it creates another layer of uncertainty ahead of the Brexit negotiations and chips away at what is already a short timeline to secure a deal for Britain,” said Craig Erlam, an analyst with brokerage Oanda in London.
May had spent the campaign denouncing Corbyn as the weak leader of a spendthrift party that would crash Britain's economy and flounder in Brexit talks, while she would provide “strong and stable leadership” to clinch a good deal for Britain.
But her campaign unravelled after a policy u-turn on care for the elderly, while Corbyn's old-school socialist platform and more impassioned campaigning style won wider support than anyone had foreseen.
In the late stages of the campaign, Britain was hit by two Islamist militant attacks that killed 30 people in Manchester and London, temporarily shifting the focus onto security issues.
That did not help May, who in her previous role as interior minister for six years had overseen cuts in the number of police officers. She sought to deflect pressure onto Corbyn, arguing he had a weak record on security matters.
On a nerve-racking night for the Conservatives, interior minister Amber Rudd held on to her seat by a whisker, while several junior ministers were swept away.
With the smaller parties more closely aligned with Labour than with the Conservatives, the prospect of Corbyn becoming prime minister no longer seems fanciful.
That would make the course of Brexit even harder to predict. During his three decades on Labour's leftist fringe, Corbyn consistently opposed European integration and denounced the EU as a corporate, capitalist body.
As party leader, Corbyn unenthusiastically campaigned for Britain to remain in the bloc, but has said Labour would deliver Brexit if in power, albeit with very different priorities from those stated by May.
“What tonight is about is the rejection of Theresa May's version of extreme Brexit,” said Keir Starmer, Labour's policy chief on Brexit, saying his party wanted to retain the benefits of the European single market and customs union.
In domestic policy, Labour proposes raising taxes for the richest 5 percent of Britons, scrapping university tuition fees, investing 250 billion pounds ($315 billion) in infrastructure plans and re-nationalising the railways and postal service.
Analysis suggested Labour had benefited from a strong turnout among young voters.
The campaign had played out differently in Scotland, the main faultline being the SNP's drive for a second referendum on independence from Britain, having lost a previous plebiscite in 2014.
SNP leader and First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said it had been a disappointing night for her party, which lost seats to the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats.
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said Sturgeon should take the prospect of a new independence referendum off the table.
In the late stages of the campaign, Britain was hit by two Islamist militant attacks that killed 30 people in Manchester and London, temporarily shifting the focus onto security issues.
For more on the London Bridge Attack, watch Fortune's video:
That did not help May, who in her previous role as interior minister for six years had overseen cuts in the number of police officers. She sought to deflect pressure onto Corbyn, arguing he had a weak record on security matters.
On a nerve-racking night for the Conservatives, interior minister Amber Rudd held on to her seat by a whisker, while several junior ministers were swept away.
With the smaller parties more closely aligned with Labour than with the Conservatives, the prospect of Corbyn becoming prime minister no longer seems fanciful.
That would make the course of Brexit even harder to predict. During his three decades on Labour's leftist fringe, Corbyn consistently opposed European integration and denounced the EU as a corporate, capitalist body.
As party leader, Corbyn unenthusiastically campaigned for Britain to remain in the bloc, but has said Labour would deliver Brexit if in power, albeit with very different priorities from those stated by May.
“What tonight is about is the rejection of Theresa May's version of extreme Brexit,” said Keir Starmer, Labour's policy chief on Brexit, saying his party wanted to retain the benefits of the European single market and customs union.
In domestic policy, Labour proposes raising taxes for the richest 5 percent of Britons, scrapping university tuition fees, investing 250 billion pounds ($315 billion) in infrastructure plans and re-nationalising the railways and postal service.
Analysis suggested Labour had benefited from a strong turnout among young voters.
The campaign had played out differently in Scotland, the main faultline being the SNP's drive for a second referendum on independence from Britain, having lost a previous plebiscite in 2014.
SNP leader and First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said it had been a disappointing night for her party, which lost seats to the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats.
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said Sturgeon should take the prospect of a new independence referendum off the table.
Suburbs of Chicago: Forest Preserve is the third in the Suburbs of Chicago series. Included you will hear bird chirps, tree rustles, bike passes, distant chatter, a small brooke and more! This pack consists of 17 audio files, all metadata tagged using Basehead. Recorded at 24 bites, 192 kHz using the Sennheiser MKH8050 and MKH30 into a Sound Devices Mix Pre-6. Over 2 hours of recordings! Like in the other packs in this series, you will always hear distant traffic and planes, along with an overhead view of a semi busy highway cutting right through the forest preserve.
17 Files
500+ Sounds
Duration
02:05:32
2 Hours, 5 Minutes, 32 Seconds
Sennhesier MKH8050 Hypercardioid Microphone
Sennheiser MKH30 Bi-Directional Microphone
Sound Devices Mix Pre-6 Recorder
192 kHz
24 Bites
Exported as Stereo .wav files
Suburbs of Chicago: Forest Preserve Cover Art designed in collaboration with: Elana Zussman
Sen. Jeff Sessions has officially moved one step closer to becoming our country's next attorney general, as the Senate Judiciary Committee voted on Feb. 1 to confirm him.
The vote, an 11-to-9 party-line split, was originally slated to take place Tuesday, but Senate Democrats blocked it in an apparent protest against the Alabama senator.
However, the Dems couldn't abstain from voting forever, and the positive outcome meant that Sessions' confirmation will now head to the Senate floor where his Republican colleagues were expected to approve him, Yellowhammer News reported.
Liberals have not been thrilled about President Donald Trump's pick to fill the nation's highest law enforcement office, and the president's recent executive order halting the immigration of people from certain high-risk countries sent them further into their frenzy.
In fact, the American Civil Liberties Union reportedly called for Democrats to protest Trump's nominations until the controversial executive order was dismissed.
“We've got Jeff Sessions, who we're told was involved somehow in the drafting of these executive orders,” ACLU political director Faiz Shakir said. “If they want to press this through, say: ‘You don't get an attorney general until you overturn the Muslim ban.'”
Sessions, however, has denied any involvement in the drafting of the controversial order.
“Neither I, nor any of my current staff, had such a role,” he said in a written response to critics on Monday.
Fortunately the Alabama senator has enjoyed the staunch support of his Republican colleagues and of conservatives across the country who believe he was an excellent choice.
“He knows the department better than any nominee for attorney general, he's a man of his word, and most importantly he will enforce the law no matter whether he would have supported that law as a member of the Senate,” Sen. Chuck Grassley said.
Republicans need only a majority to approve him when the vote takes place in the Senate, and because they currently control 52 of the Senate's 100 seats, Sessions will likely be confirmed by the end of the week, according to The Washington Post. With the Justice Department in upheaval after eight years of President Barack Obama's inability to enforce law and order, Sessions will be a welcome change. Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Like and share on Facebook and Twitter and tell us what you think about Sessions moving one step closer to being officially confirmed as attorney general.
Why do you think Jeff Sessions will be a great attorney general? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Qais al-Khazali, the commander of Iraq's Iranian- backed Asaib Ahl al-Haq militia, has been filmed in south Lebanon overlooking Metulla and Kiryat Shmona.
“We here with Hezbollah declare our total readiness to stand together with the Lebanese people and the Palestinian cause against Israeli occupation,” Khazali is heard saying in a video.
Qais al-Khazali, Commander of Asa'ib Ahl al-Haq, pro-Iran militia & part of Hasd al Shaabi is filmed in southern #Lebanon overlooking #Israel's Kiryat Shemona & walking distance from #Metulla https://t.co/PAqMBq6m8J — Anna Ahronheim (@AAhronheim) December 9, 2017
The video, which appeared on social media late Friday, showed Khazali at the Fatima Gate, also known as the former Good Fence Crossing, west of Metulla, in military garb, declaring his readiness to support “resistance fighters” and to come to the “rescue” of Palestinians and Jerusalem.Israel and Hezbollah fought a 33-day war in 2006, which came to an end under UN Security Council Resolution 1701 that called for disarmament of Hezbollah, withdrawal of the Israeli army from Lebanon, and the deployment of the Lebanese Army and an enlarged UN force in southern Lebanon.Michael Horowitz, a geopolitical and security analyst, told The Jerusalem Post that the timing of Khazali's visit suggests that Hezbollah is trying to highlight that it is now a regional power with international partners ready to fight alongside it.“The fact that a US-branded terrorist was able to visit an area in southern Lebanon over-watching Israel is an affront both to Israel and to the newly not-resigned prime minister of Lebanon, Saad Hariri, who has been adamant about the policy of ‘dissociation' from regional crises,” Horowitz said.“This also may be an attempt to embarrass Hariri – by denouncing the presence of Iran proxies in southern Lebanon, the PM would also indirectly be seen as siding against efforts to ‘recapture Jerusalem.'” But, he added, “You also have to wonder, where is UNIFIL [United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon]? The visit of the leader of a foreign militia funded and trained by the IRGC [Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps] is another example of the UN mission's overall failure to create a buffer zone in southern Lebanon, where the Lebanese state is [supposed to be] the main (and only) actor,” he added.Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri issued a statement saying the border visit by a paramilitary in uniform violated Lebanese law. He had instructed security chiefs to “prevent any person from carrying out activities of a military nature on the country's territory and to prevent any illegal actions,” and barred Khazali from entering the country, the statement said.Due to its combat experience in Syria, the group has grown significantly in terms of technology and battlefield experience and is considered Israel's most dangerous enemy.According to IDF assessments, in addition to a massive arsenal of rockets and missiles, Hezbollah is able to mobilize close to 30,000 fighters and has greatly expanded its tunnel system – complete with ventilation, electricity and rocket launchers.Some 200 villages in south Lebanon have been turned into military strongholds from where Hezbollah gunmen are able to watch Israeli soldiers at any time.In June, the IDF accused the Shi'ite terrorist organization of violating the UN resolution by establishing observation posts since April under the guise of an NGO, “Green Without Borders,” near the UN-delineated Blue Line border with Israel, presumably in order to gather intelligence.But Israel's accusations were rejected by UN spokeswoman Eri Kaneko, who said that the UN Interim Force in Lebanon is in contact with the Lebanese military to ensure that there are no violations of the resolution, “to avoid any misunderstandings or tensions that could endanger the cessation of hostilities.” While “Green Without Borders” members have planted trees in the area, UNIFIL “has not observed any unauthorized armed persons at the locations or found any basis to report a violation of Resolution 1701,” she said, adding that “UNIFIL remains vigilant and continues to monitor the Blue Line.”According to IDF Chief of Staff Lt.-Gen. Gadi Eisenkot, while UNIFIL is helping to maintain calm in southern Lebanon, its leadership does not do enough when Hezbollah violates the resolution.Reuters contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
The Phillies have announced that left-handed reliever Mario Hollands underwent Tommy John surgery earlier today.
Late last month, it was reported that the 26-year-old Hollands would likely require elbow surgery, but the fact that it was Tommy John surgery wasn't known until this evening. At the time, it was reported that Hollands had a torn flexor tendon — the same injury as teammate and fellow left-hander Cliff Lee.
Tommy John surgery in early April means that the Phillies will not only be without Hollands for the entirety of the 2015 season, but likely for the early portion of the 2016 campaign as well. Prior to word of his injury, Hollands was expected to be a regular contributor in the Phillies bullpen after pitching to a 4.40 ERA with 6.7 K/9, 4.0 BB/9 and a 51.8 percent ground-ball rate in his rookie campaign last year. Hollands averaged a strong 93 mph on his fastball and was effective, albeit not dominant, against left-handed hitters, yielding a .241/.307/.316 batting line. A poor July tanked Hollands' overall stats, and his 3.88 FIP, 4.10 xFIP and 3.97 SIERA each suggested that his ERA could've been slightly lower.
While on the 60-day disabled list, Holland will accrue Major League service time, meaning he'll pick up a full year's worth of service in 2015, bringing his total to exactly two years. That would put him on track to have most of the 2016 season to build a case for his first trip through the arbitration process, if he pitches well enough when healthy. (There's also no guarantee that he'll jump right back onto the MLB roster upon completing a theoretical rehab stint.)
With Hollands out for the season, Cesar Jimenez was given the first crack at the opportunity to be the second left-handed option behind Jake Diekman in manager Ryne Sandberg's bullpen.
Deputy Ben Fields brutally assaulting a female student while the class looks on.
Deputy Ben Fields brutally assaulting a female student while the class looks on.
South Carolina Deputy Ben Fields asked a female student at Spring Valley High School to stand up and leave the room, when she didn't stand up within seconds, he sprang into violent action and brutally threw her (and her desk) around the room. A fellow student captured the whole thing on video:
Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott was out of town for meetings, but he wasted no time:
Sheriff Leon Lott is requesting the Federal Bureau of Investigations for South Carolina and the U.S. Justice Department to conduct an independent investigation of the incident at Spring Valley high school. A Richland County school resource officer has been placed on administrative leave following an incident that was captured on video and circulated on social media sites across the nation. Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott said late Monday night that Deputy Ben Fields will not be back at any school, and is not currently working for the department, pending the results of an investigation.
"I know this girl don't got anybody and I couldn't believe this was happening," Kenny explained. "I had never seen nothing like that in my life, a man use that much force on a little girl. A big man, like 300 pounds of full muscle. I was like 'no way, no way.' You can't do anything like that to a little girl. I'm talking about she's like 5'6"." Kenny says her classmate was not participating and was asked to leave the room by her teacher. When she refused an administrator was called in and asked her to leave. She refused and Officer Fields was called in, asking her the same thing.
According to the complaint, Carlos Edward Martin was driving home and got out of his car when Fields approached him and asked if he was the source of an excessive noise complaint that the officer was investigating. Martin claimed that Fields "slammed him to the ground, cuffed him, began kicking him, and chemically maced him until his clothing was drenched and the contents of the can of mace was [sic] depleted," according to court documents.
In that lawsuit, former Spring Valley High School student Ashton James Reese claims he was unlawfully expelled from school in 2013. At the time, Fields was investigating alleged gang activity at the school. Reese claimed several offenses in the suit, including lack of due process, negligence, negligent supervision and a violation of the right to public education -- as mandated by state law.
A second student was arrested when she tried to intervene in the violent arrest: This isn't the first excessive force complaint against Ben Shields. From a 2007 lawsuit: Deputy Fields about to go to trial in another suit:
Giving Power To Women In Ghana
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ginanne Brownell/For NPR Ginanne Brownell/For NPR
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ginanne Brownell/For NPR Ginanne Brownell/For NPR
Evelyn Sewodey, 25, used to sell fried yams in her village of Tanyigbe, a job that really wasn't going anywhere. Two years ago she heard about a new free program that taught electrical and solar energy skills to disadvantaged young women (and a few men as well).
She didn't really think she'd be interested in electrical engineering. Nonetheless, she went to an open house at the Lady Volta Vocational Center for Electricity and Solar Power in Ho, around 7 miles from her home.
Sewodey took — and passed — the entrance exam, answering questions to determine a student's motivation, social skills and math knowledge. Sample questions run from "What are your dreams?" to "What's the volume of a cube that's 1 meter long, 1 meter wide and 3 meters high?"
And so she began the two-year program, with classes in math, English and, of course, electrical engineering. She's now waiting for the results of her final exam and then will begin looking for a job.
And Sewody has changed her mindset. Not only is she interested in electrical engineering but adds that in her community, "to see a woman doing a job that is traditionally for men is empowering." It's definitely empowered her 3-year-old daughter, who imitates mom by pretending to screw in light bulbs at home.
"The school's philosophy is that what men can do, woman can also do," says George Ofori, regional coordinator for Ghana's National Youth Authority. He goes into rural communities to recruit potential students. "Lots of women have nothing to do in terms of jobs and so seeing that these women have made lots of achievements in this program, communities now encourage the women in their villages to participate."
The program began in January 2015, co-run by the nonprofit groups Village Exchange Ghana (VEG) and Social Venture Africa. The initial idea came from two economists Christoph Bertsch of Germany and Cristiana Benedetti Fasil of Italy. Volunteering for VEG back in 2012, they worked on a project offering small loans to villagers. "We had the opportunity to go to rural areas to talk with women, and everyone had a cell phone but often there was no electricity," says Brussels-based Benedetti Fasil. "There were lots of power cuts, so people had to come to Ho to charge their phones. They had to pay for transport to town and then pay to charge their phones. So we were thinking how to address this problem."
In 2014 they initiated a pilot program to teach women to make solar mobile phone chargers, which eventually developed into the solar and electrical program. (They targeted women because VEG, which funded the program, focuses on women, running programs on reproductive health and teaching women how to batik.)
Since 2015 nearly two dozen students have enrolled.
In March, the school will launch a new 3-month training program as well, partnering with the multinational company Schneider Electric. The graduates won't be as skilled as the two-year grads but the goal is to get more people trained in solar engineering.
The Schneider Electric Foundation's Access to Electricity program is donating a number of benches — tables with models of electrical installations used in both residential and industrial settings. Five of the benches feature solar equipment — for example, a model of a solar water pump.
Around mid-April, the students will tackle an ambitious project: building a midsize solar grid for the school's three buildings in Ho. The grid will power an LED light system and computers and also serve as a backup for other equipment, including sewing machines used in the batik classes.
"It is a chance for us to learn whether the prototype we want to develop works well and could be marketable in the future," says school co-founder Bertsch.
"I think the idea is very good," says Fernando Vega-Redondo, a professor of economics at Italy's Bocconi University. He's familiar with the Lady Volta program from time spent in Ho researching how social networks can aid entrepreneurship. "It is operating on a relatively small scale," he says, "but it would be great if they could expand because it has a lot of potential and is fulfilling a need."
And the students aren't just learning about electricity. Last year Eveyn Sewodey interned with a local electricity company, climbing up and fixing utility poles. One evening her husband could not reach her. Upset, he called the school to say she would not be coming in the next day. According to Benedetti Fasil, when the school called the next day to check in with Sewodey, her husband said in a huff that she had in fact gone back to work. "He told them, 'Ever since she came to school she has become assertive,'" says Benedetti Fasil with a laugh.
Ginanne Brownell Mitic writes about arts, culture and education, and recently co-founded the women's webzine she-files.com. Find her on Twitter @ginannebrownell
Researchers have found that Caucasian men with yellow and red pigments in their skin are perceived as more attractive.
However, they also found that this skin coloring doesn't necessarily signal better health.
The research team gave carotenoids, a plant pigment that gives vegetables such as carrots their color, to a group of Caucasian men to see if it made them appear more attractive to women.
Good news for President Donald Trump? Researchers have found that Caucasian men with yellow and red pigments in their skin are perceived as more attractive - however, they also found that this skin coloring doesn't necessarily signal better health
The researchers decided to test the effect of carotenoid-based coloration on attractiveness because previous research has found that in some species of birds, fish and reptiles, females are more attracted to colorful males.
Some researchers say that carotenoid-based coloration is a signal of health and is associated with antioxidant properties.
The researchers propose that people are attracted to signs of health when they want to reproduce - as healthy people are more likely to survive, have better fertility and provide genes that will lead to healthy children.
In order to find out if beta-carotenoid had any effect on signals of health, the researchers tested the effect of carotenoid supplementation on facial appearance and actual health measures.Picture
The research team based at The University of Western Australia, tested 43 heterosexual, Caucasian men with an average age of 21-years-old.
The men were split into two groups - 23 of them took carotenoid pills over a twelve-well period while the other 20 took placebo 'dummy pills' without any carotenoid in them.
Actor George Clooney (pictured) sporting his usual golden glow. In a research study, while carotenoid pills made Caucasian men perceived as more attractive and healthier, the pill didn't have an effect on any health indicators measures such as immune function and semen quality
WHAT IS BETA-CAROTENE? Beta-carotene is a pigment found in plants that gives yellow and orange fruits and vegetables (such as carrots) their orange color. The name beta-carotene comes from the Latin word for carrot. In the human body, beta-carotene is converted into vitamin A (retinol) which the body requires for good vision, a resistant immune system and healthy skin. The body only converts as much vitamin A from beta-carotene as it needs, but getting too much vitamin A can be toxic, and too much beta-carotene can be dangerous for people who smoke. But getting high amounts of either vitamin A or beta-carotene from food (and not supplements) is safe. Beta-carotene is an antioxidant which means it protects the body from molecules called free radicals which damage cells through a process called oxidation. Some of the side effects of taking beta-carotene can include: Skin discoloration that eventually goes away, loose stools, bruising and joint pain. Source: University of Maryland Medical Center
All the participants had photos taken of them taken before and after the twelve weeks, and they also received health tests.
The health assessments included tests for oxidative stress, immune function and semen quality.
After the twelve weeks, the participants returned and repeated the photography and health tests.
To test if the carotenoids had any effect on the participants' attractiveness, the researchers recruited 66 Caucasian women online to rate the attractiveness of the pre-carotenoid and post carotenoid men's faces.
The women, who had an average age of 33, were asked to rate the pre- and post-study period faces side by side on a computer screen.
The men who received the carotenoid supplement had increased yellowness and redness in their skin, and were more likely to be chosen as more attractive and healthier looking than those who didn't receive the carotenoid pills and their own faces prior to receiving the pills.
While the carotenoid pills made caucasian men perceived as more attractive and healthier, the pill didn't have an effect on any of the health indicators measured.
The researchers said that carotenoids may be sexually selected for in humans, and want to conduct further studies into the influence of carotenoids on other mammals and also see if the same effect would be observed in women.
President Donald Trump is known for his orange-hued skin. In a study on carotenoids, researchers said that carotenoids may be sexually selected for in humans, and want to conduct further studies into the influence of carotenoids on other mammals and also see if the same effect would be observed in women
Yong Zhi Foo, co-author of the study and postgraduate Animal Biology student at The University of Western Australia, said: ‘Carotenoids are known to be responsible for the striking mating displays in many animal species.
'Our study is one of the first to causally demonstrate that carotenoids can affect attractiveness in humans as well.
'It also reaffirms the results of previous studies showing that what we eat can affect how we look.'
Another study from 2015 found that the coloration that carotenoids gives is considered more attractive than melanin production caused by sun tans.
Another study from 2015 found that the coloration that carotenoids gives is considered more attractive than melanin production caused by sun tans. For people like DJ Pauly D (pictured), this may be bad news. The Jersey Shore reality TV star regularly visits tanning beds
No matter what part of town you are in, you can still take part in some amazing fireworks spectaculars festivities this 4th of July weekend. Here's a complete list of 4th of July Events and where to find Fireworks in Atlanta this year. If you know of any more I've missed, please let me know and I'll update this in time for the 4th.
Where to find Fireworks in Atlanta and Surrounding Areas
ALPHARETTA
Wills Park Fireworks Spectacular
When: July 4
Time: 6-10 p.m.
Where: Wills Park 1825 Old Milton Parkway Alpharetta, GA 678-297-6130
Who: Alpharetta Recreation and Parks
What: An evening of entertainment and children's activities behind the Alpharetta Community Center. Inflatables, face painting, balloon animals and fun. Food from vendors available. Fireworks at dusk
Cost: wristbands available for nominal fee
More info…
ATLANTA
Legendary 4th at Lenox Square Mall
When: July 4
Time: Mall Hours 10 a.m.-6 p.m.; Fireworks 9:40 p.m.
Where: Lenox Square 3393 Peachtree Road, N.E., Atlanta 404-233-6767
Who: Lenox Square Mall
What:. Mall shopping followed by fireworks at dusk
4th of July Celebration at Centennial Olympic Park
When: July 4
Time: 6-9 p.m.
Where: Centennial Olympic Park 265 Park Ave. West N.W. Atlanta
What: Live music, Fireworks at dusk
Cost: Free
AUBURN
Celebration in Downtown Auburn
When: July 4
Time: 11 a.m.- 4 p.m.
Where: Les Gove Park 1005 12th St. SE
What: noon bike parade, entertainment on two stages, arts and crafts area with over 50 artists, car show, 10 inflatable rides, rock wal, euro-bungy trampolines, bingo, mini golf, bocce, book sale, food concessions and more.
Cost: Free (purchase wristband for $5 – unlimited activities)
More info…
AUSTELL – SIX FLAGS OVER GEORGIA
Coca-Cola July 4th Fest
Date: July 2 – July 4, 2016
Where: Six Flags Over Georgia – 275 Riverside Parkway SW, Austell, Ga. 30168
Times:
July 2: 9:00 – 10:00 p.m.
July 3: 9:30 – 10:00 p.m.
July 4: 9:30 – 10:00 p.m.
This Independence Day weekend from July 2 – 4, all guests who bring a Coca-Cola™ can to the park will enter the park an hour before scheduled opening, as many of our most popular rides will be open before the rest of the park, including Goliath, BATMAN: The Ride, Dare Devil Dive (non VR), Mind Bender, THE JOKER Chaos Coaster and Harley Quinn Spinsanity. The early admittance hours for are as follows: July 2: 9:00 – 10:00 a.m., July 3 and 4: 9:30 – 10:30 a.m. In addition, nightly fireworks will blast off at 9:30p.m. July 2-4. The park is also offering a special VIP event in the Hurricane Harbor water park, where the fireworks are best viewed from the deck of the Calypso Bay Wave Pool.
Cost: $63.99; $43.99 for those 48 inches and shorter; free for ages 2 and younger. Discounts available on the website.
More info…
AVONDALE ESTATES
When: July 4
Time: 9:15 a.m. – Parade lineup at DeKalb School of the Arts located at 1192 Clarendon Avenue
10 a.m. – Parade begins and ends one hour later at the intersection of Clarendon Avenue and South Avondale Road
5 p.m. – Boy Scout Troop 6 sells hot dogs, drinks, and snacks at Lake Avondale
7:30 p.m. – Concert at Lake Avondale
Dusk – Fireworks at Lake Avondale
What: festivities, parade and fireworks
Where: Lake Avondale
More info…
CANTON
When: July 4th
Dog Days of Summer July 4th Celebration 4:00 PM. Cannon Park by the gazebo. Bring your dog in their favorite outfit. Stay for the Human Parade at 6:00pm Fireworks and Music at Riverstone at Dusk 8:30 PM.
CARROLLTON
Carrollton Fireworks Display
When: July 4, 2016
Time: 7:30 PM – 10:30 PM EDT
What: Entertainment: 7:30 pm Fireworks: 9:30 pm
1-800-292-0871
CHAMBLEE
Independence Day Celebration
When: Monday, July 4th
Time: 5-10 p.m. IMG_4792_thumb.jpg
Where: Keswick Park Soccer Field
What: Activities for the kids and adults, food vendors, live music, fireworks at Keswick Park
More info…
CONYERS
July 04, 2011 10:00 PM
Location: Georgia International Horse Park Description: Enjoy free admission and free parking as Conyers celebrates our nation's birthday at the Fabulous Fourth Festival at the Georgia International Horse Park! Bring the family to enjoy rides, displays, entertainment, a patriotic program and fireworks at dark. Blankets and lawn chairs are allowed, but pets and coolers are prohibited. For more information, visit www.conyersfabulousfourth.com or call 770-602-2606.
CUMMING
Celebration at the Cummings Fairgrounds
When: July 3rd
Time: 6-11 p.m.
What: Food, drink vendors, inflatables for kids, live band, fireworks display, all-age dance contest after the fireworks. Fireworks start at 9:30 p.m.
Cost: No admission or parking fee.
When: July 4
Time: 10 a.m.
What: Steam Engine Parade
More info…
DECATUR
When: July 4
What: 6 p.m. Parade
7 p.m. Concert on the Square in the Community Bandstand featuring the Callanwolde Concert Band
9 p.m. Fireworks begin at dark (time is approximate)
More info…
DOUGLASVILLE
Living in America Parade
When: July 4th
Time: 10 a.m
More info…
DULUTH
Celebration on the Duluth Town Green
When: July 3rd
Time: 6-11 p.m.
10 p.m. fireworks
Performances on the Festival Center Stage: 116th Army Band 6-8 p.m. ; Band of Gold 8-11 p.m
More info…
EAST POINT
When: July 4th
Time: 3-11 p.m.
Where: Downtown Commons 2757 East Point St.
What: food vendors, artist market, free live music, carnival
Fireworks start at 9:30 p.m.
More info…
GWINNETT COUNTY (MALL OF GEORGIA)
Gwinnett County – Gwinnett Braves vs. Norfolk Tides
July 4th. Fireworks extravaganza immediately after game. Game begins at 7:05 p.m. gwinnettbraves.com
More info…
HENRY COUNTY
4th of July Fireworks Hike
When: July 2nd
Time:8-11 p.m.
Where: Panola Mountain State Park 2600 Highway 155 SW, Stockbridge, GA 30281
What: Bring water, bug spray and a flashlight for this leisurely stroll to the top of Panola Mountain.
Cost: Admission: $10; Parking fee: $5
5th Annual Firecracker Road Race 5k/10k
When: July 4
Time: 8 a.m.-1 p.m.
Where: Nash Farm Park 100 Babbs Mill Road, Hampton
More info…
HIRAM
8th Annual Red, White & Boom
When: July 2nd
Time:6-10 p.m
Where: Ben Hill Stickland Sr. Memorial Park 372 Oak Street
Cost: Free Admission
What: Featuring the band Shyanne, food vendors and Kidz Karnival area
More info…
KENNESAW
Kennesaw's Salute to America
When: July 3rd
Time: Concert starts at 6 p.m.
fireworks at 9:30 p.m.
Where: Downtown Kennesaw
Cost: Free admission
More info…
LAKE LANIER
When: July 1st to 3rd
Where: LanierWorld.
What: July 1: Concerts from 3-11 p.m.
July 2: Live music all day, fireworks at 10 p.m.
July 3: DJ from 2-6 p.m. Fireworks at 10 p.m.
Where: 7000 Lanier Islands Parkway, Buford Ga.
More info…
MARIETTA
When: July 4th
Time: 10 a.m.
What: Parade begins at 10 a.m. at Roswell Street Baptist Church, free live concerts, museum tours, arts and crafts show, food, carnival games and fireworks finale
More info…
NEWNAN
4th of July Parade
When: July 4
Time: 9 a.m.
July 4th Parade with begin at Veteran's Memorial Park at 9 and end at Greenville Street Park between 9:30 and 10 am.
Newnan Rotary Club Festivities
When: July 4th
Time: 5:30 p.m.
Where: Drake Stadium
What: Family fun and fireworks until dark. Concessions available to purchase at 6 p.m. Musical entertainment and attractions provided for children
Cost: Free admission
More info…
PEACHTREE CITY
When: July 4th
Time: 9 a.m.-11 p.m.
What: Parade starts on Peachtree Parkway at 9 a.m.
Fireworks at Drake Field start at Dusk
More info…
ROSWELL
Annual 4th of July Fireworks
When: July 4th
Time: 5:30 P.M
Where: Sweetapple Elementary 12025 Etris Rd. Roswell, GA
What: Carnival games, food, and fun. Performances by Last Call Band (6 p.m.) and Banks and Shane (7:30 p.m.) Fireworks at dark.
More info…
STOCKBRIDGE – PANOLA MOUNTAIN STATE PARK
When: July 4th
Time: 8 p.m. to 11 p.m.
What: Bring water, bug spray, and a flashlight for this stroll to the top of Panola Mountain. Registration is due in advance.
Cost: Admission $15. Parking $5
More info…
STONE MOUNTAIN (STONE MOUNTAIN PARK)
Fantastic Fourth Celebration
Don't miss the BIGGEST Fireworks Finale EVER, July 1-4!
Attraction Hours: 10:30 a.m. – 8 p.m.
Lasershow and Fireworks: 9:30 p.m.
More info…
VILLA RICA
11th Annual Fireworks Display Extravaganza
When: Sunday July 3
Time: 5 p.m. until fireworks end
Who: The City of Villa Rica
Where: Villa Rica Civic Center& Sports Complex (V-Plex) 1605 Highway 61, Villa Rica
What: It will kick off with the national anthem followed by musical performances from Your Girlfriend Band and The Ghost Town band with the finale event, the Fireworks extravaganza. Ther activities include helicopter rides, the zippin zone, face painting, balloon art, inflatable slides and much more.
Cost: FREE Admission
More info…
WOODSTOCK
4th of July Spectacular
When:July 4th 1
Time: 10 a.m. Parade (new route!)
11-3 Festival
Fireworks at dusk
Where: Parade starts at Woodstock elementary; Festival is at The Park at City Center; Fireworks at Target Shopping Center (Hwy 92 near 575)
What: with fun, food, arts, crafts, music (The Coupe de Ville Band), kids activities and more!
More info…
Exclusive to STR
You'll be wondering about that question mark.
As Dave Barry so accurately put it, '. . . the troubled 'big three' automakers . . . ask Congress for $25 billion, explaining that if they don't get the money, they will be unable to continue making cars that Americans are not buying.' Others suggest that once bailed-out, the Big Three will no longer make cars, but will just keep paying the pensions to their former workers, which they so foolishly promised way back when. So it does seem that fewer goods are being produced and that a reduced level of production will continue for quite a while.
Since a vast amount of new money has been deliberately injected fresh from the government print-room into the economy, surely there can be but one result, when that larger sum of money chases the smaller quantity of goods: a serious price hike, starting later this year. Steep price inflation looks like a sure thing.
However, my first reason for adding the question mark is that prices are actually set by vendors, and if--as now--vendors are scrambling to keep solvent and make sales, they will not rush to raise them. If survival is at stake--and for many, it is--they will more likely reduce prices, so as to make at least some sales and stay in business, albeit with poor or zero profits. We can see this happening right now; retailers marked goods down before Christmas, and even further afterwards. Gasoline prices have dropped 60% in six months. House prices are down 20% from their 2005 peak, sometimes more, and stocks are down by a third or so. All carmakers are pleading for customers with strong incentives. Possibly these trends may reverse later this year, but for now they are very clear: despite all the huge "injections of liquidity," prices are tumbling off cliffs.
My second reason comes more as a question than an assertion: I am wondering where the money went, when trillions were wiped off housing values and the stock market. Yes, the Fed is injecting new money, a trillion or two of it, but was that not more of a partial replacement for lost money, than the creation of new currency where none previously existed? If it was, then the above premise--that more money is chasing fewer goods--is incorrect; yes, there are fewer goods, but no, there may not be much more money, if any. We say rightly that the former price rises in housing and stocks resulted from the irresponsible creation of money by Greenspan and Bernanke, so now that those bubbles have burst, must it not mean that their excess money has vanished in a puff of smoke? Perhaps we don't actually know how much money is there at all. Perhaps its total supply is actually down, not up. Perhaps government statistics about money supply (inadequate anyway, since M3 is omitted) are simply incorrect; perhaps they record how much currency was created, but not how much was destroyed.
Was any destroyed? It's not easy to tell. If one asks Google "Where did all the money go?", a variety of answers pop up from all manner of experts, not one of whom shows signs of understanding that the Fed creates money out of thin air, let alone that prices rise as a consequence. Since they don't appear to understand the question, their answers are unpersuasive.
One view is that no, none was vaporized. Take a house, the Fed-inflated 2005 price of which was $500K but which is now down to a less unrealistic $400K. Where is the missing $100K? Owner-occupier John has a $450K loan and enjoys living in the house, so he lost nothing, except expectations. His mortgage banker is still getting paid to the terms agreed (because John still has a job) and so he, too, lost nothing--yet. They say money may be distributed differently, but it's still there, in the system.
What was lost was merely a book entry in John's net-worth account. He thought he had a $500K asset of which $50K (say) was net equity which might be used, thanks to a further home-equity loan, to put young Patrick through a year of Harvard; but now, he doesn't. He's in the hole for $50K, so Patrick will have to flip burgers and go to night school. But still, does that mean the money supply shrank?
A quick reference to Murray Rothbard's trusty What Has Government Done to Our Money reminds us that fiat money is fabricated by an engine with two parts: first the Feds write a large IOU to the Fed, which the latter buys with a kited check. Then the Feds use that large influx to make payments to their suppliers, employees, supporters, clients, pimps and hangers-on, which the latter deposit in their local, friendly Federal Reserve member bank. As the second part of the engine, each such deposit can then be loaned out again to the extent of 90%. Those loans get re-deposited, and so the cycle goes; an original billion-dollar IOU turns after some weeks or months into a ten billion dollar supply of new "money."
So in John's case, the money supply may not have shrunk, but it did fail to grow as expected. The reason is that if he'd had that net home equity of $50K, he would have taken out a new loan to pay Patrick's college bill, and that money would have been plucked from thin air as above by the bankers' "fractional reserve" system, the magic wand that creates money; but he didn't.
If John never takes out the $50K loan, because the book value of his house went down instead of up, a wrench gets tossed in to that engine; nothing is created beyond the original IOU injected by the Feds. The fall in John's house value has therefore stopped the fiat engine in mid-crank; back in D.C., the magic wands are being waved, but the rabbit remains in the hat.
This may be why there is so little hesitation in that city about rushing through bills that flood the economy with very large sums; $750 billion a couple of months back, another trillion coming up shortly . . . if that $1.75T were being created in normal times, some months later it would get magnified to $17.5 trillion by the fractional-reserve multiplier, and that would take the money supply from about $12T to nearly $30T in less than a year; an unprecedented explosion of "money" that might well be fatal to an economy upon which, ultimately, even politicians depend. So why their reckless abandon? The explanation may be that they have done this calculation already and know that this time, the multiplier will not work. They are therefore "safe" in throwing out such large sums--and if their arithmetic should happen to be a bit off, they can always force a change to the fraction; that is, forbid banks to lend more than, say, 40% of their deposits instead of 90%.
Still, this explanation suffices only to suggest that the money supply will not grow as fast as one might have expected--not that it will actually shrink. For it to shrink, John or his neighbors must not only fail to take out new loans, they must also pay down loans that they already have. Is that happening, or will it soon happen?
Yes, I think it is. Every month that forty four million mortgage holders make a payment reducing the principal owed, that's exactly what they do; so if new mortgages are not being written to replace them, deposits in banks will fall and the fractional-reserve engine will work in reverse--destroying money, instead of creating it.
And are new mortgages being written to replace them? No! Because houses are selling very slowly, and when they are sold, the price is lower than it used to be so the new mortgage for the new owner is for a smaller amount than its predecessor. Further, an unprecedented number are in foreclosure, meaning that the lending bank is having to write off a large part of its former loans.
All those factors mean that the fractional-reserve part of the government's inflation engine has flipped. It may be this is the first time that has ever happened, but it seems to me likely that it's happening now. What an exciting time! No wonder that none of the King's Men seem to have any idea how to put Humpty together again.
I could be wrong about this and have not seen any more scholarly writer put it this way, but I think that in the past few months, a vast amount of money has, for just these reasons, disappeared; and so that the frantic attempts to use the first component of that engine--the issuance of IOUs to the Fed, in multiples of $100B--have not had and will not have their normal consequence of high inflation. I have no idea how to calculate what supply of money really is out there now, nor how much may be destroyed or created in the coming months; but I suggest that despite the shrinkage of goods being produced and despite that largess of the Feds, there isn't much of a supply increase, if any at all, and so there's no reason to expect significant price inflation in the coming year.
Only events will prove me right or wrong, but a possible early indicator that I may be right comes in an estimate of M3 published by nowandfutures.com and reproduced here. It shows that in spite of all we may have supposed, while its absolute total has continued to rise a bit, the rate of increase in the total supply of US money has fallen like a rock, from 17% to 7%, since the middle of 2008. Go figure.
More than 3,000 rais of orchid farms in Nakhon Pathom's Sam Pran district are hard hit by salty water caused by the invasion of seawater into the Tha Chin river basin.
Many orchid plants are dying in the worst ever disaster in seven years. Tests have shown that salt content in the Tha Chin river was measured at 7.3 grammes per litre which is far beyond the 0.75 gramme/litre standard level acceptable for orchid plants.
Latest report said that seawater has already reached Nakhon Chaisri district where salt content in the water was measured at 2 grammes/litre which will pose a threat to the survival of plants.
Mr Suthep Noipairoj, deputy director-general of Irrigation Department, has attributed the worsening salt water invasion to extensive second rice crop farming in the Chao Phraya river which goes against the government's order for a stop of the second crop farming to spare water for use for consumption during the forthcoming dry season.
He said that the department might discharge more water out of the dam to ease the salty water problem but this means loss of water which would otherwise be spared for consumption.
An agreement boosting the number of hydrogen buses in the city could be signed next week – but with a clause to pull out if the Scottish Government does not provide £3 million.
Aberdeen City Council plans to expand its £21m fleet of 10 hydrogen buses to 30 vehicles.
The council's finance committee has already endorsed the Joint Initiative Hydrogen Vehicles Across Europe (JIVE) project, agreeing to provide £2.5m.
But this is subject to a £3m financial contribution from the Scottish Government as well as a contribution from bus operators.
In a report to go before members of the finance committee on Thursday, officers said there was “no authority” to enter a grant agreement without these contributions.
But the report added: “The option which officers present in this report is a compromise solution.
“Internal legal advice, plus written communication from Element Energy (lead partner) are clear that entering the grant agreement is not an unconditional agreement to deliver.
“There are exit clauses which allow partners to exit the project.
“Such reasons include a change of economic situation for one of the partners.”
Councillors will be asked to sign the agreement on the condition that the council must notify their intention to leave the project by October 31 if they are unable to demonstrate the funding has been found. The report said “several requests” have been made to the Scottish Government in regarding their funding decision.
It added: “The decision is dependent upon Transport Scotland and the Scottish Government's Energy and Climate Change department budget setting process and confirmation is anticipated before June 2017.”
A Scottish Government spokesman said: “We are committed to the introduction of cleaner and greener transport. The Scottish Government has already provided almost £4m to Aberdeen City Council to support the delivery of the current fleet of hydrogen buses and infrastructure in Aberdeen.
“Dundee and Aberdeen City Councils have an interest in developing hydrogen bus fleets and we are considering their requests for funding, but no final decisions have yet been taken.
“We will continue to liaise with both local authorities on this issue.”
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Violence rattled the capital for a second day Wednesday, when two Palestinian terrorists responsible for separate drive-by shootings were killed by police during a shoot-out near the Old City following a citywide manhunt.
An Arab-Israeli man in his late 50s was critically wounded after being shot twice by the suspects during the gun battle, which took place on a major thoroughfare between the New Gate and light-rail tracks.
At approximately 8 a.m., police first received reports about two suspicious Arab men driving a blue vehicle on Golda Meir Boulevard in the capital's Ramot neighborhood.Moments later, shots were fired from the car in the direction of an Egged bus, police said.Before officers arrived at the scene, an armed Israeli man who witnessed the shooting exited his car and fired a single shot at the terrorists' vehicle before they fled the area.“We know that shots were fired in the direction of the bus by two Arab suspects armed with automatic weapons, but no bullet holes were found on the bus itself,” said Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld, who added that no casualties were reported.“Police units immediately set up road blocks and launched a search for the vehicle driven by the terrorists, which we knew was still in Jerusalem and was spotted by special patrol units between the Old City's Damascus Gate and New Gate one hour later.”Rosenfeld said that when police approached the car, shots were fired at them before the officers returned fire and killed both suspects.None of the officers were wounded, but a 57-year-old Arab-Israeli bystander walking in the area was struck in the head and chest by two bullets fired by the suspects.Magen David Adom paramedics at the scene treated the east Jerusalem resident, who was rushed to Hadassah- University Medical Center on Jerusalem's Mount Scopus in serious condition.Hadassah-University Medical Center spokeswoman Hadar Elboim said Wednesday night the Arab shooting victim remains in serious-to-critical condition following emergency surgery.“He has a really bad head wound, and they moved him from Mount Scopus to Ein Kerem, where there are neurological specialists,” she said.Elboim added that the condition of the two Border Police officers shot in the head outside the Old City's Damascus Gate by an Arab assailant Tuesday night remains the same, with the 48-year-old victim in critical condition and the 31-year-old victim in moderate-to-serious condition.Light-rail service was temporarily suspended following Wednesday's shoot-out, and Rosenfeld said heightened security measures remain in effect throughout the capital for US Vice President Joe Biden's visit.“There are two separate security issues taking place right now,” Rosenfeld said. “One is dealing with the terrorist wave that began yesterday, and the other is ensuring the vice president is safe. We're not taking any chances whatsoever, and the highest security precautions are being taken, including SWAT teams, special patrol units and coordination with American security.”In a speech at the Knesset Wednesday, MK Yoel Hasson (Zionist Union) read aloud the names of the 34 people killed by terrorists in the recent wave of violence.“Too many people have lost their lives; 34 people lost their lives,” Hasson lamented, calling them victims of the “third intifada.”The opposition MK blamed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, saying he is making Israelis unsafe because of the lack of a peace agreement with the Palestinians.“He's creating a fence that fences in Palestinians with us, in Israel,” Hasson said. “His running away from decisions is costing us lives.”According to Hasson, Netanyahu is “doing nothing because he knows that in return for fighting terrorism, the world will demand that he negotiate [with the Palestinians], and that scares him more than terrorism.”Adding a sense of urgency for an immediate government response to curb the ongoing violence, Yisrael Beytenu chairman Avigdor Liberman blasted Netanyahu as ineffective, during a solidarity rally outside the Damascus Gate to praise security personnel.“All of Yisrael Beytenu has come here to express our appreciation for the security forces that are here day and night in order to keep Israeli citizens safe,” said Liberman.“They risk their lives every hour and every minute of every day… and the police officers and soldiers who are stationed here deserve appreciation and respect from all the people of Israel.”Liberman went on to accuse Netanyahu and Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon of being “bad for Israel's security,” and demanded a new plan of action.“What's happening here around the Damascus Gate – what happened yesterday after half a year of this terrorism wave – is completely unacceptable,” he said. “The solution is a change in policy. The policy of containing terrorism, or attempting to buy quiet with a lot of money, has failed.”Claiming Netanyahu's rhetoric is markedly stronger than his actions, Liberman demanded the prime minister expunge from the Joint (Arab) List MKs who have yet to denounce “the murder of tourists and Israeli citizens” and defend Hezbollah.“Of course, these are terrorists sitting in the Israeli Knesset,” he said.“We must act directly to ban them....We must return to targeted assassinations.We must stop funding terrorism.“My position is, first and foremost, to suffocate terrorism,” he continued, condemning Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas as an unreliable partner in peace.“Abu Mazen [Abbas] refuses to condemn the murder of an American tourist,” he said, referring to Taylor Force, who was stabbed to death during a rampage carried out by a Palestinian terrorist in Jaffa on Tuesday.“They [Abbas and the PA] are playing a double game, and they support all this wave of terrorism.”Liberman continued: “If someone thinks that you can lead a political process alongside terrorism, he is mistaken.As long as we do not defeat terrorism, there will be no political process.”Lahav Harkov and Jerusalem Post staff contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
No one cared when China colluded with the Clintons to interfere in the '96 Election; “Back in 1996, China helped then-President Bill Clinton get re-elected by funneling money to the Clinton campaign”
The Mainstream Media has devoted exhaustive coverage over the allegation that Russia may have interfered with the 2016 election, as most recently seen in their massive reporting of the James Comey hearings. But there was a time when they didn't care when a foreign country tried to buy a U.S. election (Hint: It helped a Democrat).
Back in 1996, China helped then-President Bill Clinton get re-elected by funneling money to the Clinton campaign. During Clinton's re-election campaign against Republican Bob Dole, the Chinese Red Army (via fundraiser Johnny Chung) donated $300,000 to the Clinton campaign. After Clinton won, his administration quietly approved the export of key technology that aided China's ballistic missile program.
Despite scoops by the Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, Washington Post, The Washington Times that detailed connections between Chinese contributions and espionage efforts, as well as exhaustive Congressional hearings the Big Three networks (ABC, CBS, NBC) all but buried the Clinton-Chinese fundraising scandal.
And even when they did cover the scandal, anchors and reporters were dismissive. The late ABC World News Tonight anchor Peter Jennings, on his April 10, 1997 show, thought the investigation into the scandal wasn't worth the effort: “When we come back, two investigations of fundraising abuse, two of them on Capitol Hill. Is it a waste of time and money?”
When the late-Senator Fred Thompson's Governmental Affairs Committee took up the matter in the summer of 1997, ABC correspondent Linda Douglass was quick to claim there was nothing to the investigation: “Senator [Fred] Thompson is clearly tired of taking a beating from the Democrats, who every single day point out the fact that he's failed to prove there is any Chinese plot in connection with the Democratic presidential campaign.”
On June 17, 1997 then Today co-anchor Katie Couric absurdly asked The Washington Post's Bob Woodward “Are members of the media, do you think, Bob, too scandal-obsessed, looking for something at every corner?”
And while today the liberal media is playing up the sinister KGB past of Vladimir Putin, back then they were offended by any labeling of China as communist or “red.” On the April 4, 1997 CBS Evening News, reporter Phil Jones huffed: “Republicans call this money ‘a direct slap at those brave young Americans who spilled their blood defending freedom.' China is referred to as ‘Red China.' Why not just call it ‘China'? Why ‘Red China'?”
The following are some of the major discoveries from that era and how they were or were not covered:
China's Army Funds the Democrats.
On April 4, 1999 the Asian fundraising scandal culminated in a Los Angeles Times report: Johnny Chung told Justice Dept. investigators that the chief of Chinese military intelligence gave him $300,000 to donate to the Clinton campaign. None of the broadcast networks touched this bombshell until Chung appeared before Congress on May 11, but even then the ABC and NBC morning shows and the CBS Evening News ignored him.
China Acquires U.S. Missile Technology.
Beginning in April 1998, The New York Times reported the Chinese government had been given technological expertise that “significantly advanced Beijing's ballistic missile program,” and the head of one of the offending defense contractors was the largest individual contributor to Democrats in 1996. The number of evening news reports on this story since April 1998? ABC: 7. CBS: 3. NBC: 2. ABC outnumbered these 12 pieces in a 24-hour period highlighting their Monica Lewinsky interview.
China Acquires U.S. Warhead Technology.
One year after that discovery, The New York Times found that the Chinese government had stolen technology from U.S. nuclear labs that would help them miniaturize their nuclear warheads. In the first ten days the Big Three aired only 11 evening stories and six morning stories, then dropped the issue. The networks have since ignored several significant revelations and conducted only one morning show interview.
Clinton's Denials Exposed.
When pressed by print reports about whether he knew Chinese espionage was occurring on his watch, President Clinton claimed in two press conferences that he was told nothing about espionage occurring during his term. When new print reports revealed him to be lying, the networks again refused to give viewers the evidence.
via
The motion of fluid flow has captured the interest of philosophers and scientists for a long time. Leonardo da Vinci made several sketches of the motion of fluid and made a number of observations about how water and air behave. He often observed that water had a swirling motion, sometimes big and sometimes small, as shown in the sketch below.
We would now call such swirling motions vortices, and we have a systematic way of understanding the behavior of fluids through the Navier–Stokes equations. Let's first start with understanding these equations.
We have all seen special effects and visualizations of fluids in movies. The special effects are meant to give the viewer a realistic look at the motion of water or air. Since the focus in movies is on aesthetics, the flow may not be accurate. So, how does one go about writing code that will simulate fluid flow? In general, the answer is quite complicated, but with a few assumptions can be made more tractable.
Assuming that the simulation will take place under normal conditions, that is, at a reasonable temperature and at sea level, the equations that govern the motion of a fluid are:
These represent a time-dependent system of partial differential equations (or PDEs, for short) that can be solved with appropriate boundary conditions. u (m/s) , v (m/s), and w (m/s) represent the different components of the velocity; p (N/m2) represents the pressure; ν (m2/s) is the viscosity of the fluid; and ρ (kg/m3) is the density of the fluid. Fluids obeying this system of PDEs are called incompressible fluids.
Solving the above system in general is difficult. Many people might decide at this point that the problem is much too complicated, and they don't have the time or expertise to write specialized code to do this. This may have been true in the past, but with Mathematica, the simulation can be done using a number of built-in functions and visualization in a couple of lines.
In this blog post, we”ll look at some techniques to help in simulating fluid flow and we'll visualize the motion of the flow.
Even though the problem seems intimidating, a lot of information can be gathered by just looking at the system. Let's use an understandable example. Consider a square box where the top lid is allowed to move in the horizontal plane. When the top lid is not moving, the air (or fluid) inside is stationary. However, when the lid starts moving, the motion of the lid makes the fluid circulate inside the box. Now, even without understanding how the flow will move, we can make a qualitative guess about what might be happening inside the box. Here is a sketch of that.
The top lid drags the fluid below it, which generates a swirling motion. This initial swirling motion can instigate its own swirling motion, like a big gear turning smaller gears.
For the flow in a box, the Navier–Stokes equations can be simplified. First, we assume that the flow is not changing in time, and second, that it is not changing in the z direction. This simplifies the equations to:
This leads to three unknowns and three equations. If the velocities, pressure, and coordinates are non-dimensionalized as
where a characteristic velocity U 0 (m/s) and a characteristic length L (m) are used, the equations become
where Re is called the Reynolds number and is defined as
As it turns out, the behavior of a flow can be described, to a large extent, by just this one number. The non-dimensionalization helps generalize the problem. So now the box can be made as large or as small as desired, and the top lid can be made to move fast or slow simply by changing the Reynolds number. This number can also be used to describe whether the fluid inside the box is water, air, or any other substance of your choice.
The Reynolds number is a very useful quantity in the field of fluid mechanics. This number can also be used to compare and characterize different flows. What does this mean? Suppose an engineer wanted to test the performance of a Boeing 747. It would be highly impractical (not to mention expensive) to run tests on the real airplane. The engineer can instead perform the tests on a model airplane with the Reynolds number of the model and the actual plane kept the same. This is the basis on which all wind-tunnel experiments are performed.
Now, back to the problem at hand. How can one solve the above system? As of now, there are no known analytical solutions, so the only choice is to obtain a solution using numerical methods.
The challenge in obtaining a numerical solution is to figure out the treatment of the derivatives. The general idea/algorithm is as follows:
1) Take the domain and discretize it. This means that the solution u(x) is computed at discrete points x i , and the solution is to be found at u(x i ).
2) The derivatives are expressed as some linear combination of u(x i ).
3) The final system is changed from a system of differential equations to a system of algebraic equations for u(x i ). These can be solved using one of many root finding algorithms.
Let's follow the algorithm outlined above. The first step is to discretize the domain. This means that we have to define a set of grid points on which the solution will be found. This is done as:
At each of these grid points, the velocities u(x i , y i ) and v(x i , y i ) and pressure p(x i , y i ) have to be computed. This means that each point contains three unknowns. We can give each unknown a name.
The second step in the algorithm is to find an approximation to the derivatives. The derivatives need to be approximated as:
This form of approximation is called finite difference approximation. The coefficients can be computed using the traditional Taylor series. NDSolve has a utility function called NDSolve`FiniteDifferenceDerivative that automatically computes these coefficients. Here is an example:
The function NDSolve`FiniteDifferenceDerivative can also be used to get the result in a matrix form. Having a matrix representation would make it easier to code. As an example, let's get the first-order derivative for Sin(x) where x ∈(0,1).
So, with the help of NDSolve`FiniteDifferenceDerivative , the system of PDEs describing the flow can be converted to a system of nonlinear algebraic equations. For discretization, we need the differentiation matrices for the first and second derivatives in x and y. The accuracy of the finite difference approximation can be specified by the option “ DifferenceOrder “. A value of 4 would mean that the approximation is 4th-order accurate.
With the variables defined and the matrices computed, the nonlinear algebraic equations are constructed as:
Notice that the Reynolds number is taken to be 100 (this can, of course, be changed).
There is one additional step (which turns out to be an important step) to account for the boundary conditions. To do this, we need to find the grid points that lie on the boundary AND the equation numbers associated with them. This can be done as:
Now that the boundary positions are known, the following boundary conditions need to be applied:
Since the equation numbers associated with the boundaries are known, incorporating the boundary conditions involves a replacement of the discretized governing equations with the boundary equations.
With the discretization complete, we can proceed to solving the system. To do this, all the discretized equations should be joined into one large system of equations. This means that the final system to be solved will be 3n where n is the number of grid points. The 3 comes from the fact that we are solving three unknown variables at each grid point. So for a 100 x 100 grid, we will simultaneously solve 30,000 equations.
The function FindRoot can be used to solve this system.
Remember that the velocities are computed at discrete points. Using the function Interpolation , the discrete solution can be converted into a black-box continuous function.
We can visualize the interpolation using LineIntegralConvolutionPlot , which generates very attractive flow visualizations.
>
We can construct a number of helper/utility functions in order to put the code in a reusable form.
With the help of the utility functions, the main solver function is relatively compact.
The main solver function now consists of five parts. The functions of each of these parts are described as comments. Note that the main solver function “ DrivenCavitySolver ” takes in four arguments. These arguments are: Reynolds number, the domain, grid points in each direction, and the differentiation order. Having it in this form makes it easy to play with code. For example, the aspect ratio of the box can be changed to make it narrow or wide, and we can see what happens to the flow as a result of that change.
With the function now in hand, a number of interesting questions can be answered and different tests can be performed. The most obvious question that one can ask is: “What happens to the flow when the Reynolds number is increased?” Here are some results that easily answer this question through simulation and visualization.
Comparing the four flows, the common characteristic is a large central vortex dominating the flow. The differences between the four flows are seen in the secondary vortices. As the Reynolds number increases, the bottom-left vortex starts increasing in size, and eventually, when the Reynolds number is high enough, a third vortex starts forming at the top-left of the box (look at the fourth plot). We can therefore suspect the presence of more vortices as the Reynolds number is increased.
What we are viewing is a steady-state flow, which means that the flow does not change from one point in time to the next. This doesn't mean that the flow is not moving! To visualize the actual motion of the flow, the box can be seeded with mass-less particles, and the particles are tracked in time as they are carried by the flow. This again can be done very easily using NDSolve .
The first step is to generate a flow. Let's choose the flow at Reynolds number 2,000. This simulation will take a couple of minutes.
The box is seeded with 400 particles equally spaced throughout the box. The results of tracking the trajectories of each of these particles are called pathlines.
Using NDSolve , each individual particle can be tracked as it is carried by the flow. Let's select a time window of 10 time-units to see how the particles move during that time period.
The evolution of the particles can now be visualized using the function ListAnimate .
To view the full content of this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Another idea for visualization is to release a continuous stream of dye at one location in space for a short period of time. The location can be determined by the experimenter. We will choose the location to be near the bottom-right of the box. A simple modification to the equations can achieve this effect.
To view the full content of this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Let's experiment a little bit more. What happens when the aspect ratio is changed? If the aspect ratio is 2, then the movement of the primary vortex generates a second major vortex below it. As the strength of the primary vortex increases, it will tend to push the secondary vortex toward the left wall. Notice that if there is enough strength in this secondary vortex, it will generate its own vortex—the vortex at the bottom-left of the box.
What if the box is now made wide instead of narrow?
If you were to google “2D Navier Stokes Solver,” you would find hundreds if not thousands of papers and many algorithms. This can be overwhelming. My motivation for writing this short code was to see what results (if any) I could get if I were to take the raw equations and just solve them. With all the functions that Mathematica has to offer, and with a little numerical knowledge, I was able to get a prototype working pretty quickly. More importantly, Mathematica allowed me to explore the dynamics of the flow rather than sitting and coding for hours. I will be the first to admit that it is not optimal code, and many more features can be added to it. However, the ability to get something up and running quickly was empowering.
Download this post as a Computable Document Format (CDF) file.
In a lot of ways, the 2017 NWSL draft class is a mirror image of the last year's edition. While last year there was a glutton of center backs, this year that position is comparatively sparse to the bevy of forwards and goalkeepers available. There's some intrigue to see how front offices handle this draft with so much seemingly up in the air surrounding the U.S. national team's collective bargaining agreement and realized as well as potential moves to Europe.
With Boston holding four picks in the first round, all eyes will be on the Breakers' staff, who have a decidedly bad track record when it comes to drafts in the present professional league. The Washington Spirit will also be front and center despite not holding a pick until near the end of the second round as much of this off season's headlines have been dominated by last year's runner-ups and not in a good way. Which recently created holes does the team try to address?
Even with surefire first round picks Ashley Lawrence and Kadeisha Buchanan opting for Europe, there's still plenty of talent on the board. While there's still a lot to shake out between now and then, here are some names fans should expect to hear next Thursday in Los Angeles:
Goalkeepers
Jane Campbell – Stanford
Kailen Sheridan– Clemson
Hannah Seabert – Pepperdine
There's no controversy surrounding who will be the first keeper off the board, although reasonable people disagree as to when this will occur. Stanford's Jane Campbell will have this honor. The 5-foot-9 Georgia native has many of the attributes that teams look for in a starter in net. An early exit in the NCAA tournament this year likely cost Campbell sole ownership of Stanford's shutout record. Instead, she'll have to share the record with Cardinal great Nicole Barnhart–not bad company. She's got decent size, is a good shot stopper and commands her box well.
Kailen Sheridan was a relative unknown to most NWSL fans until injuries and Karina LeBlanc's retirement tested Canada's goalkeeping depth last year. There's an obvious parallel here to Clemson, who was basically a forgotten member of the ACC until recently. Sheridan and the other members of her class helped dramatically raise the Tigers' profile. Sheridan, along with other recruits at the back — including center back Claire Wagner — helped deduce Clemson's goals against average by over a goal per game from the year prior to their arrival as freshmen. Probably the biggest question surrounding her at the next level is her ability to make consistently good decisions.
A former Pepperdine player, Lynn Williams had quite a year in 2016 earning NWSL MVP honors and earning a shot with the U.S. national team. Could keeper Hannah Seabert be the next former Pepperdine player to make a wave at the pro level? Seabert, a four-year starter and three-year captain, has good reflexes that will serve her at the next level. Seabert is the program's all-time saves record which is notable because Pepperdine has produced goalkeepers that have gone on to play at the international level namely Anna Picarelli (Italy) and Roxy Barker (South Africa). (Barker was also drafted by Portland Thorns in 2013.) She will need to work on her footwork to make the transition to the next level, but her recent inclusion in the U.S. U-23 camp definitely helps cement her inclusion in the upper echelon of keepers available.
Defenders
Christina Gibbons – Duke
Kayla Mills – Southern California
Mandy Freeman – Southern California
Maddie Bauer– Stanford
Claire Wagner – Clemson
Perhaps Robbie Church has never been more right than when he described Christina Gibbons as a “really underrated player” when he announced his 2013 recruiting class. From that day in early 2013 to now, Gibbons has gone from a barely-recruited prospect to earning a call up to the full women's national team. The Raleigh, N.C., native is extremely versatile filling in as needed to help the Blue Devils' cause. In fact, it wasn't unusual to see Gibbons change positions in-game if the situation arose. Best as a left back at the next level, Gibbons covers a lot of ground, and is a tenacious defender. A two-way player, she'll also be capable of getting into the attack, a supremely valuable attribute at the next level. At Duke, she helped lead a culture change as a junior captain that helped the Blue Devils go from missing the NCAA tournament to playing in the national championship the following season. This season, she helped spearhead a run to the Elite Eight even after several stars including Olympic Bronze medalist Rebecca Quinn, were injured.
The next two defenders on the board are also versatile, Southern California's Mandy Freeman and Kayla Mills. Obviously, they were vital in the Trojans' title run. What casual college soccer fans might not realize is that these two were playing different positions a year ago.
Mills starred as a right back previously. This year at defensive center midfield she showed that she has great composure and a very advanced soccer IQ to go along with the athleticism and speed she used to fly up and down the flanks in years prior. Freeman, who moved from center midfield to center back, could play along the backline or as a defensive midfielder. Her one v. one defending and closing speed will certainly entice suitors.
Sticking on the West Coast, center back Maddie Bauer of Stanford is also projected to come off the board early. In short, there aren't a ton of players on the board like Bauer. She's a modern center back meaning she's more cerebral than bruiser, although she still has a bit of bite. Critics claim she would do well do be bit a more aggressive, however. A very vocal center back, she operated as the anchor in the Cardinal's backline and helped the team set play.
The aforementioned Wagner was also a key cog to Clemson's ascension in the ACC. In the deep ACC, Wagner is often times overlooked. Superb in the air, the Cary, N.C., native knocked in 11 goals as a center back in her fours years including seven in the last two. If last season proved anything in NWSL, scoring off and defending against set pieces is often make or break in the sometimes physical league.
Midfielders
Rose Lavelle– Wisconsin
Meggie Dougherty Howard – Florida
Morgan Andrews – Southern California
Alexis Shaffer – Virginia
Nickolette Driesse – Penn State
Rose Lavelle, who been on the radar with the U.S. national team for quite some time, is a rare kind of player that makes soccer seem more like an artistic performance than an athletic endeavor. She appears to glide with the ball effortlessly, a testament to the adage that the best athletes make it look easy. An outside-of-the-box personality both on and off the field, the former Badger is a true, first-rate attacking midfielder, something of a rarity in NWSL. Her slight build may be a bit of a concern but she's managed to keep up in the Big Ten, probably the most physical of the major conferences in women's soccer.
Meggie Dougherty Howard of Florida is another midfield prospect that will come off the board quickly. A well-rounded midfielder that's capable of contributing from box to box, Dougherty Howard's got good vision and does the “simple” stuff well. Functioning as the glue between the Florida offense and defense, Dougherty Howard's offensive numbers increased the past two years, which in turn has improved her draft stock. This past fall, she notched eight goals and 12 assists for the Gators. Additionally, the Florida native was perhaps the Washington Spirit Reserves most important cog in their run to the last USL W-League title in 2015.
Morgan Andrews is the classic comeback story after transferring from Notre Dame and being inexplicably left off the 2014 U-20 World Cup squad, and ending her career hoisting the national title trophy in her last collegiate game. A sensation as a teenager in New Hampshire, Andrews has been in the spotlight for quite some time. She is a technical player with great vision and passing range but perhaps her most enduring trait is her ability to just simply take over games. It's something that's impossible to define or measure, but it's there. It was no more apparent that in the 2015 NCAA tournament when Andrews scored a hat trick to power USC over Cal State Fullerton in the first round of NCAA tournament going down 0-2 to the Titans.
Alexis Shaffer is the latest off Virginia's conveyor belt of good midfield prospects. Often confined to the right wing when Virginia greats Danielle Colaprico and Morgan Brian were on campus, Shaffer really blossomed the last two seasons culminating in her winning both the ACC Offensive Player of the Year and Midfielder of the Year awards this season. The Cary, N.C., native is a technical attacking midfielder who can use both feet well, a trait far too rare on this side of the Atlantic. She can also be deadly from distance which is a good way to keep defenses honest. Surrounded by a lot of youth this season, it seemed at times that Shaffer was trying to do too much. Nonetheless, the skills Shaffer possesses will be enough to merit a first or second round pick.
For fans that like picks to be backed up by palatable numbers, Nickolette Driesse's inclusion will send their heads' spinning. She hasn't put up particularly gaudy numbers at any point in her career but the Seminole turned Nittany Lion rarely commits turnovers and does a good job of keeping the ball circulating. She was part of Florida State's 2014 national championship team before transferring to Penn State. The following year she ended up with another national title, this time getting to contribute more offensively which she prefers. Penn State's season ended a lot earlier this year, far from surprising given all the team lost to graduation and the U-20 World Cup, Driesse, the lone senior on this year's squad, looks primed to join all of the Penn State seniors from a season ago at the professional level.
Forwards
Savannah Jordan – Florida
Rachel Hill – UConn
Ashley Hatch – BYU
McKenzie Meehan – Boston College
Midge Purce- Harvard
Florida's Savannah Jordan at this time last year had scored more goals than anyone in the 2016 draft class, despite still having a year of eligibility left. That's quite a feat especially playing in a power five conference. The former Gator is deadly inside the area and is strong. She's also got incredible balance in no doubt partially due to her martial arts training. Forwards never seem like a sure thing when it comes to the draft, but Jordan is the most promising prospect NWSL has seen at the position. Although she's entered the draft, there are rumors circulating that she'll head overseas. The veracity of these rumors will be tested by how quickly Commissioner Jeff Plush reads her name next week.
UConn's Rachel Hill will likely be one of the first forwards off the board next week. Hill's got a superb work rate that makes her a strong candidate for playing on the wing in midfield at the professional level. In addition to her work rate, she possesses good speed, athleticism and anticipation. Hill has also been a consistent scorer in college, scoring no less than 13 goals in a season. In total, the Husky could be a good fit for a team looking for someone to fill a position requiring a good motor.
Ashley Hatch has many of the attributes that make for an attractive early draft selection at forward. She's fast, strong, and has scored a lot of goals in her collegiate career. Not only has Hatch scored a lot but she can score in a variety of ways. Last season, there were definitely some questions surrounding Hatch after a small fracture in her knee wrecked her junior year, limiting her to just four goals in 13 games played. In 2016, she rebounded to average nearly a goal a game with 19 goals in 20 appearances while also juggling duty with the U.S. national team. She's fast, strong, and has scored a lot of goals in her collegiate career. What she's probably most known for though is her physicality. As a physical force, finding the right fit at the pro level, i.e. a team that values that aspect of the game is essential for Hatch to become a force in the league early on.
McKenzie Meehan seems to always be in the right place on the field at the right time. Paradoxically, she was in the absolute worst spot at the worst time when she sliced her Achilles in a freak accident and was forced to redshirt. Scoring 58 goals in her four years in Boston College, Meehan's career numbers are impressive and she ranks No 1 in program history for goals and points in a program that produced some notable offensive talents. Having played in one of the toughest conferences in the nation also means she's seen some of the best defensive talent the NCAA has to offer as well. Many of the forwards at the top of this year's rankings haven't.
This draft class features not one but two exciting striker prospects from the Ivy League, which is a bit of an oddity. Both Margaret ‘Midge' Purce, of Harvard and Tyler Lussi of Princeton are likely to be selected in this draft. Honestly, both have made a strong case to be included in this list but the edge goes to Purce. A selection to both the U-17 and U-20 World Cup roster in 2012 and 2014, the Maryland native is a known quantity. She's also spent time with the Washington Spirit Reserves helping the team earn a trophy in 2014. She's got quick feet and excels at taking players on. She's also a forward that looks to get in behind defenses, a tactic often used in the NWSL where high pressure is the norm.
NOTES
As noted before there's a lot of goalkeeping talent available in the draft. While there doesn't appear to be much need for keepers at this point, I doubt many would have guessed that five would have been taken in last year's draft. In truth, when it comes to retirements or other player movement sometimes, the need isn't generally known to exist before the draft. See Chantel Jones and Western New York last year. Of course, this isn't limited only to goalkeepers.
Sign of the times? Clemson probably has the strongest crop of draftees out of any team in the ACC. Catrina Atanda, Kailen Sheridan, and Claire Wagner are all likely to be three of the 40 names uttered by Jeff Plush next week. Meanwhile, Florida State who's one of the few teams that's had a player taken in every NWSL draft is in all likelihood going to be shut out.
Rebasing in Git is basically replaying commits on top of each other. But with interactive rebase you are in control of how they should be replayed and what should be done with them. You can re-arrange them, skip them, reword them, edit their changes and squash them together. This is a very powerful tool.
Remember, when you're rebasing you're rewriting history, so I would not advice to do this on a shared branch or on commits that you've already pushed to a remote. I only use this on local commits and branches that I haven't pushed to a remote.
When you go into the interactive rebase menu, you are given the following options:
# p, pick = use commit # r, reword = use commit, but edit the commit message # e, edit = use commit, but stop for amending # s, squash = use commit, but meld into previous commit # f, fixup = like "squash", but discard this commit's log message # x, exec = run command (the rest of the line) using shell
I'm only going to talk about pick, reword, edit, squash and fixup. These are the most common ones. The exec option is for power users.
To start off, the command is git rebase -i <base> where base is the point where you want to replay your commits on to.
So if I have the following commits and I want to change the top 3 commits, I would have to specify 5d255a1 as the base, or HEAD~3 . You can think of the tilde ~ as a minus, so it's basically HEAD minus 3 – which would be 5d255a1 .
* 48f3b48 - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * 390275c - Change 2 * d2f7add - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
So the command would be: git rebase -i HEAD~3 When you enter the command the interface looks something like this:
Notice when you specify a command for each commit, you don't have to write the whole word (e.g. pick), you can just specify p.
If you're not familiar with vim you have to press i to enter insert mode. To exit insert mode press ESC on your keyboard. To save changes and quit, type :wq
So let's dive into the commands.
pick
This is the default option for commits when you enter interactive rebase. This means that you want to replay/use this commit as it is. If I don't want to pick a certain commit, I would just delete the line.
reword
This allows you to change commit messages of commits. But take in notice, by changing the commit message Git needs to re-create the commit (with a new hash). Because Git doesn't change the old commit, it re-creates it and allows you to specify a new commit message for the new commit.
So from the original commit history below:
* 48f3b48 - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * 390275c - Change 2 * d2f7add - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
If I enter git rebase -i HEAD~3 and specify r (reword) infront of 390275c (Change 2) it allows me to change the commit message for 390275c . But after I change the message and finish the rebase, I'm left with this history:
* fd0bfcd - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * bce9b79 - Change 2 - EDIT * d2f7add - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
Take a look at the top two commits, they both have changed. Change 2 now has a new commit message: Change 2 - EDIT and a new hash bce9b79 (was 390275c ). But the commit for Change 3 has the same commit message but a new hash fd0bfcd (was 48f3b48 ). Why is that? Because like I said before, Git created a new commit for Change 2 and because Change 2 is the parent commit of Change 3 it had to create a new commit for Change 3 which points to the re-created Change 2 – EDIT commit.
To explain, take a look at the following picture. This is the graph for our original commit history from above:
After rebasing with reword the graph now looks something like the following:
New commits are red
Because we decided to change the commit message of 390275c (Change 2) Git needed to re-create that commit (now bce9b79 ). Also because the parent of 48f3b48 (old Change 3) was 390275c (old Change 2) Git also needed to re-create that commit (now fd0bfcd ) so its parent would point to the new re-created commit for Change 2 – EDIT ( bce9b79 ).
The important part to know is that the old commits still exist. They're just not in scope because the commit chain changed. master now points to the new commit fd0bfcd , which points to the new commit bce9b79 , which points to d2f7add , which points to 5d255a1 . Then again, if we would point master back to 48f3b48 (original Change 3) the history would be the same as the original. This is why Git is awesome. It's just pointers which you can move around.
edit
This allows you to replay commits, but when you reach the commit which is marked as edit, you tell Git to stop there so you can change that commit. Not only can you change the message, but the content in the commit itself.
Let's take an example. With the original commit history below:
* 48f3b48 - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * 390275c - Change 2 * d2f7add - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
390275c (Change 2) only holds change where I added Line 2 to foo.txt . Let's say I want to add a new file, bar.txt . That's not a problem. Enter git rebase -i HEAD~3 and type e or edit infront of commit 390275c .
Git starts to replay the commits, but when it reaches 390275c it stops and displays the following message:
Stopped at 390275c6f22f2d8dad69a869dff0b4e90ac9e1d3... Change 2 You can amend the commit now, with git commit --amend Once you are satisfied with your changes, run git rebase --continue
To make sure I'm located on 390275c (Change 2) we can type git log --decorate and you can see that the HEAD pointer points to 390275c .
* 390275c - (HEAD) Change 2 * d2f7add - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
Now we create bar.txt , type git add bar.txt to add our new file to the staging area, and then git commit --amend to amend the changes to our commit. We get a window asking us to enter a commit message. I'm gonna add – NEW FILE after Changes 2, save and quit. But we're not done. We're still rebasing and still located on our changed Changes 2 commit. Now we need to tell Git to continue rebasing, by typing git rebase --continue
Now if we check our commit history, we notice Git has created two new commits, 7689b9a and 5c56862 .
* 5c56862 - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * 7689b9a - Change 2 - NEW FILE * d2f7add - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
The same happened as in the reword chapter. Git re-created the commit for Change 2 - NEW FILE because as I said before, Git doesn't change commits, it re-creates them and points them to the old parent.
So the graph would look something like:
New commits are red
Like before, the old commits still exist. They just aren't in scope, because the commit chain has changed.
squash
This allows you to meld commits together, so they are combined into one. Let's take an example. With the original commit history below:
* 48f3b48 - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * 390275c - Change 2 * d2f7add - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
I want to combine d2f7add (Change 1) and 390275c (Change 2) into just one commit.
Enter git rebase -i HEAD~3 and type s or squash infront of commit 390275c . This means Git will meld 390275c (Change 2) into the previous commit – which is d2f7add (Change 1).
Git starts to replay the commits, but when it reaches 390275c it will squash/combine/merge it into d2f7add by creating a new commit and prompting you to enter a new commit message for the new squashed commit. But the cool thing is Git keeps the old commit messages seperated, but if you'd like you can change/add to it. The screen looks something like:
I added a new line that reads Squash. The commit history now looks something like this:
* 7a21e47 - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * b3d489d - Squash * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
The same happened as in to reword and edit chapters. Git created a new commit where the changes from d2f7add (Change 1) and 390275c (Change 2) were combined into b3d489d (Squash). It also created a new commit for Change 3 because the old one was attached to the old Change 2. As I said before, Git doesn't change commits, it creates new ones and re-arranges pointers.
So the new graph should look something like this:
New commits are red
Like before, the old commits still exist. They just aren't in scope, because the commit chain has changed.
fixup
This is exactly like squash but it discards the commit message of the commits you mark with fixup, so it uses the commit message of the commit you squash into.
So with the original commit history below:
* 48f3b48 - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * 390275c - Change 2 * d2f7add - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
I want to combine d2f7add (Change 1) and 390275c (Change 2) into just one commit.
Enter git rebase -i HEAD~3 and type f or fixup infront of commit 390275c . This means Git will meld 390275c (Change 2) into the previous commit – which is d2f7add (Change 1) and keeps the commit message of Change 1.
Then the commit history (after the fixup) should look something like this:
* 7a21e47 - (HEAD -> master) Change 3 * b3d489d - Change 1 * 5d255a1 - Initial commit
Conclusion
Interactive rebase is a very powerful tool if you would like to clean up your history, by re-arranging commits, rewording them, editing them or squashing them together. But be adviced, it rewrites history and creates new commits, so only do this to local commits and branches that you haven't pushed to a remote.
InFocus, a smartphone brand based out of the US, entered India with the InFocus M2. The device was quite good at time of its launch for its price, and consumers quickly noticed it for its value-for-money factor. The company then quickly launched a bunch of devices including the InFocus M2 4G, the InFocus M350, the InFocus M370, the InFocus M530, InFocus M810, and the InFocus M812 with competitive price tags.
Now, the smartphone brand has announced that two of these devices – the InFocus M370 and the InFocus M812 – will receive Android 6.0 Marshmallow update in December 2015. The image shared by the company on social media website states that the M730 and the M812 will receive the update on December 31.
The InFocus M370, which is priced at Rs. 5,999, features a 5-inch HD IPS LCD display, Android 5.1 Lollipop, a quad-core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB internal storage, an 8-megapixel primary camera, a 2-megapixel secondary camera, 4G LTE, and a 2,230 mAh battery. It is commendable that the company is providing Marshmallow update to a smartphone with such modest specifications.
The InFocus M812 on the other hand, which is the company's highest-priced (Rs. 19,990) smartphone in the country, features a 5.5-inch 1080p display, Android 5.0 Lollipop, a Snapdragon 801 processor, 3GB RAM, 16GB internal storage, a microSD card slot, 4G LTE connectivity, and a 2,900 mAh battery.
Donald Trump gives a thumbs-up sign (Shutterstock).
Donald Trump may have won the presidential election, but the scrutiny over his business behavior and ethics is only just beginning.
The Washington Post's David Fahrenthold reports that the Trump Foundation has admitted to breaking rules that prohibit charities from “self-dealing” — i.e., when someone uses funds from their charity to financially benefit themselves, their family or their businesses.
This particular admission was contained in an IRS filing that the Trump Foundation made back in 2015, and it shows that the foundation copped to transferring “income or assets to a disqualified person.” As Fahrenthold notes, such a “disqualified person” might be either Trump himself, one of his immediate family members, or one of his own businesses.”
Unfortunately, this newly unearthed IRS filing is very vague and doesn't contain specific information about the nature and scope of the self-dealing that went on. The Post reported this year that Trump had used his charity's funds to buy life-sized portraits of himself, as well as to pay out settlements incurred from actions taken by Trump's own private companies
Launch loop (not to scale). The red marked line is the moving loop itself, blue lines are stationary cables.
A launch loop or Lofstrom loop is a proposed system for launching objects into orbit using a moving cable-like system situated inside a sheath attached to the Earth at two ends and suspended above the atmosphere in the middle. The design concept was published by Keith Lofstrom and describes an active structure maglev cable transport system that would be around 2,000 km (1,240 mi) long and maintained at an altitude of up to 80 km (50 mi). A launch loop would be held up at this altitude by the momentum of a belt that circulates around the structure. This circulation, in effect, transfers the weight of the structure onto a pair of magnetic bearings, one at each end, which support it.
Launch loops are intended to achieve non-rocket spacelaunch of vehicles weighing 5 metric tons by electromagnetically accelerating them so that they are projected into Earth orbit or even beyond. This would be achieved by the flat part of the cable which forms an acceleration track above the atmosphere.[1]
The system is designed to be suitable for launching humans for space tourism, space exploration and space colonization, and provides a relatively low 3g acceleration.[2]
History [ edit ]
Launch loops were described by Keith Lofstrom in November 1981 Reader's Forum of the American Astronautical Society News Letter, and in the August 1982 L5 News.
In 1982, Paul Birch published a series of papers in Journal of the British Interplanetary Society which described orbital rings and described a form which he called Partial Orbital Ring System (PORS).[3] The launch loop idea was worked on in more detail around 1983–1985 by Lofstrom.[2][4] It is a fleshed-out version of PORS specifically arranged to form a mag-lev acceleration track suitable for launching humans into space; but whereas the orbital ring used superconducting magnetic levitation, launch loops use electromagnetic suspension (EMS).
Description [ edit ]
Launch loop accelerator section (return cable not shown)
A launch loop is proposed to be a structure 2,000 km long and 80 km high. The loop runs along at 80 km above the earth for 2000 km then descends to earth before looping back on itself rising back to 80 km above the earth to follow the reverse path then looping back to the starting point. The loop would be in the form of a tube, known as the sheath. Floating within the sheath is another continuous tube, known as the rotor which is a sort of belt or chain. The rotor is an iron tube approximately 5 cm (2 inches) in diameter, moving around the loop at 14 km/s (31,000 miles per hour).[2]
Ability to stay aloft [ edit ]
When at rest, the loop is at ground level. The rotor is then accelerated up to speed. As the rotor speed increases, it curves to form an arc. The structure is held up by the force from the rotor, which attempts to follow a parabolic trajectory. The ground anchors force it to go parallel to the earth upon reaching the height of 80 kilometers. Once raised, the structure requires continuous power to overcome the energy dissipated. Additional energy would be needed to power any vehicles that are launched.[2]
Launching payloads [ edit ]
To launch, vehicles are raised up on an 'elevator' cable that hangs down from the West station loading dock at 80 km, and placed on the track. The payload applies a magnetic field which generates eddy currents in the fast-moving rotor. This both lifts the payload away from the cable, and pulls the payload along with 3g (30 m/s²) acceleration. The payload then rides the rotor until it reaches the required orbital velocity, and leaves the track.[2]
If a stable or circular orbit is needed, once the payload reaches the highest part of its trajectory then an on-board rocket engine ("kick motor") or other means is needed to circularize the trajectory to the appropriate Earth orbit.[2]
The eddy current technique is compact, lightweight and powerful, but inefficient. With each launch the rotor temperature increases by 80 kelvins due to power dissipation. If launches are spaced too close together, the rotor temperature can approach 770 °C (1043 K), at which point the iron rotor loses its ferromagnetic properties and rotor containment is lost.[2]
Capacity and capabilities [ edit ]
Closed orbits with a perigee of 80 km quite quickly decay and re-enter, but in addition to such orbits, a launch loop by itself would also be capable of directly injecting payloads into escape orbits, gravity assist trajectories past the Moon, and other non closed orbits such as close to the Trojan points.
To access circular orbits using a launch loop a relatively small 'kick motor' would need to be launched with the payload which would fire at apogee and would circularise the orbit. For GEO insertion this would need to provide a delta-v of about 1.6 km/s, for LEO to circularise at 500 km would require a delta-v of just 120 m/s. Conventional rockets require delta-vs of roughly 14 and 10 km/s to reach GEO and LEO respectively.[2]
Launch loops in Lofstrom's design are placed close to the equator[2] and can only directly access equatorial orbits. However other orbital planes might be reached via high altitude plane changes, lunar perturbations or aerodynamic techniques.
Launch rate capacity of a launch loop is ultimately limited by the temperature and cooling rate of the rotor to 80 per hour, but that would require a 17 GW power station; a more modest 500 MW power station is sufficient for 35 launches per day.[2]
Economics [ edit ]
For a launch loop to be economically viable it would require customers with sufficiently large payload launch requirements.
Lofstrom estimates that an initial loop costing roughly $10 billion with a one-year payback could launch 40,000 metric tons per year, and cut launch costs to $300/kg. For $30 billion, with a larger power generation capacity, the loop would be capable of launching 6 million metric tons per year, and given a five-year payback period, the costs for accessing space with a launch loop could be as low as $3/kg.[5]
Comparisons [ edit ]
Advantages of launch loops [ edit ]
Compared to space elevators, no new high-tensile strength materials have to be developed, since the structure resists Earth's gravity by supporting its own weight with the kinetic energy of the moving loop, and not by tensile strength.
Lofstrom's launch loops are expected to launch at high rates (many launches per hour, independent of weather), and are not inherently polluting. Rockets create pollution such as nitrates in their exhausts due to high exhaust temperature, and can create greenhouse gases depending on propellant choices. Launch loops as a form of electric propulsion can be clean, and can be run on geothermal, nuclear, wind, solar or any other power source, even intermittent ones, as the system has huge built-in power storage capacity.
Unlike space elevators which would have to travel through the Van Allen belts over several days, launch loop passengers can be launched to low earth orbit, which is below the belts, or through them in a few hours. This would be a similar situation to that faced by the Apollo astronauts, who had radiation doses 200 times lower than the space elevator would give.[6]
Unlike space elevators which are subjected to the risks of space debris and meteorites along their whole length, launch loops are to be situated at an altitude where orbits are unstable due to air drag. Since debris does not persist, it only has one chance to impact the structure. Whereas the collapse period of space elevators is expected to be of the order of years, damage or collapse of loops in this way is expected to be rare. In addition, launch loops themselves are not a significant source of space debris, even in an accident. All debris generated has a perigee that intersects the atmosphere or is at escape velocity.
Launch loops are intended for human transportation, to give a safe 3g acceleration which the vast majority of people would be capable of tolerating well,[2] and would be a much faster way of reaching space than space elevators.
Launch loops would be quiet in operation, and would not cause any sound pollution, unlike rockets.
Finally, their low payload costs are compatible with large-scale commercial space tourism and even space colonisation.
Difficulties of launch loops [ edit ]
A running loop would have an extremely large amount of energy in its linear momentum. While the magnetic suspension system would be highly redundant, with failures of small sections having essentially no effect, if a major failure did occur the energy in the loop (1.5×1015 joules or 1.5 petajoules) would be approaching the same total energy release as a nuclear bomb explosion (350 kilotons of TNT equivalent), although not emitting nuclear radiation.
While this is a large amount of energy, it is unlikely that this would destroy much of the structure due to its very large size, and because most of the energy would be deliberately dumped at preselected places when the failure is detected. Steps might need to be taken to lower the cable down from 80 km altitude with minimal damage, such as parachutes.
Therefore, for safety and astrodynamic reasons, launch loops are intended to be installed over an ocean near the equator, well away from habitation.
The published design of a launch loop requires electronic control of the magnetic levitation to minimise power dissipation and to stabilise the otherwise under-damped cable.
The two main points of instability are the turnaround sections and the cable.
The turnaround sections are potentially unstable, since movement of the rotor away from the magnets gives reduced magnetic attraction, whereas movements closer gives increased attraction. In either case, instability occurs.[2] This problem is routinely solved with existing servo control systems that vary the strength of the magnets. Although servo reliability is a potential issue, at the high speed of the rotor, very many consecutive sections would need to fail for the rotor containment to be lost.[2]
The cable sections also share this potential issue, although the forces are much lower.[2] However, an additional instability is present in that the cable/sheath/rotor may undergo meandering modes (similar to a Lariat chain) that grow in amplitude without limit. Lofstrom believes that this instability also can be controlled in real time by servo mechanisms, although this has never been attempted.
Competing and similar designs [ edit ]
In works by Alexander Bolonkin it is suggested that Lofstrom's project has many non-solved problems and that it is very far from a current technology.[7][8][9] For example, the Lofstrom project has expansion joints between 1.5 meter iron plates. Their speeds (under gravitation, friction) can be different and Bolonkin claims that they could wedge in the tube;[citation needed] and the force and friction in the ground 28 km diameter turnaround sections are gigantic. In 2008,[10] Bolonkin proposed a simple rotated close-loop cable to launch the space apparatus in a way suitable for current technology.
Another project, the space cable, is a smaller design by John Knapman that is intended for launch assist for conventional rockets and suborbital tourism. The space cable design uses discrete bolts rather than a continuous rotor, as with the launch loop architecture. John Knapman has also mathematically shown that the meander instability can be tamed.[11]
The skyhook is another launch system concept. Skyhook could be either rotating or non-rotating. The non-rotating skyhook hangs from a low Earth orbit down to just above the Earth's atmosphere (skyhook cable is not attached to Earth).[12] The rotating skyhook changes this design to decrease the speed of the lower end; the entire cable rotates around its center of gravity. The advantage of this is an even greater velocity reduction for the launch vehicle flying to the bottom end of the rotating skyhook which makes for an even larger payload and a lower launch cost. The two disadvantages of this are: the greatly reduced time available for the arriving launch vehicle to hook up at the lower end of the rotating skyhook (approximately 3 to 5 seconds), and the lack of choice regarding the destination orbit.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Thank You
Posted September 20, 2016 at 11:31 pm
Blaster Nation began in 2011 as a way for Leslie and I to kill time as we desperately searched for new jobs. Never in our lives did we think that this comic would last one year, let alone five. Hell, maybe that's kind of evident now. Seriously though, Blaster Nation has been a wild ride for us, and hopefully for you, too. This simple slice-of-life comic about horrible nerds has resonated with so many people across the web and changed our lives in ways we could never imagine. This has been an amazing experience and we have so many people to thank for this. Buckle up, baby, because we're starting this credits roll with the special thanks.
Thank you Chron for setting up this site way back when. I don't know what you're doing now, but I hope you're doing well.
Thank you Lemonfont and Andromalin for being our first webcomic allies and helping us so much in our early days.
Thank you Joseph Stillwell for being the greatest boss we could ever ask for and supporting us all these years.
Thank you Chloe C. for recommending us to Jojo in the first place. Such a kind gesture has changed our lives so much, and we'll always be thankful.
Thank you Erin Burt, Isabelle Melancon, Megan Lavey-Heaton, Kisai, and all Hiveworks staff that have kept this site afloat this entire time. Couldn't have done anything without you guys.
Thank you Drew Mears, Toebone, Cameron Towne, Andrew Janson, and Gautam Behal, our greatest fans.
Thank you to all of our great guest comic artists: Kevfu, Chalmers & Vorked, Megan Beals, Mr. Hoisington, Jeanne Thorton, Simon Dickie, Zack Morrison, Scotty, Louie & Brad, Kyatt, Talon, Ethan Catt, Tavo Duarte, Zack Turner & Josh Breidbart, Eric Flint, and Psudonym & Gunwild. Good luck on all of your projects.
Thank you Freeglass for your awesome inks and guest comics. You were a dream to work with.
Thank you Nalem and Spanio, both for the terrific guest comics and for being the best roommates we've ever had.
Thank you Nerfnow for being such a big fan and showering us with weird Ash-related fanart.
Thank you to all of our real-life friends who served as the inspiration for these characters. You know who you are, and you know you're the best.
Thank you Maggie, Leslie's greatest friend and our unofficial mascot chihuahua. We hope you had a wonderful life.
Thank you to our families, for supporting and reading this comic even when it's weird and gross. Hopefully one day we'll make a comic that makes sense to you guys. (Not the adult one though, don't read that)
Thank you /co/ for...well, being /co/.
And of course, our biggest thanks to the most important person of all...
You.
Thank you for reading. Thank you for commenting. Thank you for helping with our Kickstarter. Thank you for telling your friends. Thank you for buying our stuff. Thank you for laughing at our jokes. Thank you for cringing at our characters' embarrassing moments. Thank you for getting wrapped up in their drama. Thank you for telling us how much you liked our comic. Thank you for pointing out what was wrong with it. Thank you for getting involved. Thank you for your fan art. Thank you for your fan fiction. Thank you for loving, hating, and/or relating to Matt, Dan, Kim, Rinnie, Ash, Derrick, Hai, Melissa, Curt, Jenny, and Tort. Thank you for stopping by our synchtube parties and streams. Thank you for all the time you've spent with our comic. Thank you for following our lives across these five years.
Because of you, we were able to quit our jobs and do these comics for a living. We started a crazy successful Kickstarter and had our very own book printed. We got married. We started a second comic. We left our hometown and moved to beautiful northern Kentucky. Our lives have changed so much, all for the better. All because of you.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
This isn't goodbye, obviously. Leslie and I want to do comics together forever. We'll still be updating The Rock Cocks until completion, but if adult comics aren't your thing, then you won't have to wait long for our next, more worksafe comic. Hopefully, we'll have figured out how to do better endings by then. Either way, we hope you'll continue to follow us throughout our comic-making lives. Please, feel free to follow us on tumblr and both of our twitters. We're always happy to answer questions and keep you updated on everything we're working on.
Well, this is it. This is the end of the blog post. Hell, I doubt I'll ever do another blog post like this again, unless I really wanna bitch about a video game on tumblr. Thanks for sticking with me through all these incomprehensible blog posts of mine, but I'm afraid the crazy train ends here. I suck at goodbyes, but then, like I said, this really isn't goodbye at all, is it?
See you on our next comic!
- Brad and Leslie Brown
Blasting off
“I'm actually a bit shocked that that happened,” Senator Kamala Harris, Democrat of California, said on CNN. “The lack of transparency of having the press in that meeting is troubling.”
The White House defended its original arrangement with the Russian Foreign Ministry. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the deputy press secretary, said it was not unusual to forgo the practice of allowing the press into a meeting when the president was not seeing another head of state. “Proper protocol was followed in this procedure,” she said.
She did not address whether the Russians had been deceitful. But another official said the episode did not bode well for American-Russian relations. And two former Obama officials suggested on Twitter that it posed a security risk. “Deadly serious Q: Was it a good idea to let a Russian gov photographer & all their equipment into the Oval Office?” said Colin H. Kahl, who was national security adviser to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. “No, it was not,” replied David S. Cohen, a former deputy director of the C.I.A.
Michael A. McFaul, a former ambassador to Russia, recalled arranging President Barack Obama's first meeting with Mr. Lavrov in May 2009, which included a traditional “pool spray” for the White House press corps. “They created this problem themselves by not letting everyone in,” he said.
The episode even came up on Thursday in a Senate hearing on threats to American national security. Senator Angus King, an independent from Maine, asked Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, whether his agency had been consulted “in terms of the risk of some kind of cyberpenetration or communications in that incident.”
Admiral Rogers said he had not, adding, “I'll be honest, I wasn't aware of where the images came from.”
White House officials noted that foreign photographers, including those from state-owned news agencies, are routinely admitted into the Oval Office for meetings with the president and foreign leaders. Their equipment is scanned and searched by the Secret Service, and the Oval Office is regularly swept for eavesdropping devices.
While it's no secret that keeping up with the world's demand for seafood puts terrible strain on ocean ecosystems, it turns out that fish aren't the only species feeling the pinch from overfishing. On the heels of a recent study which found that fishing nets and hooks in the U.S. kill around 4,600 sea turtles every year off the U.S. coast alone, a new report suggests that seabirds are fairing even worse. According to researchers, the fishing industry may be responsible for inadvertently killing up to 320 thousand birds annually. And the problem is so bad, it could soon drive some bird species to extinction.At the World Conference on Marine Biodiversity this week, researchers from the UK's Royal Society for the Protection of Birds presented the results of a study which found that fishing fleets are clearly not doing enough to minimize the deaths of seabirds. According to a report from The Guardian, fishing nets and baited lines, many of which trawl over dozens of miles of ocean, have quietly been killing hundreds of thousands of birds.
Some species, such as several endangered albatross, are thought to have been driven to near extinction due to these irresponsible fishing techniques -- though some fisheries are worse than others.
Their estimates of bird deaths range from about 160,000-320,000, with the Spanish longline fleet fishing the Gran Sol grounds off south-west Ireland potentially killing more than 50,000 birds a year (mostly shearwaters and fulmars), and the Japanese tuna fleet killing 20,000 birds a year, seriously affecting albatross populations. Orea Anderson, policy officer for the programme and lead author of the study: "It is little wonder that so many of the affected seabird species are threatened with extinction - their slow rate of reproduction is simply incapable of compensating for losses on the scale this study has demonstrated."
Although there may be no way to ensure that birds, protected or otherwise, won't continue to be killed in fishing lines and nets, wildlife experts say that there are measures the industry can take to reduce the numbers. By making some small changes, like weighing down the nets or even just trawling at night, experts say that bird deaths could be minimized.
This, of course, is just the latest evidence which seems to indicate that our insatiable hunger for seafood is having disastrous impact on marine ecosystems which are gradually become drained of life from overfishing. The worst part of all, perhaps, is that in pursuit of feeding the estimated 1 billion people who rely on fish in their daily diets, the oceans are brought one step closer to the point where they can feed no one.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook.
More on Overfishing
Overfishing 101: How We're Fishing the Oceans Dry
Global Fisheries Hit by Climate Change and Overfishing
Overfishing and Trawlers Drain the Ocean of Life
Roman Catholics worldwide are today reeling following the Pope's shock decree that condoms might not be such a bad idea after all, particularly if it means the possibility of preventing the birth of temperamentally unstable narcissists like Donald Trump.
After prayerful consideration following Trump's visit to the Vatican, and a fair amount of common sense, the esteemed head of the Roman Catholic Church announced to his stunned followers that condoms and other forms of contraception are now totally acceptable for use as they could potentially minimise the chance of conceiving future maniacal tyrants with tiny fingers and restless, grabby hands.
Speaking in a live television broadcast from the Vatican he announced, “Even the AIDS epidemic of the 1980s wasn't quite enough to make us change our traditional stance on contraception, but meeting Donald Trump in person? That sealed the deal.”
His Holiness continued, “Whilst it is true that every sperm has the potential to create life and is therefore sacred, it is worth considering that some sperm has the potential to create an absolutely monstrous narcissist hell-bent on world domination.”
He added, “Just think, if only Fred and Mary Anne Trump had popped a rubber johnny on when they got down to it on that fateful evening around 71 years ago, the world would be facing a much brighter future now.
“Also, condoms are not as messy as the traditional withdrawal method, which will come as a relief to Roman Catholic ladies worldwide who are fed up with being glazed like an iced bun at the climax of intercourse.”
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The text message came as Flavia Cabral walked to a McDonald's restaurant in Manhattan for her 6 p.m. shift on a May evening. It was from her manager. Business was slow and she was not needed.
McDonald's employee Ashley Bruce poses in front of the restaurant where she works in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. July 13, 2017. REUTERS/John Gress
Cabral said she was not too surprised. Her work hours fluctuate almost weekly, though losing an entire shift at the last minute happens only once every few months. This time the canceled shift took a $63 bite out of her average $350 gross weekly earnings from two part-time jobs.
“Every week you're guessing how much money you're going to get and how many days you're going to work,” said Cabral, 53, who has been employed at McDonald's for four years.But a measure of relief is coming for Cabral and 65,000 other New York City fast-food workers whose schedules and incomes often change with little or no notice.
New York recently became the largest U.S. city to require fast-food restaurants to schedule workers at least two weeks in advance, or pay them extra for changes.
The law, which the restaurant industry vigorously opposed, also requires employers to allow 11-hour breaks between shifts, offer part-time staff additional work before hiring new employees, and pay retail workers to be “on call.” It takes effect late this year.
McDonald's Corp did not respond to a request for comment.
Nationwide, the issue of scheduling is becoming a new battleground in the fight to boost living standards for low-paid workers, waged largely by the “Fight for $15” movement. The five-year-old, union-backed initiative has already helped convince many jurisdictions, including New York state, to raise minimum wages.
In Oregon, a bill that would set regular scheduling for workers at large food service, hospitality and retail companies is awaiting the governor's signature. Similar bills are pending in five other states.
Not only do fluctuate schedules wreak havoc with tight household budgets, they make it difficult to make appointments, arrange child care and plan family time, workers point out.
The restaurant industry vigorously opposed the New York City law. Combined with higher minimum wages, scheduling requirements will eventually cripple some fast-food outlets, which mostly operate on thin profit margins of 1.5 to 3 percent, it says.
With a business model based on offering workers entry-level opportunities, not living wages, fast-food restaurants need flexible scheduling to survive, said industry advocate Louis Meyer, who runs fast-food operations at New Jersey-based Briad Group.
“There's no way you can stay in business,” said Meyer, whose company employs 1,000 workers at about two dozen franchised Wendy's and TGI Friday's in New York. “It's like having a disease. It's going to get you sooner or later.”
Workers at McDonald's, whose restaurants are mostly franchised, said weekly schedules are usually posted a day or two before they take effect. Still, they say they are often told at the last minute not to come to work or to punch out early.
“You could only have been on the clock for two hours and they'll tell you to go home,” said Ashley Bruce, 22, who has worked for four years at a McDonald's on Chicago's South Side. The Chicago City Council is considering a scheduling bill that would cover 450,000 hourly workers.
Variable scheduling began cropping up in the 1970s as companies sought to maximize profits to better attract investors, according to University of Chicago Associate Professor Susan Lambert, who studies scheduling practices.
“They're really looking at those labor budgets,” she said. “So, that puts enormous pressure on managers to really keep close track of how many hours you're using and how sales are going.”
Some use sophisticated “workforce optimization systems” to analyze sales, weather and other factors to determine how few workers they need to remain profitable at a given moment, Lambert said.
Although fluctuating schedules affect mostly lower paid workers, it is a management strategy that is starting to affect higher paid jobs as well, as companies seek to transfer the risk of unsteady revenue to their employees.
Flavia Cabral, a McDonald's employee, poses for a portrait in New York City, U.S., July 14, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
The New York City scheduling law was passed with strong support from unions, including Local 32BJ of the Service Employees International Union, even though almost all fast-food workers are not unionized.
But Local 32BJ President Hector Figueroa said winning scheduling rights for fast-food workers also helps his union's 90,000 building service workers.
“Our members enjoy these rights under the contract,” he said. “But if other workers don't enjoy them, it's just a matter of time for an employer in a building or in a cleaning company to say, ‘Wait a minute, why do you guys need advance notice of scheduling?'”
Aussies Blow Lid Off BP Gulf Oil-Corexit Deaths, 'Health Catastrophe' Cover-Up
% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.
Australia's 60 Minutes national television program has become the first major media to expose the truth that BP's oil and Corexit, that the petrochemical-military-industrial complex (PMIC) carpet-bombed Americans along the Gulf of Mexico coast, has caused illness and deaths, a “health catastrophe.”
“When petroleum giant BP spilled millions of litres of crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico three years ago, it was the worst ever offshore oil disaster. Now, this environmental disaster is a health catastrophe,” 60 Minutes says in its Special Report, Crude Solution – Part 1. (Emphasis added)
“It was the world's worst ever oil disaster,” 60 Minutes stated. “To try and break up that slick, vast quantities of chemical dispersant was sprayed on the spill. It seemed to work: The oil disappeared.”
But, people started getting sick, and then, people started dying,” the reported said after 60 Minutes conducted what it calls its special investigation. “Now, this environmental disaster has become a health catastrophe.”
To date, not one American major media television has reported this health catastrophe to the public, as detailed in Vampire of Macondo where this Gulf Operation that began in April 2010 is referred to as chemical genocide.
How can this health catastrophe be happening?
“We are basically being killed from the inside out,” one Gulf Coaster told 60 Minutes. (Watch 60 Mintes video Summary below.)
“How can this be happening?” Len Bahr, PhD asked, the same question being asked across the coast. “How can state and federal officials allow the people they swore to protect to be so abused by a foreign corporation?”
But then, how could Corexit be used to literally carpet bomb the entire stretch of the once pristine, white, fine sand along the Gulf Coast – and everyone anywhere near it?
In 2011, after treating scores of people with Gulf mystery diseases, Dr. Mike Robichaux of south Louisiana said, “If we do not have federal government intervention immediately to manage the health crisis and start treating people and start really cleaning this up appropriately, we're going to have a lot of dead people on our hands.” (Vampire of Macondo, page)
Dr. Mike also divulged that prestigious Ochsner Clinic in New Orleans was possibly complicit in the medical cover up and mistreatment of poisoned patients. (Medical Inhumanity chapter in Vampire of Macondo.)
“I have since interviewed and collected blood samples from patients hailing from Florida, Alabama and the entire Louisiana coast, each with a compelling story about oil exposure and serious illness,” said Dr. Mike, speaking about not only oil-spill “clean-up workers,” but also residents.
“They told us we would not have to wear respirators or anything as a captain because we would not be touching the oil…,” Captain Louis Bahi said, explaining his ordeal as a Vessels Of Opportunity (VOO) oil clean-up worker. “As the job progressed, VOO workers would come in from three miles out, be put into tents, and interrogated.”
He recounted, “They'd ask us some questions, ‘How do you feel today?'”
“We'd tell them and they'd tried to tell us it was seasickness,” he said. “I never remember a time I was seasick. I really don't remember a time I ever got seasick. So that wasn't a plus in my book. There was no wind. It was slick as glass.”
Capt. Louis related the day two men passed out, a story involving similar inhumane treatment that former VOO survivor, Jennifer Rexford, seen in the Vampire of Macondo book trailer above, had described about BP's hidden Gulf Coast death and dying.
“I remember coming in and there were two black guys, not my deck hands directly but they worked for BP – two black guys just passed out on the deck of my boat who just dropped,” Capt. Louis said. “So I had to rush them to emergency services on the jack-up rig. Got them there. Never heard anything else about these guys. I don't know if they ever made it or not because we were supposed to continue doing what we had to do.
“I don't know if they made it or not.”
“Most people in the Gulf region who have become sick or are aware of ‘latent illnesses' from chemical poisoning, are learning that to survive, they must become their own doctor; that there aren't enough Dr. Mikes; that pharmaceuticals and endless rounds of antibiotics are only going to do more damage; that deliberate or incompetent misdiagnoses only add insult to injury; that they're squandering precious resources, or running up bankrupting bills,” New Orleans activist Delia LaBarre wrote.
“Please, please continue to address this… It was predicted by toxicologists who were last summer at the forefront of lobbying Congress and the EPA to halt spraying chemical dispersants, which continue to be sprayed on coastal shores as well as at sea.”
There will be a heavy toll on human life resultant from the PMIC Gulf Operation, world-renowned oil industry expert and whistleblower, Matthew Simmons had publicly stated — days before his untimely death, less than three months after the onset of the Gulf Operation.
For the Gulf Operation to succeed, it needed a well-financed, broad-reaching PR campaign (propaganda). It needed what Thom Hartmann calls a “well-oiled media that doesn't depend on facts,” (Thom Hartmann, A Well Oiled Machine that Doesn't Depend on Facts, TH Program, 6 April, 2010). That works, since most Americans still believe and even center their lives on TV.
The Gulf Operation involved “pure public relations disinformation designed to avoid panic and demands for greater action by the Obama administration, according to FEMA and Corps of Engineers sources.” (Wayne Madsen, The Coverup: BPs Crude Politics and the Looming Environmental Mega Disaster, 6 May 2010)
In airing Crude Solutions, Australia's 60 Minutes has defied America's PMIC's PR campaign.
Watch Crude Solution here: http://video.au.msn.com/watch/video/crude-solution-part-1/x9vqssi?cpkey=705dfb21-4df9-411f-b787-d94c3941e00e%257c%257c%257c%257c
Watch Crude Solution Summary video here below, courtesy of 60 Minutes and YouTube:
Human Rights news reporter Deborah Dupré is author of “Vampire of Macondo, Life, crimes and curses in south Louisiana that Powerful Forces Don't want you to know,” 450 pages packed with US mainstream media-censored stories about the BP-wrecked Macondo Prospect in the Gulf of Mexico that continues catastrophic human and environmental devastation.
“In ‘Vampire of Macondo', author Deborah Dupre has captured incredible factual detail and has explained the true magnitude of this horrendous Gulf Oil Spill tragedy. Including the Cover ups, Collusion, Human Consequences and the effects on the Environment. A must-read for anyone that wants to know the REAL story!” – Ron Tully (TullyNews.Info)
Follow Dupré on Twitter @DeborahDupre. For interviews, email info@DeborahDupre.com.
Participant Release, Indemnity and Licence Agreement (the "Agreement") Dog Day 2009
(for adult participants with dogs only)
I, the undersigned, fully understand, appreciate and agree that I have voluntarily requested to participate in an event entitled "Dog Day" at Rogers Centre (the "Event"), on July 26, 2009, which will involve my attendance and the attendance of a dog, identified below, for which I accept custody and responsibility (my "Dog"). I understand that the actions of myself or others and our respective pets at the Event may result in anticipated or unanticipated injuries, damage or harm to myself, others and our respective pets, and I hereby voluntarily accept those risks. I represent that my Dog is in good health and good temperament and I also confirm and assure that my Dog has current distemper, hepatitis, parvovirus, parainfluenza (DHPP) and rabies vaccination. I agree to abide by any decision of any Blue Jays official concerning my ability or the ability of my Dog to participate in the Event safely, and I further agree that Blue Jays officials may authorize necessary treatment for myself and/or my Dog.
I hereby willingly and knowingly assume any and all risks associated with my participation in the Event, whether now known or unknown, including, but not limited to, risk of or associated with injury or damage to myself, any other human being, my Dog or any other dog(s), however sustained and whether or not related to illness, traveling to or from the event, falls, contact with spectators at the Event, contact with my Dog or other dogs, the effects of the weather, including extreme temperature or humidity, the condition of any area or part of Rogers Centre, including sidewalks and parking lots, or the manner or method in which the Event is administered. I fully appreciate all of the risks just stated.
I agree to abide by all the rules and instructions given in connection with the Event and acknowledge that I have personally completed this Participant Release, Indemnity and Licence Agreement and the Dog Day "Registration and Ticket Order" and "Notes, Rules and Regulations" forms. I understand that I am solely responsible for the accuracy of the information contained in those documents and do hereby release the parties identified below from any responsibility for verifying the information contained therein, and from any liability whatever that might arise out of a failure to do so.
I, the undersigned, have read this Agreement and hereby acknowledge that I am competent to sign it with full understanding of its content. In consideration for allowing me to participate in the Event with my Dog, I, for myself, my heirs, administrators, next of kin, executors, assigns and anyone acting on my behalf (collectively, the "Releasors") do HEREBY RELEASE AND HOLD HARMLESS, COVENANT NOT TO SUE AND TO FULLY INDEMNIFY AND FOREVER DISCHARGE Rogers Blue Jays Baseball Partnership ("Blue Jays"), Rogers Stadium Limited Partnership ("RSLP"), the constituent partners of both, the Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ("OSPCA"), their respective affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, employees, and representatives, other participants, sponsors, advertisers, any "Dog Day" suppliers, attendees, agents and independent contractors or other personnel in any way assisting or connected with the Event (collectively, the "Releasees"), WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL INJURY, DISABILITY, DEATH, OR LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PERSON OR PROPERTY, AS WELL AS ANY CLAIMS, DEMANDS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF MY PARTICIPATION IN OR ATTENDANCE AT THE EVENT, WHETHER CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF THE RELEASEES OR OTHERWISE.
For valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, I hereby irrevocably grant Blue Jays, RSLP, the constituent partners of both, and the OSPCA (collectively, the "Authorized Parties") the right, licence and permission to record, photograph and/or otherwise document my attendance at and/or participation in the Event (as well as my attendance at and/or participation in any matters ancillary thereto, such as the Blue Jays game played on the date of the Event) by any available means and I acknowledge and agree that I hold no rights in or to any such recordings, photographs or documentation (the "Footage"). I acknowledge and agree that entity creating the Footage will be the first and exclusive owner of the copyright in same and I hereby waive any and all claims to any right, title or interest therein or thereto. I further hereby irrevocably authorize the Authorized Parties to reproduce, display, distribute, transmit, exhibit, alter without restriction and otherwise use my name, voice, image, testimonial, likeness and any and all Footage (collectively, the "Materials") throughout the world and in perpetuity, in all manner and media, whether now known or hereafter devised, including, without limitation, all forms of print and digital media, for promotional, advertising, publicity, trade, commerce and any other lawful purposes, without any liability or obligation to me. I hereby waive all rights of inspection or approval regarding any use of the Materials. I hereby release and discharge the Authorized Parties from any and all claims and demands arising out of or in connection with the use of the Materials, including, without limitation, any and all claims for invasion of privacy, right of publicity or defamation. I warrant and represent that I have the authority to grant the foregoing rights and shall fully indemnify and hold harmless the Authorized Parties in relation thereto.
Some years ago, I began studying the Vedas in Sanskrit as part of an examination of Sri Aurobindo's teachings. It soon became clear to me that historical interpretations of ancient India based upon the Aryan invasion theory, with the idea that the Vedic people came from Central Asia, were incorrect.
I noted over a hundred references to the ocean in the oldest Rig Veda alone, including ships upon the sea and the image of the cosmic ocean. I concluded that Vedic culture, whenever it existed, must have been located by the sea. Naturally, this refuted the idea in history books that the Vedic people were invading nomads from the northwest. This led further research in the field, and caused me a to write number of books on the subject.
Strangely, though my political views were considered to be of the progressive kind in the US, where I resided, I found myself being called a fascist by leftist groups in India merely for opposing the Aryan invasion theory. How following great yogis like Sri Aurobindo made me a "fascist" opened my eyes as to how Indian Marxists deal with dissent. I soon discovered that historical studies in India were dominated by the far left, which had its own investment in power. I learned that other scholars who challenged Marxist historians in India were subject to the same type of personal attacks.
Marxist politics of history
Marxist scholars in India like Romila Thapar and Irfan Habib have, until recently, controlled the interpretation of ancient India at an institutional level. Being Marxists, there is naturally little of yoga or dharma in their views, and not much regard for any indigenous tradition of India. Chinese communists similarly rejected the Dalai Lama and Chinese Buddhism as fascist.
Also read: Irfan Habib needs an SRK the way a Romila Thapar needs a Deepika Padukone
Marxists dictated historical studies in communist and socialist countries like the Soviet Union and China, using history for propaganda to promote class warfare, which became caste warfare in India. Today Marxist historians have been removed from power in Russia, which has gone back to honouring its Tsars, and the Chinese are taking up Confucius and Buddhism. It is time for India's Marxist historians to go the way of history as well.
These same Marxist intellectuals have ignored solid archaeological evidence, like the work of Prof BB Lal, former director of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), who similarly found a Vedic connection with ancient India. They have tried to ignore and discredit the work of the Geological Survey of India (GSI) and its extensive data on ancient river systems according to which the Vedic Saraswati river dates from before 2000 BCE and was the main centre of civilisation in the country.
Marxists have rejected such scholarly views that opposed their historical theories primarily on political grounds, not owing to their own research in archaeology or geology. Almost every scholar, in the East or West, who has questioned the Marxist view of ancient India has been subject to political, if not personal defamation by the same leftist scholars who today portray themselves as the victims of intolerance. They have not been the victims but rather the perpetrators of intolerance for decades.
Also read - This regime is worrying us: Historians' statement against intolerance
Marxism is not an approach based upon reason or cultural sensitivity but puts political ideology above the pursuit of knowledge. It lacks the deeper insight necessary to understand India's great civilisation and its dharmic traditions.
Behind the charge of intolerance
So when Indian Marxists speak of intolerance, particularly relating to historical issues, we must take a good look at their own biases and their efforts to suppress evidence and inhibit any scholarship that does not agree with them.
A few years ago, I was part of a conference explaining the Vedic view of ancient India at the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), the hotbed of Marxist thought in India. At the end of the session, one of the students stated that our conference had presented a convincing case as to why ancient India was Vedic, but emphasised that such information "should be suppressed, even if it is true, because it is advantageous to Hindu political groups".
We see the same mentality today. It is not a question of truth but loss of power and patronage that motivates the charge of intolerance from eminent Marxist historians.
Audra McDonald Rips Indiana Governor Over Law
The Broadway singer and actress tweeted her disgust with the newly passed Religious Freedom Restoration Act in Indiana.
Audra McDonald has one of the most beautiful voices in the world — and she's using it to speak out against antigay legislation.
The Broadway star sent a series of messages through Twitter to Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, after he signed the controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act Thursday morning.
Called a "license to discriminate" by activists, the law emboldens individuals and businesses to refuse service to LGBT people — or anyone else who allegedly offends a citizen's sincerely held religious belief.
On the phone w/@united so long I forgot what year it was, then saw the law Indiana Gov.Pence just signed & remembered...It's 1950 #NOHATE — Audra McDonald (@AudraEqualityMc) March 26, 2015
There have been several immediate examples of backlash from the signing of the act, including concern from the NCAA, which is scheduled to have a Final Four game take place in Indianapolis next week, as well as George Takei, who is calling for a boycott.
McDonald, a prominent LGBT activist who works to raise funds for homeless youth, has joined the chorus of dissenters. The six-time Tony Award winner has a performance scheduled April 7 in Bloomington, and she expressed her concern and outrage that members of her band, as well as herself, would be discriminated against for the sake of "religious liberty."
"Some in my band are gay & we have 2 gigs in your state next month. Should we call ahead to make sure the hotel accepts us all? or could you maybe send us a list of where It's okay for us to go? Might the law apply to me?(I'm black). or maybe I should fire my gay band members just to be on the safe side," she wrote. "Or MAYBE...we need to stick to singing in states that don't legislate hate?"
McDonald considered a boycott, but ultimately announced that proceeds from her Indiana concert would be donated to LGBT rights groups. See the remarks below.
.@GovPenceIN Some in my band are gay & we have 2 gigs in your state next month. Should we call ahead to make sure the hotel accepts us all? — Audra McDonald (@AudraEqualityMc) March 26, 2015
.@GovPenceIN or could you maybe send us a list of where It's okay for us to go? Might the law apply to me?(I'm black). — Audra McDonald (@AudraEqualityMc) March 26, 2015
.@GovPenceIN or maybe I should fire my gay band members just to be on the safe side. — Audra McDonald (@AudraEqualityMc) March 26, 2015
.@GovPenceIN Or MAYBE...we need to stick to singing in states that don't legislate hate? — Audra McDonald (@AudraEqualityMc) March 26, 2015
.@GovPenceIN Or MAYBE I donate the money I make in your state while Im there to organizations that will combat your hateful legislation. — Audra McDonald (@AudraEqualityMc) March 26, 2015
.@GovPenceIN Yep. That's what I'll do. Hey @HRC get ready for a little money coming your way from Indiana via me to you! Have at it! — Audra McDonald (@AudraEqualityMc) March 26, 2015
This episode of Archispeak is sponsored by:
ARCAT: Search the ARCAT libraries for architectural building products to find specifications, CAD details, BIM Objects and more, free of charge, with no registration required to download content. ARCAT has created a website devoted to you, the building professional, to find building product information fast and hassle free. Check out ARCAT today, at ARCAT.com.
Would you like to sponsor Archispeak? It's easy! Visit our "Sponsorship" page for more information.
Connect with Archispeak
Between episodes, join the conversation with Archispeak on Twitter and Facebook and share your thoughts or call and tell us your story on the Archispeak Helpline at (415) 484-8496. Like the show? Please rate it on iTunes.
Friend of the Show
The show is also supported by our listeners. Your generous donations keep the show going by paying for all the infrastructure it takes to make it possible. Become a “Friend of the Show” by donating at least $5 and you will get your name read on the next episode.
Episode 100 Friend of the Show
We truly thank you for your support! We couldn't do it without you. Would you consider supporting us? It's easy! Visit our “Donate” page.
Links
Note: All links open in a new window in case you are listening to the podcast on the site.
Music
The music for this episode is Karate by System Kid. You can buy their music on iTunes. Support the band!
The conflict between the U.S. and Russia over Ukraine is escalating rapidly. But the warfare is mostly rhetorical and financial.
Earlier this month, after the U.S moved to impose sanctions on top Russian officials and bar Russia from the G-8, Russia's stock market plummeted and the value of its currency, the ruble, fell against the dollar. In response, Putin adviser Serge Glazyev said Russia would strike back through financial means. “We hold a decent amount of Treasury bonds—more than $200 billion—and if the United States dares to freeze accounts of Russian businesses and citizens, we can no longer view America as a reliable partner,” Glazyev said earlier this month, per this Barron's report. “We will encourage everybody to dump U.S. Treasury bonds, get rid of dollars as an unreliable currency, and leave the U.S. market.”
And new data released this week suggests there might be some action behind this rhetoric.
Here's what happened: Russia's central bank, like every other, has a lot of dollars. It's not because we have a huge trade relationship, but rather because people around the world pay for oil—one of Russia's main exports—in the U.S. currency. “They get paid for their oil in dollars,” said David Solin, a partner at Foreign Exchange Analytics in Essex, Connecticut. Russia takes those dollars and buys safe U.S. government bonds. Those bonds in turn are held in custody accounts at the New York Federal Reserve Bank in lower Manhattan. The Fed keeps the account secure and makes sure investors get their interest payments. (Many foreign central banks also keep their gold in the basement of the New York Fed.)
Every Wednesday afternoon, the Fed releases data showing the aggregate amount of Treasury securities that sits in this account. And typically, they rise over time. Because the U.S. runs deficits, it creates hundreds of billions of government bonds every year. And foreign central banks are reliable buyers of this debt. Over the course of the 2013, the sum rose from $2.885 trillion to about $3.02 trillion, an increase of about $130 billion.
But in the last couple of weeks, there's been a sharp, unexpected drop in the amount of U.S. government bonds the Fed is holding for foreign accounts. From $3.02 trillion in December, the total fell to $2.973 trillion on February 26, to $2.959 trillion on March 5, and $2.855 trillion on March 12. That's a decline of $104 billion in one week, or 3.5 percent, and a fall of $118 billion in two weeks. According to the Wall Street Journal, total foreign Treasury holdings at the Fed are at a 15-month low. (The releases can be seen here.)
That's anomalous.
The New York Fed doesn't divulge information on individual accounts and countries, and won't comment. But the Treasury Department's Treasury International Capital system tallies foreign ownership of U.S. debt by country. In January, Russia, according to this data, had about $165 billion in U.S. government bonds. Unfortunately, TIC reports have a six-week time lag. So we won't get data on Russia's March holdings until two months from now.
Now, the decline in custody holdings over the last couple of months is roughly equal to Russia's holdings as of January. And no other central bank has announced a dramatic shift in its holdings of U.S. government debt.
That leaves two possibilities. Either Russia sold the bonds, and converted the cash back into rubles, Euros, or another currency. Or, it simply moved the bonds away from the Fed to a different custodial account—in Russia, or in the Cayman Islands, or in some offshore banking center where it would be impossible for the U.S. to freeze it.
Analysts say the latter seems more likely. “It all points to a transfer to custodial holdings offshore, rather than a sale,” said Win Thin, global emerging markets at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York. “If the Russians had dumped the bonds, you would have seen more of a reaction in the bond market.” But over the last couple of weeks, Treasury yields have remained very low.
We would have also expected for a huge sale to create a big ripple in the currency markets. Selling a lot of dollar-denominated assets and converting them into rubles or other currencies would have had the effect of strengthening the ruble against the dollar, notes David Solin of Foreign Exchange Analytics. Instead, the ruble has weakened significantly against the dollar in recent weeks.
Whether Russia has sold its holdings or simply moved them out of reach of U.S. officials, it highlights two key points.
First, Russia can't inflict much damage on the U.S. financially with rhetoric, or with unilateral action. Russia's holdings are a small portion of the amount of debt outstanding. China ($1.2 trillion) and Japan ($1.1 trillion) each have six times as many Treasury holdings as Russia. Brazil, Taiwan, and Switzerland, also have more than Russia. Russia accounts for only three percent of total foreign holdings of U.S. debt.
Second, any move that actually hurts the dollar would wind up hurting Russia sooner rather than later. Because there's no way Putin can foreswear using the greenback. Despite the war of words, Russia continues to harvest dollars thanks to its continuing sales of oil. “It's really hard for Russia to move away from the dollar,” said Win Thin of Brown Brothers Harriman. “It's just the way their economy is.”
Blue Zones are only found in five key area of the world as depicted in this graphic. Illustration via bluezones.com.
Not all regions of the world are created equal when it comes to the health and longevity of its population. There are certain parts of the world where people live longer than anywhere else. They are known as blue zones.
The blue zones concept comes from work first done by researchers Gianni Pes and Michel Poulain, who discovered that Sardinia, Italy's Nuoro province, had the highest concentration of male centenarians — those who live to be 100 or older. Author and educator Dan Buetter took the ball and ran with it from there, identifying other areas besides Sardinia where people were living longer than elsewhere: Icaria, Greece; Nicoya, Costa Rica; and Okinawa, Japan. The Seventh Day Adventists in Loma Linda, Calif., have also been included in the blue zone phenomenon.
Certain common characteristics have been found in these regions, and understanding them and acting upon that knowledge can help us to create a healthier, longer life for ourselves no matter where we live.
Diet, lifestyle choices
Unsurprisingly, what you put into your body has a big impact on how healthy you are and how long you live. Those living in blue zones tend to have mostly vegetarian diets. Meat is not eaten frequently, and when it is, it is most often lean meat and fish, not red meat which is less healthy. Legumes and beans are also frequent menu items.
- - - advertisement - - -
Moderate caloric intake is also recommended, as is moderate alcohol intake. Not overdoing it when it comes to high calorie foods and alcoholic beverages is key.
Staying away from cigarettes and hard drugs will also go a long way in keeping you healthier longer. So too will maintain an active lifestyle. Individuals from blue zones tend to practice regular physical activity, which is a part of their everyday life. Try to exercise regularly, especially if your work requires you to be sedentary for hours at a time. You might also try to get up and walk around while at work every couple of hours to break up the time you spend sitting still.
Community
Those living in blue zones also tend to have more supportive communities in which they live and work, including stronger familial bonds. Family is put ahead of other concerns, such as status and money.
This can be a sticking point for some in the LGBT community, who may experience a higher rate of rejection from family and associates than the general population. In these instances, it is important to find a chosen family of friends and supporters.
- - - advertisement - - -
“Being able to have and find people who are pro you, no matter what community you are in, is super important,” says Dr. Pearl Wong, of New Leaf Counseling Group, LLC, in Charlotte, N.C. Wong's clientele includes many in the LGBT community.
The more we feel connected, the greater our chances of increased mental health, which should lead to healthier lifestyle choices. It also helps ensure health by providing individuals with a network they can turn to when they are sick or dealing with a prolonged illness.
Purpose
Lastly, finding one's purpose in life is essential. Without purpose, not only is it harder to find a reason to go on, but it makes living a long time all but pointless.
“Everyone is born with intuitive abilities,” says life coach and motivational speaker Jonathan Winn. “Some of us are born better at it than others. Just like singing, where there are some natural born talents, all of us can learn to sing. All of us can learn to listen to our own inner guidance. This is spirit communicating through us and all we have to do is listen.”
A life lived out of purpose, as opposed to fear, insecurity or mere instinct, creates better mental health and can result in an increase in energy and productivity.
Conclusion
While we cannot all live in blue zones, we can begin to bring the blue zone mentality and lifestyle into our own lives. Keeping these main concepts in mind while shaping one's life may not result in a longer life — individual results may vary, as they say — but it will certainly increase your chances and will at the very least make the time you do spend on this planet, whatever city you call home, healthier and more meaningful.
10 SHARES Facebook Twitter
- - - advertisement - - -
Posted by Jeff Taylor is a journalist and artist. In addition to QNotes, his work has appeared in publications such The Charlotte Observer, Creative Loafing Charlotte, Inside Lacrosse, and McSweeney's Internet Tendency. He graduated from the State University of New York at Brockport and has lived in Charlotte since 2006.
Nearly 1.9 million homes in the United States would be flooded if the seas rose six feet.
Despite record-warm years and some crops already reacting to unusual shifts in the weather, climate change for many people remains an issue for the future. That future came a little closer this year, when scientists studying Antarctic ice loss reported that if carbon emissions continue unabated, sea levels could rise six feet this century — significantly higher than previous predictions of a two-foot rise by the year 2100.
If the oceans rose six feet today, 1.87 million homes in the United States valued at $882 billion would be flooded by seawater, according to a Zillow Research analysis using data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
Roughly half of them — 934,411 homes, worth $413 million — are in Florida.
Doug Aschenbach, a retiree from Ohio who lives in a Fort Lauderdale high-rise, figures it would take fewer than six feet of water to have a significant impact in his area. Indeed, Zillow's analysis shows Fort Lauderdale is the U.S. city that would have the most homes underwater — more than 38,000 — if the ocean rose six feet.
“On the one hand, I joke that I'm on the 16th floor, so I'll be okay,” he said. “But on the other, our building has an underground parking garage right on the beach, so there are infrastructure issues.”
Aschenbach is heartened that these predictions are for decades into the future. “As long as city officials and others are thinking about them now, I view that as a good sign, because it will happen so gradually that there could be solutions to prevent a catastrophe.”
Cities get ready
Some areas are preparing in a big way. Miami Beach, where nearly 37,500 homes would be affected, plans to spend a half-billion dollar over the next several years to install pumps and raise roads and sea walls. So-called “king tides” already are causing more damage there than they used to, The Miami Herald reported.
In New York City, almost 32,000 homes would take on water with a six-foot rise. Climate science “fundamentally calls into question New York's existence,” a former head of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey told Rolling Stone.
The city plans to break ground next year on a barrier system (known as “the Big U”) meant to protect lower Manhattan. It will start with “an undulating 10-foot-high steel-and-concrete-reinforced berm” running about two miles along the East River.
That sort of wall suits Manhattan, which is built on granite bedrock, said climate impact scientist Benjamin Strauss at Climate Central, a nonprofit news organization that reports on climate science. (Its online Surging Seas Risk Finder shows what effect rising waters will have on U.S. coastlines. By plugging in cities and postal codes, people can gauge which areas would be soaked at various water levels.)
Despite the risks, Strauss thinks “Manhattan will be with us for a long time. There are so many assets concentrated in such a small area that I'm sure people will invest heavily to protect it.”
South Florida might not be so fortunate, because its bedrock is porous. If sea levels permanently rose six feet or more, water would push through the rock like a sponge, Strauss said. “You can't build a wall across the top of a sponge and keep water from getting from one side to the other.”
That makes it likely, Strauss said, that a lot of people will have to leave southern Florida. He recently told the U.S. Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources that high-end projections for this century would turn Miami-Dade County into a “collection of islands.”
Constantly moving shores
Migrations caused by rising sea levels would create a paradigm shift from a world with stable shores to one with moving shores, Strauss said. “And they're going to keep moving for centuries.”
He also pointed out that ports all over the world are at sea level. “Europe has been rocked by a migration crisis the last couple of years, but that's very small compared to what the world is likely to see if the sea-level rise continues to accelerate.”
While some land loss is inevitable, and is already happening in places like Louisiana, humans still appear to have the capacity to minimize how much and how quickly the seas rise.
For example, the new study predicting a potential six-foot rise by the end of the century said scenario is possible if carbon emissions continue unabated. Reducing emissions to zero over the next 50 to 60 years, however, would likely keep the increase closer to two feet.
There's nothing in place that calls for such drastic measures, but Strauss remains hopeful.
“Just as there are scary tipping points in the climate system, there are things that could change much more quickly than we expect with technology and economic tipping points,” he said. If solar power suddenly became cheaper to produce than power from existing plants, “that would cause a much more rapid shift than anything anyone is talking about in global [climate] negotiations.”
Financial impact
While it's possible to calculate the value of the homes that would be flooded by a six-foot rise in the oceans, it's difficult to surmise the real-world impact.
Insurance companies tend to cover property using annual contracts, so they are more focused on the short term — for example, how climate change may affect current weather patterns, such as droughts, hail, tornadoes, hurricanes and heavy rains.
Reinsurers look at the bigger picture. Because they essentially insure insurance companies, the risk they take on for any given natural disaster can be considerably higher than a single insurer's risk.
Asked about the predictions of seas rising six feet, Dennis Burke, vice president of state relations at the Reinsurance Association of America said, “If that happens, there will be parts of the country that are uninhabitable. That should be a concern to all of us, particularly with the shifts in demographics where more people are moving toward the coast because it's a nice place to live.”
“The industry is in touch with NOAA, and understands that the science indicates there will be rising sea levels, said Burke, who also spoke at a climate risk summit this summer in Washington State.
“Fortunately, the predicted sea-level rise gives us time to prepare. Individuals and society need to think about how and where to build — and to what height, and with what building techniques and materials,” Burke said.
While there will still be risk, the insurance industry stands ready to aid homeowners. “Reinsurers have the capacity to insure natural catastrophes, including floods, and are eager to help insurers and society manage risk to give consumers peace of mind that they can rebuild their lives if necessary,” Burke said.
Related:
PHILADELPHIA (WTXF)- Police believe an intruder took a 5-year-old girl from her North Philadelphia home overnight Tuesday and kicked her until she was semiconscious. Police are describing this as a single incident.
“It's a parent's worst nightmare,” said the victim's mother, Vyenka Hopkins.
Captain John Darby of the Special Victims unit says that the mother discovered the girl was missing from her bed and soon found her in the yard. According to police, 5-year-old Cynia was found Tuesday morning with a broken jaw, skull fractures and abdominal bruises. She is in stable condition at a hospital.
Police believe the attacker entered the house through a first floor window. The girl told police that she got up during the night and was walking in the hallway when a man came from behind the closet door, took her and carried her outside of the property, according to police. She stated that the man began to kick and punch her. According to Darby, the semiconscious child was dumped by the home.
Police say the girl was not sexually assaulted. They hope to identify an attacker based on DNA retrieved from the scene.
Source: FOX
Lawsuit could reach the U.S. Supreme Court.
By Brett Walton, Circle of Blue
In a ruling with substantial importance for water management in the American West, a U.S. appeals court upheld a lower court's decision that an Indian tribe in California's Coachella Valley has a right to groundwater beneath its reservation.
A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit determined on March 7 that when the federal government established a reservation in 1876 for the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians — on arid land without the endowment of significant rivers or streams — water was part of the deal. The existence of the reservation confers to the tribe the right to groundwater, the court concluded.
“The creation of the Agua Caliente Reservation therefore carried with it an implied right to use water from the Coachella Valley aquifer,” Judge Richard Tallman wrote in the 22-page opinion.
The Agua Caliente's lawsuit reflects the growing willingness of Indian tribes to exercise their legal muscle, either by settlement or lawsuit, to protect their access to water supplies. Tribal actions in the 1980s to stake claim to surface water and groundwater through negotiated settlements have now expanded into legal arguments that assert authority over groundwater resources.
The lawsuit could also signal an expansion of federal jurisdiction over groundwater, which to this point, has been largely confined to state law. After an outcry two years ago from western governors and members of Congress, the U.S. Forest Service withdrew a groundwater management directive that some interpreted as encroaching on a state privilege.
The Agua Caliente filed the initial lawsuit in May 2013 against the Coachella Valley Water District and the Desert Water Agency, two water suppliers near Palm Springs that also deliver water to the tribe. The U.S. government later sided with the tribe.
In their decision the Ninth Circuit judges affirmed that the Winters doctrine of reserved water rights, traditionally applied to tribal claims to water from rivers and streams, also applies to groundwater. The Winters doctrine stems from a landmark U.S. Supreme Court case in 1908 that held that when the federal government withdraws land from public use, such as for establishing a reservation, it also sets aside water to meet the purposes of that land.
Federal courts have interpreted the doctrine broadly, using it to secure water for a national forest in New Mexico and prohibit groundwater pumping that was depleting the habitat of an endangered fish in Death Valley National Monument. The latter case was the first time a federal court asserted a reserved right to groundwater.
Local and National Implications
Until the U.S. District Court of the Central District of California ruled in favor of the Agua Caliente on March 20, 2015, only one other federal court had applied the reserved right to a tribe's claim to groundwater. The Ninth Circuit ruling today upheld those precedents for a jurisdiction that covers nine western states.
“At least within the Ninth Circuit, it should settle once and for all the question of whether the Winters doctrine extends to groundwater,” said Reed Benson, a University of New Mexico law professor.
Robert Glennon, a University of Arizona law professor who specializes on water policy, said that the ruling is “a huge first step for Indian water rights in the West.” He said it may influence water rights negotiations for the Navajo and Hopi, desert tribes with few rivers and with two of the largest outstanding claims to water in the western United States. Both tribes are located on land within the Ninth Circuit's jurisdiction. Benson said that he expected the ruling to strengthen tribal negotiating positions in settlements.
Roderick Walston, a lawyer representing the Desert Water Agency, called the ruling “sweeping and broad” and said that it could apply not only to Indian reservations but to national parks, military bases, and other federal reserved lands.
The decision has local implications as well. More water is withdrawn from the Coachella Valley groundwater basin than is sustainable. The valley receives between three and five inches of rain per year. The two water supply agencies recharge the aquifer with water imported from the Colorado River, which is saltier than local groundwater. The Agua Caliente filed its complaint in part to prevent the continued depletion of the aquifer and to play a larger management role. That could mean that the tribe would seek to limit pumping. The water agencies are certainly concerned. In a brief filed with the appeals court last October, their lawyers argue that granting a reserved groundwater right to the Agua Caliente would “jeopardize the rights of other groundwater users.”
The Agua Caliente lawsuit is divided into three phases. Phase one, now before the court, seeks to establish whether the tribe has reserved rights to groundwater. The second phase will address whether that water must be free from pollutants. The final phase is perhaps the most complex: quantifying the tribe's groundwater rights.
The Ninth Circuit opinion adds to state Supreme Court rulings in Arizona and Montana in the last two decades that have affirmed tribal groundwater rights. But as Steve Greetham, counsel for the Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma pointed out to Circle of Blue in an interview two years ago, there is no common standard for states to follow. The Arizona court, for instance, recognized tribal rights to groundwater but only if surface water is insufficient.
Glennon thinks the wording of the Ninth Circuit's opinion is along similar lines, granting rights based on the availability of surface water. Judge Tallman makes frequent reference in the opinion to the reservation's arid climate and lack of streams. “Survival is conditioned on access to water — and a reservation without an adequate source of surface water must be able to access groundwater,” Tallman wrote. This is a more constrained reading of the ruling than Walston's broad interpretation. Regardless, the case is ripe for further review.
“At the end of the day, this is a federal issue,” Glennon told Circle of Blue. “At some point the Supreme Court will need to resolve it.”
Walston said that the water agencies are considering two responses: petitioning the entire Ninth Circuit to review the ruling or submitting the case to the U.S. Supreme Court. They have 45 days to file the first petition and 90 days for the latter.
“We're consulting about the best steps,” Walston told Circle of Blue. “There are no decisions at this point.”
Getty Images
With all teams playing eight games and some already with nine in the books, the coaches who are coaching for their jobs through December 31 are coming in to focus. So is one of the potential candidates to replace them.
Former Raiders and Buccaneers coach Jon Gruden took a break from talking turkey hole to talk turkey with Rich Eisen on Friday. And it's clear that, regardless of whether Gruden ultimately decides to return in 2018, it's worth making a call.
“It's in your blood,” Gruden told Eisen regarding a possible return to coaching, via JoeBucsFan.com. “You get some people calling maybe to see if you're interested in coaching again and maybe if you can help recommend a couple of guys. I'm pretty much involved with every level of football every day of the week, so I try to help if I can.
“One of these days, who knows, Rich? One of these days, you never know.”
Translation: One of those days could be coming soon.
“I have talked to people in years past. I plan on just keeping my options open,” Gruden said. ”If something comes along down the road, we'll take a look at it.”
Translation: Call me.
It's a very delicate spot for Gruden. Coaches who fear losing their jobs typically don't appreciate it when a candidate for one of those jobs starts waving and shouting “over here!” while owners are trying to figure out what to do with the coaches they have. And with Monday Night Football games over the rest of the year including embattled (that sounds nicer than “sucky”) teams like the Texans, Ravens, Bengals, and Buccaneers, things could get a little awkward in the production meetings.
Things definitely will get awkward on December 18, when Gruden returns to Raymond James Stadium to call the Week 15 game against the Falcons — and to enter the Buccaneers' Ring of Honor. With the pirate ship taking currently taking on more water than the Orca, it could be even worse in five weeks, which will make fans chant even more loudly for Gruden's return to the team.
If ownership, which fired four coaches in eight years before hiring Dirk Koetter, decides before Week 15 to make it five in 10, don't be shocked if Dirk already is residing in the belly of the shark when Chucky comes back to Tampa.
Until then, Gruden will be vaguely whistling Show Me the Way to Go Home.
EDIT: It has been brought to our attention that this map, which has been all over the internet recently, is either highly flawed or entirely fictitious. Since some of the data appears to have come from a company hawking penis extenders, and some appears to be coming from this dubious web page, we encourage you not to draw any conclusions from the map.
The only thing we're left wondering is “Why does this page continue to get viewed so much?”
Click the map to get a full-size version of the world, colored according to the average penis size of every country.
Finally, we've found something that Finland isn't good at.
The five most well-endowed nations are:
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
The United States ranks somewhere in the lower-middle of the world penis-size rankings. The average American man has a penis length of 5.1 inches. South Korea is the most poorly endowed nation, coming in at 3.9 inches. Cambodia, Thailand, India, and Burma round out the bottom five.
♦◊♦
You might also like:
♦◊♦
♦◊♦
♦◊♦
Labour has maintained its four point lead over National in a new 1 NEWS Colmar Brunton poll out tonight, the same margin as a similar poll taken last week.
It's a good result for Labour, after backtracking on their tax policy earlier today, following a week-long hammering from National.
Party support results from 1 NEWS Colmar Brunton Poll, 14 September 2017. Source: 1 NEWS
Jacinda Ardern's fear that the party was hemorrhaging votes from National's attack appears unfounded, with Labour actually jumping one point higher to 44 per cent.
National also climbed one point from last week's poll to 40 per cent.
Alongside Labour, the big winner from this poll is the Greens, up two points to seven per cent. On tonight's numbers, Labour and the Greens could govern alone.
Would-be king or queen maker Winston Peters (New Zealand First) is down three points in tonight's poll to six per cent, while TOP is steady at two per cent and the Maori Party is down one point to one percent.
Tonight's poll doesn't take into account any voter preferences as a result of Labour's tax change today.
The poll was conducted from Saturday September 9 (last Saturday) to Wednesday September 13 (yesterday).
Preferred Prime Minister results from 1 NEWS Colmar Brunton Poll, 14 September 2017. Source: 1 NEWS
Jacinda Ardern, on 34 per cent, still leads in the preferred prime minister stakes by two points from Bill English, with both major party leaders up one point on last week.
Winston Peters was steady on five per cent.
1 NEWS / Colmar Brunton Poll results for tonight, Thursday September 14
Labour Party 44% (last week - 43%)
National Party 40% (last week - 39%)
Green Party 7% (last week - 5%)
NZ First 6% (last week - 9%)
TOP 2% Steady
Maori Party 1% (last week - 2%)
“We used to dress up as ninjas and turn up at universities and gigs and play outside with a generator,” says Van McCann, lead vocalist, primary songwriter and guitarist for Catfish and the Bottlemen.
The British alternative rock quartet's live setup will be considerably different for the next month and a half as McCann and his bandmates embark on a 24-city North American tour Tuesday, Aug. 1, as the support act on Green Day's Revolution Radio Tour. They'll play arenas, amphitheaters and even stadiums, including the Oakland Coliseum in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame trio's hometown of Oakland on Saturday, Aug. 5.
McCann has a sense of what a momentous occasion that concert will be for the East Bay natives. This summer, his group headlined the Echo Arena Liverpool, near where his father grew up and members of his family still live. “The show was about two weeks ago, and all my family just got home from their night out,” he says.
Audience size isn't a concern for McCann, who founded Catfish and the Bottlemen in high school and named his band after a busker he met in Sydney when he was a child on vacation with his family. As is the case with many artists from overseas, Catfish and the Bottlemen are typically listed in the top few lines of music festival posters in the United Kingdom, Australia and Japan but are still playing clubs and theaters in the United States.
After writing songs in his bedroom and rehearsing for countless hours in various chilly spaces, the 24-year-old cherishes “playing in these massive places, and everyone's singing the words back. But this Green Day tour will be different, of course, because nobody knows us,” he says.
When they played at BottleRock in Napa during Memorial Day weekend, they had a 5 p.m. slot on Friday. (“BottleRock was so good,” McCann says, marveling that Tom Petty and the Foo Fighters closed out subsequent nights.) And he recognizes that many patrons will be trying to park or may still be trickling in as his group performs its opening set.
“I always liked being a support band when we first started coming through,” he says. “Sometimes you'd be wedged in the middle of a five-band bill. And you'd always have to keep up the pace of the bands who played before you and then set the bar for the next two. So I liked warming up crowds.”
Green Day handpicked Catfish and the Bottlemen to be the opening act on the tour, McCann says. “How have we got on their radar? You bow down in respect to that.
“So we don't mind if we're playing to one person or 100,000. It's the same show for us, because we're buzzing to just be out of the house and doing what we've always wanted to do.”
Asked about his familiarity with Green Day, McCann says that he was reared on British hip-hop outfit the Streets (a.k.a. Mike Skinner). “So I like beats myself and me dance collection,” he says. But bassist Benji Blakeway and drummer Bob Hall have been “schooling” him in the dressing room on the band's catalog.
Their sound engineer, in turn, already sports a large Green Day tattoo. “He's going to have his shirt off every night,” McCann says.
Catfish and the Bottlemen are well positioned for large crowds and big spaces. Early songs such as the at times jittery “Tyrants” (found on the group's debut album, “The Balcony”) and the more recent “7” (the leadoff single from follow-up LP “The Ride,” released in late May 2016) play well in oversize settings in part because of a two-guitar attack fueled by lead guitarist/vocalist Johnny Bond.
Releasing a debut album seven years after first performing, McCann also had a chance to hone his considerable stage presence under a less intense spotlight before breaking out.
“Sometimes you hear people say, ‘Oh, this just happened overnight,'” he says. “But it was very much planned” — guerrilla ninja gigs and all.
Yoshi Kato is a freelance writer.
Catfish and the Bottlemen: Opening for Green Day. 7 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 5. $39.50-$79.50. Oakland Coliseum, 7000 Coliseum Way, Oakland. www.ticketmaster.com
Watch a clip of Catfish and the Bottlemen perform “7” live: https://youtu.be/Ibv5N70ncsk
Time Inc. has become the first US magazine publisher to accept subscription payment in bitcoin, the controversial digital currency.
The four titles that will initially be involved in the test, conducted with Coinbase, will be Fortune, Travel & Leisure, This Old House and Health.
San Francisco-based Coinbase is described as a digital wallet where vendors and consumers can make transactions using the new digital currency.
“Think of them as a MasterCard or Visa that accepts bitcoin and converts them to payments in cash,” said Scott McAllister, Time Inc. senior vice president of digital marketing + revenue.
McAllister said the company is not bothered by some of the more unsavory rumored users of the currency.
“You could argue that cash has a shady element as well because there is an element of anonymity to both,” said McAllister.
He added that bitcoin “clearly appeals to a different generation of consumers.”
While Time is the first big publisher to embrace it, companies ranging from Dell to Expedia to the Dish Network and Overstock.com all accept payments in bitcoin as well, said McAllister.
It clearly is growing in acceptance. In the spring of 2013, Forbes writer Kashmir Hill said she spent a week in San Francisco living on nothing but bitcoin.
She also referenced a bitcoin speculator who had made a fortune by maxing out $30,000 on credit cards and using the money to buy bitcoin that he eventually sold for around $420,000 when the price surged to $200 from $15.
This year has been a different story as bitcoin has plunged 52 percent, Atlantic Media's Quartz site said Tuesday in pegging the digital currency as the “worst investment of 2014.”
McAllister said there is no word on when or whether the company's other magazines, including People, Sports Illustrated or In Style, might eventually be included.
“It's early days,” he said. “Its a test, a pilot.”
Brian Armstrong, CEO of Coinbase, said in a statement: “For a major publisher like Time Inc. to embrace bitcoin sends an important message to both its readers and to the broader media community. In addition to providing consumers with an easy, convenient way to pay for their subscriptions, it also opens the door for applications across the industry.”
BJP veterans today met at MM Joshi's residence. (AFP file photo)
The four BJP elders who pulled up the party leadership last month over the defeat in Bihar assembly elections, have decided to intervene in the Arun Jaitley vs Kirti Azad controversy which has hit the party. The elders will meet Mr Azad, and raise the issue in party forum instead of going public with their views, sources told NDTV.Veteran leaders LK Advani, Shanta Kumar and Yashwant Sinha had met at the home of Murli Manohar Joshi earlier today.Suspended yesterday after he publicly targeted Union finance minister Arun Jaitley with allegations of corruption in the Delhi's cricket body DDCA he once headed, Mr Azad had demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi or the BJP's margdarshak mandal look into his suspension. The Prime Minister is currently on a visit to Russia.Mr Advani and Mr Joshi are part of the margdarshak mandal -- a five-member group of mentors -- set up last year during a party revamp by party chief Amit Shah in what was seen as a move to sideline the veterans, removing them from the all-powerful parliamentary board. The mandal has not met even once.But last month, after a meeting, the elders' group had issued its joint statement attacking Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah over the party's humiliating defeat in Bihar.Playing down today's meeting, Mr Kumar later told reporters, "We keep meeting over tea, nothing specific was discussed... It's unfortunate that politics has come down to allegations and counter-allegations."In its suspension notice yesterday, the BJP has accused Kirti Azad with colluding with Opposition parties, including the Aam Aadmi Party and the Congress, with the sole purpose of embarrassing the party and its office bearers.Mr Azad has said he will respond to the party's notice today and another BJP leader Subramanian Swamy would help him frame the reply.The veteran's meeting came amid speculation that more rebellious heads could roll, among them Shatrughan Sinha, who has described Mr Azad as a "hero." It was the latest in a long list of transgressions that has included a scathing assessment on Twitter of why the BJP's strategy in Bihar flopped. Mr Sinha - who also warmly met and congratulated Nitish Kumar and Lalu Yadav after they defeated the BJP in Bihar - was widely expected to be punished at that time. But the BJP had strategically chosen to play down the revolt of Mr Advani and group and so could also not act against Mr Sinha and several others who criticised the Bihar strategy.
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-078 - Critical
10 minutes to read
Contributors
In this article
Vulnerability in Microsoft Font Driver Could Allow Remote Code Execution (3079904)
Published: July 20, 2015 | Updated: July 29, 2015
Version: 2.0
Executive Summary
This security update resolves a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows. The vulnerability could allow remote code execution if a user opens a specially crafted document or visits an untrusted webpage that contains embedded OpenType fonts.
This security update is rated Critical for all supported releases of Microsoft Windows. For more information, see the Affected Software section.
The security update addresses the vulnerability by correcting how the Windows Adobe Type Manager Library handles OpenType fonts. For more information about the vulnerability, see the Vulnerability Information section. For more information about this update, see Microsoft Knowledge Base Article 3079904.
Suggested actions. The majority of customers have automatic updating enabled and will not need to take any action because the update will be downloaded and installed automatically. Customers who have not enabled automatic updating, or who install updates manually, can use the links in the Affected Software section to download and install the update. See Microsoft Knowledge Base Article 3079904 for more information.
Affected Software
The following software versions or editions are affected. Versions or editions that are not listed are either past their support life cycle or are not affected. To determine the support life cycle for your software version or edition, see Microsoft Support Lifecycle.
[1]This update is available via Windows Update only.
*The Updates Replaced column shows only the latest update in a chain of superseded updates. For a comprehensive list of updates replaced, go to the Microsoft Update Catalog, search for the update KB number, and then view update details (updates replaced information is on the Package Details tab).
Severity Ratings and Vulnerability Identifiers
The following severity ratings assume the potential maximum impact of the vulnerability. For information regarding the likelihood, within 30 days of this security bulletin's release, of the exploitability of the vulnerability in relation to its severity rating and security impact, please see the Exploitability Index in the July bulletin summary.
Vulnerability Severity Rating and Maximum Security Impact by Affected Software OpenType Font Driver Vulnerability - CVE-2015-2426 Aggregate Severity Rating Windows Vista Service Pack 2
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Vista x64 Edition Service Pack 2
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2008 Windows Server 2008 for 32-bit Systems Service Pack 2
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2008 for x64-based Systems Service Pack 2
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2008 for Itanium-based Systems Service Pack 2
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows 7 Windows 7 for 32-bit Systems Service Pack 1
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows 7 for x64-based Systems Service Pack 1
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2008 R2 Windows Server 2008 R2 for x64-based Systems Service Pack 1
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2008 R2 for Itanium-based Systems Service Pack 1
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 Windows 8 for 32-bit Systems
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows 8 for x64-based Systems
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows 8.1 for 32-bit Systems
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows 8.1 for x64-based Systems
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2012 R2 Windows Server 2012
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2012 R2
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows RT 8.1 Windows RT [1] (3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows RT 8.1[1] (3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows 10 Windows 10 for 32-bit Systems
(3074683) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows 10 for x64-based Systems
(3074683) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Server Core installation option Windows Server 2008 for 32-bit Systems Service Pack 2 (Server Core installation)
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2008 for x64-based Systems Service Pack 2 (Server Core installation)
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2008 R2 for x64-based Systems Service Pack 1 (Server Core installation)
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2012 (Server Core installation)
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical Windows Server 2012 R2 (Server Core installation)
(3079904) Critical
Remote Code Execution Critical
Vulnerability Information
OpenType Font Driver Vulnerability - CVE-2015-2426
A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Windows when the Windows Adobe Type Manager Library improperly handles specially crafted OpenType fonts. An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could take complete control of the affected system. An attacker could then install programs; view, change, or delete data; or create new accounts with full user rights.
There are multiple ways an attacker could exploit this vulnerability, such as by convincing a user to open a specially crafted document, or by convincing a user to visit an untrusted webpage that contains embedded OpenType fonts. The update addresses the vulnerability by correcting how the Windows Adobe Type Manager Library handles OpenType fonts.
When this security bulletin was issued, Microsoft had information to indicate that this vulnerability was public but did not have any information to indicate this vulnerability had been used to attack customers. Our analysis has shown that exploit code could be created in such a way that an attacker could consistently exploit this vulnerability.
Mitigating Factors
Microsoft has not identified any mitigating factors for this vulnerability.
Workarounds
The following workarounds may be helpful in your situation:
Rename ATMFD.DLL For 32-bit systems: Enter the following commands at an administrative command prompt: cd "%windir%\system32" takeown.exe /f atmfd.dll icacls.exe atmfd.dll /save atmfd.dll.acl icacls.exe atmfd.dll /grant Administrators:(F) rename atmfd.dll x-atmfd.dll Restart the system. For 64-bit systems: Enter the following commands at an administrative command prompt: cd "%windir%\system32" takeown.exe /f atmfd.dll icacls.exe atmfd.dll /save atmfd.dll.acl icacls.exe atmfd.dll /grant Administrators:(F) rename atmfd.dll x-atmfd.dll cd "%windir%\syswow64" takeown.exe /f atmfd.dll icacls.exe atmfd.dll /save atmfd.dll.acl icacls.exe atmfd.dll /grant Administrators:(F) rename atmfd.dll x-atmfd.dll Restart the system.
Optional procedure for Windows 8 and later operating systems (disable ATMFD):
Note Using Registry Editor incorrectly can cause serious problems that may require you to reinstall your operating system. Microsoft cannot guarantee that problems resulting from the incorrect use of Registry Editor can be solved. Use Registry Editor at your own risk. For information about how to edit the registry, view the "Changing Keys And Values" Help topic in Registry Editor (Regedit.exe) or view the "Add and Delete Information in the Registry" and "Edit Registry Data" Help topics in Regedt32.exe.
Method 1 (manually edit the system registry):
Run regedit.exe as Administrator. In Registry Editor, navigate to the following sub key (or create it) and set its DWORD value to 1: HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Windows\DisableATMFD, DWORD = 1 Close Registry Editor and restart the system.
Method 2 (use a managed deployment script):
Create a text file named ATMFD-disable.reg that contains the following text: Windows Registry Editor Version 5.00 [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Windows] "DisableATMFD"=dword:00000001 Run regedit.exe. In Registry Editor, click the File menu and then click Import. Navigate to and select the ATMFD-disable.reg file that you created in the first step. (Note If your file is not listed where you expect it to be, ensure that it has not been automatically given a .txt file extension, or change the dialog's file extension parameters to All Files). Click Open and then click OK to close Registry Editor.
Impact of workaround. Applications that rely on embedded font technology will not display properly. Disabling ATMFD.DLL could cause certain applications to stop working properly if they use OpenType fonts. Microsoft Windows does not release any OpenType fonts natively. However, third-party applications could install them and they could be affected by this change.
How to undo the workaround.
For 32-bit systems:
Enter the following commands at an administrative command prompt: cd "%windir%\system32" rename x-atmfd.dll atmfd.dll icacls.exe atmfd.dll /setowner "NT SERVICE\TrustedInstaller" icacls.exe . /restore atmfd.dll.acl Restart the system.
For 64-bit systems:
Enter the following commands at an administrative command prompt: cd "%windir%\system32" rename x-atmfd.dll atmfd.dll icacls.exe atmfd.dll /setowner "NT SERVICE\TrustedInstaller" icacls.exe . /restore atmfd.dll.acl cd "%windir%\syswow64" rename x-atmfd.dll atmfd.dll icacls.exe atmfd.dll /setowner "NT SERVICE\TrustedInstaller" icacls.exe . /restore atmfd.dll.acl Restart the system.
Optional procedure for Windows 8 and later operating systems (enable ATMFD):
Note Using Registry Editor incorrectly can cause serious problems that may require you to reinstall your operating system. Microsoft cannot guarantee that problems resulting from the incorrect use of Registry Editor can be solved. Use Registry Editor at your own risk. For information about how to edit the registry, view the "Changing Keys And Values" Help topic in Registry Editor (Regedit.exe) or view the "Add and Delete Information in the Registry" and "Edit Registry Data" Help topics in Regedt32.exe.
Method 1 (manually edit the system registry):
Run regedit.exe as Administrator. In Registry Editor, navigate to the following sub key and set its DWORD value to 0: HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Windows\DisableATMFD, DWORD = 0 Close Registry Editor and restart the system.
Method 2 (use a managed deployment script):
Create a text file named ATMFD-enable.reg that contains the following text: Windows Registry Editor Version 5.00
[HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Windows]
"DisableATMFD"=dword:00000000 Run regedit.exe. In Registry Editor, click the File menu and then click Import. Navigate to and select the ATMFD-enable.reg file that you created in the first step. (Note If your file is not listed where you expect it to be, ensure that it has not been automatically given a .txt file extension, or change the dialog's file extension parameters to All Files). Click Open and then click OK to close Registry Editor.
For Security Update Deployment information, see the Microsoft Knowledge Base article referenced here in the Executive Summary.
Acknowledgments
Microsoft recognizes the efforts of those in the security community who help us protect customers through coordinated vulnerability disclosure. See Acknowledgments for more information.
Disclaimer
The information provided in the Microsoft Knowledge Base is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Microsoft disclaims all warranties, either express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In no event shall Microsoft Corporation or its suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever including direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, loss of business profits or special damages, even if Microsoft Corporation or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages so the foregoing limitation may not apply.
Revisions
Page generated 2015-07-28 11:44Z-07:00.
Comrade Riaz Lund, a leading member of the Pakistan section of the IMT and well-known class fighter in Karachi, has been shot in cold blood by assassins. In a cowardly and brutal assault, he was hit three times, twice in the stomach and once in the chest.
Comrades,
Comrade Riaz Lund, a leading member of the Pakistan section of the IMT and well-known class fighter in Karachi, has been shot in cold blood by assassins. In a cowardly and brutal assault, he was hit three times, twice in the stomach and once in the chest.
At this moment in time we lack precise information about the attack. But we have received the following brief post from a comrade:
Comrade Riaz along with other Pakistani, British and American comrades at the recent World Congress of the IMT“My dear friend and comrade Riaz H Baloch was just shot three times in Karachi in a terrorist attack, twice in the stomach, once in the chest. He was already shot twice a few years back by the MQM in the course of his struggles to fight for socialism in the hell on earth that is modern Pakistan. All our thoughts and revolutionary fervor are with Riaz, one of the most jolly human beings I have ever met, yet among the most serious revolutionaries on the planet. We need no martyrs! Though he is listed in critical condition, Riaz will surely recover and continue the fight all the comrades of the IMT are engaged in: irreconcilable struggle until socialist revolution!”
Comrade Riaz and Alan Woods at the IMT World Congress 2014From this brief report it seems that, despite the seriousness of his injuries, comrade Riaz has survived and the immediate danger has passed. As it says, this is not the first time he has been the target of counterrevolutionary assassins. A few years ago he was shot and wounded by gunmen from the fascist MQM. He survived that attack and we fervently hope that he will pull through again and live to fight against the counterrevolutionary forces that have been spawned by the filthy swamp of rotten Pakistan capitalism.
Comrade Riaz is an exemplary fighter for the cause of the Pakistan working class. He is a leading figure in the Pakistan Trade Union Defence campaign (PTUDC) and is a well-known figure in the Karachi labour movement. He is also utterly dedicated to the cause of international socialism and the IMT. Only a few weeks ago he formed part of the Pakistan delegation to the publish here an image from that Congress, together with an article from the press in Pakistan:
Comrade Riaz at the latest congress of the Pakistani Marxists“KARACHI: Principal of Shaheed Benazir Bhutto Law College, Riaz Baloch, was shot three times in Landhi Manzil Pump area of Karachi on Saturday, leaving him critically injured, Express News reported. On his way to the university, unidentified men shot the principal in an alleged attempted target killing and robbery, police said. He was admitted to Jinnah Hospital, where doctors said that his condition was critical. Out of the three gun shots, he was shot in the stomach twice and in his chest once, police claimed. Upon immediate inspection, police have said that there are no visible bullet holes on the car itself, leading them to assume that the armed men were present inside the car at the time of shooting.” (Tribune, September 13, 2014)
Such treacherous attacks will never break the will to struggle of the Pakistan Marxists. They are accustomed to a life of hardship and danger. But in this difficult time, it is imperative that they should feel that they do not stand alone.
Socialists, trade unionists and revolutionaries from all over the world should express their revulsion at this murderous act and their solidarity and support for comrade Riaz Lund Baloch, for the Pakistan Trade Union Defence Campaign and all the comrades who are struggling against oppression and injustice in Pakistan. [Send to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. ]
Red salute/lal salaam to the comrades in Pakistan! Their struggle is our struggle! An injury to one is an injury to all! Let this redouble our resolve to end the nightmare of capitalism once and for all!
Alan Woods, London, 13 September 2014
Three suspected handmade bombs exploded in a supermarket in southern Yangon on Sunday, authorities said, although no casualties were reported.
Security forces locked down the area with sniffer dogs after the blasts went off around 5:30 pm in Thakeyta township.
“No one was injured in three small explosions this evening,” Yangon regional social minister Naing Ngan Linn told AFP from the scene.
“According to initial inspections by security forces, they are handmade bombs. Soldiers and police are still inspecting the area now.”
The explosions came hours after two civilians were killed in clashes in a northern town on Myanmar's border with China.
Fighting broke out between the military and four ethnic armed groups, including the powerful Kachin Independence Army, reigniting a years-long conflict that has displaced 100,000 people.
One of them, the Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army, denied having any hand in the Yangon explosions.
“We are men. We fight openly,” said spokesman Phone Win Naing.
The clashes are another blow to de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi's hopes of forging a nationwide peace agreement after years of war in Myanmar's restive hinterlands.
They also come days after authorities pledged to step up security at Yangon's Shwedagon pagoda, Buddhist Myanmar's most revered holy site, over concerns about terrorist attacks.
Local media said increased security measures were put in place after a surge in violence in northern Rakhine state after attacks on police border posts last month.
Troops have poured into the area, mainly home to the Muslim Rohingya minority, killing dozens of people and displacing more than 30,000.
Among the Sleep is an interesting take on horror and it succeeds for unexpected reasons.
Earlier in the week, our very own nfgDan pointed me in the direction of Among the Sleep, an indie horror title that's been recently been ported to consoles.
Developed by Krillbite, Among the Sleep was originally published in 2014 but has jumped over onto the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 somewhat recently.
Among the Sleep
Developer: Krillbite Studio
Publisher: Krillbite Studio
Platform: Playstation 4, Xbox One, PC
Price: $14.99 Steam
Teddy is a Toddler's Best Friend
Players take on the role of a 2-year old toddler, and this is where most of Among the Sleep‘s charm resides. The game is very quick to illustrate some of the effects this will have on you. Your mother gives you a stuffed bear, named Teddy, who instantly comes to life
Teddy encourages you to explore your nursery by pulling out drawers to scale tall pieces of furniture. He also brings the player into the cupboard which, in the darkness, becomes a confusing maze. It's a nice precursor to the coming adventure.
The action of the game starts with Teddy being dragged from the nursery in the middle of the night by an unseen force, to be found in a washing machine. Teddy and the player embark on a quest to find the toddler's mother, who is strangely absent from the house.
Thus the game's story launches with the player trying to collect memories in a variety of locations to find his mother.
The World
It's very easy to fall in love with the world created in Among the Sleep. The art is charming and varied. Before the toddler's horrifying adventure begins, the house is cute, bright, with lots of pastel colours.
I found myself being sucked into the role of the toddler exploring my various toys and climbing up on the chest of drawers.
After your mother puts you to bed, the world takes a turn for the worse. Things are strewn around the floor, it's storming outside, and that's just the house.
The toddler will move through different areas in his quest to find his mother, including a twisted playground, a house overgrown with trees, and a closet. Each of these areas are crafted delicately to be somewhat disturbing but, more than anything, aid the story of the game.
Playing as a toddler provides interesting challenges for navigating the game. Among the Sleep doesn't have to work hard to put obstacles in your way when you need to climb up on chairs to turn door handles.
Simple exploration turns the game into a physics puzzle, and it's quite exceptional. Where it falls down, however, is that the toddler is some kind of super human. He can overcome all kinds obstacles without complaint and survive the treacherous landscapes with impunity.
When exploring the Forested House, the trees have drawers that can be pulled out for climbing. While this is an over-generalisation of a mechanic, it isn't entirely inconsistent with the plot. It would be good for this to be fleshed out a little more with extra variety in mechanical achievement.
Among the Sleep is almost entirely driven by metaphor.
I'm going to say this once: Among the Sleep is a game you should consider playing twice (or, better yet, make a friend play it while you watch). It's short – about three hours play time – and so is pretty easy to do this.
Everything in the game has a purpose, and this purpose may not be entirely clear the first time round. Some of the elements can be easily written off as stereotypical horror tactics but their deeper meanings are explored later in the game.
One spoiler-free example is the Teddy. Like many horror games, much of your time will be spent in the dark. In other games, this is the physical property of the environment: for example, an abandoned mineshaft with no lights is dark.
In Among the Sleep, there is a mixture: some areas are dark but on other occasions the darkness is a metaphor for the child's fear. As such, the darkness can be conquered by feeling more secure. Mechanically, this is achieved by hugging Teddy closely. It's a great stylistic change but in function feels unexplored.
Sadly, this relegates the mechanic to a glorified torch.
Stop And Smell The Roses
In horror, the is a temptation to rush. Lingering around provides the monsters extra opportunities to catch you. Among the Sleep is similar. Your moves, when you make them, should be efficient and calculated. But take the time to stop and smell the roses.
Once you reach the end of the game, you'll be kicking yourself if you accidentally overlooked one detail in the environment because Krillbite have made the effort to keep their message consistent. Maybe it's finding the drawings scattered throughout; maybe it's noticing that text in the game is written in unintelligible language because the toddler hasn't developed language yet.
Take your time and this game will reward you more than most.
How Does Among the Sleep Stack Against Other Horror?
There can be no denying that Among the Sleep includes traditional horror elements. It plays with the player's vision and hearing. The monsters are overbearing and dangerous.
There is a pervasive feeling of helplessness throughout the game, mitigated somewhat by the superhuman abilities of this toddler.
Is it the scariest game I've played? No. Not by a long shot. I most certainly enjoyed the game but not because it brings anything new to the horror genre.
The monsters themselves are unthreatening to the player. Insofar as imagined fear manifests as actual fear, I didn't feel particularly worried about these monsters. Having said that, players who play through the game in its entirety will be rewarded with an explanation about the monsters.
Ultimately, having come from a Kickstarter campaign, Among the Sleep is a tribute to burgeoning game designers. It perfectly blends storytelling with horror experiences in a way that other games, like Until Dawn, couldn't.
Anyone who knows my taste in games will know that I sing the praises of games that tell a convincing story and, in this arena, I would rank Among the Sleep up there amongst the titans like Heavy Rain.
Join Non-Fiction Gaming on Google+, Facebook and Twitter
Abdullah al-Zaher before his arrest
A teenager who was arrested at the age of 15 could be executed in Saudi Arabia in the next few days.
Abdullah al-Zaher, who is now 19, was arrested for attending a protest four years ago and now faces execution as part of a crackdown on dissent by the country.
He was recently moved to a new cell in solitary confinement and activists fear he could be executed by beheading very soon.
Before his transfer the teenager was help with Ali al-Nimr, a fellow juvenile offender who has also been sentenced to death after his arrest at the age of 17, despite the UN issuing an urgent call to halt his execution.
Abdullah al-Zaher's father, Hassan al-Zaher, told the Guardian: ‘Please help me save my son from the imminent threat of death.
MORE: US raises interest rates by 0.25 per cent in the first change since 2006
MORE: Paedophile TV presenter Stuart Hall is released from prison
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘He doesn't deserve to die just because he participated in a protest rally.'
Campaign group Reprieve claim that Abdullah was beaten by police during his arrest in 2012, and that he was tortured into signing a false confession.
The fears for his future arose after after media outlets affiliated with the Saudi government ran stories suggesting an imminent mass execution of 52 prisoners.
The unthinkable has happened; Josep Guardiola has departed company with FC Barcelona. It's May 2013 and Guardiola has just lifted the Champions League trophy for the third consecutive year and for the fourth time in five years. Pep has overtaken Bob Paisley to become the only coach to win the trophy four times and Barcelona has replicated the European dominance that Ajax and Bayern Munich enjoyed in the 1970's.
His five seasons in management have taken a toll on Guardiola, dark rings have appeared under his eyes and his hair is visibly thinner. Guardiola may well take a year sabbatical to ponder his next step; perhaps he will move to London to take over at Chelsea where Roman Abramovich has just sacked another manager; or perhaps he will take over from Wenger at Arsenal, a club that require full scale changes similar to those needed at Barcelona in 2008.
The search for the next manager of Catalonia's capital club begins. Replacing Guardiola is an impossible task, he represents the club having been part of it throughout his footballing career, he understands the club motto “mes que un club” (More than a club) like others cannot, he took over a club in crisis and gave it an identity.
This is all speculation of course, football, like politics and the rest of the world, has been dramatically altered by twenty-four hour news coverage. Fifteen months has always been a long time in football, but now, just as on pitch results have always been able to change so suddenly, public opinion off the pitch fuelled by Sky Sports News and Twitter can swerve from one way to another in days. It is impossible to predict who Barcelona will look to in fifteen months time; no one after all would have predicted they would have selected Guardiola in 2008, a man who had never managed a top flight club.
Ask Guardiola about his future and he is always very coy; there has however been increasing speculation over past months that Athletico Bilbao coach Marcelo Bielsa may be the man that can replace Pep. It has been acknowledged by Guardiola that he holds Bielsa in high regard. At the end of his playing career Guardiola visited Bielsa at his home on the outskirts of Rosario Argentina; it is reported that they spent eleven hours after a barbecue discussing football, staging positions and reviewing tactics.
Neither coach had come face to face until a frantic 2-2 draw at the Camp Nou in November; Bielsa had been busy taking Chile to their first World Cup Finals since 1998 where in South Africa they were along with Ghana one of the surprise sides of the tournament to watch. Upon taking the Athletico Bilbao job in the summer, Bielsa said of Guardiola “I am embarrassed about the size of his work” Guardiola reacted similarly in his post match comments after the sides met stating “They [Bilbao] deny you space and time so well, and they take you on, one on one, all over the pitch. They're beasts. I have never played against a team so intense.” A draw was a fair result in a match that was played in torrential rain, both managers could be thankful they were not embarrassed in front of one that they regard so highly.
After being once burnt with the signing of Ibrahimovic from Seria A in 2009; last summer Guardiola was to be more cautious about the signing of another forward from the Italian Leagues. Determined not to make the same mistake twice it was Bielsa he turned to for advice of the temperament of Udinese's Alexis Sanchez. Bielsa, having coached Sanchez for the Chilean national side was able to provide a reference and the signing went through.
Both managers are seen as tactical mavericks, Bielsa largely used a 3-3-1-3 formation at Chile not widely dissimilar to the 3-4-3 Guardiola has used at times at Barcelona. Both managers spend hours analysing and dissecting every detail of the game; Bielsa, in preparation for taking over at Bilbao last summer watched every match of theirs from the previous season twice. Both managers strive to play a pressing game and demand optimal fitness from their players.
Guardiola has commented publicly on the possibility of Bielsa taking over at Barcelona stating “I have no doubt he would be a success” and “You know the opinion I have about him – his ability is unquestionable.” Bielsa refuses to be drawn into speculation about the job, likely partly out of respect for his friend and partly out of respect to his current employers.
It is therefore fitting that these two sides will meet in the Copa Del Rey final in May. On Exactly what date or at what venue is ridiculously yet to be decided; but what can be stated for sure is that this is the match the “football purists” wanted to see. Athletico Bilbao are a team with their name in history having won the Spanish Cup twenty three times, the last of these coming in the double winning year of 1984. Along with Villareal's decline meaning that a fourth place spot (and Champions League qualification) is open, a good showing against his pupil in the Copa Del Rey final and speculation linking Bielsa to the Barcelona job may no longer be just that.
Follow me on Twitter here
If you've ever walked past Grand Central Station on Lexington, you've probably never noticed the, New York's only architectural rats.
The art deco Graybar Electric building was built in the 1920s, and as Graybar was originally a steamship company, the architects designed it with a maritime theme. Hence the mooring lines (the awning poles) of a ship securing the building to Lexington Avenue complete with its anti-rat funnels that deterred rats from stowing away on ships. This building has its own three evil cast iron rats climbing above the building's entrance. Even more unusual and not so obvious are the rosettes that connect the poles are actually decorated with rat heads.
Who would have thought that the likes of CBS, Vogue and Vanity Fair would have once set up their offices in a rodent inspired building? Apparently as the years went by, one of the rats mysteriously disappeared. But in 2000, when the building was being restored, there were special instructions to “replace the missing rat”.
Thousands of New York commuters and tourists pass underneath these Graybar Rats daily, and never notice them. So the next time you walk down Lex, look up, and check out New York's only cherished rats.
By Elizabeth Barber
BOSTON, March 16 (Reuters) - Boston's Irish-American mayor will not march in the city's St. Patrick's Day parade on Sunday after failing to hammer out a deal with organizers to allow a group of gay and lesbian activists to march openly.
Mayor Marty Walsh had tried to negotiate a deal with organizers, the conservative Allied War Veteran's Council, to allow members of MassEquality, one of Massachusetts' largest gay activist groups, to join the parade.
"So much of our Irish history has been shaped by the fight against oppression," Walsh, the city's first Irish-American mayor in 20 years, said in a statement.
"As mayor of the city of Boston, I have to do my best to ensure that all Bostonians are free to participate fully in the civic life of our city. Unfortunately, this year, the parties were not able to come to an understanding that would have made that possible."
Organizers of St. Patrick's Day parades in New York and Boston, among the most liberal-leaning cities in the United States, have come under increasing criticism in recent years for banning openly gay marchers.
Parade organizers argue that to do so would conflict with their Roman Catholic heritage. The Catholic church contends that homosexual activity is immoral.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio also plans to boycott his city's parade, scheduled for Monday, in protest.
On Friday, two major beer companies, Sam Adams brewer Boston Beer Co and Heineken dropped their sponsorship of parades in Boston and New York, respectively, over the issue.
In Boston, Walsh had tried to reach a deal for MassEquality's members to march openly, rather than without any identification of their sexual orientation as required by parade organizers.
The invitation to MassEquality was subsequently rescinded by the parade organizers, who said they had been "misled" about the number of veterans in the gay and lesbian group.
LONDON -- The current technology behind our space travel isn't nearly powerful or efficient enough to get us anywhere near our closest star system. That's why one company is developing an antimatter-powered rocket that could increase space travel by a factor of 1,000.
The Voyager 1 space probe is the fastest man-made object ever invented. It can travel 14 kilometers every second, and it left our solar system a couple of years ago. But when you consider Voyager 1 launched back in 1977, that doesn't seem like such a major achievement. Our closest neighbor, Andromeda Galaxy, is 2.5 million light-years from Earth.
"The problem is that [14 kilometers a second] is really slow. The reason is that things in space are incredibly far apart," Ryan Weed told the Wired 2015 conference in London on Friday. "It's clear that we need much better rockets, we need a much better way to get out of here."
Annihilation
Weed is the co-founder and CEO of Positron Dynamics, which is trying to build the first antimatter rocket. To do this, Weed wants to harness something called annihilation: "Annihilation is a property of antimatter that is very unique. You have a block of antimatter, you hit it next to matter and annihilates into pure energy. It is the purest form of mass-to-energy conversion you can get.
To explain just how powerful this property is, Weed said that if you smashed 20 grains of salt into 20 grains of anti-salt, you would get the same amount of energy as 4 million pounds of rocket fuel -- or, to think of it another way, those 20 grains of anti-salt could create the same amount of energy the whole of London uses in 24 hours.
Harnessing such power, according to Weed, would enable an antimatter rocket to orbit Earth in three seconds, travel to Mars in a matter of weeks, reach Pluto in months and make it the 38 million-million kilometers to Alpha Centauri in around 40 years -- significantly less than the 30,000 years it would take Voyager 1.
Photo: David Gilbert
But this is simply not possible with today's technology. The problem is that positrons, the antimatter particles that collide with electrons to yield that huge amount of energy, cannot be cooled down efficiently -- and they need to be cool in order to be controlled. "With the current state of the art in positron cooling, you throw away 999 out of 1,000 positrons, so it is very inefficient," Weed explained.
Nuclear Fallout
Taking up this challenge, he and his team at Positron Dynamics have filed a patent for a system to "cool down positrons efficiently using cross-magnetic and electric fields in combination with semiconductor material." Having figured out that working on nuclear physics in an office building wasn't the smartest idea, the company moved operations to a nuclear fallout shelter and is working toward launching a shoeboxed-sized satellite into orbit, powered by positrons.
An antimatter-powered rocket traveling to our closest star system may be a long way off, but in the short term, this technology could help power constellations of satellites that companies like Google, Samsung and SpaceX are looking to launch in the next few years. Google Skybox, for instance, wants to create a live version of Google Map, and Samsung is looking to launch 5,000 satellites to create a global broadband network.
While the cost of launching small, low-orbit satellites has come down to $20,000, an array that size would be costly, especially as they don't stay in orbit very long.
What Weed's positron-propulsion system promises is a significant reduction in costs as well as lasting for seven years at a lower orbit, which could offer increased broadband speeds and high-resolution imagery. So while the dream of reaching another solar system is still a long way away, there is some hope that this new system could power the next generation of space travel.
President Obama praised veterans of the Korean War at a ceremony Saturday marking the anniversary of the armistice, using their return to an apathetic America decades ago as a promise to better care for the generation returning from distant battlefields today.
After 31 / 2 years of fighting on the Korean Peninsula, a “forgotten war” quickly following the end of World War II, “among many Americans tired of war, there was, it seemed, a desire to forget,” Obama said.
“You, our veterans of Korea, deserve better,” he said. “Because here in America, no war should ever be forgotten and no veteran should ever be overlooked.”
Obama spoke at the Korean War Veterans Memorial to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the armistice agreement that stopped the fighting but did not bring peace to a still-divided peninsula.
He reminded the nation that 36,574 U.S. service members were killed in the conflict, which he described as the first Cold War commitment by the United States to forcefully oppose communism.
1 of 21 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Korean armistice's 60th anniversary View Photos North and South Korea commemorate the July 27, 1953, agreement that lead to the cease-fire on the peninsula. Caption Koreans and Americans commemorate the July 27, 1953, agreement that lead to the cease-fire on the peninsula. July 27, 2013 From left, President Obama, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki and Interior Secretary Sally Jewell attend a Korean War armistice event at the Korean War Veterans Memorial on the Mall. Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
About 1.7 million Americans fought in Korea, and more than 2 million Koreans died in the conflict. Nearly 8,000 Americans who fought there are still missing.
Obama's appearance, which he began by laying a wreath at the memorial, is the first time a U.S. president has participated in such a formal ceremony marking the armistice. An estimated 5,000 people attended the morning event, many of them veterans of that war.
Obama noted that some veterans wore their old uniforms — and that “they still fit.” He then asked “those who are still able to stand” to do so, prompting sustained applause.
The backdrop for the somber event was the unresolved dispute between communist North Korea and U.S.-allied South Korea — almost 30,000 U.S. service members still standing between them.
Tension between the countries has run high this year, and just months ago Kim Jong-un, the North's 30-year-old leader, suggested he would no longer abide by the 1953 armistice agreement.
Obama used the opportunity to pledge not to repeat the mistake he said was made following World War II, when a fiscally strained nation scaled back the military too quickly. He promised that the United States would remain the world's strongest military power, as his administration works to end more than a decade of war.
While Obama focused his address on the graying veterans before him, his message to younger veterans was unmistakable as they return from years of fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan to an economy still struggling to recover from deep recession.
Many of those returning men and women have served multiple tours, and Obama cited a headline from the run-up to the Korean War to remind the country of its history with seemingly relentless conflict: “Veterans of World War II recalled for duty.”
“We will make it our mission to give them the respect and the care and the opportunities that they have earned,” Obama said, with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki at his side.
Obama recited the grim poetry of the Korean War — the battlefield names of Pork Chop Hill, Chosin Reservoir and Heartbreak Ridge.
He described Korea's harsh winter weather, the lifesaving decisions made by troops protecting one another and the mementos of family that some soldiers carried, including a pair of baby booties that dangled from a young lieutenant's rifle barrel.
That lieutenant survived the war. Richard Shank, now 84, lives in Gainesville, Fla.; the son those baby booties represented is a father now, too.
Obama urged the country to no longer view Korea as the “forgotten war” but instead as the “forgotten victory,” a term his Cabinet secretaries used. Obama argued that “die for a tie,” an expression that emerged from the war's bitter aftermath, is inaccurate.
“Here today we can say with confidence that war was no tie,” Obama said, contrasting the North's poverty and repression to the South's economic dynamism and democracy.
“That is a victory,” he said. “And that is your legacy.”
We were all saddened – and rather intrigued – to hear that Pottermore would be announcing the last ever House Cup on September 9. What, we wondered, did this mean for the site? What changes were happening?
Well, today Pottermore revealed that until September 16, users of Pottermore would be able to print their own exclusive Pottermore certificate. The certificate proudly displays all your important details – such as House, wand, House points, and more.
Pottermore also sent out this rather cryptic and intriguing Tweet, indicating that big, exciting changes would be coming to the site.
Celebrate your Pottermore journey so far with Pottermore Certificate, as we prepare to move beyond Hogwarts into the wider Wizarding World. — Pottermore (@pottermore) September 3, 2015
You can get your personalised, printable certificate until 1:00pm (British Summer Time) on 16 September: http://t.co/A1UFhyPilI — Pottermore (@pottermore) September 3, 2015
A personal message was also sent to all users, hinting further at these changes, without giving any more specific details, apart from the fact that the site would enable users to discover more about the wizarding world.
Soon, Pottermore as you know it will transform into a new and reimagined website, giving you the opportunity to discover even more about J.K. Rowling's [w]izarding [w]orld. Part one of Pottermore's story, in which you have enjoyed the depiction of Harry's story through illustrated ‘Moment' artwork and experienced life within Hogwarts, is ending. We are now preparing for part two of Pottermore's story to begin. As J.K. Rowling's [w]izarding [w]orld expands, so too will Pottermore, becoming a place to imagine more and share in a world beyond the seven[-]book series.
We can't wait to see what's next for Pottermore and learn more about the wider wizarding world. Don't forget to head over to your Pottermore account now to print your certificate before September 16, which is available as soon as you log on – or through your messages. If you're having trouble printing, then make sure to print it directly from your browser menu.
@emilyisanelf From your browser menu, you can use the Print function. Hope that helps! — Pottermore (@pottermore) September 3, 2015
While you're waiting to find out what's next for the site, then why not relive all the moments with our “Pottermore Moments Revisited” series? As soon as we know any more about part two of Pottermore, we'll be sure to share it with you.
So what do you think is next for Pottermore? How will the site expand to explore the wider wizarding world? What would you like to see? Share your thoughts below.
Spike:........you know, your mother keeps blaming ME for all the cookies disappearing, right?T:nomnomnomnomnomnom........Spike: Ugh, fine. But don't think that this'll excuse you from dinner.Well, Halloween was fun, but the following day down right boring. So to keep myself active, I went websurfing for any kind of background/screenshot to practice speedpainting (still haven't got the hang of it yet). Eventually, I somehow (probably out of laziness) ended up doing Rarity's kitchen. Somewhere along the line, the background ended up getting me some "sparity ideas", one in particular involving 's next generation storyline.I recalled somewhere that Lil'T was born with a huge craving for cookies. Next thing you know, this scenario popped in. I'm almost tempted to make a .gif out of T in the cookie jar to keep up practicing animation, but I'll let and everyone else decide that.
How generous has the world been with Haiti after its earthquake?
The global response to the Haiti earthquake has been extraordinary and generous. But in the midst of all the reporting, it's difficult to keep track of the numbers. In particular, who has given what, who has dug deepest, and how the Haiti relief fund compares to those of other tragedies.
These are the contributions to the Haiti Earthquake recovery effort as of 24th January 2010.
Source: ReliefWeb, Guardian Datablog
Explore the data for yourself InformationIsBeautiful.net, dedicated to visualising information, ideas, stories and data.
This visualisation takes data from my book of infographic exploria, Information Is Beautiful. It's published in the UK on 4th February 2010. In the US, the book's called The Visual Miscellaneum
World government data
• Search the world's government with our gateway
Can you do something with the data?
Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Tech giant Alibaba looks to bring both shopping and entertainment to consumers with virtual reality.
Consumers will be able to walk through shops and select items using VR.
Alibaba wants to provide VR entertainment via both Alibaba Pictures and online streaming service Youku Tudou.
Chinese tech giant Alibaba's cloud computing division Alicloud and Taiwan device maker HTC announced a strategic alliance in virtual reality on Tuesday .
The Chinese e-commerce giant will support smaller companies and startups through Alibaba Cloud, the group's cloud computing arm, to provide the environment for creating and distributing virtual reality (VR) content.
Tuesday afternoon. Alicloud (known as Aliyun in Chinese) confirmed its partnership with HTC on Weibo afternoon.
“The companies will focus on developing breakthrough innovative solutions to tackle bandwidth allocation, data transmission and data processing needs in areas such as VR video production and VR broadcasting,” said HTC in a statement.
HTC began selling its Vive VR system in April and it also operates an online app store, which is expected to be made available worldwide soon.
“This partnership will accelerate the development of VR technology in China and encourage widespread, global adoption.” said Jin Ge, business architect director at Alibaba Cloud.
Alibaba Cloud claims that it has helped a VR team from Zhejiang University to render a three-minute 360-degree 3D VR video in three days .
In March Alibaba launched their own in-house VR research center called the GnomeMagic Lab. The lab is working with Alibaba Pictures and Alibaba Music to develop VR content.
In July, Alibaba Pictures announced it had established a new $300 million film and TV fund with Wuhu Gopher Asset Management.
The film studio has previously invested in several high-profile Hollywood projects, including Star Trek Beyond and Mission: Impossible — Rogue Nation.
Star Trek Beyond (星际迷航3：超越星辰), the latest film in the rebooted sci-fi franchise, took just under $60 million to top the U.S. box office in its opening weekend.
We must have died of dystentery and gone to heaven, because the Oregon Trail is back, only this time it's a card game.
Target somewhat quietly released the Oregon Trail card game before it was quickly picked up by a redditor in Portland. Naturally, anyone who played the game as a child freaked out.
The multi-player tabletop version of the iconic computer game is the same concept, but with physical pieces. The goal is to get all the way through the Oregon Trail to Williamette Valley. You'll fight pending dangers like dead oxen, starvation, poisonous rattlesnakes, and all the other unwanted surprises you'll remember from the original game.
The Oregon Trail card game was created by Pressman Toys. It was originally a Target exclusive, but if you're dying to get your hands on this game, you don't have to risk diphtheria, because it's also available online. The toy company is selling it on Amazon for $20.93.
Relive computer class and get it while supplies last. Buy it here.
MORE BAZAAR DEALS:
The Daily Dot may receive a payment in connection with purchases of products or services featured in this article. Click here to learn more.
Kingdom Come: Deliverance is approaching £1 million in pledges, and entering its last day of Kickstarter funding . Star Citizen, meanwhile, has long since left the crowdfunding service, and is nearing $39 million. Both successes, then, albeit one astronomically more so than the other. The good news for those who've put money into either game, is that the two studios will be collaborating - sharing their knowledge between both projects. Unfortunately, that probably doesn't mean space jousting.
In a recent blog post , Star Citizen's Chris Roberts explains why he's taken an interest in the medieval RPG.
"Kingdom Come doesn't just look like a great game, though: it looks like something we on the Star Citizen team could learn from. The characters and outfits I saw working in-engine in the trailer impressed me so much that I contacted the team to talk about what was going on under the hood. Star Citizen doesn't need peasants and knights... but it does need a robust character creation system for the persistent universe. And that technology is exactly what Warhorse is building for the CryEngine.
"The good news is: the team at Warhorse isn't just an incredible talented group of people... they're also kindred spirits who are willing to share the work they've done! We will be sharing with them the tricks for working with CryEngine we've learned over the last 18 months and they will be letting us in on the secrets and the tech behind what they're doing! I've always said that independent developers should stick together, and the potential good for both games that can come from this unofficial partnership is proof positive!"
Both are promising projects in their own way, with Kingdom Come exploring a non-fantasy RPG setting, and Star Citizen seemingly offering everything a space fan wants. If you're interested in either, you'll find Kingdom Come's Kickstarter page here , and Star Citizen's funding goals here .
Thanks, RPS .
The spinning wheel of death. That's how I refer to one of the most annoying complications associated with streaming TV: buffering.
The problem is scary enough to keep you glued to your cable TV provider, and rightfully so. After all, if you love TV, you're not going to want to tolerate slow program load times or all-out freezes.
Thankfully, most of the streaming services out there have fixed whatever early launch glitches made them infuriating to use. These days, if there's a problem, it probably has to do with the internet connection in your home.
So we should talk about the most common reasons causing streaming hiccups. For help, I reached out to Chris Brantner, a 35-year-old former teacher from Houston who, with his two brothers, now runs a popular cord-cutting site, CutCableToday.com.
What follows is an FAQ addressing common problems associated with your home internet setup. (Chris is also participating in our SDUT cord-cutters Facebook group, a private area where readers are encouraged to ask questions and offer up tried-and-true tips.)
By the way, regular readers of this column know that I'm helping three households cut the cord: Carol Manifold, an atypical TV viewer; the Hires who are heavy consumers of entertainment; and Randy Ward, a bona fide sports junkie.
Quick update: Carol is now cable TV-free. However, she was complaining of some buffering problems when watching live shows through CBS All Access on her Apple TV. More on that in a future column.
For now, here's Chris tackling some frequently asked questions.
Q. Won't stand alone internet service cost too much without the cable bundle?
A. On average, internet is $10 cheaper in a bundle. Of course, some people speculate that those rates will rise over the next few years in an attempt to recover some of the losses from people who have severed TV service. Meanwhile, some Internet Service Providers (ISPs) like AT&T are beginning to bundle their internet service with their streaming services — in this instance DirecTV Now.
Q. How can I save on standalone internet?
A. Compare prices with local providers and match the speed with your needs. There is no sense in having super fast internet if you don't need it.
Q. How fast does my internet need to be for streaming?
A. For Netflix, you need a download speed of just 3Mbps (megabits per second) to stream in standard definition and 5Mbps for high definition. However, if you're streaming in 4K ultra high definition, that may require as much as 25Mbps.
As for Sling TV, you'll want 5Mbps or higher to stream to your TV through a device such as a Roku player, and up to 25Mbps if multiple devices in the home will be using the internet simultaneously.
Q. How can I check my internet speed?
A. Use a service like speedtest.net and make sure to test in different areas of your home.
Q. My speed is good, but streaming is buffering. Now what?
A. Typically, your Wi-Fi setup is the problem.
Here are some trouble-shooting tips:
Make sure you have newer equipment as outdated routers can be slow. I suggest upgrading every two years.
Locate your router in the center of your home.
Put your router out in the open.
Add a hardwired access point.
Consider switching to a whole-home Wi-Fi system such as Eero, Google Wi-Fi or Amplifi with multiple access points for a wireless mesh network.
Disconnect unused devices that could be using up bandwidth.
Change frequency channels as sometimes interference can be an issue in crowded areas. You can change channels, or most new routers will choose the best when you reboot. If you have a dual band router, try enabling both 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
Q. Can I get rid of broadband internet altogether and just use my phone for internet?
A. Not exactly. While certain wireless carriers — take AT&T and T-Mobile — will offer free data for streaming certain services, the catch is that you can't use your phone to tether to a streaming stick or box without incurring data usage. Even if you could find a workaround, you'll still find that the video is streamed at a lower resolution. So while it might look good on a phone, the video will look poorly on your television set.
Basically, if streaming is a part of your cord-cutting setup, you probably shouldn't get rid of broadband internet. However, if you get the content you need from an antenna and aren't looking to stream much, wireless internet could handle your email and Facebook needs.
Q. Should I use my own modem/router?
A. That depends. On one hand, you'll save money on monthly rental fees. On the other, you need to be a bit tech savvy because you might not get support from your ISP should problems arise. Also, keep in mind that you have to buy a modem and router that are compatible with your ISP.
Also:
The TV tipping point: Where do we go from here?
A beginner's guide to cutting the cord
An intro to streaming sticks and boxes
Can you live without cable TV for a week?
Cord-cutters who love sports not totally out of luck
An overview of your cable TV alternatives
Your cord-cutting questions answered
We're helping 3 people cut the cord
Reuters, BEIJING
The Chinese government has approved a plan to clean up the country's online financial sector, according to people with direct knowledge of the matter, including rules to limit the activities of peer-to-peer (P2P) lending firms, the source of recent fraud scandals.
The plan, drafted by China's central bank, follows a video-conference in the middle of last month with 14 ministries and regulators organized by the State Council, the country's Cabinet, which approved the plan document seen by the sources.
It outlines stricter rules for P2P platforms, where lending quadrupled last year to 440 billion yuan (US$67 billion), according to Citigroup research, forbidding them from holding clients' capital in-house.
Instead, client funds must be deposited with a qualified third-party banking institution and kept separate from a P2P platform's own corporate funds. Firms must also set up “firewalls” to manage transactions with affiliates.
“The online finance sector has entered a tough period this year,” Wang Zhijian (王志堅), chief executive officer of FuYin (福銀), a Shanghai-based P2P platform, said at a financial forum on Friday.
“Good platforms welcome government regulation for a simple reason: without good rules, bad players push out good players,” said Wang, adding that a lack of regulation forced all platforms into unfair competition.
In February, authorities arrested 21 officials of Ezubao (e租寶), once China's biggest P2P lending platform, which collected US$7.6 billion inside two years from more than 900,000 investors.
It used savvy marketing, authorities said, to fund “a complete Ponzi scheme” that used investor funds to support a lavish lifestyle for company executives.
Last month, police arrested 21 executives at Zhongjin Capital Management Co (中晉資產管理) — a high-profile Shanghai-based platform that promised retail investors double-digit returns for short-term projects — accusing them of “illegal fundraising.”
“These big cases are neither online finance nor P2P. They are frauds covered in the name of P2P and online finance,” said Wang Sicong (王思聰), chairman of P2P platform eLoan (翼龍貸).
He said eLoan's business dropped by a third after the Ezubao fraud was exposed.
Internet lending has made headlines not just in China recently, with the US Department of Justice investigating San Francisco-based Lending Club Corp, which has admitted falsifying documentation when selling a package of loans.
China's Cabinet is urging the 14 ministries to share information to clean up the online finance sector, the sources said.
The government is also calling for the establishment of a centralized registration system for Internet financial products and a unified platform for Internet bank accounts.
The plan restricts what online financial platforms can do without a license — from raising cash to fund real-estate projects to engaging in financial services such as asset management. It also creates additional responsibilities, such as a requirement to match a client's risk profile to the investment products they sell.
The plan also forbids false advertising of financial products, and prohibits non-financial companies from registering names including “finance,” “asset management,” “P2P,” “payments,” “fund” and “trading exchange.”
An inter-government body led by the central bank is also being set up, with representatives from the banking, securities and insurance regulators, along with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce and the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development.
“I asked him if he wanted to use any of his songs, and he said, “No.” We had a long chat before we did any of this. He said, ‘No, I want you to do it and I want to just be a singer.' So I said okay.” -Shel Talmy
Originally titled Will The Real Lee Hazlewood Please Stand Up?, Forty was a different kind of Hazlewood album, one in which Lee just focused on being a performer. In 1969 on the eve of his fortieth birthday, Lee flew to England and enlisted Shel Talmy (The Kinks, The Who, Chad & Jeremy, Bert Jansch) to produce an album and hand pick the songs. Shel picked some incredible songs for Lee to sing and even wrote him a song that should've been a hit, “Bye Babe.” Recorded at famed IBC recording studio with cream of the crop British session musicians and arrangers, no expense was spared.
Nicky Hopkins piano/organ work on “The Bed” and “The Night Before” evoke his then recent work with the Rolling Stones on Beggar's Banquet and Let It Bleed. Arranger David Whitaker's (Serge Gainsbourg, Vashti Bunyan, Air, “Bittersweet Symphony”) wizardry creates a lush, sophisticated orchestral sound.
“He was one of the more unique arrangers I've ever run into. I think “It Was A Very Good Year” is one of the best arrangements of that song ever.” – Shel Talmy
Forty begins with the boozy suite “It Was A Very Good Year”, a swingin' shapeshifter that could've been a James Bond theme. The album traverses many styles from melancholy baroque orchestral pop(“What's More I Don't Need Her” “Bye Babe” & “The Night Before”) to country funk (“The Bed” & “Let's Burn Down the Cornfield.”)
Light in the Attic Records is proud to continue its Lee Hazlewood Archival series with an expanded reissue of Forty. Every track Shel and Lee recorded for Forty are included here for the first time, including the outtake “For Once in My Life” and the previously unreleased backing track “Send Out Love.”
In exchange for piles of money from major labels, Lee and LHI made promises to produce an amount of recorded material that wasn't humanly possible for one man and a small label. The logistics didn't matter to Lee; once the check was cashed, he would do his damnedest to deliver the herculean output. Forty was one of those records, but what a beautiful way to meet a quota.
Lee liked his work with Shel so much that tracks from Forty were included on subsequent Hazlewood albums Cowboy in Sweden (1970) and Movin' On (1977).
R
AY
v.
W
AL
-M
ART
Opinion of the Court 2
employee‘s termination violates a clear and substantial public policy
of the State of Utah. In this case, several employees
1
of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Wal-Mart) were involved in physical confrontations with shoplifting customers and were ultimately fired for violating company policy. Wal-
Mart‘s policy requires employees to disengage
and withdraw from potentially violent situations. The Employees sued Wal-Mart in federal district court for wrongful termination,
arguing that terminating a person‘s employment for exercising self
- defense in the workplace violates Utah public policy. The district court concluded that their argument raised an issue of first impression under Utah law
—
whether the right of self-defense is the type of public policy that provides an exception to the at-will employment doctrine. Accordingly, it certified the following question of law to us:
―
Is the right of self-defense a substantial public policy exception to the at-will employment doctrine that provides the basis for a wrongful discharge action?
‖
¶2
We conclude that the policy favoring the right of self- defense is a public policy of sufficient clarity and weight t o qualify as an exception to the at-will employment doctrine. But we limit the exception to situations where an employee reasonably believes that force is necessary to defend against an imminent threat of serious bodily harm and the employee has no opportunity to withdraw.
Background
¶3
This case arises out of two separate incidents involving Wal- Mart employees and shoplifters.
2
Each of the Employees was tasked with, among other things, investigating, documenting, and preventing the theft of merchandise by customers and employees from Wal-Mart stores. The Employees were fired for violating Wal-
Mart‘s Policy AP
-09, which provides, If the Suspect is believed to possess a weapon, the Suspect must not be approached. If during an approach or investigation, it becomes apparent that the Suspect has a weapon or brandishes or threatens use of a
1
We refer to the employees collectively as the ―Employees,‖ but
we also refer to them individually as needed.
2
We note that the district court was presented with a third
incident but dismissed the plaintiff‘s claim arising out of that
incident because the
plaintiff did ―not come forward with facts that would allow a reasonable jury to grant him relief.‖ Accordingly, we
David Koch, President of the Power looks on during the AFL Season Launch at Peninsula, Melbourne on March 25, 2015. (Photo: Michael Willson/AFL Media)
PORT Adelaide expects to know next week whether it will be allowed to start the 2016 season with the same number of players as its opposition.
The Power are allowed to upgrade two rookies to cover suspended pair Angus Monfries and Patrick Ryder but are, at this stage, unable to replace the two rookies.
In terms of sheer numbers, the scenario would leave the club short of most of their rivals, including Essendon, come round one.
Earlier this month, the Court of Arbitration for Sport imposed a season-long ban on 34 past and present Essendon players, including Ryder and Monfries.
Essendon lost 12 listed players, and the AFL announced the Dons could sign up to 10 temporary primary list players on short-term contracts.
Port has applied to the League for approval to recruit two top-up rookies and chairman David Koch said an answer was anticipated soon.
"That's under consideration at the moment, they've assured us that we'll get an announcement next week," Koch said.
"They're discussing it internally and also with some of the other clubs as well.
"The ideal response is that we're not two players short of every other club going into the 2016 season.
"As the numbers turn out, we're one player short of Essendon - we'll have 42 players, Essendon will have 43, everyone else will have 44, including rookies, and we think that's unfair."
The Western Bulldogs and St Kilda have also publically stated they would like to top up their rookie lists and Koch said he was "heartened" that "all of the clubs affected are aligned on this".
Bulldogs forward Stewart Crameri and St Kilda backman Jake Carlisle have been banned for the season, along with Melbourne recruit Jake Melksham.
Koch spoke on Friday afternoon to announce a new three-year partnership with Bank SA, which sees the bank join the Power as a premier partner – a level down from Renault and Energy Australia.
MORE ON PORTADELAIDEFC.COM.AU ...
Partner: BankSA joins Port Adelaide in 2016
One on One: Jimmy Toumpas gets grilled
The chief: KT to talk 2016 at Port Club
Lobbe: "I never wanted to leave"
A unanimous panel of federal judges in Chicago ruled Thursday that laws banning same-sex marriage in Indiana and Wisconsin are unconstitutional, becoming the third appeals court to rule that gay couples must be allowed to marry.
The lengthy, often sarcastic ruling from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit said the states could not justify denying marriage to homosexuals, who it said are “among the most stigmatized, misunderstood and discriminated-against minorities in the history of the world.”
“The grounds advanced by Indiana and Wisconsin for their discriminatory policies are not only conjectural; they are totally implausible,” wrote Circuit Judge Richard Posner, an influential jurist chosen for the bench by President Ronald Reagan.
He was joined in the opinion by judges Ann Claire Williams, who was nominated by President Bill Clinton, and David Hamilton, chosen by President Obama.
Two other regional appeals courts — the level of review just below the Supreme Court — have ruled that state bans are unconstitutional. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in Denver struck down bans in Utah and Oklahoma, and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit in Richmond overturned the ban in Virginia.
The winners and losers in all of those cases have asked the Supreme Court for a definitive ruling on whether the fundamental right to marry must be extended to same-sex couples or whether states may define marriage as only between a man and a woman.
The Supreme Court could consider whether to accept the question as early as this month.
The 7th Circuit's decision was not unexpected. During oral arguments, Posner had been a relentless interrogator of the states' lawyers, asking whether the laws were motivated by “hate” and “savage” discrimination.
But the speed of the 40-page ruling was surprising. It came only nine days after oral arguments.
The panel said the laws deprived same-sex couples of the equal protection guaranteed by the Constitution. Such discriminatory laws, the judges said, required government to present a compelling case as to why they are necessary.
“The only rationale that the states put forth with any conviction — that same-sex couples and their children don't need marriage because same-sex couples can't produce children, intended or unintended — is so full of holes that it cannot be taken seriously,” Posner wrote.
He ridiculed the notion that because only heterosexual couples can biologically produce children, it made sense for the states to limit marriage to straight couples.
“Heterosexuals get drunk and pregnant, producing unwanted children; their reward is to be allowed to marry,” Posner wrote. “Homosexual couples do not produce unwanted children; their reward is to be denied the right to marry. Go figure.”
In both states, Posner noted, homosexuals are allowed to adopt children, and in Indiana, unmarried gay couples are allowed to jointly adopt.
He added: “The state should want homosexual couples who adopt children — as, to repeat, they are permitted to do — to be married, if it is serious in arguing that the only governmental interest in marriage derives from the problem of accidental births. (We doubt that it is serious.)”
The panel also made short work of the states' argument that it was constrained from ruling on the merits of the case. Their argument was based on the fact that the Supreme Court once chose not to hear a case about same-sex marriage because it said there was lack of a “federal question.”
The case, Posner wrote, “was decided in 1972 — 42 years ago and the dark ages so far as litigation over discrimination against homosexuals is concerned.”
The ruling does not immediately go into effect. The Supreme Court has stepped in to forbid marriages in the other states while the appeals proceed.
The decision came a day after a federal judge in Louisiana upheld that state's ban on same-sex marriage. It was the first such decision by a district judge, whereas more than 20 challenges have gone the other way.
They are the result of the Supreme Court's 2013 decision in U.S. v. Windsor, which struck down the part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act that defined marriage as only between a man and a woman. But that ruling did not settle the question of whether states may impose such definitions.
Atlanta Teachers In Scandal Told To Quit, Or Else
Atlanta Public Schools interim Superintendent Erroll Davis has sent letters home to all 178 employees implicated in the system's cheating scandal, informing them they can resign next week or face being fired.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that the letters began arriving in mailboxes Friday.
Davis states in the letter that Atlanta Public Schools will accept resignations Monday through Wednesday, and the district will begin termination proceedings against those who decide to try and keep their jobs.
A state investigation released this month found that 178 Atlanta educators cheated on Criterion-Referenced Competency Tests at nearly half of the district's 100 schools. The investigation showed the cheating likely went as far back as 2001, affecting tens of thousands of children.
The scandal has led some Atlanta teachers to retain defense attorneys, vowing to clear their names.
Asra Nomani is a Muslim, liberal-leaning woman who voted for Donald Trump in the presidential election, and on Friday she explained to CNN's Carol Costello why she did it.
WATCH:
Nomani, a former reporter for the Wall Street Journal and co-founder of the Muslim Reform Movement, explained to Costello that Trump is casting light on problems America is ignoring “for the sake of political correctness.”
“What I know is that we have today a very real and serious threat by extremist Muslims,” she stated. “This is a reality that we haven't confronted directly for the sake of political correctness, and if people would hear out the concerns and fears that others have about the issues to refugees and extremists, I think we could find a path that's in the middle.”
Nomani added that “unfortunately, what happens is that this liberal honor brigade shuts down all conversation, calls you ‘bigot' or ‘racist' or ‘islamophobe' if you dare to speak your own concerns.”
“I know that the solution for our world and our country is the middle path, and I believe that the left must move to the middle, the right must move to the middle, then we are going to come up with actually healthy solutions that protect national security as well as human rights.”
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
by Phoenix on 8 May 2013 22:28
New Israel boycotter on the block Prof. Stephen Hawking has been found to be using Israeli products on a daily basis, leaving him open to charges of hypocrisy after calling for a boycott against Israel, according to a statement released by an International human rights organisation.
"Hawking's decision to join the boycott of Israel is quite hypocritical for an individual who prides himself on his own intellectual accomplishment. His whole computer-based communication system runs on a chip designed by Israel's Intel team. I suggest that if he truly wants to pull out of Israel he should also pull out his Intel Core i7 from his tablet" – this according to Nitsana Darshan-Leitner, director of Shurat HaDin – Israel Law Center.
Since 1997, Hawking's computer-based system has been sponsored and provided by Intel. His latest computer is based on an Intel Core i7 Processor. The Core micro architecture was designed by Israel's Intel team that previously designed the Pentium M mobile processor.
More here
On 4 April 2017, the Washington Free Beacon published a report stating that Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, who is considered one of the more politically progressive members of the U.S. Senate, pays her male staffers more than she pays her female staffers, despite the her emphatic public statements on behalf of equal pay for female workers:
[W]omen working for Warren were paid just 71 cents for every dollar paid to men during the 2016 fiscal year, according to a Washington Free Beacon analysis. The median annual earnings for women staffers, $52,750, was more than $20,000 less than the median annual earnings for men, $73,750, according to the analysis of publicly available Senate data. When calculated using average salaries rather than median, the pay gap expands to just over $26,051, or about 31 percent. Consistent with previous Free Beacon analyses of Senate salary data, only full-time staffers who were employed for the entire period in question were included in the calculations. For example, Warren's former chief of staff Mindy Myers and her male replacement Dan Geldon were not included because neither worked the full year. Among employees employed the entire year, only one woman, Warren's director of scheduling, earned a six-figure salary, at $100,624.88. Five men — Warren's director of oversight and investigations ($156,000), legislative director ($149,458), deputy chief of staff ($119,375), Massachusetts state director ($152,310), and deputy state director ($113,750) — earned more than Warren's highest paid woman staffer in 2016.
However, the implied claim that Warren pays women less than men for equivalent work is flawed because the Free Beacon report didn't account for differing pay among job titles — in other words, it was an apples-to-oranges comparison that didn't actually compare the pay of workers of both genders who perform equivalent job duties. The report also only used salary data for staffers who worked in Warren's office for the full 2016 fiscal year (which spanned parts of 2015 and 2016), a selective and arbitrary timeframe that eliminated the most obvious comparison available.
In regards to the latter point, we note that Mindy Myers, a woman, and Daniel Geldon, a man, held the same position as Warren's chief of staff consecutively. As Chief of Staff in 2015, Myers earned $164,458, and when she left at the end of the year (and later accepted a position as executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee), she was replaced by Geldon, whose salary is the same as hers was, according to salary data from the Secretary of the Senate. The Free Beacon excluded Myers and Geldon from their analysis on the basis that neither worked for Warren throughout the full 2015-2016 fiscal year and therefore didn't note that the two were paid equally for holding the same job position.
As to the former point, Brad Fitch, chief executive officer at the Congressional Management Foundation (a nonprofit dedicated to improving operations in Congress and citizen engagement with lawmakers), noted that in order to fairly assess gender pay parity, researchers must take into account variables such as experience and education levels, as well as staff turnover and the reality that people with different job titles earn different salaries — factors not considered in the Free Beacon‘s analysis:
The methodology used in the analysis is flawed; they combined positions and people at different levels in the office. It's the equivalent of comparing a female astronaut to a male welder to conclude some people get paid more than others. If you compare a staff assistant to a chief of staff, it's not a fair comparison.
Fairly comparing pay rates between men and women who work in Senator Warren's office is therefore a challenge because not many of her staffers hold the same job titles, and even among those who do, pay discrepancies between men and women are not obvious when education and experience are factored in. For example, of the ten people who were “regional directors” on Warren's staff in the first half of the 2016 fiscal year, the highest-paid was a man who holds a J.D. and has worked for Warren since 2012. The second-highest paid was a woman who was promoted and received a raise in the second half of the year, setting her pay higher than that of the highest-paid male regional director (but also changing her job title).
Additional factors not considered include that at least one of Warren's staffers, Lauren Miller, also works for the senator's campaign, so her office salary of $69,324 in the 2016 fiscal year is probably only part of her full compensation. Additionally, Kaaren Hinck earned $118,332 in 2015 as an adviser to Warren, but she wasn't included in the report because she left her job halfway through the fiscal year. Yet another woman whose pay wasn't counted was Tracey Lewis, who earned $33,000 while working as Warren's state strategic adviser for just 4 months.
Salary information for Senator Warren's staff is publicly available through the Secretary of the Senate's office, but the Free Beacon's use of only the most recent fiscal year's data, their exclusion of high-earning women on Senator Warren's office staff due to narrow (and seemingly arbitrary) selection criteria, and their non-consideration of job duties and titles doesn't support the implication that Senator Warren pays women less than men for equivalent work. At best, it shows that male staffers earned more than female staffers in Senator Warren's office because more men occupied the top positions among her staff during a selected time frame.
We just knew that too much pumpkin spice would be dangerous.
On Oct. 5, administrators at Cristo Rey Jesuit High School in Baltimore evacuated the building after a “strange odor” overpowered the third floor, reports The Baltimore Sun. School president Bill Heiser told the paper that several students and faculty members had difficulty breathing as the scent “appeared to be getting stronger.”
BEST FALL TREATS THAT AREN'T PUMPKIN SPICE
As the HAZMAT team of the Baltimore City Fire Department bounded in to test for dangerous materials, local firefighters began opening all the windows, and stumbled upon the source of the trouble: an aerosol air freshener plugin in a third floor classroom, espousing a pumpkin spice scent.
While the property was safe, emergency personnel took two students and three adults to the hospital for ailing stomachs, Baltimore fire spokesman Roman Clark told the Sun.
TEEN'S CANCER KEEPS HIM FROM HOMECOMING, DATE BRINGS DANCE TO HIM
“Better to be safe than sorry,” Clark said. Likewise, Heiser knew that the quick decision to evacuate Cristo Rey was the right one.
"I think the best thing to do, if there's any concern and you have a school of 350 students and you have 50 teachers and staff, is to be safe," Heiser added.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
Classes at the private, co-ed, college prep school resumed the next day without issue, according to a statement on the school's website.
Each year, some 2 million people with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and other mental illnesses are arrested for various crimes, inadvertently turning the U.S. correctional system into the nation's primary provider of inpatient psychiatric care.
But an eight-year UC Berkeley study offers a solution. Researchers studied the supervision and outcomes of 359 offenders with mental illness, comparing those who had been placed on traditional probation against those on “specialty mental health probation,” a program in which probation officers with mental health expertise use a more individualized, treatment-oriented approach.
Their findings, published today in the Journal of the American Medical Association – Psychiatry, show that 52 percent of traditional probationers were re-arrested over a two-year follow-up period, compared to 29 percent of specialty probationers.
“We found that specialty officers had better relationships with probationers, participated more in probationers' treatment, and relied more on positive compliance strategies than traditional officers,” said study lead author Jennifer Skeem, a professor of social welfare and of public policy at UC Berkeley.
Skeem and fellow researchers launched the study in 2006, recruiting probationers with mental illnesses in two demographically similar urban areas of Texas and California. About half of offenders were placed on specialty probation while the other half were on regular probation.
For the first year of the study, researchers interviewed probationers and their officers three times. Next, they obtained FBI arrest records to assess which probationers had re-offended in up to a five-year period. All probationers were followed for at least two years.
In their analysis, researchers found that the odds of re-arrest for people on regular probation were more than two-and-a-half times higher than for those on special probation at two years, and that the benefits of specialty probation lasted for up to five years.
“Specialty probation holds substantial promise as a method for reducing mass incarceration for people with mental illness,” Skeem said.
Moreover, she added, “prisons and jails spend two to three times more money on offenders with mental illness but rarely see improvements in public safety. This is one of the reasons that more than 375 U.S. counties have joined the Stepping Up Initiative, a national effort to reduce the number of people with mental illness in jails.”
In addition to Skeem, co-authors of the study are Sarah Manchak at the University of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Lina Montoya at UC Berkeley.
The Jacksonville Jaguars will be replacing Terry Richardson on their coaching staff, a source tells Big Cat Country. Richardson had spent the past two seasons with the team as a running backs coach, but with the hiring of both Doug Marrone and Greg Olson, it was believed more changes were on the horizon and the running backs coach appears to be the first change.
Richardson had 14 years of coaching experience, including the two seasons he spent with the Jaguars. Prior to joining the Jaguars, Richardson spent most of his time in the college ranks with the Florida Gators , Miami Hurricanes and Connecticut Huskies.
At this time, we do not know who the new running backs coach will be but there is also feeling that there will be more changes on the offensive staff later this week, as Ryan O'Halloran of The Florida Times-Union predicted last week on 1010XL with Mike Dempsey.
We will update this story with more information as the story develops.
UPDATE (August 6, 12:50 p.m.):
Daymond John, one of the co-founders of FUBU, was approached by TMZ about this situation, and his response is what most people wouldn't expect. John was seen on the streets wearing a FUBU football jersey, hat, and chain, and declaring his admiration for the racist Southern man who was wearing his sneakers.
John said that, "FUBU is for people of all colors," and, even more interestingly, "The guy has great taste in sneakers and ... people have been calling FUBU every day now. I wish I knew his name, I want to write him a check."
It appears that FUBU is also in the midst of a re-launch. A few months ago, the guys from Amsterdam's Patta, a sneaker boutique and clothing line, were seen with Willie Esco, who recently helped re-launch Coogi and Etonic, standing behind a FUBU logo.
Sounds like perfect timing for John.
Watch the video below.
See original story from August 3, 2015, below.
Racial tensions are heating up in America, aided by those in the South who don't want to get rid of the Confederate Flag, and, oddly enough, sneakers have been played a minor role in protests that recently took place in Stone Mountain, Ga.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
First it was reported that a man wearing Air Jordan IIIs had stomped on a flag in front of the Confederate flag-waving faithful, but now a story that further examines race and style has emerged. As noted by Raw Story, Pine Lake, Ga., city council member George Chidi — who happens to be black — confronted a white man with a Ku Klux Klan tattoo, who was carrying the Confederate flag and wearing a pair of FUBU sneakers.
FUBU — a clothing company founded in 1992 in Queens, New York, by Daymond John, J. Alexander Martin, Keith Perrin, and Carlton Brown — is an acronym of "For Us, By Us," a call to African Americans in the fashion industry.
When confronted, the man with the sneakers had no clue what he was wearing and defends his right to wear the sneakers, saying, "I don't care what it's by, I bought 'em, it's my right to buy." And further said, "I don't care if Afro Americans wear them."
The man with the FUBU sneakers goes on to say, "The sneakers you wore were probably designed by a white man in the 1920s."
The conversation between the two men is eventually broken up, with Chidi's point lost upon the man in the FUBU sneakers.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Watch the exchange unfold below:
White House urged to pay interns
CLOSE Natalie DiBlasio hosts USA NOW for August 20, 2013, covering the controversy behind unpaid White House interns. USA TODAY, USA NOW, Kaveh Rezaei,
President Obama (Photo11: Susan Walsh, AP)
The campaign to end unpaid internships has reached the White House.
The Fair Pay Campaign, a private group, is calling on President Obama and aides to pay White House interns, hoping the move will inspire other employers.
"We have a minimum wage law in this country, and just because you call someone an intern doesn't mean you get out of it," says Mikey Franklin of the Fair Pay Campaign, reports CNNMoney.
Interns across the country have made complains and even filed lawsuits over the lack-of-pay issue.
From CNNMoney:
"According to the White House website, its internships are unpaid, housing isn't provided, and interns should expect to work 'at least Monday-Friday, 9 am-6 pm.'
"The campaign's focus has turned to President Obama as he has been stumping for raising the minimum wage all summer."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/165IUQq
Ivo van Hove is a director who loves classic plays. It's just hard to tell sometimes. He doused Hedda Gabler in V8 juice. He parked a fully clothed Blanche DuBois in a bathtub. He staged a food fight in “The Misanthrope.” A dramaturgical provocateur, he's not keen on keeping the story straight.
This month Mr. van Hove returns to New York with “Scenes From a Marriage,” his stage adaptation of Ingmar Bergman's drama about a troubled couple, Johan and Marianne, in a new English translation by the playwright Emily Mann. And he's using his considerable knife skills to slice his way through a new target: New York Theater Workshop itself.
Mr. van Hove, the artistic director of the Dutch theater company Toneelgroep Amsterdam, and his longtime production designer, Jan Versweyveld, have emptied the interior of the company's East Village home to create an entirely new playing space — or spaces. James C. Nicola, the company's artistic director, said the extensive transformation is second only to the steeply raked seating, based on a 19th-century medical operating theater, it put together for Caryl Churchill's “A Number” in 2004.
Story highlights George W. Bush and Michelle Obama have been seen becoming increasingly chummy
On Saturday , Obama reached over and grabbed Bush into a hug
(CNN) Saturday's dedication of the National Museum of African-American History and Culture brought together the president who signed into law the funding for the museum and the president who was in office during its completion.
But the gathering of the 43rd and 44th first couples also saw the reuniting of two unlikely friends.
Over the past eight years, former President George W. Bush and First Lady Michelle Obama have been seen becoming increasingly chummy. At public events, the two can often be found sitting next to each other, sharing a laugh or lending a hand to hold.
Saturday's ceremony was no exception. During the event, Obama reached over and grabbed Bush into a hug as their spouses clapped and looked on.
Zach Gibson/AFP/Getty Images
Bush asked his successor for a little help taking a selfie.
Here's the moment President Bush asked President Obama for a little help taking a selfie https://t.co/htnaP3apwd https://t.co/lAO972CR3A — CNN (@CNN) September 24, 2016
Read More
When the Chris Christie-for-president chatter first started, in 2011, voters in his home state of New Jersey took pride in having a celebrity governor. As Nancy Reagan escorted Mr. Christie to his speech at her husband's presidential library, and hedge fund billionaires, The Weekly Standard and The Wall Street Journal's editorial pages urged him to run, his approval ratings jumped. Voters told pollsters the national attention made him more effective, and improved their state's long-maligned image.
Four years later, with Governor Christie again considering a run for president, his constituents appear to be tiring of the whole routine.
Polls taken over the last three months reveal a list of home-state complaints: Mr. Christie's favorability is at its lowest point, with more voters disapproving than approving of his job performance. New Jersey residents think he is making decisions with an eye on his national standing rather than on what is good for their state. They do not think he should run for president — they are, as the slogan goes, ready for Hillary — but most expect he will, and want him to resign if he does. Political talk in New Jersey centers less on Mr. Christie running for president and more on which one of three Democrats quietly seeking to succeed him will win — even though that election is three years away.
For his part, Mr. Christie has begun living a life that is strikingly apart from the state he governs. As chairman of the Republican Governors Association over the last year, he spent 152 days, or 42 percent of his time, outside New Jersey. He has been out of the state for 137 days, or 40 percent of the time, since his second inauguration in January. If he starts a campaign for the presidency early in 2015, it would ensure a tenure spent more on national pursuits than on, say, Pinelands preservation or taking on public employees over pension reform — the issue that brought him all the national attention in the first place.
A Pennsylvania woman attempting to escape from police drove her SUV into a river and then calmly sat inside the vehicle drinking beer while ignoring police as they urged her to come ashore.
Police in York, Pennsylvania, chased a woman to the York Haven boat launch intending to arrest her for fleeing from them in her 2011 Subaru Outback. But as officers approached her vehicle, the woman gunned the engine, sending her vehicle about 20 feet out into the Susquehanna River.
Officers report that the woman ignored their calls to open the door and swim ashore and instead sat calmly in the driver's seat drinking her beer, USA Today reported.
Eventually the fire department arrived by boat, pulled the woman from her SUV, brought her ashore, and delivered her into the waiting arms of police.
The incident began when the woman was seen rolling through a stop sign in East Manchester Township. A radio alert was issued for police to be on the lookout for her vehicle and the woman was eventually chased to the docks.
It was then, when police approached her car, that she drove into the river.
“For whatever reason, she decides to drive into the river,” Newberry Police Chief John Snyder told the media.
Newberry Township Police Sgt. Keith Farren added that the woman was unconscious by the time firefighters reached her by boat.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
There's been a large transformation in Major League Baseball's voting for its Cy Young award - given to each league's top pitcher - in recent years. For a long time, win/loss record would be used as one of the major voting metrics, with winners usually recording at last 18-20 wins and rarely losing more than 10 starts. But Felix Hernandez of the god-awful Mariners winning the American League's award in 2010 with a 13-12 record may have changed that for good.
It seems that a similar change is underway when it comes to Vezina voting in the NHL. Not long ago, the bias towards wins couldn't be more obvious. In 2004, Martin Brodeur won the award with 38 wins over Roberto Luongo who had 25. Brodeur's save percentage that year was .917. Luongo's? .931. Nowadays, such a result would be blasphemous even among the mainstream media - look at how many of them reacted to Brodin's snub this spring - and yet still, this bias pervades another award.
The three finalists for GM of the year in 2013 are the Anaheim's Bob Murray, Pittsburgh's Ray Shero, and Montreal's Marc Bergevin. To be clear, none of the three are bad GMs, and their teams all made the playoffs at least partially as a result of their positive transactions, but it's hardly a coincidence that their teams ranked second, first, and second respectively in their conferences this year. It's easy to choose GMs whose teams are currently experiencing success, but judging general managers by wins and losses is nearly as flawed as doing the same for goalies.
It's easy to choose GMs whose teams are currently experiencing success, but judging general managers by wins and losses is nearly as flawed as doing the same for goalies.
Building a team is a process, one that takes years, and the moves that one made in 2012-2013 may not pay dividends until years later. That said, there are ways to judge general managers, and the award is an acceptable one, but it requires more creativity and insight than the electorate of 30 GMs and a small selection of media members have shown.
The way I see it there are two potential criteria for selection. 1) The General Manager who made the best transactions in that year alone, or 2) The General Manager whose team, at the time of voting, looks in the best shape as a direct result of his moves, past or present.
If one uses criterion no. 1, then the best choice in my mind is Doug Wilson of the San Jose Sharks. Wilson had every reason in the world - and much backing - to blow up his underperforming team and start fresh with a new core. Instead, he added youth to it and, at the trade deadline, managed to pawn one of the worst possession defensemen in the NHL and a forward with zero goals in 2013 into 3 second-round picks and Raffi Torres, a solid playoff performer and capable top-9 player.
If one decides criterion no. 2 is more to one's liking, then how about Chicago Blackhawks GM Stan Bowman? Bowman took a mess of a cap situation left by Dale Tallon, recognized the assets worth keeping, and retooled on the fly. Following last season, skeptics were calling for a complete overhaul, but the younger Bowman stuck to his guns, added some parts, and now his team is by far the best in the NHL.
Personally, I think a combination of the two criteria is the optimal solution, and my vote, without a doubt, would go to New York Islanders GM Garth Snow.
Consider this: The Islanders have the third lowest cap hit in the league this year, at $53 million, and about $12 million of that is being spent on Alexei Yashin, Rick DiPietro, and Tim Thomas. Yes that's right, remember. Snow had to acquire Thomas just so the team could reach the cap floor. The Islanders made the playoffs, earned above-average possession stats, and nearly defeated the "powerhouse" Penguins with $41 million of active cap hit.
Go and look at the Isles' cap geek page. I'll wait. You won't find one bad contract there. John Tavares is a stud locked up at $5.5 million for the next five years. Frans Nielsen is one of the most underrated centers in the league, he makes 2.75. Andrew MacDonald, the best player in the NHL you may have never heard of, is an RFA after making $550,000 next year. Lubomir Visnovsky makes $5.6 million, which might be a little steep, but he's been rejuvenated this year, an irreplaceable piece on a young squad, putting up elite possession numbers.
Speaking of Visnovsky, it wasn't so long ago people were laughing at how nobody wanted to play for the Islanders. Goaltender Evgeni Nabokov was understandably upset when he signed back in the NHL two years ago. He thought he was going to Detroit for a long playoff run, instead he was claimed off waivers and sent to Long Island. He didn't want to report until Snow convinced him the team was going in the right direction, and that he wasn't going to deal the goaltender. Visnovsky was equally unpleased with being dealt, but somewhere along the line, something changed. We don't know for sure what it was, but chances are Snow played a part. ("But wait!" people yell, "Ray Shero convinced Jarome Iginla to come to Pittsburgh!" I don't think tampering should win you an award, maybe you disagree.)
After two straight seasons finishing last in the Atlantic Division, many GMs would have fired their coach, but Garth Snow stuck with Jack Capuano, and now his coach is a contender for the Jack Adams.
Of course, Snow hasn't been perfect overall. He signed Rick DiPietro to an atrocious contract, although it would be a logical assumption that owner Charles Wang mandated it - after all the previous GM was suspiciously fired after only a month on the job. Snow didn't equip this team with a good enough goaltender, but he also didn't overpay for a Bryzgalov, and as this team's window is just opening, that cap flexibility will allow him to find a capable alternative this offseason.
Marc Bergevin made some good moves this year, but the core of his team was largely in place before his hiring, and he has signed some shady extensions. Bob Murray threw a lot of money at his star players and they took it. If this team is still a Stanley Cup threat (were they even one this year?) a few years down the line, I might give him more praise. Ray Shero added a couple of big-name over-the-hill forwards, but also failed to address his defense (Murray doesn't count).
Arguments could be made for many candidates, but Garth Snow, the guy who jumped from backup goaltender to the front office, is my choice. His team has had a hell of a year, and it should have many more to come. But while others have been throwing money at free agents, he's been building through the draft, and using timely trades and signings to turn a perennial laughing stock into a legitimate contender. That's the mark of a GM of the Year for me.
Whether you need sheets, towels or something in between, bed and bath deals make sure you get the most for your housewares dollar. Check out the coupons and codes we've found to keep your budget on track and you can outfit your rooms like a pro.
Where to Find the Best Bed and Bath Deals
When it's time to dress up your bedroom and bathroom, it makes sense to head to a bed and bath store. One of the first that comes to mind is Bed Bath and Beyond. This retailer always has sale and clearance deals that can save you 50 to 70%. Save an additional 20% off one item online or in stores with the bed and bath coupons that appear in magazines or as a reward for subscribing to the mailing list. Another place to use a bed and bath coupon code is Macy's. Besides frequent codes for site-wide sales, you'll find discounts and codes in ads or in the website's deals sections. Find even more deals on sheets and bedding at Walmart and Amazon, where you can pick up extra savings during sales and promotions.
Need a bed frame or mattress? One place to go is Zinus. This retailer specializes in bedroom furniture for all types of sleepers, and there are deals, too. You'll get 10% off your first purchase, and you can save more with special sales. Free shipping and a 100-day return period make it easy to get what you want and easy to return it if it doesn't meet your needs.
When to Find Bed and Bath Deals
January white sales are a long-standing tradition. Start off the New Year right with bed and bath deals on new bedding, towels and other supplies for the home. Stores need to move out old inventory to make way for new, providing bargains for you in the process, so be on the lookout for bed and bath discount codes at your favorite retailers.
Unlike bed and bath linens, new mattress models don't usually get to stores until March or April. That's the time to save by opting for an older, discounted mattress model. Floor samples can really help you reap savings, too, as you may find them at 50% off.
10 years ago
Gov. Palin's office announced Friday night that two more ethics complaints have been filed against her in the last week.
(CNN) – The two new ethics complaints filed against Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin in the past week should be ‘a wake-up call,' the former Republican vice presidential candidate says.
In a statement released late Friday night, Palin's office announced that two more ethics complaints had been filed against the governor in the week since she made her surprise announcement that she plans to step down later this month -including one complaint filed on Friday.
“Although the governor would not have thought it possible, the latest complaint rises to a new level of absurdity in alleging that she has been paid for interviews that she has given to the news media,” Palin's chief of staff Mike Nizich said in a release announcing the filing of the recent complaints.
“It is amazing to me that anyone could think that, let alone put their name behind it and once again seek to distract state officials and needlessly increase their work load. The state is losing the value of some of its expenditures when public servants are pulled away from important assignments to deal with far-fetched and mean-spirited allegations,” added Nizich.
For her own part Palin used the leveling of two more ethics complaints against her in a week's time to call for a more productive political discourse in her state.
“The only saving grace in this recent episode is that it proves beyond any doubt the significance of the problem Alaska faces in the ‘new normal' of political discourse,” Palin also said in Friday's statement announcing the complaints. “I hope this will be a wake-up call – to legislators, to commentators and to citizens generally – that we need a much more civil and respectful dialogue that focuses on the best interests of the state, rather than the petty resentments of a few.”
Of the total of 19 ethics complaints that have been filed against Palin or her staff, “15 have been resolved without any finding of wrongdoing, and four are now pending,” Friday's statement from Palin's office also said.
Hello everyone.
What's that?
I don't think I quite caught that….
Is this some kind of elaborate hoax?
No it's not.
What started with a very early and rough Christmas multiplayer test between Lemmy and Binky across the UK some 2 years ago, progressed through to the integration (and subsequent untegration. Sorry about that, we're working on it!) of split-screen, we've been poking our noses in from time to time and its finally time to show it off!
SO WHAT IS IT?
Online multiplayer with persistent player run servers! Yes!
We have no figures on maximum player count as of yet, but we'll be expanding our tests in the run up to release and suspect it'll be connection and server spec limited only. Bugs aside, it managed 10-12 or so on a domestic cable connection pretty effortlessly though, and could probably have gone higher and whatever the limit can definitely be optimized further.
Anyone with a copy of PZ will be able to launch their own dedicated console only PZ server just by passing the appropriate parameters to the executable (or running a batch file, or whatever) with whitelists and blacklists, choice of co-op or PvP (purposefully defaulted to co-op to ram the point home) and all that goodness. Servers will be fully moddable using the same stuffs you mod PZ with now. Modders will be able to create their own networky messages to sync the server and client, and we'll add checksums to check both server and client are running the same mods. In future we could look to auto-download stuff in cases the clients don't have what is required.
Due to the moddable nature of the game and the easily decompilable nature of Java, it's likely that we're not particularly hack resilient, so until we can work on some solid countermeasures, people should stick to whitelisted servers with user/pass access, to allow servers to be policed effectively and ‘wrong'uns' removed. You can read more on all this on this thread, where Lemmy was very proud and also frustrated to hold his tongue on the status of the multiplayer in his responses.
We also plan for split-screen to work seamlessly with the multiplayer once it's reintegrated, so two, three, even four players on a single machine (perhaps in a living room on SteamOS!) all to inhabit the same online world together.
Y NO NPCS?
YES NPCs are still very much in development. In fact we've done some work on them in the past couple of weeks, along with the new meta-game stuff detailed in the last couple of Mondoids. However, since release, and particularly since our appearance on Steam, it's become clearer and clearer not only that MP is of such massive demand, but that the lack of multiplayer has had a not insignificant effect on the ‘must-haveness' of Zomboid to a large chunk of gamers out there, that would otherwise have dove in long ago.
We need to make clear that this in no way impacts the Indie Stone's massive focus on single-player for this game. Remember that outside of game design, Will, one of the co-owners of Indie Stone, as well as PZ dev RingoD's sole development responsibility on the game is single player story and NPC writing and scripting, so you can bet they will be given a ton of attention.
As a development team we vehemently uphold the principle that a game should not punish players who invest in the single player, who wish or have to play alone with fewer features and scope, and we are the first to complain when an RPG series we like goes all ‘MMO' and more or less ends our interest and participation there and then. Our fondest hope is that once NPCs are added to the game, most people would choose to leave them enabled as part of a multiplayer server, so integral as they will feel to the dynamics of the game. In short, multiplayer will always remain just that: A way of playing the single player game with multiple people, and we'll never rest on it as a crutch and let single player features slide.
That all said, despite the closer community of our game being ravenous for NPCs, the lack of multiplayer has been a cavernous hole in our game as far as a huge percentage of people are concerned.
So why did multiplayer hit before NPCs? Well, as amazing as it sounds, and it has surprised us too considering the nightmare that is network coding. The NPCs have become such a hotly anticipated and crucial to get right feature of the game, as Mathas has repeatedly quite correctly said, they are the feature that PZ will live or die by, and so the unthinkable happened and NPCs ended up becoming a more complicated and difficult task than the multiplayer did.
As Lemmy dropped back and forth between them as one or the other caused migraines and/or swearing at the computer monitor, it started to become clear that multiplayer was beginning to slot into place a lot faster than expected, and NPCs a lot slower. Multiplayer development however had the privilege of being mostly unknown to the community, who had written it off (often with sadness) as ‘not for a few years', where NPCs have been more or less perpetually in the spotlight. This doesn't affect how long one or the other take, regardless, despite NPCs having the lions share of time devoted to them.
There are two camps in the PZ community, and while a lot of the community will be ecstatic about this Mondoid, we don't want the NPC camp to be fearful or disappointed. The team are still beavering away at those AI controlled twerps and the only reason you haven't gotten your mitts on them is because ‘damn we need to get this right and it ain't quite right yet'.
SO WHAT'S LEFT TO DO?
Despite the cherry picking of footage, there are still a fair few issues, things not synchronised, and a few map streaming bugs over the ol' internet, so this isn't releasing tomorrow or anything, but as you can probably tell it's largely functional and the vast majority of the work is behind us.
A few things. Bugs like barricading, farming and hanging sheets not synchronizing between the clients. Coding the thirst system to work over the net. Fixing a few bugs in the map downloading system that transfers the maps to the clients. An uncannily large percentage of the game is fully functional online at this stage, but there's still a bunch to do – and since we're now at the stage of closed testing you should not read that a public release is super imminent. Just it's harder and harder to contain and keep this on the down-low: we're very very excited about it all.
In the run up to open testing, however, you can probably look forward to peeps like Twiggy, Mathas and whatnot partaking in some multiplayer Zomboidin', given their (now rather obvious) tester access, as soon as we're comfortable with unedited video of MP being stable and bug-free enough to be transmitted warts and all.
No ETAs as usual but hopefully its clear that it's not far off. Though ‘not far off' doesn't necessarily mean this week, or next week. But then again that's in the realm of remote possibility none-the-less.
It all really depends on how well future tests go and what new issues crop up, but it's certainly not months away – or ‘next year' as per previous community estimates.
And finally, our forum peeps have something else to say when the ‘WHEN MULTIPLAYER' threads pop up!
BUILD 22
On its way soon! As Twiggy viewers will no doubt be aware the build is starting to look pretty darn stable, so we'll look to getting that build out on the beta branch very soon! Details here.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Paul Ryan speaks about the budget on Capitol Hill, March 20, 2012. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) Ad Policy
Remember when, in the 2012 vice presidential debate, Paul Ryan was asked about his plans for Medicare?
Ryan said that, yes, he “absolutely” wanted to “reform” Medicare.
He was less specific about the fact that his favored reform, a so-called “premium support” scheme, rejects basic premises of the popular program and restructures it as a voucher experiment.
Ryan kept that part vague because it scares not just Americans who rely on Medicare but Americans who are nearing retirement age. (In fact, polling suggests, it scares Americans who are a long way from retirement age.)
The fear is legitimate. The reforms Ryan has proposed in various forms over the past several years represent a radical abandonment of the commitment made in 1965 when President Lyndon Johnson signed the bill establishing Medicare with the promise that
No longer will older Americans be denied the healing miracle of modern medicine. No longer will illness crush and destroy the savings that they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dignity in their later years. No longer will young families see their own incomes, and their own hopes, eaten away simply because they are carrying out their deep moral obligations to their parents, and to their uncles, and their aunts. And no longer will this Nation refuse the hand of justice to those who have given a lifetime of service and wisdom and labor to the progress of this progressive country.
When he was his party's nominee for vice president, Paul Ryan sought to address voter concerns about that abandonment by promising not to mess with retired Americans or with Americans who are near retirement age.
At the critical point in the debate, the House Budget Committee nominee explained: “You see, if you reform these programs for my generation, people 54 and below, you can guarantee they don't change for people in or near retirement, which is precisely what Mitt Romney and I are proposing.”
Well, never mind.
Now, Ryan is working up a new budget plan. And instead of only targeting “people 54 and below,” he has, according to published reports, “privately been floating the idea of allowing his changes to Medicare to kick in for Americans younger than 56.”
Indeed, says a House Republican who attended a closed-door meeting with Ryan Monday, the Budget Committee chairman has told colleagues that, in order to balance the budget over the next decade (as his new plan will propose), he might have to adjust the age as high as 59.
“Paul Ryan was pretty clear that that could happen. You could have to take it up to a higher number like 56, 57, 59… it could be higher than 55, but he also said, ‘We don't have any numbers yet,' ” the Republican lawmaker told The Hill.
59?
What this suggests is that, in order to initiate the European-style austerity agenda that Ryan and many top Republicans now appear to be determined to bring to America, they are entertaining proposals that could upset the retirement plans of millions of Americans who had been planning to rely on traditional Medicare coverage in their retirement.
That's a radical change, and a daunting one, especially for workers in the 55–59 age range, who are already well into planning for retirement—which on average occurs around age 62. Those workers, battered by the economic meltdown of 2008 and in many cases struggling to pay for the education of children and the care of elderly parents, are already squeezed.
And Paul Ryan appears to be interested in squeezing them more.
Why?
Not because Medicare is inefficient, ineffective or unpopular. Indeed, the program is well-regarded both for the access to care it provides and for the cost-effectiveness with which it is provided. As Congressman Keith Ellison, D-Minnesota, notes:
Medicare alone provides health care to 40 million American seniors and more than 8 million Americans with disabilities—and does so at a fraction of the cost of private insurance. Inevitably, we are going to be asked about the rising cost of health care. We should welcome this conversation. Allowing Medicare Part D to negotiate lower drug prices for seniors—just like the Veterans Administration already does—will save more than $150 billion over 10 years. But cutting benefits has nothing to do with cutting health care costs, and actually increases costs for seniors. Raising the retirement age for Medicare would cost our own family members over $2,000 and increase health care costs by over $11 trillion.
So what's Ryan thinking? Actually, he's not thinking about saving Medicare. He's thinking about advancing the austerity agenda of the “Fix the Debt” crowd that keeps proposing to “reform entitlements” at the same time that it is seeking to lower top marginal tax rates for the wealthiest Americans and the largest corporations.
That's an easy sell on Wall Street. But a tough one on Main Street.
House Republicans in vulnerable districts are already crying foul, noting that they sought election on a promise not to mess with the plans of Americans nearing retirement—the same promise Ryan made in the debate. Their concerns could cause Ryan to temper some of his plans—at least publicly—as he rolls out his latest budget proposal.
Yet, every evidence is that Ryan is determined to mess with Medicare—even if the move is politically charged. Tea Party “deficit hawks” want to do so.
And so does Ryan's core constituency.
No, not the voters back home in Wisconsin. Nor even the Republicans who might entertain a “Ryan for president” run in 2016.
Ryan's campaign-donor constituency.
Insurance companies that certainly have an interest in those “premium support” vouchers provide a lot of campaign contributions to Paul Ryan. According to the Center for Responsive Politics, donors with insurance company ties were number three on the list of top contributor's to Ryan's 2012 congressional campaign, right after donors from the securities and investment industry.
Perhaps the theory is that, with enough campaign money, it will be possible to convince members of one of America's highest-voting age demographics that they don't mind having their retirement plans sacrificed on the altar of austerity.
If that's the gamble, Ryan would do well to remember that when the voters who had elected and re-elected him to the US House by wide margins in elections from 1998 to 2010 got a sense of his plans for Medicare in 2012, they weren't impressed. Not only did Ryan and Mitt Romney lose nationally, they lost in Ryan's home state of Wisconsin, and Ryan the congressional candidate recorded the worst finish of his career. Even after he is sugar-coated his proposals for election audiences, Ryan lost his home precinct, his hometown and his home county to a candidate who promised not to mangle Medicare.
Far from stiffing seniors, it's time to tax financial transactions, Katrina vanden Heuvel writes.
The newly elected mayor of Jackson, Wyoming, has removed the portraits of President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence from the Town Hall building's entrance, breaking a decades-long tradition.
Mayor Pete Muldoon replaced the photographs of Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence with one of former Shoshone Chief Washakie, who “played a pivotal role in the region's settlement,” according to the Jackson Hole News & Guide.
“Our town government takes a lot of pride in the details, in getting it right, in working together, in respecting all members of the community, in service to the public and in competence,” Mr. Muldoon told the newspaper. “Our current president shows no interest in any of these things, and I think it sends the wrong message when we honor him.”
The mayor explained his decision in a press release Sunday after his removal of the portraits drew backlash.
“There has been an argument made that we should respect the office of the president, if not the president himself,” Mr. Muldoon said. “Fair enough — but there are two other equal branches of government, and no one seems particularly interested in displaying portraits of the Speaker of the House or the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.”
The mayor explained that he sees no “educational value” or purpose in honoring Mr. Trump, whom he described as “an extremely divisive figure.”
“Whether you agree with his opinions or not, it's undeniably true that many residents intensely dislike him, and find his political views odious. Our previous president, whether deserved or not, evoked a similar response from some residents,” Mr. Muldoon said. “When the Town Of Jackson decides to honor such a divisive person, it is taking sides against some of its residents. The Town Council has made no such decision, and until and unless it does, that kind of honor will not be bestowed. I don't know who put up the portrait of Trump, but it was not authorized by myself or the Council. If Barack Obama was still president, I would make the same decision.”
Councilman Jim Stanford said it was his idea to replace the portraits of Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence with a photo of Chief Washakie.
“We're not a federal building so we're not required to hang pictures of the president and vice president,” Mr. Stanford told News & Guide. “There's been a lot of redecorating going on around Town Hall. The mayor and I talked about continuing that trend, and I didn't particularly like those pictures. Chief Washakie is somebody we can all get behind. Town Hall should be a haven for people from all backgrounds.”
County Commissioner Paul Vogelheim, chairman of the Teton County Republicans, said he was disappointed by the mayor's actions.
“Hanging pictures of the president has been a tradition in the community since at least the mid-‘80s,” he told News & Guide. “I find this totally disrespectful and dishonoring of the position of the president. Even more so, the concern is that it's bringing ugly national partisan politics into our community.”
Republican state Rep. Tyler Lindholm also posted a video on Facebook criticizing the mayor's decision, The Blaze reported.
“As soon as a Republican's elected, Jackson takes the stance that they're gonna jerk their pictures down,” he said. “I guess that shows character, doesn't it.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Embattled Syrian President Bashar Assad's intentional use of chemical weapons against innocent women and children amounts to behavior worse than that of Adolf Hitler, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Tuesday.
Speaking with reporters one week after a chemical attack killed 87 civilians and injured over 550 in Idlib province, Spicer said that Assad's tactics were not utilized by Hitler, "who didn't even sink to using chemical weapons.”
Spicer on Syria: “You had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn't even sink to using chemical weapons...” pic.twitter.com/UN3JfRRg0w — Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 11, 2017
“We didn't use chemical weapons in World War II,” said Spicer, who was explaining US President Donald Trump's decision to draw a red line against the use of chemical weapons. “Someone who is despicable as Hitler who didn't even sink to using chemical weapons. You have to, if you're Russia, ask yourself, is this a country... a regime that you want to align yourself with?”Asked by a member of the press corps to clarify his remarks, Spicer said that Assad's decision to indiscriminately drop chemical toxins on civilian areas separated him out from other dictators“I think when you come to sarin gas, there was no — he was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing,” Spicer said. “He brought him into the Holocaust center. I understand that. But I'm saying in the way that Assad used them where he went into towns, dropped them down into innocent, into the middle of towns. So the use of it, I appreciate the clarification there. That was not the intent.”Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi released a statement following the press conference, saying that "Sean Spicer must be fired, and the President must immediately disavow his spokesman's statements."In response to Spicer's remarks AJC (a global Jewish advocacy organization) CEO David Harris said: “AJC is astonished by White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer's comment today that Adolph Hitler did not use chemical weapons. What did the Nazis use to exterminate millions of Jews if not chemicals in their death camps?"“Any comparisons between Hitler and other dictators, or between the Holocaust and other tragedies, such as Syria, are tricky and not advisable,” said Harris. “The conflict in Syria is horrific, and Assad's regular use of chemical weapons, decades after they were banned, is abominable. But the uniqueness of the Nazi killing machine's targeting of one people, Jews, and use of chemical gases to kill them should never be forgotten."During the war, Hitler rounded up millions of Jews— including Germany's Jewish population— to commit the worst mass murder in recorded human history. His Nazi regime used hydrogen cyanide, a toxin, to gas Jews to death in locked death chambers.Danielle Ziri contributed to this article.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Deep in the tunnels of Moscow's Metro, a mother tells her child that life wasn't always confined to an endless stretch of cement and darkness. People used to live on the surface. But you've just come back from that place; beneath ever-present clouds sits the empty husk of a decimated civilization, every inch of which is enveloped in radiation. If that doesn't kill you, the mutants probably will. The world above is terrifying, but the sad truth is it's not much worse than life below. Warring political factions have splintered what remains of the human race. Mankind may have survived a nuclear holocaust, but it's trying its damnedest to snuff itself out.
Both Metro 2033 and Metro: Last Light paint a hopelessly bleak picture with their fantastic, almost tangible portrayal of a post-apocalyptic world. Every radiation-made monster wants you for dinner; every human being has a secret, selfish agenda; and your only reprieve from the deadly wasteland above or tunnels below are makeshift Metro towns in which people sob aloud as they eat pasty-looking mushroom soup for the hundredth night in a row. It's all terribly harrowing, and prettier than ever thanks to Metro Redux's glorious visual facelift.
As a young man named Artyom, you'll be sent on a series of high-profile missions, which will have you exploring rarely-traveled tunnels full of monsters, bandits, and other unsavory characters, in addition to the hostile world above. All of these places are rife with environmental storytelling cues, and you'll really get a great sense of the struggles and dangers that come with living in a post-nuclear world. Exploring some areas can be a bit confusing, though. While Metro 2033 and Last Light are far from being open world games, there's no hand-holding compass to tell you where to go so you'll have to spend a bit of time figuring out how to progress should you miss a lever or cleverly hidden passageway.
Exploring the metro on PS4/Xbox One When Metro 2033 and Last Light came out, playing them on a high-end PC was the only way to go. They are incredibly gorgeous games--and the visual overhaul that both receive in Metro Redux finally does them justice on consoles. Also, they now run at 60fps--a significant change from their non-Redux counterparts, which has the added benefit of making gunplay feel far more accommodating than the too-sluggish 30fps. These are fantastic games, and Redux's graphical improvements and gameplay tweaks make them even better. If you haven't played Metro, now is the time.
Still, the atmosphere here is of a caliber that many games fail to achieve, and its grim tones bleed into Redux's every mechanic to create an incredibly immersive experience. Navigating a tunnel deep within the Metro network is excruciatingly isolating; the hairs will stand up on the back of your neck once your flashlight dies and you have to spend precious seconds manually recharging it with a crank as mutant spiders scurry about. You'll feel a powerful sense of urgency whenever the filter on Artyom's gas mask needs to be swapped out and you're all out of spares, or when the mask's visor cracks and there's no replacement to be found. And you'll feel the choking grip of panic when you're surrounded by more hellish creatures than you have bullets to put down.
Even Artyom's arsenal reflects the world in which he lives. Most firearms, for example, aren't your standard shooter affair, but rather makeshift armaments built from scrap. Their inventive designs--like a shotgun that feeds shells to the chamber via a rotating cylinder, or a pneumatic gun that must be pumped Super Soaker-style to hurl metal spikes--not only make for interesting combat scenarios, but also drive home that humans have to make do with limited resources.
It's hard to resist trying all the new guns as you find them, and eventually you'll build a loadout of favorites that cater to your preferred playstyle: stealth, guns-blazing, or a mixture of both. It's entirely possible to bypass most human enemies by staying hidden and taking advantage of vent shafts or maintenance corridors, and shooting out lights will help you remain undetected. It's also extremely satisfying to mess with foes, as the AI reacts to your actions in a logical, lifelike way.
Taking one out from the shadows with a silenced weapon, for instance, will send the rest into panic mode as they begin searching for you. Likewise, initiating a firefight with a grenade will often cause enemies to raise an alarm or, in the case of an encounter that took place in some sort of engine room, seal all the doors and flood the area with a deadly gas, forcing you to equip a vision-obscuring gas mask. Every encounter, save for a few mediocre boss battles that are a relic of old shooter design, offers a wealth of strategic opportunity, which helps Last Light and its predecessor stand apart from the average shooter.
Image 1 of 6 Both games run at 60fps... The Metro series has always felt a bit sluggish when it comes to frantic gunplay, partially because last-gen consoles sometimes struggled with framerate dips. Not so in Redux, which runs at a steady 60fps. Image 2 of 6 ...and are way, way prettier Though this is a pretty obvious expectation from a remastered package, Metro 2033 and Last Light look significantly better on the PS4 and Xbox One compared to their last-gen counterparts. Image 3 of 6 Choose your playstyle: Survivor or Spartan Survivor means ammo is far more limited, imbuing the game with a sort of survivor-horror feel. Spartan makes each game play like a more traditional shooter. You can also toggle Ranger Mode, which deactivates the HUD and crosshairs for a more immersive experience. Image 4 of 6 Metro 2033 has received some pretty significant gameplay overhauls Last Light introduced many gameplay changes to the series, including the ability to wipe fog and blood from the visor of your gas mask and customize your weaponry. These changes and more have now been added to the Redux version of Metro 2033, making the two feel Image 5 of 6 All DLC is included Gun packs, extra missions that let you play as new characters, challenges with online leaderboards--all of the DLC for both Metro games is included in Redux. Image 6 of 6 You can buy each game separately, or as a package Not sure you want to plop down $50/£29.86 for the whole package? You can purchase the Redux version of Metro 2033 and Last Light piecemeal, with each retailing at $24.99.
So, too, does its fantastic sense of pacing. There are plenty of moments where you'll spend time in a Metro station taking in the sights before heading out to your next objective. Eavesdropping on the locals is a great way to hear some fascinating stories, and in one station you can even sit down and watch a 30-minute theater performance, an event that can be passed up entirely. It's easy to lose an hour or two admiring the surprising level of detail packed into each location, and rushing through a non-combat zone to get back to the killing is a huge disservice to the subtle stories housed within the metro tunnels.
Indeed, subtlety is what makes Metro 2033 and Last Light such exceptionally immersive games. They nail the core tenets of a shooter, then force you to react to enemies in ways outside of simply taking cover. They plop you in a post-apocalyptic world, then fill it with tons of minor but substantial details, like the shadows of once-living people now permanently nuked into stone walls. They strip you of hope, only to dangle a tiny sliver of it ahead of you like a carrot on a stick. And once the credits roll, long after you've lost track of body counts and the volume of setpiece explosions, it's the subtle things--like the mother explaining to her child that people used to live in houses instead of cement tunnels--that will stick with you the most.
This game was reviewed on Xbox One.
Both games run at 60fps...
The Metro series has always felt a bit sluggish when it comes to frantic gunplay, partially because last-gen consoles sometimes struggled with framerate dips. Not so in Redux, which runs at a steady 60fps.
...and are way, way prettier
Though this is a pretty obvious expectation from a remastered package, Metro 2033 and Last Light look significantly better on the PS4 and Xbox One compared to their last-gen counterparts.
Choose your playstyle: Survivor or Spartan
Survivor means ammo is far more limited, imbuing the game with a sort of survivor-horror feel. Spartan makes each game play like a more traditional shooter. You can also toggle Ranger Mode, which deactivates the HUD and crosshairs for a more immersive experience.
Metro 2033 has received some pretty significant gameplay overhauls
Last Light introduced many gameplay changes to the series, including the ability to wipe fog and blood from the visor of your gas mask and customize your weaponry. These changes and more have now been added to the Redux version of Metro 2033, making the two feel
All DLC is included
Gun packs, extra missions that let you play as new characters, challenges with online leaderboards--all of the DLC for both Metro games is included in Redux.
You can buy each game separately, or as a package
Not sure you want to plop down $50/29.86 for the whole package? You can purchase the Redux version of Metro 2033 and Last Light piecemeal, with each retailing at $24.99.
A news report in the MMD Newswire echoed a prevalent but luckily, false belief, that breasts cause back pain. The good news is that means you do not have to be forced into back pain, and there are things that you can try quickly to relieve it yourself.
Many of my patients who come to me with upper back pain say that their doctor or other health care practitioner told them the reason is the weight of their breasts. I show them how they can stop the pain by checking and correcting other factors that are the real underlying cause.
One of the biggest mistakes in science is confusing correlation for cause and effect. There are so many people with back pain that it is easy to blame anything happening at the same time, like having breasts or a big belly in front, or carrying backpacks in back, or groceries on the side.
Men have the same or higher incidence of the same upper back pain. Women who are smaller, or have had breast reduction and double mastectomies can have the same pain. If straps are binding or cutting into your neck, that can obviously be uncomfortable, so check and fix that. However, the specific cause is not the breasts, since men and smaller women can get the same kind of pain. If you round your shoulders, spend time with the upper body bent or rounded forward, or have a forward head, the shifted weight is a common contributor to upper back pain.
Look at the photo, above left. Letting your neck tilt so that your ear is forward of your shoulder, as in the photo, is called a forward head. It is not the normal tilt to the neck. It is a weak and injurious bad posture. The angle of the jaw should rest comfortably above the center-shoulder. The forward head is the source of a surprisingly large percentage of upper back and neck pain. The classic distribution of this pain is across both shoulders, up the neck, down the upper back, sometimes causing numbness or tingling down the arm. Do you have a forward head? Here is a quick test:
Stand comfortably with your back against a wall or doorway.
Touch your heels, your behind, and your upper back against the wall.
Does the back of your head touch easily?
If your head is forward of the wall, it is likely that you have a forward head.
See if you have to crane your neck to bring your head back to the wall.
See if you round your shoulders
Check if you lean back to try to straighten up. Straightening should come from the upper body, not by increasing the inward curve of the lower back (hyperlordosis), which can hurt - Fixing the Commonest Source of Mystery Lower Back Pain.
If you have to force or crane your neck back to touch the back of your head to the wall, or you lean backward to try to straighten, you are too tight to be straight. That means you may walk around all day, and exercise, and sit, and do all you do with bent forward positioning, which can cause pain.
Often, people who think they "stand up straight" find that they are straining their beck and shoulder back, which causes upper body pain. The problem is that they are too tight to stand with healthful position. Strained straightening and the many postures that are mistaken for straight but are not will hurt as much as slouching.
If you did the wall test, see if you are slouching forward from the forward head, or from the upper body, or both. See if you have to lean backward to straighten up. See if it is an effort to stand roughly straight, instead of normal comfortable muscle length. Those are more causes of pain, mistaken for the size of the chest. In posts to come I show two quick techniques to lengthen the front chest muscles to let you stand straight easily and comfortably. Then you will not have a forward head or rounded shoulders:
Here is the first thing to try to restore resting muscle length to make standing straight possible and comfortable:Fixing Upper Back and Neck Pain. Here is the second - Nice Neck Stretch Try those two gently, with the aim of restoring ability to straighten out comfortably, then use the straighter position, so bent forward position does not hang on your upper back muscles, making them hurt. The stretch does not fix the pain - using them to be able to straighten out during the rest of the day is the key. To help unround a rounded tight upper back, gently experiment with Fast Fitness - First Morning Stretch andQuick, Feel-Good Upper Back and Chest Stretch Check if you spend much time rounding or bent forward - Are You Making Your Exercise Unhealthy? Check to see if you lean back instead of straightening - Neutral Spine or Not?
The idea is, that no matter your size, use your own muscles to prevent uncomfortable positioning. By restoring healthier upper body positioning and use, you will get built-in back muscle exercise all day. Standing straight instead of allowing your upper spine to compress under your weight will stop your pain plus give free calorie burning exercise.
If you find that lifting your chest with your hands takes the strain away, then you can do the same with your upper body muscles. It is free exercise to use your muscles to prevent your own body weight from squashing you. Pull your chin inward and shoulders back in a relaxed way by unrounding the upper back. Then weight of your head and upper body will not pull forward on your upper back muscles, making them ache.
The same applies to carrying a grocery bag, a child, or any load. Don't slouch under the load, use muscles to keep healthy comfortable position.
Fitness Fixer reader Ness left a comment on the post Fixing Upper Back and Neck Pain:
"I am very large breasted and have always been. It's a very difficult thing to find a comfortable bra. For the past few months, I've been having upper back pain. I felt like I needed to "crack." Every night I complain, and nothing works!
"Except this. haha, you have NO IDEA how pleased I am that this "fixing upper back and neck pain" stretch works.
"Now, I'm not going to pretend that I think I'm perfect now because I've been sitting straight for about 10 mins and it is starting to get a little tiring.
"But, I don't feel ANY pain.
"I'm amazed.
"Was that it?? Really my DDDs have nothing to do with it???"
See the wall test - How Doctors Use The Wall Stand.
No exercise is more important for your joint health than holding up your own body weight, no matter what or where it may be. Your size does not force you to slouch. It does not require long or repeated treatments or sessions or teams of professionals.
LAWRENCE TOWNSHIP, NJ — A Hamilton Township man decided the Quakerbridge Mall was the perfect place to make himself at home on Tuesday, but everyone else may wish that's where he would've stayed.
Joseph Michalski, 51, stripped completely naked in a common area of the mall at about 5 p.m. Tuesday evening, according to the Lawrence Township Police Department. He then began masturbating in a massage chair outside of Sears.
When mall security was notified, a guard approached Michalski. By the time the security guard approached him, he was no longer pleasuring himself.
However, when the guard asked Michaslki to put his clothes back on, Michalski punched the guard in the face, police said.
The guard recovered and managed to wrestle the naked man to the ground. He held him there until police arrived.
The guard wasn't injured in the assault. Michalski was charged with lewdness and simple assault, and has a pending court date.
The attached image was previously provided by the Quaker Bridge Mall
Doctors may soon be able to spot the early signs of depression before people are afflicted with the mental health problem, according to new research out of MIT and Harvard Medical School.
In reviewing the brain scans of children who had family histories of depression, researchers were able to find specific brain differences and patterns in comparison to those who didn't have depression or a risk of depression. Using this type of scan to find the brain differences in children could be a preventive mental health measure of sorts — especially for kids who have no family history or unknown risk of depression.
Untreated and repetitive bouts of depression can only make it harder for someone to get help, so a preventive brain scan could aid in saving a large chunk of the population from suffering from the illness. Some 14.8 million American adults, and 2.8 million adolescents suffer from depression every year.
“We'd like to develop the tools to be able to identify people at true risk, independent of why they got there, with the ultimate goal of maybe intervening early and not waiting for depression to strike the person,” said John Gabrieli, a professor of brain and cognitive sciences at MIT, in the press release. “If you can avoid that first bout, maybe it would put the person on a different trajectory.”
For the study, the researchers took functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) brain scans of 27 “high-risk” children, defined as non-depressed children who had a depressed parent. A family history of depression can increase a child's chances of getting depressed later on by threefold. The researchers then compared them to 16 children who had no family history of depression.
The brain scans showed specific patterns in high-risk children, particularly in the sgACC and default mode network — brain regions whose activity is often linked to an unfocused mind. They also discovered hyperactive connections between the amygdala and the inferior frontal gyrus, and weak connections between the frontal and parietal cortex, which are involved in thinking and decision-making.
Brain scans to catch depression early may be beneficial to jumpstart treatment, but can depression truly be prevented? While not every high-risk person will be able to stave off depression entirely even if it's caught early, there are measures one can take in order to alleviate symptoms and prevent further progression. Sleeping enough every night, avoiding a high-fat, unhealthy diet (which has been linked to anxiety and depression), and exercising are the first and most effective ways to avoid depression. Instead of binge-watching TV, which has been shown to cause a higher risk of depression, go outside for a walk and some fresh air, as nature can have a beneficial impact on mental health. Finally, cognitive behavioral therapy has been shown to be effective in reducing depression, anxiety, and other mental health disorders.
Source: Chai X, Hirshfeld-Becker D, Biederman J, Uchida M, Doehrmann O, Leonard J. Altered Intrinsic Functional Brain Architecture in Children at Familial Risk of Major Depression. Biological Psychiatry, 2016.
BENGALURU: A 26-year-old IT professional's desire to gift his sister a Canon camera on Raksha Bandhan turned sour after he received a brick instead of the camera, for which he had paid Rs 36,3000.
Ranjeet Kumar, who works in Marathalli, ordered the camera through the e-commerce site, Amazon India, on August 11 and received his surprise package on August 16.
That is not all, Mr Kumar told Deccan Chronicle narrating the incident, the e-commerce site, rather than taking the onus, only added to his misery by not resolving the issue even a week after the incident.
The brick packed in a camera box to deceive the techie.
“I had ordered Canon EOS 700D 18MP Digital SLR Camera (Black) for my sister as she is doing a course in photography and needed the camera. I had thought of gifting it to her on the Raksha Bandhan day and ordered it online on August 11 on the Amazon site, where I got a deal for Rs 36,300. I gave my company address for shipping and received the parcel on August 16. I paid the amount by swiping my card and I had a nasty surprise when I opened the package,” he said.
“I tried getting in touch with the agent, but could not. I immediately contacted the e-commerce site, but had a very bad experience with their customer care support team. They misbehaved with me during my telephonic conversations with them. It has been six days and I have been shooting mails to them asking for a refund, but the company has said that they will first set up an internal inquiry.”
After repeated calls, a representative from Amazon got in touch with Mr Kumar and assured him that they would look into the matter. The company wrote a mail stating, “Message From Customer Service, Dear Ranjeet, I'm Thinlay from the Amazon.in's Executive Customer Relations team. Jeff Bezos received your e-mail and asked me to respond on his behalf. I'm sorry for the inconvenience you've experienced with your Order ID: 171-0230560-0472364. I understand that you've received a brick instead of Canon EOS 700D 18 MP Digital SLR Camera (Black) with 18-55mm and 55-250mm IS II Lens, 8GB card and Carry Bag. I've engaged our internal team to investigate this issue. Your patience is all that we require, while we work to resolve your issue. As I'm personally tracking this issue, I'll surely write back to you once we have an update that needs to be passed on to you.' Mr Kumar has approached the Mahadevpura police station and registered a complaint.
Everyone has felt the pain of a device running out of power just when you need it the most.
That pain point is fueling research on dozens of inventive charging technologies, but one group of researchers at the University of Washington is taking a different approach: get rid of the battery altogether.
The group unveiled its battery-free cellphone, which uses energy from ambient light and radio waves, in a recent paper. Although the current model is still a prototype, the group has passed the biggest hurdle in making the technology a reality: converting analog sound signals into digital signals that a phone can process.
“We've built what we believe is the first functioning cellphone that consumes almost zero power,” the paper's co-author, Shyam Gollakota, said in a UW release. Gollakota is an associate professor in the UW's Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering and a recent Geek of the Week on GeekWire.
“To achieve the really, really low power consumption that you need to run a phone by harvesting energy from the environment, we had to fundamentally rethink how these devices are designed,” he said.
Check out the video below for a demonstration of the device.
The group built the phone using off-the-shelf computing components and a custom printed circuit board. It takes about 3.5 microwatts to run, which the phone can get either from radio waves sent out by a custom-built base station or from a tiny solar cell, about the size of a grain of rice, attached to the phone.
Here's how it works: when someone speaks into the phone, an antenna picks up vibrations in the device's microphone which are then encoded in radio signals. The phone receives communication via encoded radio signals and translates it into vibrations in the phone's speaker.
Both operations take very little power and let researchers make phone calls through the base station, which could be integrated into existing cell service infrastructure to allow the phone to be used more widely.
On the current prototype, a user must press a button to move between sending and receiving modes, and the phone needs to be within about 30 feet of a radio base station to operate. The group plans to improve those aspects of the device going forward.
The researchers previously developed battery-free wireless communicators designed for internet of things devices.
This is the web version of VoxCare, a daily newsletter from Vox on the latest twists and turns in America's health care debate. Like what you're reading? Sign up to get VoxCare in your inbox here.
It seems like we spend all of our time debating whether health insurance actually improves people's health and, to a lesser extent, how much financial security it provides them.
Those things are important! But health coverage also changes our society in ways that aren't so obvious.
For instance: Health insurance seems to help fight crime.
This concept has been floating out there for a while: Friend of VoxCare Adrianna McIntyre wrote about "Obamacare's secret crime-fighting potential" back in 2014.
But we have some new data that suggests getting more people health insurance actually causes a decrease in crime.
Jacob Vogler, a PhD economics student at the University of Illinois, looked at crime rates before and after Obamacare's Medicaid expansion, comparing states that didn't expand and states that did. He also whittled down to a more granular level, looking at the crime rates in counties in Medicaid expansion states that saw the biggest increases in coverage.
This is what he found:
Incidents of reported violent crimes decreased 5 percent, per 100,000 people, in Medicaid expansion states compared to non-expansion states.
Incidents of property crime decreased by 3 percent.
Homicide, aggravated assault, robbery, and vehicle theft all saw statistically significant declines.
At the county level, counties that saw bigger coverage gains saw bigger crime reductions: A 1 percent gain in coverage correlated to a 0.7 percent drop in violent crime.
Vogler used some back-of-the-napkin math to estimate that this decrease in crime led to $400 million in savings to society, based on existing estimates of how much different crimes "cost."
"The analysis reveals economically meaningful and robust evidence that expanding health insurance eligibility reduces rates of reported crime,"he writes.
The working paper doesn't delve into why crime seems to go down when health coverage goes up, but it does attempt to show a direct cause and effect.
And we do know that people who commit crimes tend to either be outright uninsured or have barriers to insurance. Vogler cites previous studies that found 90 percent of people entering local jails were uninsured before 2014. Other research has found that about 60 percent of people arrested earn an income that would make them eligible for Medicaid expansion if their state elected to expand the program.
We also have some evidence that direct interventions to expand coverage help reduce crime. McIntyre flagged a program in Michigan that started in 2007, which connected people recently released from prison with a medical home.
The recidivism rate fell by more than half, from 46 percent to 21.6 percent, among that population. McIntyre reported that the staff members who helped implement the program thought that increased access to health care had made a substantial contribution.
These findings, and Vogler's research, remind us to keep an expansive view of what health coverage can help achieve.
vox-mark VoxCare Vox's email explaining the biggest news in health care, edited by Sarah Kliff Subscribe By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy. For more newsletters, check out our newsletters page
Chart of the Day
"Obamacare is Obama's fault." That's what President Trump told Forbes. We have reviewed ad nauseam the ways the Trump administration has undercut the health care law, but the president still seems to believe he is immune from any political backlash if the law struggles as a result.
This August poll from the Kaiser Family Foundation suggests he's wrong about that. Most Americans, even a substantial minority of Republicans, believe that Trump and Republicans in Congress are responsible for Obamacare now.
There is a bit of a "you break it, you buy it" deal with the public when it comes to health care. Or maybe it's even simpler than that: You're in charge, you're responsible. It doesn't appear Americans have much tolerance for blaming one's predecessors for today's problems.
Kliff's Notes
With research help from Caitlin Davis
Today's top news
“Washington state sues over new Trump birth-control rules“: “State Attorney General Bob Ferguson, who successfully sued to block Trump's initial travel ban early this year, announced his latest lawsuit on Monday, three days after the new rules were issued. Other Democratic-leaning states, including Massachusetts and California, sued on Friday, as did the American Civil Liberties Union.” —Gene Johnson, Associated Press
“State Attorney General Bob Ferguson, who successfully sued to block Trump's initial travel ban early this year, announced his latest lawsuit on Monday, three days after the new rules were issued. Other Democratic-leaning states, including Massachusetts and California, sued on Friday, as did the American Civil Liberties Union.” —Gene Johnson, Associated Press “Trump says health care executive order will allow coverage to be sold across state lines”: “Trump is planning to sign the directive on Thursday, a source briefed on the plans said, in a move that would follow through on his repeated calls to open up the sale of health insurance across state lines.” —Adam Cancryn and Louis Nelson, Politico
“Trump is planning to sign the directive on Thursday, a source briefed on the plans said, in a move that would follow through on his repeated calls to open up the sale of health insurance across state lines.” —Adam Cancryn and Louis Nelson, Politico “White House: Obamacare order caused by frustration over congressional inaction”: “Trump is expected to release an executive order this week intended to help insurers sell plans across state lines. White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the order is in response to inaction from Congress.” —Robert King, Washington Examiner
Analysis and longer reads
“AMA's doctor panel still operates behind closed doors”: “Medicare said this summer it will accept nearly every payment recommendation from the committee going forward — which means tens of billions of taxpayer dollars for physician services still hinge on meetings that can't be discussed publicly.” —Bob Herman, Axios
“Medicare said this summer it will accept nearly every payment recommendation from the committee going forward — which means tens of billions of taxpayer dollars for physician services still hinge on meetings that can't be discussed publicly.” —Bob Herman, Axios “Trump's Cuts to Health Law Enrollment Efforts Are Hitting Hard”: “With the annual open enrollment weeks away, the federal spending cuts have begun to bite, and navigators around the country are racing to revise their plans to make do with less money. “ —Robert Pear, New York Times
“With the annual open enrollment weeks away, the federal spending cuts have begun to bite, and navigators around the country are racing to revise their plans to make do with less money. “ —Robert Pear, New York Times “Here's how a loophole in a transparency law can distort medical practices”: “A company is not required to report payments if it does not yet market a medicine approved by the Food and Drug Administration. This means that a slew of small companies can fly under the radar as they line up allies in the medical community on their way to the marketplace.” —Ed Silverman, STAT
Join the conversation
Are you an Obamacare enrollee interested in what happens next? Join our Facebook community for conversation and updates.
WEDNESDAY EARLY PM UPDATE: NY based boxing promoter Lou DiBella didn't hold fire when I asked for comment regarding the lawsuit lodged by Oscar De La Hoya, along with Bernard Hopkins, against Al Haymon and cohorts.
“Eff that,” he said, using more dismissive and pointed language in indicating his distaste for the Golden Boy suit, and he then pointed out that he was instrumental in helping draft the Muhammad Ali act, which the suit alleges is being trampled upon. That document seeks to help keep managers from acting on behalf of promoters–as it was alleged, say, Carl King might have been inclined to do when repping a fighter, but also doing a deal with his father, the promoter Don King–in order to insure fighters are being represented in good faith, and receiving fair market value compensation for their services
DiBella took issue with the characterization that Haymon is in fact the promoter for Premier Boxing Champions cards, and said, “Why don't you ask Brett Yormark (CEO of Barclays Center) who promoted the April 11 card which drew about 12,000 people to the arena?” DiBella also noted that he has some familiarity with miuch of the material within the suit, having graduated from Harvard Law School. Not to mention, as for the contention that Golden Boy is being harmed by Haymon's supposed attempt at monopolization, DiBella pointed out that Golden Boy seems to be competed on an even playing field, being that they are putting on a high-profile card Saturday, in Texas, which will screen on HBO.
Laywers inside the pugilistic arena are getting workouts of late.
A suit was filed on Tuesday, in federal court, in California, by Golden Boy Promotions. Lawyer Bert Fields heads up a suit on behalf of Golden Boy Promotions and also Bernard Hopkins, alleging that mogul Al Haymon wishes to monopolize pro boxing “and drive out all competition.”
Haymon, the suit states, has violated the Ali Boxing Reform Act and the Sherman Act, which deals with antitrust issues.
The suit calls Haymon “predatory” and “the Rasputin of boxing.”
I reached out to a Haymon Boxing rep to get their take on the suit, and was told that Haymon, notable for his reclusiveness in dealing with media, is choosing at this time not to comment on the matter.
His money backers, funding his Premier Boxing Champions series, which rolled out amid massive fanfare earlier this year, are also named in the suit.
The suit further states that Haymon functions as both a promoter and manager, basically, and that he has engaged in “illegal conduct” which is “designed to eliminate all competition.” It is stated that Haymon has a “total domination of the market for managing of Championship-Caliber Boxers,” and thus he holds too much power, to an extent the courts must weigh in and decide the matter.
A promoter shouldn't and can't act as a manager of a boxer, and Haymon might, I believe, counter that he does not act as a promoter, and thus, there is no conflict. Further, he may put forth that the Ali act was put in place to benefit boxers, keep them from being exploited, and he might counter that boxers he advises are in fact being paid handsomely, and are not being exploited.
Further, the suit states that Haymon's money backers, namely a NY-firm named “Waddell,” at one point offered to purchase Golden Boy, but asked that head of Golden Boy De La Hoya sign a non-compete agreement. That deal going unconsummated, the suit says, meant Haymon next tried to “drive Golden Boy from the boxing business.”
Haymon possesses an unlawful edge, Fields contends, because he acts as both manager and promoter to a parcel of fighters.
More allegations…Haymon fighters must sign “coercive contracts,” part of a play in “turning the model upside down.” Also, Fields accuses Haymon of “scalping” tickets to unnamed shows Haymon Boxing has helped put together, or he has a hand in arranging, and posits that proper taxes are not paid on that revenue. More material; the suit states that Haymon also functions as a sanctioning body and intend to have their own champions.
Expect said lawyers to engage most aggressively in what is sizing up to be a 15 round clash.
Here is the release sent out by Golden Boy on Wednesday morning:
LOS ANGELES (May 6): Golden Boy Promotions today filed a $300 million lawsuit against Al Haymon and his related companies and Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. and its related hedge funds, alleging their repeated violation of the antitrust laws and the Muhammad Ali Boxing Reform Act. The case was filed in Federal Court in Los Angeles.
Since the moment Al Haymon launched Premier Boxing Champions, he has repeatedly and brazenly broken the letter and spirit of the Muhammad Ali Boxing Reform Act that is meant to protect fighters from exploitation. As part of an anti-competitive conspiracy that includes financial backers from Waddell & Reed, Haymon has “entered into agreements to restrain trade in a substantial portion of the market for promotion of Championship-Caliber Boxers,” the bombshell new lawsuit claims.
“During my 25 years in boxing, I have watched far too many fighters be chewed up, spit out and left with nothing to sit idly by while Mr. Haymon flaunts a federal law meant to protect those who put everything on the line to entertain fans of our sport,” said Oscar De La Hoya, Founder and President of Golden Boy Promotions. “The Muhammad Ali Act was passed to help fighters avoid the fate that bedeviled so many of our predecessors; and I will do everything in my power to ensure this crucial piece of legislation is upheld and followed.”
The lawsuit alleges numerous violations of the Ali Act and antitrust statutes by Haymon, among the most glaring of which is that he routinely serves as both manager of his fighters and promoter of their fights, even though such a dual role is explicitly prohibited by the Ali Act in order to “protect boxers, the boxing industry, and the public from abusive, exploitive, and anticompetitive behavior.”
According to the lawsuit: “By ignoring the ‘firewall' established by the Ali Act, the Haymon Defendants are essentially sitting on both sides of the bargaining table. While purporting to act in their clients' best interests, the Haymon Defendants have obtained direct and indirect financial interests in promoting their boxers – thereby creating the very conflict of interest the Ali Act sought to remedy.”
Haymon calls himself a “manager” or an “advisor,” yet Haymon and his myriad of companies are well known to arrange and contract for the bouts, the arenas, the sponsors and the television time – all duties of a boxing promoter. Even Haymon-managed fighters themselves repeatedly refer to Haymon as their “promoter,” though he is well-known to manage more than 100 fighters.
Haymon is, not only pushing out other legitimate promoters in favor of ineffective puppets that he controls, but locking out top fighters who dare to not join his stable of boxers.
“At the age of 50 and after spending most of my adult life in boxing, I thought I'd seen every trick in the book aimed at undermining those who actually step into the ring,” said former middleweight and light heavyweight world champion Bernard Hopkins. “Having personally been refused a lucrative fight with a Haymon-managed fighter, I have felt first-hand the impact of Haymon's attempt to form a monopoly. These practices are detrimental to boxers, fans and the sport as a whole,” added Hopkins, a co-owner of Golden Boy Promotions.
The complaint alleges that Waddell & Reed and related companies aided and abetted Haymon in his commission of the claimed violations of law.
The Golden Boy Suit comes days after the Association of Boxing Commissions called on newly confirmed U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch to investigate Haymon for many of the same infractions spelled out in today's lawsuit.
As part of the lawsuit, Golden Boy is seeking damages of $300 million.
A copy of the lawsuit is available upon request.
Details of the Muhammad Ali Boxing Reform Act can be found at: https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/106/hr1832
Follow @Woodsy1069
WATCH RELATED VIDEOS ON BOXINGCHANNEL.TV
Conservative Senator Pamela Wallin is acknowledging her expenses are being reviewed by an outside auditing firm, raising to four the number of senators who are having their expenses reviewed by Deloitte.
Ms. Wallin confirmed her interaction with the Deloitte auditing firm just hours after the lead Conservative senator responsible for reviewing spending by senators denied Ms. Wallin's expenses had been referred to an outside audit.
On Tuesday evening, CTV reported that Ms. Wallin is being audited over expenses.
Story continues below advertisement
The report said the focus of the audit is Ms. Wallin's travel expenses.
The Saskatchewan senator is quoted as telling CTV: "I certainly did willingly meet with a representative from Deloitte to review travel expenses and I answered all questions and have provided all the necessary information regarding claims."
Questions have been raised as to whether Ms. Wallin qualifies as a Saskatchewan resident. Ms. Wallin's situation is different from the other three senators in that she has not claimed a special expense available to senators with a residence in the National Capital Region whose main home is more than 100 kilometres away.
However, Senate travel rules are meant to cover the cost of travel between Ottawa and a senator's home province. Ms. Wallin says Saskatchewan is her home, but acknowledges that she also has a condo in Toronto.
In an interview with The Globe and Mail around 6 p.m. Tuesday, just hours before the CTV report, Conservative Senator David Tkachuk denied Ms. Wallin's expenses had been referred to external auditors.
Mr. Tkachuk is the chair of the Senate committee on internal economy, budgets and administration. That is the committee that is currently reviewing all senator expenses. The committee announced last week that it was referring the expenses of three senators: Patrick Brazeau, Mike Duffy and Mac Harb to Deloitte for an external review.
"Well, it's no to everybody except those three. We haven't referred anybody," said Mr. Tkachuk, when asked whether the expenses of Ms. Wallin or any other senators had been referred to external auditors.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Then when asked again whether Ms. Wallin's expenses have been referred to outside auditors, Mr. Tkachuk repeated the statement.
"Nobody has. The reason I said no is not because it's her, but nobody has except those three," he said, in reference to Mr. Brazeau, Mr. Duffy and Mr. Harb.
Mr. Tkachuk did not respond to a request for comment from The Globe regarding Ms. Wallin's statement to CTV. Ms. Wallin could not be reached for comment late Tuesday evening.
In provided to The Globe and Mail prior to the CTV story, Ms. Wallin writes that, "My heart is in Wadena, Saskatchewan, and so is my home. Wadena is where I reside in my home province."
Ms. Wallin also states that she spent 168 days in her home province last year and 94 days in Ottawa. She confirms that she owns one condo in Toronto.
"It's the place where I worked for many of my years on national television before going to New York as the Canadian Consul General after 9/11. As my friends say, I actually live on airplanes," she writes.
Story continues below advertisement
The op-ed does not clarify any of the residence criteria listed in Monday's letter by Senate leaders, such as where she pays taxes.
A Globe reporter requested an interview with Ms. Wallin through her office Tuesday as well as her answers to the Senate's stated criteria for residence. Her office responded with a statement late Tuesday afternoon that the senator has provided all requested documentation to the Senate.
Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story, which has been corrected, provided incorrect dates for the Globe's interview request and for the response from Ms. Wallin's office
UK-based gold and bitcoin exchange Netagio has announced a new partnership with payment services provider WalPay that will give it vital access to the traditional banking system.
The new relationship means Netagio customers can now deposit funds and receive international payments in GBP, EUR and USD. The firm indicates that other currencies are to follow in the future.
Additionally, customers will soon be able to make credit and debit card payments to their Netagio trading accounts. The firm said Visa, Visa Electron, Visa Debit, MasterCard, MasterCard Debit and Maestro cards will be accepted.
While no concrete date is set for the rollout, the firm indicated it plans to have card payments in place during the last quarter of 2014.
Justin Martin, head of business development and sales at WalPay, said:
“We are thrilled to be working with Netagio to secure new robust banking facilities for their customers today, and also to work on introducing credit and debit card payment functionality in the very near future.”
WalPay is an Isle of Man-based payment service provider bringing banking solutions to a variety of European merchants. The firm is licensed by the island's Financial Supervision Commission.
Banking crisis
The news comes in the wake of recent problems on the Isle of Man, where Netagio's holding company is based.
In mid-September, payment services provider Capital Treasury Services (CTS) announced that it would close all accounts belonging to cryptocurrency businesses.
Until this point, CTS had relationships with a number of bitcoin companies on the island.
While the move sent an initial shockwave through the cryptocurrency space, it quickly became clear that other companies, such as WalPay and Instabill, could possibly step in to fill the space vacated by CTS.
The Netagio announcement is the first sign that, indeed, the Isle of Man's bitcoin companies can still find access to the banking system and that business could soon return to normal.
Simon Hamblin, CEO of Netagio, told CoinDesk: “We have been working with WalPay for about six [or] seven weeks in preparation for the credit and debit card integration and before the CTS issue emerged in the IoM.”
He added:
“We knew that WalPay could also secure European banking relationships, so when UK banks pulled their services from the IoM, we were already well placed to put new systems in place.”
Banking in the Eurozone
Walpay provides Netagio access to European banking via TrustPay, which is authorised and regulated in accordance with the European Payment Services Directive (2007/64/EC).
This does mean, however, that Netagio's banking partners are no longer British. As a result, UK customers cannot make domestic bank transfers.
Hamblin explained that “deposits can be made in GBP, but they have to be made to a European bank and are subject to international transfer fees and time delays (three working days)”.
When questioned about the WalPay relationship, Hamblin moved to instill confidence that it will resolve problems the company had with previous partners, stating:
“Our banking partners are fully aware that we are a bitcoin business. Across Europe, various local jurisdictions continue provide bank accounts to bitcoin businesses. Sadly, this is no longer the case in the UK.”
Cryptocurrency appeal
In the months before the CTS crisis, the Isle of Man had been touting itself as a cryptocurrency-friendly jurisdiction in hopes of attracting new business to the island.
Not part of the UK or the European Union, the island is a self-governing Crown dependency. It is making moves to set up a regulatory environment that intends to protect consumers but also encourage businesses that work with cryptocurrencies. Additionally, a cryptocurrency incubator has been set up by a consortium of local business to further boost the appeal of the island.
The recent Crypto Valley Summit event was based in the capital, Douglas, but was marred by the news of CTS withdrawal of facilities.
Correction: A previous version of this story suggested incorrectly that CTS did not inform its previous banking partners of its bitcoin operations.
I'm not much of a fan of the original 1988 Alan Moore/Brian Bolland graphic novel The Killing Joke . But I was blown away by just how wretchedly awful the cartoon remake – previewed at Comic-Con and with a limited cinema release on Monday – is.
Director Sam Liu and writer Brian Azzarello have added a half hour of new story on to the beginning of the narrative, in which they methodically turn Batgirl into a clumsy agglomeration of misogynist tropes. Pursued by a creepy stalker mafia tough-guy villain, Batgirl makes amateurish mistake after amateurish mistake, prompting Batman to sneer to her face that the bad guy “led you like a lap dog”.
In response, Batgirl whines that Batman doesn't trust her, has impulsive sex with him, and then indulges in a series of violent emotional tantrums before deciding to retire her Batgirl identity on the grounds that the stress is too much for her.
As a bonus, Batman hypocritically lectures her on the dangers of objectification while the bad guy compulsively and smarmily sexualizes her, and the cartoon lingers on a closeup image of her butt when she jogs. Girls aren't emotionally or mentally tough enough to be heroes, is the message; they're just too darn emotional. But hey, they look good in those tight costumes, right?
It wasn't supposed to be this way. In theory, the additional Batgirl material was supposed to provide a counterweight to the casual misogyny in The Killing Joke. In Alan Moore's version, Barbara Gordon, aka Batgirl, is casually shot by the Joker and crippled as a way of tormenting Batman and Barbara's dad, Commissioner Gordon. Harming women to advance the emotional development of some dude is a wearisome comic-book plot staple , and producer Bruce Timms promised that the cartoon wouldn't follow that same old script.
“We thought if we were going to expand this to feature length, we didn't want to just pad out the original story,” Timms said . “So we took that opportunity to basically tell a Batgirl story, which we don't often get a chance to do these days. And it was great, because we could spend more time with her as a character and get to understand what she's all about and how she's similar to Batman in some ways, and really different in others.”
Perhaps different creators could have managed to craft a non-misogynist Batgirl story, especially if those creators were women. But a big part of the problem is, simply, that this is a Killing Joke adaptation. Superheroes just about never get point-blank shot, the way Barbara does in The Killing Joke. They dodge; they move superfast, they anticipate, they win. The Batgirl in The Killing Joke isn't a hero, but a victim – and so, Azzarello and Timms follow along with the original material, and create a costumed hero who shouldn't really be a hero at all. What kind of superhero would just let herself be shot? An overly emotional, unprepared, semi-incompetent hero, the cartoon creators chorus. Input a misogynist comic, add unimaginative creators – and presto! A misogynist cartoons.
The Killing Joke's failure was predictable. But it's still instructive. When critics and fans ask for a black James Bond or cheer on the female Ghostbusters reboot , they're asking for Hollywood to challenge default racism and sexism. All heroes everywhere aren't white guys, and the stories we tell should reflect that.
But if you're retelling a racist, sexist story, it's not always so easy to get that racism and sexism out of the formula. You can see that in the Ghostbusters reboot. As novelist NK Jemisin pointed out in a private Facebook post (quoted with permission), the Ghostbusters are all super-smart scientists … except for the one black character, Patty (Leslie Jones), who is a street-savvy subway worker . “Jones's character contributed to the team, but she was never fully a part of it,” Jemisin says. And, she adds, with feeling: “She should've been a motherfucking scientist.”
In part, the fact that Jones was not allowed to be a scientist is indicative of broad cultural racism; because of longstanding stereotypes, black women are rarely presented as brilliant engineers or physicists. But Ghostbusters also limits Patty's role because it's based specifically on the original Ghostbusters . In the 1984 film, the one black man who becomes a Ghostbuster, Winston (Ernie Hudson), is thrown into the team as an afterthought halfway through the film. Winston is a hired hand; the three white Ghostbusters are the core team. Patty isn't a real Ghostbuster for the same reason that Barbara isn't a real hero. The original stories were sexist and/or racist, and so the remakes are sexist and/or racist as a way of being true to the franchise.
Rebooting stories that are racist and sexist is one way that racist and sexist narratives and ideas get replicated and perpetuated. You can sometimes change the story and make it better – and then, sometimes, you can't. The Killing Joke didn't have to be as wretched in cartoon form as it turned out to be, but remaking it was always going to be a bad idea.
When Lil Durk jumped on to do a remix of Nicki Minaj and Lil Herb's "Chi-Raq," it made a lot of sense; Durk, born and raised in the streets of Chi-town, is a fitting candidate to remix the hit record. However, the lyrics Durk shared from a 15 second Instagram video of the song three days ago (Apr. 26) is what caught everyone's attention. Durk sends a clear shot at Tyga on the track, rapping, "Tyga only got one name but that nigga ain't got one stripe/You backpack."
The diss seemed like it came out of nowhere; Tyga and Durk had just been in the studio together three months ago working on new music. Durk even shared the video of the studio session on his Instagram with the caption "#onlythfamily album on da way studio with my west coast family #tyga #sk #ty$ #chrisbrown #otfcokeboys." Well it appears a studio session gone awry is the caused for the diss. On an upcoming record titled "Get That Money,” Durk name drops Tyga's lady Blac Chyna, which Tyga didn't take too kindly. XXL got Durk on the phone to explain how he felt Tyga tried to big league him, and find out the source of the diss. — Emmanuel C.M.
Previously: Lil Durk Sends Shots At Tyga
XXL : I saw the preview to the "Chi-Raq" remix, and heard the Tyga diss. What happened there?
Lil Durk: The song with me, Chris Brown and French Montana, I had said a line in there, a line about Blac Chyna. It wasn't a diss, it was just a line, like, I want her and shit. It wasn't any diss. When we are in L.A.—me, Tyga and Chris Brown, when we first did the hook—Tyga came in and heard the line, [and] he felt some type of way. It was tension since then. Chris Brown had played it back to him. It was tension. [Tyga] was like, “Man, just change it,” and I was like, “No doubt, I'm going to change it once we get something in, I fuck with you.” He said he fucks with me and he's been texting me since I left L.A., like, “I'm going to send you something, you're going to send me something, etc.” Then he stops replying and shit, and I felt some type of way and said, fuck it then, I'm not going to kiss his ass.
What did Tyga ask, specifically? To remove the reference completely?
He asked me to shout his name out on it. So I said I'll do it, and he said we're going to get some work in. I think he just told me that so I could just change it and I caught on to what he was doing, so I turned up on him.
How upset was he when he heard the line?
When he first heard it he was like, “Man, Goddamn, what you say though?” So I told him the rhyme, and said this ain't no disrespect, that's a complement, actually. He was like, iight, at least shout me out. Chris Brown was laughing. I was just like, it's all good. He was like, it just sounds like a little disrespectful, just shout me out. So I said, cool, we're going to work.
When was the last time you spoke to him?
Like maybe two weeks ago.
So you think he tried to dupe you?
Yeah. He thought I was going to change the song before he sent [his] verses. Everything was everything until he started to try and spin me.
When did you record the "Chi-Raq (Remix)"?
Like three or four days [ago]; no more than a week. Meek [Mill] hit me and said he wanted me to get on [the track] with him.
Do you think you settled things with that line?
Yeah, I addressed it enough. I was just like, fuck it, anything you do in a rap, it got to be an attention-grabber, so why not address it? You see what it's doing—million views on Worldstar.
What did Meek say when he heard it?
He said that Tyga in trouble. [ Laughs ]
So is this a shot, just a statement or is this a new beef?
I was just addressing shit. I wouldn't call it any beef, I just let him know, backpack. You'll get your shit snatched for real. Just let him know, this ain't that, you're spinning me like I'm some type of little kid or something. Outside of music, it's still real niggas, you can't play with niggas like that.
What if Tyga responds? Will you follow up, or is this just a one-time thing?
I won't respond back to him. Everything I said in that rap will be for real though. So if I ever see him, he's getting his shit took.
And he just never followed up.
He just kept saying he was going to do it, I said cool. I look up, he's jumping off of airplanes and shit.
What was his verse intended for?
He kept saying he was going to do it. I had sent him a song called “Amazing” with me and Rich Homie Quan, but he never sent it back.
Bugs ain't fun. Except when they are. This is the story of the greatest bug I never fixed.
In an earlier life I wrote addons for World of Warcraft. Aside from being addicted to the game at the time, it was a mindblowing experience for someone obsessed with plugin architectures and the evolution of public APIs. It was also a great excuse to learn Lua, which is a fun language.
One of the better addons a friend and I built during that period was FriendNet. FriendNet helped to deal with the greatest challenge in the game: Finding people to play with who aren't dicks. The addon took your in-game friend list and shared it with all your friends. In return, they shared their friends with you. As a result the number of people you could trust weren't dicks increased.
Because any form of network communication was forbidden by the addon API, we had to come up with a hack to distribute those friend lists. What we did was serialize those lists into in-game chat messages and whisper them to the receiving player's avatar.
Yes, years before your Mom discovered Facebook we were tunnelling social graphs over the chat channels of a virtual world. We should have gotten funding.
Anyway, FriendNet did have some quality issues. P2P applications are hard to get right, and you can't just make people upgrade every time you release a bugfix. So we had all those different versions talking with each other, resulting in a lot of emergent behaviour and hard to reproduce bugs.
One bug was especially hard to pin down: Once every few days FriendNet would encounter a corrupt message, resulting in parts of the addon GUI to be messed up. We received enough bug reports to believe that the issue was real, but we could never reproduce the bug no matter how hard we tried. It was the bug from hell. Eventually we gave up, blamed it on a buggy API and moved on.
The solution came to me years after I stopped playing the game. When I realized what had gone wrong, the light almost blinded me.
You know, your character can get drunk in World of Warcraft. After drinking enough virtual booze, your screen will start to blur and your character will no longer move in straight lines. Also when you type something into the chat like
Penelope says: I'm so wasted
It will come out like this:
Penelope says: I'm sho washted ...hic!
Because FriendNet serialized all of its communication into chat messages, it sent corrupted data whenever the broadcasting player was drunk.
FriendNet has long since disappeared from the addon sites you could once download it from. I doubt it would even boot up in a current version of the game. But even though I never got to fix that bug, I still remember it with fond amusement.
Some of the best economics books of recent years have been written by economists about other economists. Perry Mehrling on Fischer Black. Robert Murphy on Ludwig von Mises. And now L. Randall Wray on Hyman Minsky. Each of the individuals profiled was far from the mainstream and yet offered important insights. Each of the authors makes an important contribution by making these insights more accessible.
Minsky had a following on Wall Street that was enlarged in the wake of the financial crisis of 2008. His theory that the financial sector makes capitalism inherently unstable meant that while orthodox economists were shocked by the end of what they called the Great Moderation, acolytes of Minsky were not so surprised. Cognoscenti were describing the crisis that erupted a dozen years after his death as a “Minsky moment.”
While L. Randall Wray also praises Minsky for his anticipation of the financial crisis of 2008, he provides a much more nuanced and complete picture of Minsky's analytical framework than I had encountered previously. While I am not completely converted, I came away from the book with considerably more understanding of Minsky's views and a greater respect for them.
Minsky saw himself as an economist in the Keynesian tradition. However, he differed from modern Keynesians in many important respects:
1. Orthodox Keynesians think of the financial sector in highly abstract terms, reducing it to simple equations with variables that are unaffected by the behavior of intermediaries. Minsky took very seriously the institutional details and behavioral characteristics of financial intermediaries.
2. Orthodox Keynesians do not focus on the Federal Reserve as a lender of last resort. Minsky considered this the central bank's most important function.
3. Orthodox Keynesians believe that the Fed controls the money supply. Minsky disputed this.
4. Orthodox Keynesians do not regard the discount window (through which the Federal Reserve can make short-term loans to banks) as an important tool. Minsky viewed it as potentially very useful.
5. Orthodox Keynesians believe that government deficits help fight recessions by adding to spending through a multiplier process. Minsky thought that government deficits worked by bolstering the balance sheets of the private sector.
6. Orthodox Keynesians model the economy as tending toward equilibrium, subject to occasional disturbances. Minsky thought that the economy is inherently unstable. Indeed, he is perhaps most famous for saying that “stability breeds instability.”
7. Orthodox Keynesians believe that macroeconomic policy can provide full employment. Minsky thought that the government must act as an employer of last resort.
8. Orthodox Keynesians discarded the idea of wage and price controls after the unhappy experience of the 1970s. Minsky still saw them as a tool for fighting inflation.
For more on these topics, see Keynesian Economics, by Alan Blinder and Monetary Policy, by James Tobin in the Concise Encyclopedia of Economics. See also “Nothing Paradoxical About Thrift “, Library of Economics and Liberty, March 2, 2009.
9. Orthodox Keynesians use models in which the optimum policy turns out to be a relatively simple rule. In contrast, according to Wray, Minsky thought that:
Policy formation must be dynamic, always evolving to adapt to behavioral adaptations that the policy induces.
Probably the most important way in which Minsky differed from orthodox economists is in how he viewed the financial sector. There is a sense in which Minsky viewed every individual and every business as a financial intermediary with a balance sheet.
In a modern economy, hardly any exchange takes place through barter. Instead, buyers give IOU's to sellers. Fiat currency can be thought of as the IOU of the government. A personal check is an IOU from an individual. One hundred years ago, a bill of exchange was the IOU of a merchant. One of Minsky's catch-phrases was “anyone can create money… the problem lies in getting it accepted.”
The more widely accepted an IOU, the more it resembles what we call money. However, contrary to what economics textbooks say, the reserve requirements of the Federal Reserve do not constrain the ability of financial intermediaries to supply money. Money can be supplied by non-banks (think of money-market funds). Banks can evade reserve requirements through innovation (think of sweep accounts, in which large corporate customers' checking accounts are emptied every night of excess funds, which get shifted into accounts that do not require reserves).
As the main institutions accepting IOUs, banks do play a central role in the economy. Your personal check is accepted by banks, which in turn makes it acceptable to merchants.
The intrinsic instability that Minsky so famously warned of comes from the behavior of balance sheets. After a crisis, banks and other financial intermediaries are conservative. During this stage of “hedge finance,” banks lend only to borrowers who can repay principal and interest out of expected income. Once the memories of the crisis have faded, the economy moves on to “speculative finance,” in which loans are made to borrowers who can repay interest out of expected income but not necessarily repay principal, which has to be rolled over. After the economy has experienced a period of stability in which these more speculative loans have not experienced defaults, the next stage is “Ponzi finance,” in which loans are made to borrowers who cannot even meet interest payments without taking out new loans. In the most recent financial crisis, we had reached the Ponzi stage when many mortgage borrowers could only meet their obligations by borrowing against the appreciated value of their homes, which in turn required perpetual increases in house prices.
Minsky saw the central bank as serving as a lender of last resort. This is a necessary function when a crisis occurs in order to keep the financial sector from imploding, as intermediaries lose faith in one another and stop accepting each other's IOUs. However, the better the central bank performs this function, the longer the period of stability, and hence the greater the propensity of lenders to become lax, slipping into Ponzi finance. Hence, stability breeds instability.
Minsky saw the financial sector as dynamic, confounding regulations with innovation and adaptation. For that reason, he had less confidence than policymakers in their ability to use tools such as risk buckets and security ratings to ensure safety and soundness at banks. Unfortunately, it seems to me that as banks become more comfortable and less skeptical, regulators become equally lax. In that regard, human nature does not differentiate between private-sector and public-sector actors.
Minsky thought that if the Fed were to force banks to use the discount window when in need of short-term funding, this would permit the Fed to examine banks' assets more closely and thus be warned of deteriorating loan quality. This is one issue on which I firmly disagree. The Fed has a supervisory role for member banks regardless of their use of the discount window. Use of the discount window is neither necessary nor sufficient to enable the Fed to monitor bank behavior.
Another Minsky proposition that I find dubious is his idea that government deficits improve the balance sheets of the private sector. This is based on the following accounting identity:
(S – I) = (G – T) + (X – M)
… where S is private domestic saving, I am private domestic investment, G is government spending, T is tax revenue, X is exports, and M is imports. Other things being equal, as the government deficit (G – T) rises, the private sector's surplus of saving overinvestment rises. Minsky saw this as an improvement in private sector balance sheets, which he argued is necessary after a crisis in order to help heal the economy.
I find this problematic. In effect, Minsky is arguing that the public is better off, at least at the margin, holding more government bonds than securities backed by private capital. This does not strike me as necessarily true. In fact, when the government has built up an unsustainable set of obligations, it is almost certainly false. People are not better off holding pieces of paper that will be redeemed using debased currency if they are redeemed at all.
Wray does not indicate how Minsky connects his model of financial crises to declines in output and employment. Perhaps this is something that we should take as obvious. However, Wray points out that Minsky advocated that the government play the role of employer of last resort, which is quite different from the conventional Keynesian view that aggregated demand management is sufficient to maintain full employment.
From the standpoint of an employer of last resort, it does not matter whether unemployment is cyclical or structural. Regardless, the government steps in and offers people jobs. One possible objection to this is that the government may employ workers who otherwise would find more productive labor in the private sector. It strikes me that to avoid this, the government would have to pay a below-market wage. However, if Minsky thought in terms of a below-market wage, Wray does not report it.
A potential objection to the government serving as the employer of last resort is that it would cause inflation. Wray does indicate that Minsky addressed this, and that is where his advocacy for intervention in wage and price behavior comes in. My own view would be that serving as an employer of last resort need not require intervention in private-sector wages and prices, at least if the government wage were below market levels. With a below-market wage, the employer of last resort function strikes me as worth considering, particularly as an alternative to fiscal and monetary pump-priming as well as an alternative to benefits that discourage participation in the labor force.
“Wray quotes Minsky as saying that American economists are “well trained but poorly educated.”
Wray quotes Minsky as saying that American economists are “well trained but poorly educated.” They would be better educated if they thought more about the role and characteristics of financial institutions in the economy. They could start by reading Why Minsky Matters. There is much more to the book than what I have outlined here.
TEHRAN, Jan. 7 (UPI) -- Amid widespread outrage over Christian persecution, Iranian authorities said they arrested dozens of Christians who had converted from Islam.
Tehran Gov. Morteza Tamadon said Iranian Christians were arrested during the Christmas holiday for converting from Islam or trying to convert others to Christianity.
"Just like the Taliban, who have inserted themselves into Islam like a parasite, (evangelicals) have crafted a movement in the name of Christianity," he was quoted by Iran's official Islamic Republic News Agency as saying.
The Wall Street Journal reports that about 1 percent of the Iranian population is Christian. Iran enjoys a relatively open religious society, though Iranian law prohibits Bibles and the Christian mass in Persian. Christians don't allow Muslims into their services.
An Iranian evangelical group in Canada, the Journal notes, claims plainclothes security guards stormed Christian households during the Christmas season looking for religious items.
The international community condemned Christian persecution after 21 people died New Year's Day when a Coptic Christian church in Egypt was bombed. Christians in Nigeria were also the target of recent attacks and the United Nations estimates that about half of the Christian population in Iraq has fled the country.
It's pretty well known that our brains are divided into two sides, the left and the right hemispheres. The left controls the right side of our bodies, basically speaking, and the right the left. And some functions tend to sit more on one side than the other—language on the left, attention and focus on the right.
In video games, movement commands—at their very base level, the most elementary controlling of an on-screen avatar of any form—are typically mapped to one side of the pad. It might be that the right trigger represents the accelerator in a racing game, or that the left stick directs a third-person perspective "us" around a 3D space. Yes, this core function will be combined with steering, context-sensitive complements, jumping and shooting, and so on. But it's rare that the most basic principle of Do This To Move This requires more than a single side of the brain to enact.
So rare, indeed, that I can't think of a game before (the just released) Snake Pass that necessitates the combining of right and left sides to get anywhere, at all. Like, just to get off the starting block. Sheffield studio Sumo Digital's first self-published title asks the player to think like a snake in order to proceed through its 15 stages of collectibles and obstacles. And this means rewiring your grey matter to get to grips with a control scheme that is both ingenious and exacting, and kind of wonderful when it begins to click.
All Snake Pass screenshots courtesy of Sumo Digital.
Thinking like a snake, in this instance, means slithering to move from A to B and beyond, which in the game requires holding the right trigger button (ZR on the tested Switch version, though I've also played on Xbox One) and nudging the left stick back and forth, right to left, to commence the wiggling, writhing momentum—maintaining an "S" shape represents the best way forward. Simply holding the trigger won't move the game's starring reptile, Noodle, very fast at all; and it's only through stick, trigger and face button harmony—"A" on the Switch raises Noodle's head, allowing him to climb bamboo frames and access higher parts of each level—that meaningful, deliberate progress can be achieved.
This control scheme was born from an internal game jam, where one of Sumo's staffers was playing around with rope physics, and a piece of it fell to the ground but remained controllable—I'm paraphrasing from sketchy memory here, based on what someone from the studio told me at a preview session a few weeks ago. In that sense, Snake Pass is reminiscent of Ubisoft's Grow Home, another small, cute-looking game that served to essentially showcase, or trial, a novel mechanic born from closed-doors playing around. Grow Home's was the individual control of its robot B.U.D.'s hands, to grip onto and climb a massive beanstalk. Snake Pass's is this singular slither, entirely unlike any other means of traversal I've ever (memorably) experienced.
Related on Waypoint: 'Yooka-Laylee' Is a Game Out of Time, for Better or Worse
It's entirely unintuitive at first, especially when Noodle—who can't drown, we're reassured by a loading screen message (but he can fall from any of the game's floating islands, putting him back to the previous activated, fairly generously spaced checkpoint)—flips around to face the player, sliding into the screen. Then, Noodle's right is no longer Noodle's right, it's ours, unlike the old Micro Machines control scheme of a direction remaining correct from the controlled character's perspective, not the player's.
You can switch to "easy" controls in the options, which maps all movement to the left stick. But don't, because once you master Snake Pass's intriguing arrangement of inputs, it becomes a wonderfully relaxed, take-your-time experience, and somehow "easy" feels like a cheat towards achieving that. There's no time limit, no risk of "failure", the challenges remain pretty consistent across the stages, and the game both looks and sounds delightful. To steal a line from fellow Waypoint writer Kate Gray (sorry, Kate), this is even more "Rare-like" than the forthcoming, comparably colorful Yooka-Laylee.
See? Can't drown. Everything's fine.
There's a palpable connection to said classic British studio, too, as Snake Pass's music—chilled, yet tropical, and all a bit lovely—comes from David Wise, who worked on the old Donkey Kong Country series (and, really, you can tell).
Come the fourth floating island of Snake Pass's opening stage, I felt like I'd got the hang of Noodle's navigational quirks—but the learning process I went through to get there wasn't, for me, an irritation (although I've read other reports coming from the opposite perspective). For me, Snake Pass is a game that makes mucking up fun, through its expressive central serpent, and simply by giving the player very little in the way of punishments for not quite constricting (via the other trigger) in time, in order to really cling to a bamboo safety net. Flop over the side and it's no bother, you're straight back into the snaking; it just might be that you need to re-collect a coin or keystone. It gets the brain sparking in a new way, both sides of it, reprogramming what regular gamers understand about movement and momentum.
And I really appreciate that. It's incredibly healthy for any medium of the arts, or school of design, to try new things. I don't envisage Snake Pass's controls catching on elsewhere—and why would they, given the clearly limited application potential? But as a standalone release, this is a successful experiment in challenging convention in an attractive, approachable fashion.
Snake Pass is out now for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC.
Follow Mike on Twitter.
Bengals running back Jeremy Hill isn't planning any celebratory leaps into the Dawg Pound this week. And it's not because he was shoved out last season.
Hill has renewed his focus on his production rather than any touchdown dances. It's a stark contrast from last season, when he predicted he'd leap into the crowd after scoring in Cleveland. Part of the reason for Hill's change of heart is his lack of production in his sophomore season. He is averaging just 3.5 yards per carry and has yet to hit the 100-yard mark despite scoring seven touchdowns.
“I've been trying to cut back on all that extra stuff, man,” Hill said per ESPN.com's Coley Harvey. “I've been just really trying to focus in on what we have to do. That stuff's all fun and dandy, but at the end of the day I'm synced in on what we need to accomplish.”
Article continues below ...
Hill is coming off his best yardage output of the season, an 86-yard day on 16 carries against St. Louis. The Bengals have been patiently waiting for Hill to get going and would surely love to see him replicate his last performance in Cleveland. Hill pounded the Browns defense for 148 yards and two scores on 25 carries in a 30-0 victory.
And if he does find the end zone Sunday, he may just hand the ball off to the officials and head back to the sideline.
The seeds for retail, 21+ cannabis in Colorado have been planted throughout this year, and they're currently being sowed so that when the calendar turns to 2014, they can sprout up almost immediately. And based on a report from the Denver Post, up to 100 recreational marijuana facilities could open as soon as January 1, 2014, the first day the future shops (136 have applied thus far) will be eligible to do so.
Likewise, Colorado's cannabis tourism bubble could and should burst early next year, if (or when) these shops can open their doors to anyone over the age of 21 from any state or any country in the entire world. Even though these tourists probably (foolishly) won't have any place to legally smoke this weed, they will still flock here like Americans used to flock to Amsterdam, because where there's weed, there's a way to smoke it without getting caught (see: stealthy vaporizers).
While public consumption should and will rightly be prohibited, it's already prominent in Denver and Boulder–and there simply won't be enough cops to cope with all the smoke. Plus, don't expect hotels or cafes in Colorado to make a fuss if someone's lighting up a joint on a patio–they already turn a blind eye.
As for the businesses (which are estimated to add $359 of revenue to Colorado's industry), you can expect them to boom, and keep coming on at a slow but steady pace. Colorado began accepting the applicants for retail stores in October, all coming from people who already own a medical-marijuana business in the state (one of Amendment 64's strong provisions), all of which Colorado's Marijuana Enforcement Division will make a formal decision made on by the end of the year.
The division, which oversees Colorado's regulation of marijuana businesses, accepted 136 applications in October from people seeking to open recreational pot shops. The division also accepted 28 applications for recreational marijuana-infused-products businesses and 174 applications for recreational cultivation facilities.
The ones given the green light are, by law, allowed to open their doors on January 1. Naturally, if a recreational facility is OK'd on December 30th, it will likely take them more than two days to get their acts and meds together. So in summation, you can expect Colorado's already solid industry to expand from a little over 1,500 certified businesses right now to closer to 2,000 sometime next year:
Colorado has 517 medical-marijuana dispensaries, 138 medical-marijuana-infused products businesses and 736 medical-marijuana-cultivation facilities, according to the Marijuana Enforcement Division. “It's expensive,” Meg Collins, the executive director of the Cannabis Business Alliance, said in explaining why so few medical-marijuana businesses are seeking to add a recreational component. “In the discussions I've had with folks, I think that one of the things that possibly forestalled people from immediately jumping in is the financial consideration.”
Coming full circle, the state of Colorado is already reaping the financial reward of legal weed–which is kind of the point (or excuse) of this historical moment in America, after all:
Application fees for new recreational-marijuana businesses start at $500 and licensing fees range from $2,750 to $14,000, depending on the type of business and other factors. Postlethwait said the division has not finished its accounting on how much money it collected in October, but estimated that application fees alone brought in around $179,000. [Denver Post]
That's a lot of dough, and a major aid to the state's once crumbling financial state that medical marijuana resuscitated not so long ago. The report also notes here are still more applicants in the woodworks that have yet to meet with Colorado's Marijuana Enforcement Division, so, as noted, expect more businesses added to that 136 number.
While the state is still working to finalize its legal weed tax situation, Colorado remains light-years ahead of Washington's schedule. And it's the place to be in 2014 if you like to get high–legally.
Are you affected by the fires in California? Please share your images with CNN if you're in a safe place.
Calistoga, California (CNN) The Napa County Fairgrounds is usually a place you go to have fun -- to watch a race, enjoy a show or revel at a festival.
Now, it's a refuge.
The fairgrounds have become a tent city for some of the thousands displaced by fast-moving wildfires in Northern California, blazes that continued to rage Monday across parched terrain threatening more homes and more lives.
"I just want to go home, if I have a home anymore," said Melissa Canchola, who has pitched a tent in the fairgrounds for her and her four children. "... I don't think there's anything left."
She is among those affected by the Valley Fire, which has scorched more than 61,000 acres since starting Saturday. Already, hundreds of homes have been destroyed, and some 9,000 more are threatened, according to CalFire.
#ValleyFire [update] in southern Lake County is now 61,000 acres & 5% contained. http://t.co/ggH21VbYzf — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) September 14, 2015
In the first few frenetic hours after the fire began, the Lake County Sheriff's Office got flooded with calls asking for helping evacuate people. One of those came in at 7:12 p.m. (10:12 p.m. ET) Saturday soliciting assistance to help an elderly disabled woman to safety. But authorities couldn't get to her before her subdivision was engulfed in flames.
That woman is the first victim of the Valley Fire. But Gov. Jerry Brown suggested she might not be the last.
"These fires will take lives. And they will cause injuries," Brown said. "We have to do the best we can because we are really in a battle with nature. (And) nature is more powerful than we are."
'I didn't expect to see everything gone'
Tammy Moore was at work when the Valley Fire roared through Cobb, California, leveling the home she's owned for 15 years.
"(It is) so much worse than I thought it would be," Moore said. "Even though I expected it to be bad, I didn't expect to see everything gone."
Many others had similar horror stories.
JUST WATCHED Thousands flee as wildfires threaten homes Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Thousands flee as wildfires threaten homes 02:55
Cobb resident Joyce Reim related her narrow escape to CNN affiliate KGO
"We were stuck in the middle of the fire for a while, and we couldn't go either way," she recalled. "As we came down, there was just fire everywhere.
"Our neighbors' houses, our friends' houses, everybody's houses were just burning out."
Official: 'We don't see an end in fire season'
Mark Ghilarducci, California's emergency services director, said that roughly 13,000 people have been displaced by the Valley Fire, which was 5% contained late Monday afternoon.
Another 11,000 or so in Amador and Calaveras counties have been ordered to evacuate because of the Butte Fire, which had scorched more than 71,000 acres.
Even smaller fires, like the Lumpkin Fire in Butte County, had triggered evacuation orders.
The worst thing may be that -- even if and when all these wildfires are subdued -- that doesn't mean the worst is over. While "fire season" used to be a confined period, now it's essentially year-round thanks in part to a historic drought that has left plenty of dry fodder for flames to spread.
"We don't see an end in fire season for ... months to come," said Chief Ken Pimlott, CalFire's director. "... We're in this for the long haul."
We've been waiting for Howie Kendrick's return from a strained oblique for quite some time.
He was diagnosed to be out two to three weeks. It's been a month now and he still has to go on a rehab assignment, according to general manager Matt Klentak.
So who should the Phillies call up if another outfielder goes down?
Rhys Hoskins is leading the International League in slugging percentage (.639) and OPS (1.066), but he's not on the 40-man roster.
Dylan Cozens is the reigning IL Player of the Week (.393, four HRs, eight RBIs, .857 slugging, two walk-off HRs), but is still batting only .221 with 52 strikeouts in 131 at-bats after a woeful April.
Roman Quinn's average is up to .279, but he has struck out 40 times in 129 at-bats.
Nick Williams has posted a pedestrian .256/.298/.380 line so far this season.
Cam Perkins is not on the 40-man roster, but hitting .261/.354/432. However, he's 6 for 37 over his last 11 games.
The speedster Quinn had a quick taste of the big leagues last season. Right now, he's getting his first feel of Triple A.
For a closer look at Quinn's development and story, watch the video above.
Over the past decade, the BBC, in collaboration with 2entertain, has released almost every classic story of Doctor Who on home media. However, one collection that was thought to be impossible to re-release consists of many of the older, black-and-white stories from between 1963 and 1969. They were thought to have been lost forever.
In the 60s and 70s, the BBC (and broadcasters, in general) didn't hold their content in high regard in terms of preserving or archiving. TV was considered a one-off deal. The original tapes were erased, or taped-over, when companies were lacking storage space and wanted to save money by reusing film. This means many television shows from that time are simply lost forever, at least in terms of their master copies. But the BBC and 2entertain managed to restore the second Doctor story, The Invasion, in 2006, in collaboration with animation company Cosgrove Hall. Since then, a few more stories have had animated recreations, which use the original audio. The surviving footage is then interspersed with animated replacement footage.
Rumours regarding restoration of a particular story remain, though. The Power of the Daleks (1966) is the first serial featuring the Second Doctor, played by Patrick Troughton. However, no original prints for the six-episode story are intact, so it was thought lost for good. However, two weeks ago a video leaked on Twitter and YouTube allegedly containing animation for The Power of the Daleks. The BBC quickly took the video down on copyright grounds, though. But now the official BBC online store posted a link allowing fans to pre-order The Power of the Daleks for digital download…before they took the site down again. There is a screencap, however:
Before removal, the site advertised an upcoming re-release celebrating the story's 50th anniversary. A digital download of Episode 1 of The Power of the Daleks will debut in November. The remaining episodes will release once a day consecutively. It seems the leaked footage was legitimate, though the BBC remains silent on the issue. We're not sure why they're being so coy about it. There's no Doctor Who news at the moment and no new episodes are hitting the air waves. So there's no chance of saturating the market with info. Either way, we have something to look forward to.
Images: BBC
Posted By William Carlisle is a features writer at GeekFeed. He is the host and co-host of the Film Brits Podcast and the Movie Mania Podcast respectively and has also written for Geekvision.tv and Noises Off!. William Carlisle is a features writer at GeekFeed. He is the host and co-host of the Film Brits Podcast and the Movie Mania Podcast respectively and has also written for Geekvision.tv and Noises Off!.
You might also like
I've watched a lot of football. I've watched a lot of WVU football. I've seen blowouts, upsets, great wins, terrible wins, good games, bad games, and everything in between. I've seen WVU manhandle teams that were supposed to be so much better than us that no amount of reason could even possibly suggest that we would win in any alternate reality. I've seen a 28 point favorite score 9 points at home...at night...
This weekend, I watched something I hadn't seen. I saw 56 points scored in a half, by one of the best offenses I've ever witnessed. EVER. Remember that game we played against Clemson a couple years ago where everything clicked and we scored 70? That was fun. Now we know how Clemson felt. Actually, we don't because 56 points in a half is unheard of for anyone, let alone WVU. Baylor simply couldn't miss. They couldn't score. Everything they threw was perfect and everything they caught stuck to their gloves. In fact, I want every glove from that game tested for Stick 'em.
The Maryland game this year was the polar opposite of this game. We handed them turnovers and points to go along with them. Nothing was handed to Baylor this weekend except miles and miles of open turf. Heck, we even had a bounce or two go our way with a muffed punt (that looked suspiciously like Carswell back there for Baylor didn't it?) and a couple interceptions. It didn't matter in the end, because Baylor simply outmatched us to the man. It's hard to complain about that.
But this is WVU. Mountaineer fans are some of the most ardent fans in the country. We're also a fickle bunch. It's painful writing that because WVU fans are also some of the best people I could ever hope to encounter. It's also painful because it mires us in a reputation of narrow-mindedness that so many have fought to escape. It's painful because, for a state that prides itself on blue-collar, hard-working, tough-nosed people, some fans are a bunch of Chicken Littles. These fans become the vocal minority after losses like this and it lumps the steadfast WVU fans in with the rest of the Cowardly Lions.
I understand the despair, because losing isn't something we've been used to for the past decade, let alone in the fashion we witnessed Saturday. I understand that feeling of "there's no way we should have been beat like that." What I don't understand, is that these same fans are the ones who said all off-season that this year was a rebuilding year and that we'd be lucky to make a bowl game. Now we're shocked that WVU isn't running the table in one of the best conferences in the country. Now, some fans want Dana Holgorsen fired. Now, Pat White wants Dana Holgorsen fired (and he suggests Lane Kiffin is available) and we all know how good of an eye he has for head coaches. Now, some people are even clamoring for Rich Rod to come back and "save the program." The same program he left in the middle of the night to coach at Michigan. I guess people forget the year he led us to a loss against the mighty Temple Owls.
Some WVU fans have awfully short memories. Remember the coach we hung in effigy outside of his home? He went on to be a pretty good one at Florida State if I remember correctly. Remember the coach who would have done anything for his school and the state and went 9-3 each season he coached but was blasted consistently for "squinting too much" and "ruining the program" before he was replaced by the current coach. This job essentially killed him, and WVU fans treated him like dirt when he didn't live up to our own lofty expectations. Bill Stewart was one of our own...and we turned on him.
For as much as WVU fans proclaim that we are a hard-working, blue-collar, roll your sleeves up bunch of people, we sure don't handle adversity on the football field well. In fact, a segment of our fanbase is calling for Dana's head on a spike. Before anyone thinks to deliver this, let's consider the following:
WVU lost 9 of 11 offensive starters after last year.
WVU's Geno Smith, Tavon Austin, and Stedman Bailey made up 92% of last year's offensive output. They all play in the NFL now.
WVU had the 113th ranked Defense Last season (there are 120 teams total)
WVU had the worst passing defense in the country last year.
WVU is no longer playing Temple, Rutgers, UConn, South Florida etc. We're in the Big 12.
This was never going to be an easy season. We hadn't anointed the next Steve Slaton/Noel Devine/Tavon Austin/Stedman Bailey/Geno Smith prior to the start of the season. We are the land of misfit toys on offense. We are much better on defense than could have been expected. Yet we want someone held accountable for the 73 points Baylor scored. "Fire Dana, bring back Rich Rod."
Let's all take a deep breath, step back from the ledge, and take this season for what it is: a rebuilding year. Personally, I'll take 73-42 over 13-9 any day of the week. I'd take sideline squinting and losses to Colorado over a midnight plane ride out of town. I have more pride than to beg someone who left this program in its darkest hour to come back. I have more pride than to give up on a coach who has been here for 3 years and lacks the personnel on the field to properly run his system. I have more pride than to worry that the sky is falling or that WVU will become obscure in the Big 12. I have more pride than that because I'm a Mountaineer. Thank God I'm a Mountaineer.
As always,
KGW has heard from Portland-area retailers frustrated by perpetual shoplifting problems. Retailers say the costs get passed onto consumers, who pay higher prices because of shoplifters. Police and many retailers feel the system is flawed as shoplifters often re-offend without facing serious consequences. We decided to take a closer look at shoplifting in Portland by talking to shoplifters and the store owners struggling to stop them.
KGW app users: Tap to view
Portland, Ore. — Detectives nicknamed a Portland thief “The Hamburglar” after catching him stealing roughly $2,690 worth of meat from Safeway stores in 2014.
Portland thief Barry Sanders
Over the past decade, Barry Sanders has been arrested 34 times for theft.
Sanders admits he's a professional thief.
“I know the law. I know the rules. I know what I can and can't do,” Sanders told a Portland detective during a videotaped interview.
Police say Sanders is an example of a flawed system that allows shoplifters to reoffend without facing serious consequences.
“Every time I get out of prison, I steal,” Sanders explained. “Send me back to prison again, oh well, I get out again.”
In 2016, Portland Police had 3,741 shoplifting cases. Detectives say those numbers don't truly reflect the problem -- it's much greater because most retail thefts go unreported.
“When you steal from us you're stealing from people,” explained Brianne Mees, co-owner of Tender Loving Empire in Portland. “We are individuals. We're not a corporation.” https://tenderlovingempire.com/
As a small business owner, Mees has grown frustrated with an increasing number of thieves stealing from her stores.
“Sometimes it's just slipping a necklace. Other times it's bolder,” she said.
Mees didn't realize the extent of the problem until she installed security cameras inside her stores.
“We looked back and saw instances where it seemed like we were having a pleasant interaction with a customer but then they slipped something like jewelry into their pocket,” said Mees.
As complaints about retail theft grew, Mees and another store owner Tamara Goldsmith created a private Facebook page called PDX Retailer shoplifter alert.
The online forum includes warnings about suspected shoplifters, their photos and surveillance video.
“We're much stronger together than we are as individuals,” explained Goldsmith, who owns Redux Boutique and Gallery. “There are hundreds of eyes all over town. People get identified all the time.”
In one instance, the Facebook group found a thief online and messaged them asking for the item to be returned.
“I got the bracelet back in the mail,” said Goldsmith.
The package included a note: “Please don't bother me anymore, here's your bracelet back.”
Shop owners say they often call police to investigate but most cases don't result in prosecution.
“I think there's definitely a lack of resources,” said Mees. “I know they're aware of the problem but it definitely feels like we need more support.”
Unlike other police agencies, the Portland Police Bureau does not have a detective dedicated to shoplifting or a retail theft task force.
The Boise Police Department started a pilot program in 2005 with one full-time officer dedicated to retail theft. The results were immediate. In 18 months, the department arrested 550 suspects for shoplifting, resulting in 1,054 felony charges.
Since then, Boise police has expanded its organized retail crime program to two sworn officers, along with a non-sworn crime prevention supervisor.
“The program has been and continues to be very effective,” said Ed Fritz, crime prevention supervisor with Boise police.
In 2011, the agency looked at shoplifting losses, also known as ‘shrink,' for three national retailers with locations in Boise. The shrink percentage was 41 percent lower in Boise than similar-sized cities. The retailers avoided an estimated $5.5 million in losses, Fritz said.
“Retail theft effects every business out there,” said Scott Chapman, director of asset protection for Albertsons and Safeway. He explained the cost of shoplifting drives up prices for all customers.
The grocery chain said over the past few years, incidents of shoplifting have remained steady, although the value of products stolen has increased.
Tide laundry detergent is among the most common items stolen from local store shelves because of its value. Security officers say Tide detergent is often resold to buyers online or elsewhere in the community.
The website “OfferUp” has dozens of ads based in Portland offering to sell Tide detergent. There is no way to verify if those items were stolen. % INLINE %
“We're seeing everyone -- from the homeless population who are looking to fulfill needs, to organized boosters selling on ecommerce sites or their neighbors in apartment buildings,” Chapman said.
To combat this crime, Albertsons and Safeway hired an outside agency to catch shoplifters. It also has an organized retail theft team that goes after bigger operations and organized crime rings.
Related: Investigating police calls to Walmart in Portland area
Major retailers in downtown Portland have hired private security or off-duty Portland police officers to help prevent shoplifting.
“Retailers know that the police department can't come out because they are limited,” said Chapman. “It may be one in 20 times they actually get prosecuted for a misdemeanor crime.”
Retailers and police expressed frustration that prolific shoplifters can't be stopped.
“On the rare occasion they are caught- the penalties don't seem to deter them from re-offending,” explained Sgt. Pete Simpson of the Portland Police Bureau. “You have some of these folks who are cycling through the system day after day, week after week.”
In Oregon, anyone caught stealing items valued at more than $1,000 can be charged with Theft One- a felony. Anything less is a misdemeanor.
“They're not stupid. This is their expertise,” explained Sgt. Simpson. “They know what they can get away with.”
Barry Sanders is proof. The so-called ‘Hamburglar' told police he has studied the law.
“I'm telling you. Are you listening?” said an animated Sanders pointing at a camera during a police interview. “I'm never going to get over $1,000 at any store. Never- because that makes it a Theft One.”
Some retailers suggest increasing the penalty for shoplifting. By lowering the threshold for a felony crime from $1,000 to a lower dollar amount, they argue the most troublesome offenders would likely end up behind bars.
“Right now, it appears to be a low level crime,” said Chapman.
Typically, the most prolific shoplifters are stealing to get drug money, explained Simpson.
“These are people that need to feed a habit every single day,” said Simpson. “There is no day off. They have to go out and steal and steal and steal.”
Simpson explained the most effective way to stop them is to curb the drug addiction.
“The challenge is that you have this cycle that is vicious,” said Simpson. “You need treatment options at the front end so you can break that cycle.”
In February, Barry Sanders was back in court. He pleaded guilty to a single count of Theft 2, a misdemeanor for shoplifting at a Safeway store in Northeast Portland.
The judge sentenced Sanders to probation, again.
Published May 4, 2017
Chrome evangelist François Beaufort gave us a glimpse of the potential future of Chrome OS on Friday, and boy is it ugly.
Maybe that's a bit harsh. The lone screenshot Beaufort provided of the “Athena project” is clearly in its early days; the developer fully warns that the Chromium team is still experimenting with it. “The first draft consists in a collection of windows with some simple window management,” he wrote on Google+.
Even so, it's hard to look at.
The first look at Project Athena for Chrome OS mashes up Material Design with the feel of Apple's Time Machine. (Click to enlarge.)
My misgivings extend beyond the rough look of the early build. While Athena appears designed to fit into Google's “Material Design” focus—the new aesthetic surging through the upcoming Android L and, soon, Google's various services—it's hard to understand why a multi-windowed approach is a better solution than the traditional browser tabs found in Chrome OS today.
Sure, the revamp matches up with the way Android L's app switcher treats both open apps and discrete webpages as individual entities, blurring the line between online and offline. But is that really a better solution than tabs for an OS built for PCs with touchpads and keyboards, especially with so much of Chrome OS revolving around the browser itself? I'm not sold at first glance.
Chrome OS has made great strides over the past months, adding a Start Menu-like App Launcher, Chrome Apps that run outside the browser, and a slew of offline capabilities. More than mere conduits to the web, Chromebooks are finally starting to feel like true PCs with a desktop operating system. Beaufort's screenshot has me worried that some of Chrome OS's functionality may be sacrificed so that the operating system better fits into the overarching Google design aesthetic.
I hope not. And, hey, I'm probably being too rough on a single screenshot of an early build of Chrome OS's “new kind of user experience,” as Beaufort calls Athena. But it's because I care—I use a Chromebook as my primary day-to-day laptop.
If you want to keep tabs on Athena's progression and aren't scared of nitty-gritty code, head over to the Chromium source and compile the “athena_main” target with ninja -C out/Release athena_main, according to Beaufort.
April 1st—National Atheist's Day
By David J. Stewart | April 2007 | Updated March 2016
I learned this week that astronomers have estimated there are at least 200 sextillion stars in the universe. [ 1 ] Wow! A “sextillion” is a 1 with 21 zeros behind it! Even more amazing is that scientists tell us there are more stars in the universe than there are grains of sand upon all of earth's beaches. Yet, just one atom of sand contains more atoms than all the stars in the universe!!! How could anyone deny that God exists, and that He created all things by His power! Only a wicked heart of rebellion, ingratitude and intentional unbelief could compel a person to deny God's existence. Truly, God is amazing and His greatness is unsearchable! Psalms 145:2-3, “Every day will I bless thee; and I will praise thy name for ever and ever. Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness is unsearchable .”
I was recently thinking about the cow, as I ate a delicious homemade burger. Here's a great recipe for Hellmann's burgers . They're so good, I don't even use ketchup or mustard. As I ate my burger, I thought about how God made cows to feed a lot of people. This animal has short legs and a big meaty body, to feed a lot of hungry people. Evolution couldn't do that! God is so good! Psalms 145:9, “The LORD is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.”
Please look at the colorful and tasty looking photo to the right. I see juicy red tomatoes, blessed blueberries, crisp red apples, delicious strawberries, various sorts of bell peppers, corn, squash, grapes, cucumbers, et cetera. How could Evolution do this? How could a “ Big Bang ,” resulting in cosmic chaos and accidental aftermath, evolve into a highly organized universe that any honest scientist knows was created with design, purpose and order. A big bang explosion couldn't do this. It is IMPOSSIBLE!!!
Only a complete fool would deny the existence of almighty God. Creation itself is a clear and incontrovertible witness to the existence of a divine Creator. Oh the wickedness of those who blaspheme God, by denying His eternal Power and Godhead!
“For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse .” —Romans 1:20
The Absurdity Of Claiming To Be An Atheist
The satanic bogus theories of Evolution have never been substantiated by legitimate science. There is only speculation and unfounded theories, that sinfully attempt to undermine the inspired Words of God.
Science supports the Holy Bible. Archaeology supports the Holy Bible. Astronomy supports the Holy Bible. No branch of science, history or expertise has proved the Bible wrong. None! I'm betting on God's side, because He has a perfect batting average!
It was atheist Bill Maher, host of Politically Incorrect on ABC, who said on August 22, 2001:
“The Bible is a Fairy Tale!”
One of these days Mr. Maher will reap the fruits of his unbelief in the fires of Hell... “In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ” (2nd Thessalonians 1:8). I marvel that a mere man, who has only been conscious of life and the universe for less than 50 years, will speak so boldly against the God of the universe and His Holy Word!!! My friend, unless you have traveled all time and the space in the universe, you cannot say that there is no God.
Paul McCartney of The Beatles said:
“We probably seem to be anti-religious ... none of us believes in God.” (Hit Parader, Jan 1970, p.15)
The Beatles were Communists! Their music often promoted Communism and the overthrow of authority in songs such as “Revolution No. 9,” “Working Class Hero,” “Back in the USSR,” “Power to the People,” “Sometime in New York City,” “Give Peace a Chance,” “Bloody Sunday” (which called British police "Anglo pigs"), “Attica State” (“now's the time for revolution”), “Angela” (which glorified Communist Angela Davis), and “Piggies.”
All of The Beatles were whoremongers. Ringo Starr stated:
“We got drunk a lot. You couldn't help it. We had a lot of girls. We soon realized that they were easy to get” (TV Guide, July 29, 1978, p. 21).
McCartney said:
“We didn't all get into music for a job! We got into it to avoid a job, in truth-and get lots of girls.”
Hebrews 13:4, “Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.” Where is John Lennon and George Harrison now? Sadly, they're burning in the torments and fires of Hell. Most rich people think they already have Heaven on earth, so they snub their noses at God in their sinful pride.
Angelina Jolie (pictured left) is a Godless heathen bound for Hellfire if she doesn't repent towards God in faith (Acts 20:21). When asked “Is there a God?,” Jolie responded...
"Hmm... For some people. I hope so, for them. For the people who believe in it, I hope so. There doesn't need to be a God for me. There's something in people that's spiritual, that's godlike. I don't feel like doing things just because people say things, but I also don't really know if it's better to just not believe in anything, either."
Well Ms. Jolie, you may be sincere; but you are sincerely WRONG! You need Jesus Christ, who is Almighty God (Isaiah 9:6; John 1:1-3,14; John 10:33; Colossians 2:9; 1st Timothy 3:16; Revelation 1:8 — King James Bible). Woe unto the world! Woe unto them who live their lives as if there is no God! Psalm 53:1 states, “The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that doeth good.” Those who deny God and His Word are CORRUPT!
The legendary secular author Ernest Hemingway, who would later take his own life by suicide in 1961, said:
“All thinking men are atheists.”
Do you agree with Mr. Hemingway? If you do, then listen to the Words of warning from Revelation 21:8, “But the fearful, and unbelieving , and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.” I truly feel sorry for professed atheists, because they are only hurting themselves. The Scriptures are very adamant that “Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God” (John 3:3). I sincerely don't want to see William Shatner, Billy Joel, Barry Manilow, Warren Buffet and Angelina Jolie perish in their sins and unbelief to burn in the Lake of Fire forever (Revelation 20:13-15).
The Bible is penned in black on white paper, for the world to read. Please take a look around you, the next time that you visit your local grocery store, as you fill your cart with blessing after blessing from God. We breath God's clean air (unless men have polluted it). We drink God's pure water (unless men have polluted it). God is a good God. We enjoy the blessing of health from God. If God remains faithful to reach out to us, we can never blame him in eternity for refusing Him. 2nd Timothy 2:13, “If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful: he cannot deny himself.” God is right in everything that He does!!!
I believe the Gospel of Jesus Christ, do you? According to 1st Corinthians 15:1-4, the “Gospel” constitutes three elements: Christ DIED on the cross for our sins, He was BURIED, and then He miraculously bodily RESURRECTED three days later. It is so simple to be saved, JUST BELIEVE THE GOOD NEWS. That's how you receive the gift of eternal life. Just believe the Gospel, make it your only hope for Heaven.
We read in Galatians 3:2, “This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith ? Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh?” The apostle Paul wrote a letter to the church at Galatia. Paul only wanted to know ONE THING... HOW DID YOU GET THE INDWELLING HOLY SPIRIT? THAT IS TO SAY, HOW DID YOU GET SAVED? Was it by doing the works of the law (i.e., the Ten Commandments). Or did you simply hear the Gospel preached and gladly receive it? If you believe (trust) the Gospel, you are saved!!! Salvation is that simple!!! It is a free gift (Romans 5:15, 18; Romans 6:23; Ephesians 2:8-10).
Tragically, Gene Roddenberry (Star Trek TV series creator) died in his sins without Christ). Also, Leonard Nimoy (“Spock”) died in his strange female goddess religion without Christ. Legendary singer, England Dan, died in his satanic Baha'i Faith and went to Hell. David Bowie asked for a Buddhist funeral. Steve Jobs of Apple Computers was a devout Buddhist. They are being tormented in Hell right now, and forever! I could name hundreds of famous actors, singers and celebrities who either deny God's existence or reject Jesus Christ as their Savior. Either way, they're damned under the curse of God's law (Galatians 3:10). I do not rejoice that anyone goes to Hell, and neither does God (Ezekiel 33:10; 2nd Peter 3:9). The choice is yours alone to make. Wicked people may unite hand-in-hand, even nation-with-nation, against God, but when we all die, we die alone. We are judged alone (Romans 14:10-12; James 4:12; Ecclesiastes 12:14). Judgment Day is coming! (Hebrews 9:27; Hebrews 4:13 - All Scripture references are ONLY to the trustworthy King James Bible).
Here are some more arrogant statements exclaimed against God almighty by foolish atheists:
“By simple common sense I don't believe in God, in none.” —Actor, Charlie Chaplin
“I gradually, decided that just because I didn't have or couldn't find the ultimate answer didn't mean I was going to buy the religious fairytale. As an atheist you have to rationalize things.” —Singer, Billy Joel
“I have NEVER seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious theories of Heaven and Hell, of future life for individuals, or of a personal God.” —Inventor, Thomas Edison
“My belief system is that when this is over, you don't look down from Heaven and wait for your loved ones to join you... your molecules continue and in due time become something else.” —Actor, William Shatner
It was Helen Keller who blasphemed God's Word by stating:
"There is so much in the bible against which every instinct of my being rebels, so much so that I regret the necessity which has compelled me to read it through from beginning to end. I do not think that the knowledge I have gained of its history and sources compensates me for the unpleasant details it has forced upon my attention."
Not coincidentally, the “I love you” hand sign which Ms. Keller allegedly developed is also used in satanic rituals and by Rock-n-Roll idolaters. In fact, satanist Anton LaVey has a picture of Keller's hand sign (with the thumb extended) in the 1969 Satanic Bible. The link I just provided takes you to an actual photo from The Satanic Bible. The argument about the extended thumb not being a satanic hand sign is simply not true.
Communist Karl Marx said:
“The social principles of Christianity preach cowardice, self-contempt, abasement, submission, humility, in a word all the qualities of the canaille.”
Do you not see that the common denominator of Communism, Rock-n-Roll, immorality, and Satanism is ATHEISM? One of the primary goals of Communism is to cause moral decay. Communist leader Vladimir Lenin stated:
“The best revolutionary is a youth devoid of morals.”
David Noebel best summarized the influence of the Beatles, particularly John Lennon, when he said:
“...the present rock 'n' roll scene, Lennon's legacy, is one giant, multi-media portrait of degradation-a sleazy world of immorality, venereal disease, anarchy, nihilism, cocaine, heroin, marijuana, death, Satanism, perversion, and orgies” (The Legacy of John Lennon, by David Noebel, 1982, p. 15).
Although the above quote speaks of JOHN Lennon of the Beatles, one could easily think it was speaking of Vladimir Lenin. Is this not EXACTLY the fulfillment of Vladimir Lenin's Communist agenda... a youth devoid of morals ? Yes, it certainly is! You can't tell Lenin from Lennon when it comes to beliefs and morality! These are the fruits of atheism.
Truly, April Fool's Day is a fitting holiday for all the Communistic, Rock-n-Rolling, Satanic, immoral, child-murdering, feminist, ATHEISTS in the world. There's not a bigger bunch of fools on the planet.
“For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse : Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened . Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools ... Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart: Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.” —Romans 1:20-22 and Ephesians 4:18-19
When the truth is revealed, there's no such thing as an atheist. There are only ingrates who refuse to acknowledge the goodness and omnipotent power of God. Romans 1:20 confirms that there is no such thing as an atheist. All the proof anyone needs of God are found right outside your front door, which is why on Judgment Day all professed atheists will be without excuse. I assure you that there are no atheists in Hell.
Do you know where most atheists are from? They come out of heathen State universities. Most young people profess to be homosexuals in a heathen university, which is where they are indoctrinated with that garbage. Most people decide to become atheist in some heathen school. Colossians 2:4 and 18, “And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words. ... Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind.” The Scriptures warn about taking unsound advice from unsaved people.
Rockstar Games – After the Love Has Gone for PC Gamers Gregory Mooney
Let the uproar among soccer moms and our politically correct mass media outlets begin! A new full-fledged GTA (Grand Theft Auto) has been released into the wild and with it comes the media circus that surrounds it about how we are corrupting our children's minds with filth and building a society where stealing cop cars and blowing up doughnut shops is morally decent. Unfortunately for the GTA haters out there, I'm not here to dump on the violence in GTA. In fact, I'm a big fanboy of the whole series, with one small exception - I wish they would give a little more love to PC gamers.
When you approach GTA as a critical gamer, to immerse game play gives you plenty to take in. Rockstar Games has always been able to impress with this series and build new benchmarks for competition in the game industry to surpass.
There has, however, been a bit of backlash from GTA fans in past releases - and this release should be no different.
Firstly, I'm an avid PC gamer, so it should be of no surprise the last console I bought was the PS2. To put this into perspective, my friend gave me a red-ringed Xbox360 in otherwise great condition about six months ago and I've yet been motivated to spend the $60 to get it repaired. Why would I bother when every game I actually care about on Xbox or Playstation is released on PC anyways? Not to mention that I can build a PC that has equivalent (or better) hardware than the next generation of gaming consoles for close to the same price.
As for GTA, I played IV on my friend's Xbox and I probably will do the same for GTA V, because I refuse to buy a gaming console when I have a perfectly good PC built for gaming.
The point is that gamers, whether they are console or PC gamers, are a very sensitive and divisive group. By releasing such a popular game for some platforms and not others you risk the chances of alienating a whole market. PC gaming is one colossal market, and probably not one you want to alienate. So maybe it's not such a bad idea that Rockstar is not considering a PC release of this game at this time, since they offended every PC user who was a GTA fan last time around with their hideous port from console to PC.
Why is Rockstar Ignoring the PC?
Frankly, Rockstar has been horrible at porting games to the PC and I actually find it quite annoying since I am such a big fan of their games. GTA IV worked almost seamlessly on the consoles, but when they released it for PC the game was riddled with performance and graphics issues.
It's as if they neglected the whole testing process when they were porting to the PC. If they can build such a huge hit of a game that brings in a ridiculous amount of revenue for them, why can't they spend a little extra to make a good port to the PC?
Well, apparently PC gamers aren't getting any love this time around either. Despite a handful of rumors and a leak from NVIDIA (which was later rescinded), Rockstar continues to say they will not release GTA V for the PC. I guess the software pirates and angry PC gamers got to them.
How very Microsoft of you, Rockstar.
If you are purely a PC gamer, you may feel a little better signing this petition by Change.org. That's right, PC gamers are so angry right now at being slighted by Rockstar Games they have used a website usually dedicated for political change to make their voices heard. What a world we live in!
There is another theory: Rockstar doesn't want to say anything about a PC release until they have a well-tested and respectable port to PC.
Unlike with GTA IV, where they released it in such a sad state and followed up with a series of patches, maybe they saw they want to make sure GTA V is done right this time around. There actually have been reports of proof in the hacked Xbox360 version of GTA V of a PC version. If this is in fact true, we are dealing with some very illusive developers.
Of course this is all speculation, but I'd like to believe that video game companies see PC gamers equal to their console counterparts because, guess what, I'm still not buying a PS3 or fixing that red-ringed Xbox360. I will stand strong with my fellow PC gamers and never back down, because we all know consoles are eventually going to be a thing of the past.
What do you think? Would you rather see a low quality PC release in the next few months, or are you willing to wait out the speculation and keep your fingers crossed for a high quality product next year? And how would your company deal with a similar situation? Would you put out a low quality product and try to patch it later, or would you miss deadlines to ensure that you were only giving your customers the best of the best? Give us your feedback in the comments section below.
See also:
[dfads params='groups=931&limit=1&orderby=random']
[dfads params='groups=937&limit=1&orderby=random']
The future of Canadian outdoor ice hockey -- a sport synonymous with the country's culture -- is being threatened by anthropogenic climate change, new research suggests.
As warmer winter temperatures restrict ice from freezing over, researchers believe the ice hockey stars of the future will have limited access to the frozen lakes and backyard rinks that have helped shape the careers of some of the greatest professional players, such as Wayne Gretzky; the Canadian considered to be the greatest of all time who started skating as a child on a rink in his backyard.
Evidence of this was seen earlier this year when the world's longest skating rink, the Rideau Canal Skateway in Ottawa, was closed due to warmer-than-usual seasonal temperatures.
Their study, published March 5 in IOP Publishing's journal Environmental Research Letters, calculated the annual start date and length of the outdoor skating season (OSS) from historical weather data across Canada and recorded how these have changed since the 1950s in tune with global warming.
Of the 142 meteorological stations studied, the researchers, from McGill University and Concordia University, found that only a few of the weather stations showed a statistically significant trend towards earlier start dates of the OSS; however, a much larger proportion of stations showed a statistically significant decrease in the length of the skating season over the past half century.
The largest decreases in the skating season length were observed in the Prairies and Southwest regions of Canada. By extrapolating their data to predict future patterns, the researchers envisaged a complete end to outdoor skating within the next few decades in areas such as British Columbia and Southern Alberta.
Co-author Damon Matthews from Concordia University emphasizes, though, that the skating season in all regions of Southern Canada is vulnerable to continued winter warming: "There is not much akin to skating outdoors, and the creation of natural skating rinks depends on having enough cold winter days. It is hard to imagine a Canada without outdoor hockey, but I really worry that this will be a casualty of our continuing to ignore the climate problem and obstruct international efforts to decrease greenhouse gas emissions."
Using information from outdoor public ice skating rinks in various Canadian cities, the researchers created a set of weather criteria that marks the beginning, and determines the length, of the OSS.
Their definition of the beginning of the OSS is the last in a series of three days where the maximum temperature does not exceed -5°C -- it takes several cold days to lay the initial ice on the rink. Subsequently, the researchers counted the number of viable rink flooding days to estimate the season's length at each of the 142 stations.
Canada appears to have taken more of a hit from global warming compared to other countries in the world: since 1950, winter temperatures in Canada have increased by more than 2.5°C, which is three times the globally-averaged warming attributed to anthropogenic global warming.
S-Town Promo Graphic_Credit - Artwork by Valero Doval.jpg
'S-Town,' a new podcast from the creators of 'This American Life' and 'Serial', focuses on the life of an eccentric man in a small town in Alabama. Artwork by Valero Doval.
On Tuesday, the creators of 'This American Life' and 'Serial' will launch their latest effort, a non-fiction podcast called 'S-Town' centered on a small town in Alabama.
Here's what we know about that podcast:
Brian Reed hosts the podcast, and spent a long time in Alabama and on the phone with Alabama folks working on it. 'Serial' co-creator Julie Snyder served as executive producer. 'This American Life' creator and host Ira Glass and 'Serial' host Sarah Koenig are also on the 'S-Town' team.
A man named John invited Reed to Alabama. John insisted that there was a cover-up of a murder in his small, rural Alabama town, and wished for Reed to investigate. After many phone calls with John, Reed makes the trek to Alabama.
John quickly becomes the most compelling character in the podcast. He is an eccentric, well-educated man who loathes his small town (or perhaps, at times, grudgingly love it), but has never left. He lives in a large, stately old house in the woods with his mother. He uses his time to restore old clocks, to build a maze in his garden (a representation of that can be seen in the 'S-Town' artwork), and to research his favorite topics. He takes care of his mother, and gives handyman work to a young neighbor, Tyler.
The source of John's wealth seems to be a mystery. The reason why he stays in a place he seems to hate is a mystery, too.
The incident John invites Reed to investigate is a murder John has heard about, in which the son of a wealthy man in the county has been bragging that he got away with murder.
Soon, someone else ends up dead, and Reed's investigation takes a different turn.
When it launches and how to listen:
All seven episodes will publish at the same time, so feel free to binge! Load up your Apple or Android device with the episodes so you can listen on your spring break travels. The episodes will be live in the iTunes Store, on apps like Stitcher, and on the 'S-Town' website at 8 a.m. Tuesday.
What do mushrooms and Isaan people have in common? They both flourish in difficult places, and are resilient enough to make those places home. Both have been affected by changes in recent decades that were as much economic as ecological: exploitation of labor and forest lands, migration of working people and the disappearance of mushroom habitats.
Guest commentary by Peera Songkünnatham
One thing has remained constant, though – Isaan people's love for picking edible wild mushrooms. This article is a celebration of the joys of picking mushrooms, but also a warning, as the places one found mushrooms before might no longer be there.
Isaan was where I first learned to pick mushrooms, last year during my ethnographic fieldwork. Somewhere in Khueang Nai District, Ubon Ratchathani Province, some way in from a two-lane asphalt road beyond a temple and some rice paddies and rubber fields, stood a eucalyptus forest. Tall, equally spaced, in orderly rows, left and right.
On one side, a sign read “Forest Industry Organization | 1983 Plot,” and on the other “1984 Plot.” A monopolistic state enterprise, the Forest Industry Organization started introducing eucalyptus plantations in 1975 to rehabilitate national reserve forestlands as well as to accommodate fast-growing demands for fuel wood. In effect, plantations like this one were saved from being cleared, yet at the same time they were slated for logging for state revenue. Thirty years of monopoly, however, did enable thirty years of flourishing of forest undergrowth.
At first glance, you wouldn't expect a bounty of edible mushrooms in a eucalyptus forest. How could they grow on land devoted to a single species? Yet, there they were – in groups or alone, by termite hills, hidden under a bush or dry leaves, or barely above ground. I would learn to appreciate mushrooms in all their distinct varieties – some aromatic, some more phallic than others, mushrooms of all the tints of the rainbow plus white, grey, and black. There were even het phoeng yu-ka, bitter and crunchy purple mushrooms growing on eucalyptus bark.
We were there as casual pickers, our end goal was to cook a big spicy pot of mushrooms that day to share with our families. It was like an adventure game with our team as tutorial, our eyes as skill, our shovel as equipment, our long sleeves and pants as armor, and a lot of luck as a fun variable.
We were not “professional” mushroom pickers who go in the wee hours hunting for mushrooms in specific spots, walking for hours on end with only brief pauses for rest. By the time we went there, the professionals were already sitting under thatched stands by the main road, showcasing their pricey picks. Het pluak – whose long roots grow from termite hills – were the most coveted, some years fetching 300 baht per kilo. Then there were het ra-ngok, their white shells and orange tips glistening like salted egg. These sold for about 120 baht per kilo in the city market, but half that price or less by the roadside. The friend who took me there estimated that the monetary value of the mushrooms from this forest alone – less than 200 rai – is about one million baht per year.
Several decades ago, forests stood right next to many villages in Isaan and villagers relied on the forest for food. Whenever they went in the forests surrounding their village, they would come out with baskets so full of mushrooms that they didn't care when they spilled.
Once home, a couple of elderly villagers would sit and look at the pick and hold them up one by one, shaking their head and throwing away suspicious ones, keeping only those they knew were edible and tasty. Few kinds were “trusted” back then – a large majority was tossed out to rot.
Not so anymore – those forests virtually no longer exist. During the 1980s, many of the remaining forests in Isaan were declared degraded and villagers could then legally clear the land for crops and obtain land titles.
As the region's population leaped from 6.8 million in 1952 to 12 million in 1970, and to 19 million in 1989, forests were cleared for farming. Northeastern Thailand's sprawling forests covered 102,667 square kilometers in 1952, but by 1973 the number was halved, and almost halved again by 1982. All this time, despite the deforestation, there was less land to farm per person: the ratio decreased from 1.88 rai per person in 1952 to 1.57 in 1989.
What this decrease in number does not account for is the fact that most Isaan people by then had turned to seasonal labor, often in faraway places, or started up small businesses, sometimes replacing their rice agriculture.
With forests cleared, mushrooms still thrived on the edges of irrigated rows of crops and in the extant forests preserved by monks. Due to the scarcity of forestlands, more people flocked to the remaining forests farther away, ultimately leading to increased local knowledge of mushrooms and local competition in these areas.
The morning we went mushroom picking, we had arrived about 6 a.m. – later than many other groups. Villagers within an hour‘s radius in all directions came here, with license plates from Ubon Ratchathani, Sisaket, Yasothon, and Amnat Charoen provinces.
Sometimes we walked for ten minutes without spotting anything but poisonous mushrooms. Once I came upon a big red mushroom, so big it was falling apart. But my friend's uncle told me it was already too old – I should leave it on the soil so it could spread again.
After a couple of hours, we returned to the pickup truck. The most popular question was “man bo? (were you lucky?).” It was a little like discussing the lottery. We showed one another our picks, ate some pork floss sandwiches, and prepared to return home.
This was in mid-2014. When mushroom season came again in 2015, I returned to the forest only to find all the eucalyptus trees logged, felled to feed a burgeoning industry. Minor branches were discarded where they were cut, blocking most walking paths. Only a small portion of the forest was left intact. Most mushroom pickers have now gone elsewhere.
What lies ahead? This uprooted eucalyptus forest will probably be overtaken by nearby villagers in order to cultivate cash crops. But things may turn out differently. A growing number of Thais embrace the cause of forest conservation. Many times, however, conservation is framed as a struggle between non-human nature and (urban) human greed, a frame which excludes foraging and other indigenous uses of forests. If picking mushrooms becomes a “cool” hobby like it has in the U.S., how would young Thais' imagination of forest conservation be reconfigured? I hope that young conservationists cultivate a nuanced kind of understanding of forests, one where humans are neither greedy encroachers nor scrupulous conservers.
Foragers' relationship to forests will still remain strong. Picking mushrooms is still very much associated with the traditional, rural way of life in Thailand. This year, Matichon Online reported on luk thung star Pai Pongsathorn's mushroom picking trip with his mother, indicating a loyalty to his cultural origins.
This sense of rootedness is not only good for nostalgia, but also food for imagining a future. Conservationists, for example, could translate their cause in ways that resonates with this sense of rootedness in order to develop better demands of environmental protection policy.
Maybe one of the traits Isaan people possess that mushrooms lack could help us both flourish, and that is memory. Villagers told me that many ecological resources might soon become things of the past: tasty marsh-dependent bullfrogs, lowland buffers for seasonal floods, precious hardwood now being stolen overnight to meet Chinese demand.
But there is hope. Villagers I met have made local agreements to not disturb the village's san pu ta (ancestral shrine) forest area, and to not smoke out one particular kind of wasp nest, for example. Memory, inherent in these initiatives, forms the basis for reaching community solutions to upcoming ecological scarcity. When we realize that the places we found mushrooms before are no longer there, we may mourn. But we may also remind ourselves to make a place – or rather leave a place – for the mushrooms to flourish.
Peera Songkünnatham was born and raised in Sisaket City. After studying Anthropology and Sociology at Swarthmore College, Pennsylvania, Peera is now striking out a path as a freelance writer and translator based in the Northeast.
Whether you love Trump or hate Trump, there is no denying the Trump impact.
By Carla McCombs:
Last night a friend claimed that Donald Trump wouldn't make a good president; he is brash, he is racist, he is a loudmouth; you know the normal things people learn to recite after being programmed by television news. The one I loved was that, “Trump is arrogant.” My friend questioned if one man could make “that much difference in the world today.” To my friend's credit, she was respectful enough to let me respond when she asked, “Really, what has Trump done?”
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to The Black Sphere updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: SCOTUS Justice Send Warning to FAKE NEWS Journalists
I said, “In June of last year, Trump entered the race for president. In just a little over a year, Trump has single handedly defeated the Republican party. He did so thoroughly. In fact, he did so in such a resounding way that the Republican Party now suffers from an identity crisis. He literally dismantled the party. Trump even dismantled and dismissed the brand and value of the Bush family.
Trump has Obama petrified that Trump will dismiss programs that weren't properly installed using proper law.
Trump has single-handedly debunked and disemboweled any value of news media as we knew it—news now suffering from an all-time level of distrust and disrespect.
Trump has leaders from all over the world talking about him, whether good or bad. Trust me, powerful men who have been president before weren't liked by the global community. I doubt Mikhail Gorbachev liked Reagan when Reagan said, “Tear down that wall.”
Trump has expressly disclosed the fraud perpetrated on the American public by Hillary Clinton. He has, quite literally, brought Hillary to her knees—if you believe that nervous tension and disorders offer physical side effects and damage.
Trump has unified the silent majority in a way that should be patently frightening to “liberals.”
As the press accuses Trump of being a house of cards, Trump has proven the press is the real house of cards. He has whipped up the entire establishment into pure panic. Trump has exposed them for who they are and worse, what they are. George Clooney was right when he said Trump draws live news coverage of his podium that he's not yet approached. Thanks, George, you were perfectly correct.
What we see as headline news today are actually the last bubbles from the ship that is now sunk—meaning the standard news media, as a propaganda machine, has been exposed. They have no more value.
In the same way Trump asked the African-American community this question, I asked my friend, ”At this point, what do you have to lose?”
We have mass cop shootings, riots in our streets, ambushed cops, double digit inflation, bombs blowing up in our cities, targeted police, # BLM, a skyrocketing jobless rate, no economic growth, privately owned land being seized by the federal government, the worst racial tension in my lifetime, no God in schools, more abortions than ever, illegal aliens pouring into our country, sick veterans receiving no care, and a debt that doubled in seven years to $19 trillion. Are you really happy with the condition of the current system?
One man has done all of this in one year—one guy, and on his own dime. And with everything I've written above, you believe Trump hasn't done anything? You claim that you are afraid of Donald Trump? No wonder we're in trouble. You can say that Trump is a lousy presidential candidate. That's your right. Just don't ever say he's not effective.
That Megan Kelly, FOX News, CNN, MSNBC, Washington Post, Rachel Maddow, the Huffington Post, the New York Times, Raleigh's News and Observer, the AP, Don Lemon, Jake Tapper, and many more failed to implement their collectively orchestrated lie on the American people against Trump, is actually a massive testament to Trump. The press colluded pure propaganda to accomplish his demise … and they have collectively failed and miserably.
Here's just one example of how badly America is injured right now. There are high school football players on their knees during the national anthem simply because the press used as propaganda to program those kids to do that very thing. But, these kids are mimicking NFL stars the same way the same kids choose which brand of football shoe to purchase—they're overtly brain-washed to do that very thing.
Now, we have a generation of children who hate America.
America's problem isn't that little children are on their knee in collective disrespect of America. Our problem is that America is on her knee from collective disrespect by Americans.
You can disrespect America all you want. But, it's high-time you respect the silent majority. Because they're not simply the “silent majority” as you've been trained to believe when Hillary calls them “deplorables.” The fact is, they are simply the majority. And now they're no longer silent either.
Donald Trump changed all of that, single-handedly and within one year.
Here's a very short deep think post. Enjoy.
"...in the Clinton days, the hallmark of policy was, if you did this, how would it affect the bond market?" James Carville.
Globalization is in the process of eviscerating traditional loyalties. In the 20th Century, loyalty to the nation-state (nationalism, often interwoven with ideology), was supreme. In today's environment, a global marketplace is now the supreme power over the land. It has drained the power of nation-states to control their finances, borders, people, etc. Traditional ideologies and political solutions are in disarray as the fluctuating and often conflicting needs of the global marketplace override all other concerns. As a result, nation-states are finding it increasingly impossible to govern and the political goods they can deliver are being depleted.
Interestingly, nothing of any size that can attract loyalty has stepped into the breach, nor is it likely to. Loyalty to a faceless and capricious (and sometimes vicious) global marketplace is impossible. NOTE: there is an animistic, in that it attaches meaning to natural phenomenon, cult in Anglo-Saxon countries devoted to 'free markets', which attracts some belief/faith but little true loyalty (in that few people would die for it). With the replacement for the nation-state, that advances the interests of its members nowhere in sight, we have seen a growing shift in the primary loyalties of people to smaller groups that will -- to the corporation, family, gang, tribe, religious group, clan, virtual group, etc.
This shift in loyalty is proliferating, growing in strength since these groups can as easily access the global marketplace as easily as any nation-state. With this access, they can deliver the benefits to their members that nation-states cannot or will not deliver.
A Hand Held Tesla Coil Battery Powered ‘Plasma Gun'
The design for this Tesla Coil is based on the larger battery powered DIY Tesla Coil project but with the aim of getting a much smaller and portable device. A Power Pulse Modulator circuit is used to drive two small high voltage ignition coils wired together in an ‘anti-parralel' configuration. The output is rectified and used to charge the tank capacitor of a small spark gap Tesla Coil.
WARNING: This project uses dangerous high voltages!
This project is quite old now. Check out the new, more powerful DIY Plasma Gun!
The device is packed into the casing of cheapo cordless drill from a DIY store. This drill used an 18V battery and comes with a charger which made it ideal for the project. The ignition coil driver circuit used takes a direct 12V – 30V input which is connected using the original switch from the drill.
This video clip shows the plasma gun causing a nearby light bulb to light up as if it were a plasma globe.
The high frequency, high voltage from the plasma gun causes the Argon gas in the light bulb to become ionized. This creates streamers that are attracted to the fingers holding it.
The device draws about 6 amps from a well charged 12 V battery which makes the total power consumption to around 72 watts. Unfortunately this low power means the plasma arcs will be limited in size, but since it is hand held that's probably a good thing. The typical length of the output arcs is between 5 and 7cm
Such a small Tesla Coil inherently has quite a high resonant frequency which in this case is about 500 kHz. This frequency is too high to feel as electric shock but when being zapped you can feel the low frequency component of the spark gap firing rate.
The main driving circuit is a type of pulse width modulation circuit with protection against high voltage spikes. It is adjusted to get the maximum output from the two ignition coils.
The two ignition coils were stripped of the casing in order to reduce the overall size and allow access to the internal wiring. The inputs are wired in an anti-parallel arrangement to help keep the charging voltage high when under load.
The HV outputs of the spark coils are connected to a rectifier (D1) made from four HV diodes potted in epoxy resin. Connected to this is a small smoothing capacitor (C1) which helps to reduce the ripple in the HV DC output. The tank capacitor (C2) is charged from the HV DC supply via two RF chokes (inductors L1 & L2) which serve to prevent the RF oscillations of the TC primary circuit from interfering with the rest of the circuit.
The previous battery powered tesla coil design needed to be well connected to a good RF ground such as a metal rod in the earth. Without this the output would be limited and the driver circuit would be prone to failure.
With this mini tesla coil the RF ground connection is made by connecting it to a copper pad on the handle.
The body of the person holding the device is used as the RF ground and the large area of copper ensures the energy is spread out to prevent RF burns.
In most Tesla Coils this would not be safe at all but this device is very low power so there is little risk of electric shock. The RF its self probably isn't too healthy though!
The TC part (Tesla Coil) uses the common single static spark gap and flat primary design for simplicity and size. The primary coil is closely wound around the base of the secondary with several layers of insulation tape preventing flashover.
The topload sphere is made from a metal draw handle which has been drilled to allow gas to be ejected from the end. A pipe from this sphere runs down the inside of the secondary and to the back of the handle where it can be connected to a gas supply.
Using noble gasses such as Argon or Neon will cause the output arcs to be forced along the flow of gas. This allows the plasma to be directed in a straight line from the tip of the plasma gun. It is also possible to use butane gas which makes this thing into some kind of flamethrower – plasma gun hybrid. The electricity is conducted along the flame from its tip. You can see photos of this effect on our plasma page.
Apart from making cool arcs of plasma, this device even transmits wireless electrical power. It can light bulbs and fluorescent lights just from being nearby.
The interference created by this wireless energy can cause all sorts of electronic devices to switch on and off or start behaving erratically. This is because the energy is causing tiny currents to be induced in the tracks and wires in the devices. If a simple circuit had a matching resonant frequency to that of the plasma gun, it would be possible to collect the wireless energy from a greater distance.
There are several improvements that could be made on this design which could result in a greater power throughput and therefore bigger arcs.
The spark gap is just a single gap which has been seal inside a plastic case for safety and size. This sort of switching will have poor performance due to quenching difficulties and oxide buildup. A solid state version would be better but it would likely be larger and considerably more expensive.
A larger topload would allow for larger breakouts, but it would also need more primary capacitance. The secondary coil is also rather long relative to its width. Ideally this would be shorter and wider.
In conclusion this was a fun project and we hope you find this information useful and interesting.
Jovian the lemur, seen here in a Facebook post from the Duke Lemur Center, has died. He was the star of the TV show Zoboomafoo. (Photo: Facebook/Duke Lemur Center)
Imagine a time before YouTube made millionaire grumpy cats and celebrity sloth sanctuaries, when cuteness overload Vines were merely a dream recorded in a Lisa Frank dolphin-emblazoned trapper keeper.
There was Zoboomafoo, and he was an instant classic.
Jovian, the Coquerel's sifaka lemur and star of the short-lived PBS wildlife show for kids, Zoboomafoo, died Monday of kidney failure at the Duke Lemur Center in Durham, N.C. He was 20½ years old.
Curious Jovian bounced, snacked and stared blankly at kids during the 65-episode run of Zoboomafoo, which produced new episodes for preschoolers on PBS from 1999 to 2001 under the helm of brothers Martin and Chris Kratt.
"He'd jump in through the window and we'd feed him mangoes or garbanzo beans. Sometimes he'd grab our noses with those soft sifaka hands," co-host Martin Kratt reminisced on Facebook.
For lucky animal-loving channel-flippers, the show is still occasionally available via syndication. For us '90s kids in mourning (or remembering how annoyed we were when it aired instead of a rerun of Arthur), well, that's what the Internet is for:
Goodbye sweet prince. I hope there's an endless snack machine in heaven for you 😭💔💔 #Zooboomafoopic.twitter.com/5w9NTlNLcj — kung fu alva (@CptAlva) November 12, 2014
Anyone wanna cry and dry their tears with pizza crust hit me up #Zooboomafoo#NeverForgetpic.twitter.com/Ep1Ihk6t3c — Debron James ❂ (@abracadebra94) November 12, 2014
90s kids should have a day off to mourn that lemur #Zooboomafoo — ali (@alinicolewebb) November 12, 2014
RIP #Zooboomafoo. You were the staple of my childhood and prob the reason I'm obsessed with animals to this day pic.twitter.com/v2HarDI10O — roasty toasty princess (@nsalinardo) November 12, 2014
God bless you, you crazy lemur. Rest in peace in the jungles of heaven. #Zooboomafoopic.twitter.com/8U3MYb5iOE — We Voted. Now We Organize. (@revrenddoctor) November 12, 2014
Follow @lindsdee on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qDNUb1
Fox News host Sean Hannity promised a “huge announcement” on his show Tuesday night about slain Democratic staffer Seth Rich, Russian collusion and his “future at Fox.”
Fox News retracted a story Tuesday that claimed Seth Rich's laptop contained email exchanges with WikiLeaks because the reporting relied on inconsistencies and untrustworthy sources.
That hasn't stopped Hannity from continuing to push the story on his radio show and on Twitter, leading some critics to call for his firing by the network.
IMPORTANT! Mediamatters is trying to silence me, get me fired, pressure my advertising on radio & TV. Liberal Fascism. I need your help!! — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017
Now, he claims to be making a “huge announcement” about Rich on his show again tonight.
Huge announcement tonight about Seth Rich, Trump/Russian Collusion corrupt media, the liberal effort to silence me. And my future at Fox! — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017
Furthermore, he says he will talk about his “future at Fox.”
Hannity made a similar promise to discuss speculation that he was leaving Fox on his show on May 1, but ended up not not discussing it on air, essentially trolling those who tuned in to the show.
Only time will tell if Hannity really does have something to say about his future with the network or if he's simply blowing smoke.
Follow Amber on Twitter
Green Bay Packers wide receiver Jordy Nelson has a torn ACL, the team confirmed, and will be out for the entire 2015-16 season. Nelson left Sunday's preseason game against the Pittsburgh Steelers with the injury. There was no contact with another player on the injury.
Nelson slipped on the turf at the same time Steelers corner Antwon Blake also slipped, and both went down. Nelson landed awkwardly on the left knee and limped off the field, where he was checked out by a trainer. After being looked at on the sideline, Nelson was taken to the locker room.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NFL NEWSLETTER Get all kinds of NFL stories, rumors, game coverage, and inane comments from the NFL media in your inbox every day. Email:
Nelson had already caught a pair of passes for 24 yards before going down with the injury on the team's opening drive. Green Bay wound up scoring on the drive with an Eddie Lacy touchdown and converted the two-point conversion to take an 8-0 lead.
Quarterback Aaron Rodgers can find success with any receiver, but Nelson is his top target, seeing more than 150 passes thrown his way last season. Nelson caught 98 of those passes for 1,519 yards and 13 touchdowns. If the initial reports are correct and Nelson has sustained a torn ACL, he'll miss the entirety of the regular season, which would be a huge hit to Green Bay's offense.
Fortunately, the Packers aren't devoid of talent at the position behind Nelson. While Nelson is definitely the top receiver on the team, Randall Cobb caught 91 of 126 passes thrown his way last season, putting up 1,287 yards and 12 touchdowns.
Behind Cobb, the Packers also have their third-leading receiver from a year ago in Davante Adams. He caught 38 passes for 446 yards and three touchdowns last season, while tight ends Andrew Quarless and Richard Rodgers combined for just over 500 yards and five touchdowns, and both remain on the team as well. Rookie receiver Ty Montgomery could also see increased playing time. The Packers returned the core of their passing offense this offseason, but it's potentially taking a big hit with the loss of Nelson.
* * *
SB Nation presents: Building a fantasy football champ starts with mock drafts
Over 100 people gathered on July 12 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the 1967 Newark Rebellion against racism. People convened at a small triangle on Springfield Avenue, close to Irvine Turner Boulevard, where a monument has been erected.
The rebellion started nearby when cab driver John Smith was arrested and brutalized by police. The late poet, playwright and activist Amiri Baraka — father of Newark mayor Ras Baraka — was viciously clubbed by police during the uprising. Twenty-four people were killed.
The People's Organization for Progress organized the rally. POP leader Larry Hamm spoke, as did Pam Africa from the International Concerned Family and Friends of Mumia Abu-Jamal. Hamm emphasized that the Newark uprising “was a rebellion, not a riot.”
Copies of the July 20, 1967, issue of Workers World newspaper were handed out. In that issue, the late Workers World Party Chairperson Sam Marcy declared that those gunned down by police “did not die in vain.” One woman bus driver stopped her bus to get a copy.
Despite the 90-degree heat, people marched to the 1st police precinct house on 17th Street, their ranks swelling to 150 people. Many organizations and individuals were represented, including the International League of Peoples' Struggle and Workers World Party.
(WW photo: Taryn Fivek)
(WW photo: Taryn Fivek)
HEAR that rain on the roof last week? That's nature telling us our politicians have been idiots. I'm talking about the politicians who let themselves be fooled into thinking it never would rain like this again.
I'm talking about politicians who listened to the likes of Tim Flannery, the 2007 Australian of the Year and then head of the Climate Commission.
From 2005 to 2008, Flannery, the global warming guru, made a string of outlandish claims like these:
“So even the rain that falls isn't actually going to fill our dams and our river systems ...
“In Adelaide, Sydney and Brisbane, water supplies are so low they need desalinated water urgently, possibly in as little as 18 months ...
“There is a fair chance Perth will be the 21st century's first ghost metropolis.”
Flannery wasn't alone, of course. Greens leader Bob Brown in 2006 warned of a “permanent drought”, thanks to global warming.
Melbourne Water mourned: “Unfortunately, we cannot rely on this kind of rainfall like we used to.”
The Bureau of Meteorology's head of climate analysis agreed, warning in 2007 that “climate change here is now running so rampant that ... almost every one of our cities is on the verge of running out of water”.
And politicians believed them.
In Queensland, Premier Peter Beattie decided to build a $1.2 billion desalination plant, saying “it is only prudent to assume at this stage that lower-than-usual rainfalls could eventuate”.
Labor politicians in every other mainland state built expensive desalination plants, too, rather than cheap dams.
Big mistake. Hear that rain?
The dams in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide we were told would be drained by global warming are instead at least 80 per cent full.
And in all of those cities, the desalination plants are mothballed or, in the case of Adelaide's $2.2 billion plant, about to be.
But you'll still pay.
New figures published in The Australian on Saturday show Victorian water users have so far paid more than $1 billion in charges for a plant that hasn't produced water since it opened in 2012.
Sydneysiders pay $200 million a year for a plant that hasn't produced water for two years.
The only effective plant is in Perth, which lacks natural dam sites — and rain.
Such colossal waste. Every drop on your roof should remind you of it.
“The typical Chicagoan will stop in their tracks, put a hand on their hips and say, ‘I am Chicago! I've lived on this corner for this many years. This is my neighborhood,' ” said Ms. Collins, who is directing the series.
Photo
Unlike the countless artists and photo-bloggers who have serialized moments of daily neighborhood life, “I Am Chicago” temporarily removes people from the context of their local haunts.
“We wanted to bring them out of the background of that corner,” Mr. Novak said. “We're shooting in such high-quality, raw format that you see all these signifiers to a person's lifestyle — shoes, fingernails, jewelry, hairstyle, the way they wear their clothes, the clothes they choose to wear, or the clothes handed to them when they leave Cook County Jail.”
Mr. Novak and Ms. Collins have taken thousands of portraits, nine of which were on display downtown during the Art Loop Open show in October. Though some subjects flex their muscles before the camera, or show off their bicycles and dogs, Mr. Novak discourages posing. Men and women smile into the camera, hands hanging at their sides.
Photo
Shanara Sanders, 32, stood, heels together, as Mr. Novak hunched over his camera.
In the 8-by-11-inch print, her red winter coat glows against the gray paper backdrop hanging from the truck's ceiling beams. She grins beneath a matching hat and scarf.
“This looks nothing like when I get my head-shots done,” Ms. Sanders, a performer, said afterward. “He just said ‘be', so I am.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Depending on how you count, Chicago has more than 70 neighborhoods, and the pair, Chicago natives and graduates of the Art Institute, would like to visit them all. They plan to turn the series into a book and exhibition, but a lack of financing, apart from a grant from the Richard H. Driehaus Foundation, has stalled their efforts.
On a Sunday in early November, Ms. Collins and Mr. Novak were taking photos in front of a church at West 95th Street and Eggleston Avenue. Congregation members spilled from the church when services ended, and Ms. Collins called out to some of them to line up around the truck.
Asked what their photos represented to them — The neighborhood? The congregation? The city? — a woman and her daughter were momentarily at a loss for words. Then the mother replied: “It shows who I am. That's me.”
Suggesting that you should stop messing around with that silly little blog and get marginally more serious if you ever hope to sell a TV show, the latest project from Conan O'Brien's Conaco Productions will be a comedy pilot based on Rick Marin's Kindle single, Keep Swinging. While writing the mini-memoir—which focuses on “the world's most sports-challenged dad” and his experiences coaching his son's youth-baseball team—the former Everybody Loves Raymond staffer opted to skip the traditional publishing route, taking his story straight to the people and giving your parents all the more reason to ask you when you're going to start writing that novel. “National Novel Writing Month just started,” they'll remind you. “Get all those great ideas out of your head and into a Kindle single, and who knows—in just a few months, maybe you'll end up with a TV deal like that nice guy who used to produce Men Of A Certain Age!” The A.V. Club will now gently remind our parents that we've published two Kindle singles, and they're just out there, waiting to get picked up as a television series—though, fair warning to producers in search of fresh new voices and supple creative minds: One of those singles is about a previously existing television series.
Advertisement
This article is over 1 year old
Military Twitter account features band members with rainbow flags above message: ‘We welcome Canadians of all gender identities'
Canada's military has welcomed recruits of all gender identities, hours after Donald Trump said he would ban transgender people from the US military.
A tweet from the Canadian armed forces' official Twitter account included a photo of military band members marching in a parade with rainbow flags fluttering from their instruments.
Canadian Forces (@CanadianForces) We welcome Cdns of all sexual orientations and gender identities. Join us! #DiversityIsOurStrength #ForcesJobs https://t.co/572KahN2Zh pic.twitter.com/9In7HR4Utj
Within an hour, it had been retweeted 2,500 times.
Trump's surprise announcement, in a series of Twitter posts on Wednesday, drew condemnation from rights groups and some lawmakers in both US political parties as discrimination with purely political motives. But it was praised by conservative activists and some Republicans.
The action, reversing Barack Obama's policy, halted years of efforts to eliminate barriers to military service based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
The Canadian military's social media response to Trump's move was reminiscent of a tweet by the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, in January after Trump issued a travel ban affecting people from Muslim-majority countries.
“To those fleeing persecution, terror and war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith. Diversity is our strength,” Trudeau tweeted at the time.
Many people with borderline personality disorder (BPD) will report that they spend a lot of time and energy suppressing emotions. If you have ever had an intense thought or feeling that you couldn't handle in the moment or felt overwhelmed by and tried to push away, you have experienced emotional suppression for yourself. Research shows that not only is it ineffective in eliminating thoughts and feelings, but it may even worsen the situation.
Suppressing Emotions
Emotional suppression is a type of emotion regulation strategy, strategies that we use to try to make uncomfortable thoughts and feelings more manageable. There are many different emotion regulation strategies and some are more helpful than others. For example, some people use meditation or mindfulness techniques to handle intense feelings, helping them relax and cope healthily. Others turn to alcohol or drugs to get rid of painful emotions. While this may work as an emotion regulation strategy in the short term, it definitely has negative long-term consequences.
Suppressing emotions, or just trying to push emotional thoughts and feelings out of your mind, is an emotion regulation strategy many people use. When used from time to time, it doesn't have dramatic negative consequences. However, particularly for those with BPD, there is reason to believe that if you try to push emotions away all the time, it can lead to serious issues later on.
The Consequences of Suppressing Emotions
Researchers have studied what happens when you try to push away thoughts and feelings for decades. A famous 1987 study on this topic involved one group of people who were instructed to push away thoughts of a white bear. The other group was allowed to think about anything, including thoughts about a white bear. The group who had suppressed thoughts of a white bear actually ended up having more white bear thoughts than the group that had been allowed to think freely.
This result is called the rebound effect of thought suppression. Essentially, if you try to push away a thought on some topic, you will end up having more thoughts about that topic. The same effect happens when you try to push away emotional thoughts.
What This Means for You
If you frequently try to push away thoughts and feelings, you may be making more trouble for yourself. In fact, it's possible that this is setting up a vicious cycle: You have a painful emotion. You try to push it away. This leads to more painful emotions, which you try to push away and so on.
Some researchers believe emotional suppression may be a reason that people with psychological conditions such as BPD, posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and​ obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) struggle with so many painful thoughts and emotions.
New Strategies for Emotion Regulation
The solution to suppressing emotions is to learn new, healthier ways to regulate your emotions. If you have lots of techniques to rely on, you're less likely to resort to pushing those thoughts away. For example, distracting yourself from an emotion by engaging in another activity may be a more effective way to regulate your emotions.
Britain published legislation Thursday to sever political, financial and legal ties with the European Union, an important step towards Brexit but one which the opposition said it would challenge.
The Repeal Bill is central to the government's plan to exit the EU in 2019, disentangling Britain from more than 40 years of EU lawmaking and repealing the treaty that first made Britain a member in 1972.
Its passage through parliament could make or break May's future as prime minister. The election she called last month cost her an outright parliamentary majority and reopened the debate on the nature of Britain's EU exit.
"It is one of the most significant pieces of legislation that has ever passed through parliament and is a major milestone in the process of our withdrawal from the European Union," Brexit minister David Davis said in a statement.
The government also fleshed out its negotiating stance with the EU, publishing three position papers which underlined that Britain would quit nuclear body Euratom and leave the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice.
Within May's Conservative Party, pro-Brexit lawmakers are fiercely defensive of her plan for a clean break with the EU. Pro-Europeans are looking to extract concessions that soften the divorce terms.
Rebellion by either side could derail the legislation and test May's ability to negotiate a compromise or find support from opposition parties. If she fails, her position could swiftly become untenable.
Long Brexit Road
The publication of the bill is the first step in a long legislative process, with no formal debate in parliament expected on Thursday. It will be closely examined to see how the government plans to carry out the difficult and time-consuming technical exercise of transposing EU law.
The bill set out powers for ministers, with the approval of parliament, to correct laws to ensure they work after being brought into British law. These powers will exist until two years after the day Britain leaves.
Lawmakers have expressed concern that the sheer volume of work could limit their ability to scrutinize the changes effectively and fear the government will introduce policy change by the back door.
The main opposition Labour Party has said it would oppose the bill unless it met six conditions, including guarantees for workers' rights. Tim Farron, leader of the Liberal Democrats, said he would work to soften May's stance, promising the prime minister that "this will be hell".
The bill will also face scrutiny from British companies, many of which have spent the year since Britons voted by 52 percent to 48 to leave the EU trying to figure out how the change will affect their business.
"A legislative transition of this scope has never before been undertaken," Adam Marshall, Director General of the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC), said in a statement.
"We will be keeping a watchful eye for the possibility of unintended consequences that lead to new burdens or compliance costs, whether particular firms, sectors or the economy as a whole."
Welcome to our website! Please follow us on our Facebook, Twitter and Instagram for daily news and analysis. Subscribe to BRRN Letter which features our top publishing content, updates and projects via email.
About Us
Black Rose Anarchist Federation / Federación Anarquista Rosa Negra (BRRN) is a political organization with locals in over a dozen cities sharing a common set of politics and creating a shared strategic vision of how to build “popular power” in workplaces, neighborhoods, schools and all sectors of society towards the goal of libertarian socialism. Our organizing work is centered on building mass movements such as tenant unions, neighborhood assemblies, workplace campaigns, student unions, prisoner organizing, and in defense of communities resisting criminalization and deportations.
If you are interested in learning more about our politics we recommend you start with our core organizational documents: our Mission Statement, Role of the Revolutionary Organization and Points of Unity.
Learn More
To learn more about anarchism, libertarian socialism, working class feminism or the radical left generally we recommend our Education page (coming soon). Here are some introductory materials to start with:
“A Year in Popular Power,” is a four YouTube part series featuring members of BRRN presenting on their organizing work within larger movements and building popular power.
When given a choice between cooperating or competing, chimpanzees choose to cooperate five times more frequently Yerkes National Primate Research Center researchers have found. This, the researchers say, challenges the perceptions humans are unique in our ability to cooperate and chimpanzees are overly competitive, and suggests the roots of human cooperation are shared with other primates. The study results are reported in this week's early online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
To determine if chimpanzees possess the same ability humans have to overcome competition, the researchers set up a cooperative task that closely mimicked chimpanzee natural conditions, for example, providing the 11 great apes that participated in this study with an open choice to select cooperation partners and giving them plenty of ways to compete. Working beside the chimpanzees' grassy outdoor enclosure at the Yerkes Research Center Field Station, the researchers gave the great apes thousands of opportunities to pull cooperatively at an apparatus filled with rewards. In half of the test sessions, two chimpanzees needed to participate to succeed, and in the other half, three chimpanzees were needed.
While the set up provided ample opportunities for competition, aggression and freeloading, the chimpanzees overwhelmingly performed cooperative acts -- 3,565 times across 94 hour-long test sessions.
The chimpanzees used a variety of enforcement strategies to overcome competition, displacement and freeloading, which the researchers measured by attempted thefts of rewards. These strategies included the chimpanzees directly protesting against others, refusing to work in the presence of a freeloader, which supports avoidance as an important component in managing competitive tendencies, and more dominant chimpanzees intervening to help others against freeloaders. Such third-party punishment occurred 14 times, primarily in response to aggression between the freeloader and the chimpanzee that was cooperatively working with others for the rewards.
"Previous statements in the literature describe human cooperation as a 'huge anomaly' and chimpanzees as preferring competition over collaboration," says Malini Suchak, PhD, lead author of the study. "Studies have also suggested researchers have to 'engineer cooperation' during experiments rather than acknowledging chimpanzees are naturally cooperative. When we considered chimpanzees' natural behaviors, we thought surely they must be able to manage competition on their own, so we gave them the freedom to employ their own enforcement strategies. And it turns out, they are really quite good at preventing competition and favoring cooperation. In fact, given the ratio of conflict to cooperation is quite similar in humans and chimpanzees, our study shows striking similarities across species and gives another insight into human evolution," she continues. Suchak was a graduate student at the Yerkes Research Center at the time of the study and is now an Assistant Professor of Animal Behavior, Ecology and Conservation at Canisius College in Buffalo, NY.
Frans de Waal, PhD, director of the Living Links Center at the Yerkes Research Center, a C. H. Candler Professor of Psychology at Emory University and one of the study authors, adds, "It has become a popular claim in the literature that human cooperation is unique. This is especially curious because the best ideas we have about the evolution of cooperation come straight from animal studies. The natural world is full of cooperation, from ants to killer whales. Our study is the first to show that our closest relatives know very well how to discourage competition and freeloading. Cooperation wins!"
Some things in life cannot be offset by a mere net gain in intelligence.
The last few years have seen the widespread recognition that sophisticated AI is under development. Bill Gates, Stephen Hawking, and others warn of the rise of “superintelligent” machines: AIs that outthink the smartest humans in every domain, including common sense reasoning and social skills. Superintelligence could destroy us, they caution. In contrast, Ray Kurzweil, a Google director of engineering, depicts a technological utopia bringing about the end of disease, poverty and resource scarcity.
Whether sophisticated AI turns out to be friend or foe, we must come to grips with the possibility that as we move further into the 21st century, the greatest intelligence on the planet may be silicon-based.
It is time to ask: could these vastly smarter beings have conscious experiences — could it feel a certain way to be them?
When we experience the warm hues of a sunrise, or hear the scream of an espresso machine, there is a felt quality to our mental lives. We are conscious.
A superintelligent AI could solve problems that even the brightest humans are unable to solve, but being made of a different substrate, would it have conscious experience? Could it feel the burning of curiosity, or the pangs of grief? Let us call this “the problem of AI consciousness.”
If silicon cannot be the basis for consciousness, then superintelligent machines — machines that may outmode us or even supplant us — may exhibit superior intelligence, but they will lack inner experience. Further, just as the breathtaking android in Ex Machina convinced Caleb that she was in love with him, so too, a clever AI may behave as if it is conscious.
In an extreme, horrifying case, humans upload their brains, or slowly replace the parts of their brains underlying consciousness with silicon chips, and in the end, only non-human animals remain to experience the world. This would be an unfathomable loss. Even the slightest chance that this could happen should give us reason to think carefully about AI consciousness.
The philosopher David Chalmers has posed “the hard problem of consciousness,” asking: why does all this information processing need to feel a certain way to us, from the inside? The problem of AI consciousness is not just Chalmers' hard problem applied to the case of AI, though. For the hard problem of consciousness assumes that we are conscious. After all, each of us can tell from introspection that we are now conscious. It asks: why we are we conscious? Why does all our information processing feel a certain way from the inside?
In contrast, the problem of AI consciousness asks whether AI, being silicon-based, is even capable of consciousness. It does not presuppose that AI is conscious — that is the question. These are different problems, but they are both problems that science alone cannot answer.
I used to view the problem of AI consciousness as having an easy solution. Cognitive science holds that the brain is an information-processing system and that all mental functions are computations. Given this, it would seem that AIs can be conscious, for AIs have the same kind of minds as we do: computational ones. Just as a text message and a voice message can convey the same information, so too, both brains and sophisticated AIs can be conscious.
I now suspect the issue is more complex, however. It is an open question whether consciousness simply goes hand-in-hand with sophisticated computation for two reasons.
First, a superintelligent AI may bypass consciousness altogether. In humans, consciousness is correlated with novel learning tasks that require concentration, and when a thought is under the spotlight of our attention, it is processed in a slow, sequential manner. Only a very small percentage of our mental processing is conscious at any given time. A superintelligence would surpass expert-level knowledge in every domain, with rapid-fire computations ranging over vast databases that could encompass the entire internet. It may not need the very mental faculties that are associated with conscious experience in humans. Consciousness could be outmoded.
Second, consciousness may be limited to carbon substrates only. Carbon molecules form stronger, more stable chemical bonds than silicon, which allows carbon to form an extraordinary number of compounds, and unlike silicon, carbon has the capacity to more easily form double bonds. This difference has important implications in the field of astrobiology, because it is for this reason that carbon, and not silicon, is said to be well-suited for the development of life throughout the universe.
If the chemical differences between carbon and silicon impact life itself, we should not rule out the possibility that these chemical differences also impact whether silicon gives rise to consciousness, even if they do not hinder silicon's ability to process information in a superior manner.
These two considerations suggest that we should regard the problem of AI consciousness as an open question. Of course, from an ethical standpoint, it is best to assume that a sophisticated AI may be conscious. For any mistake could wrongly influence the debate over whether they might be worthy of special ethical consideration as sentient beings. As the films Ex Machina and I, Robot illustrate, any failure to be charitable to AI may come back to haunt us, as they may treat us as we treated them.
Indeed, future AIs, should they ever wax philosophical, may pose a “problem of carbon-based consciousness” about us, asking if biological, carbon-based beings have the right substrate for experience. After all, how could AI ever be certain that we are conscious?
By , 22
PORTLAND, Ore.  U.S. Navy researchers claimed to have experimentally confirmed cold fusion in a presentation at the American Chemical Society's annual meeting.
"We have compelling evidence that fusion reactions are occurring" at room temperature, said Pamela Mosier-Boss, a scientist with the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center (San Diego). The results are "the first scientific report of highly energetic neutrons from low-energy nuclear reactions," she added.
Cold fusion was first reported in 1989 by researchers Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons, then with the University of Utah, prompting a global effort to develop the technology. Normal fusion reactions, where hydrogen is fused into helium, occur at millions of degrees inside the Sun. If room temperature fusion reactions could be realized commercially, as Fleishchmann and Pons claimed to have achieved inside an electrolytic cell, it promised to produce abundant nuclear energy from deuterium--heavy hydrogen--extracted from seawater.
Other scientists were unable to duplicate the 1989 results, thereby discrediting the work.
The theoretical underpinnings of cold fusion have yet to be adequately explained. The hypothesis is that when electrolysis is performed on deuteron, molecules are fused into helium, releasing a high-energy neutron. While excess heat has been detected by researchers, no group had yet been able to detect the missing neutrons.
Now, the Naval researchers claim that the problem was instrumentation, which was not up to the task of detecting such small numbers of neutrons. To sense such small quantities, Mosier-Boss used a special plastic detector called CR-39. Using co-deposition with nickel and gold wire electrodes, which were inserted into a mixture of palladium chloride and deutrium, the detector was able to capture and track the high-energy neutrons.
Silvered Dewar calorimeter used by Navy researchers to detect neutron emissions from a cold fusion process.
The plastic detector captured a pattern of tiny clusters of adjacent pits, called triple tracks, which the researchers claim is evidence of the telltale neutrons.
Other presenters at the conference also presented evidence supporting cold fusion, including Antonella De Ninno, a scientist with New Technologies Energy and Environment (Rome), who reported both excess heat and helium gas.
"We now have very convincing experimental evidence," De Ninno claimed.
Tadahiko Mizuno of Japan's Hokkaido University also reported excess heat generation and gamma-ray emissions.
All three research groups are currently exploring both experimental and theoretical studies in hopes of better understanding the cold fusion process well enough to commercialize it.
Research funding was provided by the Department of the Navy and JWK International Corp. (Annandale, Va.).
The TV presenter had her two children Darcey and Billy at the age of 38 and 42, but knows it is "too late" now to have a third child.
"I do look back now and realise that leaving pregnancy late can be a risky bet as diminishing fertility can stack the odds against you. In some ways I wish I'd had my babies younger. Now I would love a third child but I've almost certainly left it too late. My fertility door is slamming shut," she said. "I want to alert women to start thinking about their fertility at a younger age than my generation did."
Ms Garraway, 46, is fronting a campaign to encourage young women to think about fertility and giving birth much younger than "her generation". As part of the campaign, Ms Garraway spent a day being transformed into a heavily pregnant 70 year-old by Adrian Rigby, a prosthetic make-up artist, to "shock and provoke debate about how old is too old to have a baby".
The UK delays having babies for longer than any other country, according to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development. British women tend to wait an extra five years to have their first child compared with those in the United States, where the average age is 25, the OECD said.
A survey by First Response Early Result Pregnancy, which has launched the campaign on fertility, found two fifths of women of child-bearing age (18 to 46) would delay having a baby to sort their finances out, and a third blame the lack of the right partner.
Over a third say the cost of childcare puts them off having a baby or another child.
The survey also reveals that seven in 10 women think having a baby in her 40s is too old.
The findings come as scientists announce a new "fertility breakthrough" that could see women undergoing IVF become three times more likely to have a baby.
The advance – based on a "time-lapse imaging" technique, means that couples undergoing treatment could have a 78 per cent chance of success, compared with average “live birth” IVF rates of around 25 per cent in Britain, they say.
Older women who have ruled out IVF because most eggs are likely to carry abnormalities after the age of 40 could benefit from the technique.
Separately, Scottish women over 40 are to get IVF treatment on the NHS, for the first time this summer, it emerged this week.
Zita West, pregnancy adviser to A-listers including Kate Winslett and Cate Blanchett, who is also backing the campaign, said: "Women need support at all ages before they conceive. Forget those myths and old wives tales, we are going to be telling it how it is when it comes to fertility. You prepare your body for a marathon so it makes sense to prepare your body for having a baby. This campaign is long overdue."
Rebekah Brooks messaged PM 'I am so rooting for you' and 'we're definitely in this together!', Leveson inquiry hears
David Cameron came under intense pressure at the Leveson inquiry as he struggled to handle questions about his close friendship with Rebekah Brooks and how often he sought assurances from Andy Coulson about his knowledge of phone hacking.
The prime minister had difficulty remembering at the inquiry on Thursday how often he had met Brooks in Oxfordshire in the years leading up to the 2010 general election and was forced to discuss the meaning of a fawning "we're definitely in this together!" text sent to him by the then News International chief executive in October 2009.
When asked by Robert Jay QC, counsel to the inquiry, if he saw Brooks, also a former Sun and News of the World editor, "every weekend", Cameron found it difficult to give a precise answer. In the most halting period of his morning's testimony, the prime minister said: "I might be able to go back and check, but I don't think every weekend. I don't think most weekends. But it would depend."
Clearly concerned about the vagueness of his answer, immediately after lunch when the inquiry resumed, the prime minister said that he had talked to his wife, Samantha, who had checked his personal diaries for 2008 and 2009. Cameron said that because he was not in his constituency every weekend, he saw Brooks "every six weeks" during this period.
Brooks's revealing text, written the day before Cameron was due to address the Conservative conference, said: "I am so rooting for you tomorrow not just as proud friend but because professionally we're definitely in this together!" Sent a week after the Sun had come out in support of the party, Brooks went on to encourage the Tory leader by saying: "Speech of your life? Yes he Cam!"
The prime minister said the common cause identified in the text referred to the fact his party and Brooks's newspapers had the same agenda. "I think what it means is that we were, as she put it, we were friends, but professionally we as leader of the Conservative party and her in newspapers, we were going to be pushing the same political agenda."
Brooks's text began by sympathising with the prime minister over an unspecified "issue with the Times" – most likely a hostile article – and suggested that she could placate him over "country supper soon".
Jay asked if the country supper reference was "the sort of interaction you often had with her?" Curtly, the prime minister replied: "Yes, we were neighbours."
Cameron acknowledged that he was close to Brooks when she was editor of the Sun, until mid-2009, and subsequently chief executive of News International.
She had married Cameron's fellow Old Etonian Charlie Brooks in 2009 and lived a few miles from his constituency home in Oxfordshire. In her own evidence before Lord Justice Leveson last month, Brooks said she had texted him at least once a week – evidence that Cameron confirmed was accurate.
Cameron also defended handing the culture secretary, Jeremy Hunt, the task of overseeing News Corporation's controversial bid for BSkyB, saying it was "not some rushed, botched political decision".
He said he had been presented "with a situation I didn't want" after the business secretary, Vince Cable, was stripped of responsibility for the £8bn bid on 21 December 2010. Cable was recorded by undercover Daily Telegraph reporters saying he had declared war on Rupert Murdoch.
Cameron said it was suggested by Sir Jeremy Heywood, the permanent secretary at No 10 at the time, that the decision be transferred to Hunt. He added it that this was endorsed by the then cabinet secretary, Gus O'Donnell, and backed by legal advice.
"So I accept there is controversy, but I think the backing of, as it were, two permanent secretaries and a lawyer is quite a strong state of affairs," said Cameron.
The prime minister added that he was aware of what the culture secretary had said in public about the BSkyB bid, but did not recall a private memo sent to him by Hunt on 19 November 2010 in which he further outlined his support for the bid.
"It wasn't received on my email system," Cameron said. "The issue here is I don't particularly remember this note, and crucially, I didn't recall its existence on the day of 21 December when we were making this decision [to put Hunt in charge of the bid]."
Cameron said the decision had to be made "relatively rapidly", partly because of the pressures of the 24-hour news environment.
But he denied a suggestion by Robert Jay QC, lead counsel to the Leveson inquiry, that the decision had to be made "on the hoof" because Treasury solicitor Paul Jenkins was on holiday at the time and had to give advice over the phone.
"It was not some rushed, botched political decision," said Cameron. "If anyone had told me that Jeremy Hunt couldn't do the job, I wouldn't have given him the job."
The prime minister added that he had "no inappropriate conversations" about the bid with anyone from News Corporation, but did discuss it briefly with James Murdoch at a social event on 23 December 2010, also attended by Rebekah and Charlie Brooks.
"While I cannot remember the exact words I believe I said what Vince Cable had said about News Corporation was wrong and I am sure that I would have said that while I recused myself from the decision it would now be dealt with impartially, properly and in the correct way," Cameron said.
Jay suggested that following the Milly Dowler phone-hacking revelations in July 2011, Cameron was very keen "for political reasons ... to derail the BSkyB bid".
"I wouldn't quite put it like that," replied the prime minister. "The point was, with all that was emerging in terms of the dreadful news about the hacking of Milly Dowler's phone, that the public was rightly very angry about what had happened.
"While there was, quite rightly, a quasi-judicial procedure taking place, there was a broader issue of the views of the House of Commons, the views of the country, and the need to reflect those. And this obviously was difficult."
The prime minister was repeatedly asked about what assurances he had sought from Coulson about his knowledge of phone hacking, giving evidence that apparently contradicted what his former director of communications had told the inquiry. Coulson had told Leveson that he was only asked to give assurances about his knowledge of phone hacking at the News of the World at the time he was hired by Cameron in 2007.
But Cameron said he sought further assurances from Coulson in private shortly after the Guardian published its first investigation into phone hacking in July 2009, which triggered a select committee inquiry before which the prime minister's adviser was due to appear.
Cameron told the inquiry that "I had a conversation with him", to the effect of "when you make this appearance [before the committee], presumably you will give the undertakings again that you gave to me? That was the nature of the conversation, as I recall it."
The prime minister struggled to remember when he had sought assurances from Coulson around the time of his initial hiring in May 2007. Although Coulson said there was a face-to-face meeting and a phone call in which his appointment was decided, the prime minister said he thought the order of events was the opposite.
"I raised the issue of phone hacking and sought the assurance in the face-to-face meeting we had in my office" in March 2007, Cameron said, adding he was satisfied with the answers he received.
"I accepted these undertakings but so did many other people and organisations who did a considerable amount to try and get to the bottom of this issue."
Repeating remarks made last year, he added: "I've been lied to, so has the CPS [Crown Prosecution Service], the police, the DCMS [Department for Culture, Media and Sport] committee and all the rest of it."
When asked if he regretted hiring Coulson, Cameron observed: "You don't make decisions with 20/20 hindsight." He said he would be held accountable for employing the former News of the World editor, who faces perjury charges in Scotland and remains on bail in relation to allegations of phone hacking and illegal payments to public officials.
"I don't try and run away from it, I just try and explain," Cameron said.
Referring to the family of the murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler, whose phone was hacked, Cameron said: "We're here because of the truly dreadful things that happened, not to politicians but to ordinary members of the public whose lives had been turned upside down when they've already suffered through losing their children. Their lives were turned upside down in a totally unacceptable way."
Cameron said it was a "cathartic moment" in terms of the relationships between the press, politicians and police, "which haven't been right, we have a chance to reset them and that is what we must do".
Samuel Augustus Maverick (July 23, 1803 – September 2, 1870) was a Texas lawyer, politician, land baron and signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence. His name is the source of the term "maverick," first cited in 1867, which means "independently minded." Various accounts of the origins of the term held that Maverick came to be considered independently minded by his fellow ranchers because he refused to brand his cattle,[1] though it might have instead reflected a lack of interest in ranching.[1] Unbranded cattle which were not part of the herd came to be labeled "mavericks". He was the grandfather of Texas politician Maury Maverick, who coined the term gobbledygook (1944). For the 17th-century English colonist in Massachusetts, see Samuel Maverick (colonist) (1602–1670). Contents
Early years Edit
Texas Revolution Edit
Marriage and return to Texas Edit
Shortly after returning to Alabama, Maverick met eighteen-year-old Mary Ann Adams, whom he married within three months.[39] At the beginning of 1837, he sold his Alabama plantation and with his wife moved to New Orleans, both to receive faster news from Texas and to supervise the agent who was conducting mercantile activities on his behalf.[40] In March, Maverick brought his wife to South Carolina to meet his father. The elder Maverick offered to give the newlyweds his plantation, but Maverick refused as he wished to return to Texas. While they were in South Carolina, Mary Maverick gave birth to a boy, Samuel Maverick, Jr..[41] In October 1837, the new family and seven slaves left South Carolina. After a brief stop in Tuscaloosa, they traveled overland to the Republic of Texas, accompanied by their slaves, Mary's brother Robert, and his three slaves. The party reached Texas near New Year's Day 1838.[42] On February 4, they reached the home of George Sutherland in Jackson County,[43] and the bulk of the traveling party remained as boarders there for the next four months.[44] Maverick continued to San Antonio and began buying headright certificates using the money he received from the sale of his lands in Alabama.[45] He received his own headright on March 2 after four citizens testified that Maverick had participated in the Texas Revolution.[46] Maverick's family joined him in San Antonio on June 15, 1838, where they rented rooms in the same home as Mary's brother William.[47] They purchased their own home along the San Antonio River in early 1839, where their son Lewis Antonio Maverick was born in March 1839.[48] By the end of 1839, Maverick had purchased 41 lots.[49] He assumed that there would be an influx of settlers eager to buy the land, but emigration slowed after 1838.[50] Maverick received his Texas law license in November 1838 and began arguing cases in district court. In January 1839 he was elected the mayor of San Antonio.[51] During his one-year term, he also acted as city treasurer and served as a precinct justice of the peace.[52] For the next several years, Maverick spent a great deal of time away from home, either surveying frontier lands or traveling to New Orleans on business. He narrowly escaped death while on a surveying trip in late 1839. Because he had promised his wife that he would be home on a specific day, Maverick left the surveying camp early. Later that day, Comanches raided the camp and killed all but one person, who was scalped.[53] Comanche raids were frequent in the San Antonio area, and Maverick joined the militia. When an attack was noticed, the church bell would ring, and Maverick and his fellow militia members would have to be ready to leave within 15 minutes. They would chase the raiders with the hopes of recovering captives and any stolen goods.[54] Maverick participated in the Council House Fight on March 19, 1840, as the citizens of San Antonio attempted to capture or kill a band of Indians who had reneged on previous agreements to return captives.[55] Two days after the fight, Maverick left for New Orleans, leaving his family under the protection of his wife's two brothers.[56] During his trip, he collected money from rents on various properties and sold more of his lands in Alabama and South Carolina.[57] He used the money to buy two years of provisions, which he shipped to Linnville. Before he could escort the goods to San Antonio, a band of Indians led by Buffalo Hump raided Linnville and destroyed all of the supplies.[58] In December 1840, his wife's uncle, John Bradley, moved to Texas with his wife and their young children and settled near the Mavericks. By the end of the year, Maverick owned full title to 4,605 acres (18.64 km2), with 12,942 acres (52.37 km2) under survey. The following year, Maverick became the treasurer of the city council.[59]
Imprisonment Edit
In February 1842, word came that Santa Anna was again sending troops into Texas, which Mexico still regarded as a rebellious province. The Mavericks joined a group of Anglo Texans fleeing San Antonio, an event later known as the Runaway of '42. After a brief stop in Seguin, they moved on to Gonzales, and squatted in a house left empty when the owners had fled in the Runaway.[60] Maverick and the other men in the party joined Texan army troops to retake San Antonio, but the Vásquez Expedition retreated without a fight, although they caused extensive damage to the homes of the Texas citizens.[61] Maverick moved his family to LaGrange after several Indian scares in Gonzales, and on April 30 he left for Alabama to retrieve his wife's younger sister, who had been living alone since her mother died the year before.[61] Maverick returned to Texas in July,[62] and the following month he again left his family, this time to go to San Antonio to argue a case before the district court. In early September, San Antonio was surrounded by Mexican troops led by General Adrian Woll. The approximately 60 Anglo-Texans in town gathered in Maverick's home, but were soon forced to surrender to the army.[63] On September 15, the Anglos were forced to march towards Mexico with a guard of 150 Mexican soldiers. Two bands of Texans tried to rescue them; neither succeeded, and the second, which included Mary's uncle John Bradley, was also captured and joined Maverick's group in their march.[64] For three months the group marched, finally stopping at San Carlos Fortress in Perote, Veracruz. Although the journey was difficult and the men were often forced to sleep in manure-filled sheep pens, in his journal Maverick wrote that he "'saw and experienced a thousand new thrills.'"[65] On the fifth day after their arrival at the fortress, the men were chained together in pairs. Several days later they were put to hard labor. On behalf of the men, Maverick complained about the almost non-existent food rations and was rewarded with solitary confinement on January 5, 1843.[66] Despite his imprisonment and the fact that his family now lived in Fayette County, Maverick was elected by the people of San Antonio to represent them in the Seventh Texas Congress. He was unable to attend the legislative session.[67] Maverick was offered his freedom several times, on the condition that he publicly support Mexico's claim to Texas. Maverick responded, "'I cannot persuade myself that such an annexation, on any terms, would be advantageous to Texas, and I therefore cannot say so, for I regard a lie as a crime, and one which I cannot commit even to secure my release.'"[68] The Mexican government finally released him on March 30, the same day his wife gave birth to a daughter, whom she named Augusta. On May 4 Maverick returned home, bringing with him the chain with which he had been bound.[69]
Texas Congress Edit
By June, Maverick had returned to San Antonio on court and land business.[70] He was reelected to the Texas House of Representatives, gaining 202 votes, the highest total of the 3 candidates. As part of the 8th Texas Congress, Maverick and his colleagues met at Washington-on-the-Brazos rather than at the state capital, Austin, which was vulnerable to Indian and Mexican raids.[71] In his time in office, Maverick helped pass a bill, over President Sam Houston's veto, which repealed Houston's ability to grant colonization contracts. Maverick added a clause specifying that previously granted contracts would be forfeited if their terms were not met in the future.[72] As chair of the Enrolled Bills Committee, he helped certify which bills were correctly submitted to the President. He was also a member of the Finance, Public Lands and Indian Affairs committees, as well as the committee on Foreign Relations, which castigated Houston for not providing information to the Congress on his annexation negotiations with the United States.[73]
Land baron Edit
Mary Maverick and their children were often ill, and in November 1844 the family sold their land along the Colorado River and moved to Decrow's Point, across from Port Cavallo on Matagorda Bay. They lived there for three years,[74] where the new climate helped them to stay healthier.[75] In 1844, the tax rolls showed that Maverick owned 35,299 acres (142.85 km2) by title in Bexar County and Bexar Territory, with an additional 20,077 by survey, as well as 21 town lots. The following year he also purchased 11,000 acres (45 km2) for his father, intended to be an inheritance for Maverick's children and nieces and nephews.[75] Since 1840, Maverick had tripled his land holdings. As he was bringing the land documents home in June 1845, the boat he was in capsized. Maverick barely survived drowning and lost all of his papers.[76]
Later years Edit
Cattle branding Edit
Maverick steadfastly refused to brand his cattle. As a result, the word maverick entered the English lexicon, meaning both an unbranded range animal and a slang term for someone who exhibits a streak of stubborn independence.[79] Maverick's stated reason for not branding his cattle was that he didn't want to inflict pain on them.[79] Other ranchers suspected his true motivation was that it allowed him to collect any unbranded cattle and claim them as his own.[79] Mary Maverick appended to her memoirs certain of her husband's correspondence and an extract of a letter from George Madison Maverick, her son and collaborator, to the St. Louis Republic, apparently in response to an appeal to persons having sure information about the matter to convey their accounts to the editor. George M. Maverick recounted that in 1845, Mr. Maverick acquired some 400 head of cattle that he, whose interest was in real estate, did not want in payment of a debt to him by a neighbor of $1,200, leaving the cattle to be managed by an African American family. The cattle were subsequently moved from the Gulf coast to the Conquista Ranch on the San Antonio River, still under the management of the same family, and left to multiply, graze, and wander away. The wanderings were such that in 1856, the herd could be estimated as numbering the same 400. Others in the area, though being aware that the unbranded estrayed cattle were likely Maverick's, followed the range convention of the time and burned their own brands into the "mavericks," as they had come to refer to the unmarked cattle. Mr. Maverick had little interest in the cattle, and Mrs. Maverick's appendix contains a number of letters advising him of the state of his herd. A Mr. Leo J. Toutant followed up on his own father's earlier offer to purchase Maverick's herd, and in 1856 did so himself. The correspondence relating to the sale appears in the appendix.[citation needed][attribution needed]
See also Edit
Notes Edit
References Edit
Many of us use them several times a day without really noticing. And yet the way we behave in lifts, or elevators as they are known in the US, reveals a hidden anxiety.
"Most of us sort of shut down.
"We walk in. We press the button. We stand perfectly still."
Taking the lift could be the least memorable part of your journey to work, but Dr Lee Gray of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte has made it his business to scrutinise this overlooked form of public transportation. People refer to him as "the Elevator Guy".
"The lift becomes this interesting social space where etiquette is sort of odd," he explains. "They are socially very interesting but often very awkward places."
Elevator etiquette Passengers seem to know instinctively how to arrange themselves in an elevator... like the dots on a die. With each additional passenger, the bodies shift, slotting into the open spaces. The goal, of course, is to maintain (but not too conspicuously) maximum distance and to counteract unwanted intimacies - a code familiar (to half the population) from the urinal bank and (to them and all the rest) from the subway. The New Yorker: Up and then down Read the full article
Conversations that have been struck up in the lobby tend to be extinguished quite quickly in the thick atmosphere of the office elevator. We walk in and usually turn around to face the door.
If someone else comes in, we may have to move. And here, it has been observed that lift-travellers unthinkingly go through a set pattern of movements, as predetermined as a square dance.
On your own, you can do whatever you want - it's your own little box.
If there are two of you, you take different corners. Standing diagonally across from each other creates the greatest distance.
When a third person enters, you will unconsciously form a triangle (breaking the analogy that some have made with dots on a die). And when there is a fourth person it's a square, with someone in every corner. A fifth person is probably going to have to stand in the middle.
Now we are in uncharted territory. New entrants to the lift will need to size up the situation when the doors slide open and then act decisively. Once in, for most people the protocol is simple - look down, or examine your phone.
'Get me out!' Nick White was trapped in a lift in his office building for 41 hours. I got into the elevator and pressed 43. There was a momentary dimming of the lights and a little bouncing of the elevator. I waited for a bit, then hit the alarm button. There was just dead silence. At first I just kept pushing different sequences of buttons. I was yelling up and down the shaft. I slapped the walls. I did get mad, I did curse, I did shout at the camera. At some point, I opened the door about two inches and looked down the shaft at an infinite blackness. When I had to urinate I relieved myself down the shaft, with the idea that perhaps that could be a signal to someone. At one point I was wondering if this was going to become my tomb - if they were going to open the doors and there's my corpse. Eventually a voice came over the intercom and said "Is there someone in there?" I jumped up and I said "Yes, there's effing someone in here. Get me out!"
Why are we so awkward in lifts?
"You don't have enough space," says Professor Babette Renneberg, a clinical psychologist at the Free University of Berlin.
"Usually when we meet other people we have about an arm's length of distance between us. And that's not possible in most elevators, so it's a very unusual setting. It's unnatural."
In such a small, enclosed space it becomes vital, she says, to act in a way that cannot be construed as threatening, odd or in any way ambiguous. The easiest way to do this is to avoid eye-contact.
But perhaps there is more to it than just social awkwardness.
"In the back of our minds we are a little anxious," says Nick White, an office worker in New York who was unfortunate enough to be trapped in a lift for 41 hours.
"We don't like to be locked into a place. We want to get out of the elevator as soon as possible, because, you know, it's a creepy place to be."
During his ordeal, he began to think of another enclosed space that lurks at the back of our minds - a tomb.
It would be understandable if White refused ever to step in a lift again. But if you work in a city built on a vertical plane, and if you have aspirations above being a receptionist, that isn't an option.
"I certainly remember what happened to me every time I go in one," he admits. "It's part of the commute, the part you have the least control over."
Elevator Guy Lee Gray agrees that a sense of disempowerment is the main cause of lift anxiety.
"You're in a machine that's moving, over which you have no control. You cannot see the elevator engine, you don't know how it's working," he says.
Riding high - a history of lifts • 1st Century BC: The Romans operate lifts using pulleys with human, animal and water power • 1800: Steam-driven lifts are in use in English factories. An expert operator controls each car by manipulating a rope that passes through it • 1853: Elisha Graves Otis unveils a safety device to prevent freefall, paving the way for passenger lifts • Late 1800s: Stately "movable rooms" begin to appear in hotels and department stores - they feature cushioned benches and chandeliers • 1950s: Safety systems that automatically close both sets of doors eliminate the need for operators • Future lifts may employ magnetic levitation technology - a design has also been trialled for a lift to move vertically and then horizontally to navigate larger skyscrapers
This sense of passivity in the hands of a machine may become more pronounced as we enter the age of buttonless "smart" elevators.
After swiping through security or touching a central control panel, travellers are directed to a lift that has been programmed to stop at their floor, removing the need for any further commands. The system is designed to cut down on unnecessary stops, but although more efficient, some people find the experience unnerving.
Regardless of the qualms and anxieties associated with lifts, Gray is adamant that they are safer than cars - and significantly safer than escalators.
"It is in in fact of one of the safest forms of transportation, if you look at the billions of miles that lifts travel every year and the very, very small number of accidents."
We all know this, which is why we continue to take lifts every day, despite our anxieties.
"We have learned that we can take an elevator and it is safe to do so," says Renneberg. "So in a way it's a triumph of rationalism over our more animalistic instincts."
This pleasing thought - that we become more sophisticated by travelling in lifts - is perhaps one to ponder next time you get in one.
Just don't, whatever you do, start a conversation about it.
The Why Factor is broadcast on BBC World Service on Fridays at 18:30 GMT. Listen to the elevators episode via iPlayer or The Why Factor download.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The American Family Association has claimed that by pledging not to discriminate against their customers, Mississippi businesses are ‘bullying' Christians.
The campaign was born after the state's Governor, Phil Bryant, signed a ‘religious freedom' law, protecting businesses who discriminate against gay customers.
The bill prevents authorities from placing a “burden on a person's right to the exercise of religion”.
Equality Mississippi says in two weeks it has distributed over 500 of the stickers, which state: “We don't discriminate – If you're buying, we're selling!”
AFA spokesman Buddy Smith said: “If you do that, you are agreeing with these businesses that Christians no longer have the freedom to live out the dictates of their Christian faith and conscience.
“It's not really a buying campaign, but it's a bully campaign, and it's being carried out by radical homosexual activists who intend to trample the freedom of Christians to live according to the dictates of scripture.
“They don't want to hear that homosexuality is sinful behaviour – and they wish to silence Christians and the church who dare to believe this truth.
Benson Hill, president of the Equality Mississippi Foundation, said at their launch: “Through this program, customers will know which companies are dedicated to providing their goods and services to all, without discrimination of any kind.”
The new law is due to take effect on 1 July.
The Spanish police raided the Madrid subsidiary of one of China's largest banks on Wednesday and arrested five of its directors as part of a broad investigation into money laundering.
The Madrid branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China is accused of helping several Chinese and Spanish criminal syndicates commit financial fraud, according to Europol, the police agency of the European Union, which helped the Spanish police in its investigation.
The investigation, code-named Operation Shadow, builds off a case last year by the Spanish police that claimed that a group had laundered 40 million euros of earnings from discount stores operated by Chinese businessmen across Spain. The group was also accused of importing goods from China without declaring them to Spanish customs authorities, avoiding the payment of import and tax duties. Thirty people were arrested in that case.
After last year's operation, the Spanish police said they followed “the money trail” and found that the syndicate had deposited its earnings at the Spanish subsidiary of ICBC. The bank then sent it to China “without checking their origin as required by law,” according to Europol.
by WorldTribune Staff, February 28, 2017
An Arizona rancher said that Mexican drug cartels operate with impunity along the Arizona-Mexico border.
“The Sinaloa cartel has cartel scouts on our mountains and they essentially control the area,” rancher Jim Chilton told KPNX 12News.
Chilton has set up hidden motion-sensor-activated cameras that he says have captured hundreds of smugglers crossing the border, often geared up with high tech equipment including military grade satellite phones, radios and binoculars.
“We've seen cartel guys with AK-47s and 20 guys packing drugs behind them. It can be pretty scary,” said Chilton.
“We have had MS13 (Mara Salvatrucha 13) standing in our front yard, with all the teardrops and stuff. It's pretty scary and with my wife at home by herself its worrisome,” the rancher said. “I've had as many as 17 drug packers standing in my front yard. I looked out the peephole, took my rifle, stepped out like this, ‘agua…agua.' I go over, turn the hose on, everybody gets a drink of water and I say, ‘adios' and they go on.”
Five and a half miles of Chilton's 50,000 acres border Mexico.
Chilton said the fence that borders his property is made only of barbwire and steel posts. It's the only thing that separates the U.S. and Mexico for about 25 miles.
“This whole area, on my ranch and my neighbor's ranch, ceded to the Sinaloa cartel,” Chilton said. “Any young, 19, 20-year-old throws his pack of drugs over the fence, crawls under or over and walks into the United States. There's no Border Patrol.”
Chilton said he voted for President Donald Trump because of his border wall plan.
“If good people could understand the issues and the implications, they would come to the conclusions that we need to secure the border and have forward operation bases near the border,” he said.
Share This Post! Want to help out the Free Press in America? If you enjoyed this article we'd really appreciate a quick share. Every share makes a big difference and helps us focus on what we do the best: The news! Thanks from World Tribune Editors and Correspondents!
Related
FACEBOOK Comments
Login To Your FaceBook to Make Comments
Growing up in the waning days of the Carter administration, I remember a societal malaise that was pervasive to the point of toxicity. A common sentiment then was that our best days were behind us.
How did we get there? Most fundamentally, a paralyzing period of stagflation meant double-digit interest rates and no economic growth.
However, it was also fed by an energy crisis; the first signs of Islamic fundamentalism's assent; and a lengthy political hangover that followed a scandal in the White House.
But as they say, it's darkest before the dawn, and in a flash, the malaise was gone.
To be sure, the next 30 years brought with it booms, bubbles and bursts, but the general sense, and one's expectation, was for a better tomorrow.
Today, however, I'd argue that our present no longer sits at such a simple, logical place where tomorrow is necessarily better than today.
Simply put, our society is undergoing a “great reset” where for many the future is a very scary place.
Understanding The Great Reset
Systemically speaking, these are confusing times. The recession is technically over, and you can tangibly see that fact from an economic growth perspective.
Yet, two-and-a-half years later, one has to ask, “Where are the jobs, and equally worrying, where are the drivers of job growth?”
Now I don't have to tell you that a jobless recovery is an unacceptable indicator of systemic success when you consider the sheer size of the unemployed, not to mention, the under-employed.
Similarly, is there any question that a certain chunk of society is getting dis-proportionally squeezed by the system on numerous fronts?
Case in point, over the past couple of years I have heard a troubling number of stories from people that I know well. More often than not, these are highly educated, historically successful people that have gone from flush to crushed, simply because their geographic region or industry has lost its footing, or because they've hit a certain age where they are no longer desired as a named employee.
1099 is the new W-2
The uncomfortable truth, in fact, is that everyone is now an entrepreneur, whether they like it or not. 1099 is the new W-2, which says something when you see how even basic services like insurance become exponentially more expensive when written as an individual policy vs. a company policy.
What type of hit does that represent to our national health, both metaphorically speaking and literally, in the pocketbook?
Homeless children: do we really care?
Along these lines, I was drawn to tears watching a recent CBS “60 Minutes” report about the growing ranks of homeless children, and what that life is like for all parties involved.
It is gripping stuff in that it raises tough questions about what kind of society we want to build, and how much we feel pain when others needlessly suffer.
This all seems so abstract until you ponder its effect in broader terms. Case in point, in the book “Outliers” Malcolm Gladwell brilliantly shows how those coming of age during the depression never fully recovered; yet those coming of age in the boom times of a Post-WWII America flourished, making this a generational imperative.
Tough questions, weak answers
This is the Great Reset, and an entire generation's outlook for a better tomorrow lies in the balance with it.
Remember the audacity of hope? It's been replaced with cynical, political pragmatism where big corporations necessarily get stronger on the premise that trickle down and laissez-faire are universal absolute truths.
Equally troubling, there's a sense of there being a protected class — seen in many forms across taxation, lobbying, generally accepted conflicts of interest, and low-touch regulation and enforcement.
Consider that it is no longer assumed to be fundamental that there be basic codicils protecting individuals from intentional harm, predatory behavior and malfeasance (read Matt Taibbi's damning “The People vs. Goldman Sachs” for more fodder on this topic).
Nor do the penalties meet the crime when this class crosses the line. Why not commit the crime if you don't fear doing any time?
As a result, the rest of us are getting the shaft. Health Insurance is more expensive and offensively priced than ever. It feels almost evil that we went through the Obama Care discussion, only to “win” universal coverage that results in insurance providers simply upping their premiums 40% or more, in some cases pushing 2-3 rate increases in a single year!
Want to really mess with people's minds? Threaten the availability of their health care coverage, both for themselves and their families.
On a lighter note, at least we aren't suffering from inflation in this recovery. Yes, I am being ironic.
So what's changed this go around?
I remember when I started my first career in real estate back in 1988, and the savings and loan crisis was in full force (it was a much smaller version of our current banking imbroglio).
Then, three things came about in its aftermath:
Real structural change. A functioning marketplace for getting rid of non-performing assets. Readily identifiable perpetrators went to jail.
Not this time. Not only did the perpetrators not go to jail or even lose their jobs, but they got raises and got to keep their bonuses. This, even though the “profits” were disproportionately derived from a guaranteed arbitrage gifted by the U.S. government.
Even worse, most would agree that the reforms to the system were largely cosmetic, with the clean up of toxic assets occurring behind the public curtain with even more financial engineering.
Netting it out, we went through the worst financial crisis since the depression, and the only one who went to jail was Bernie Madoff — the guy who stole from the rich! That should tell you something.
Looked at holistically, it raises some troubling questions:
Is “Too Big to Fail” just a black hole that sucks our economy dry? You can certainly see the ripple effect at the level of state and local governments.
Does it matter if we have a middle class? Do we really care? Are our national priorities right?
What happens to all of the places in America that don't find real industry on the other side of The Great Reset?
What if it turns out that the Google Economy is a better destroyer of wealth and jobs than a creator of the same? Apocryphal, sure, but it's a fair question, given the number of industries that have been wiped out over the past decade.
Do we miss the video store, record store, book store, consumer electronics, newspaper, yellow pages and whatever intangibles they brought? What do we lose as a society when any brick and mortar business whose product or service can be digitized or improved by logistics (ease and convenience of access), or sold less expensively online simply goes away?
Is this the end of serious politics (real solutions, real compromise), and is the wall between government and private industry gone forever? Check out “Inside Job” and “Food, Inc.” to see how two different industries have been re-shaped by this dynamic.
In the bigger picture, can we “afford” cheap Walmart goods, or does the race to the bottom actually destabilize our way of life by destroying domestic industries and permanently funneling those jobs overseas?
Would the Earth stop spinning if the Amazon sales tax exemption was lifted, putting local retail on closer footing with Amazon? Wouldn't this seem to lead to more local sales?
What “upside surprises” might occur from a prolonged period of creative destruction in terms of our consumption patterns, happiness index and/or new industry growth?
Some of these raises uncomfortable truths about the values of a society, how that society holds its leaders accountable, whether opportunity is expanding or contracting, and whether the value that our economic base is creating is sustainable or illusory.
Similarly, it begs the question: what is the proper role of government? For example, is it possible that in the same way that the government provided the funding that led to the Internet and, before that, our national highway infrastructure, that our leaders could seed new types of infrastructure investment in transportation, energy, health and education?
A sobering thought. Take a moment and watch this chunk of Eisenhower's farewell speech where he warns about the rise of the military industrial complex, and the threat that it represents to society and our way of life (while acknowledging it's essential inevitable).
Now, replace “military industrial” with “Wall Street” and “mega corporations” and ask yourself if history is repeating. It's kind of disturbing.
Like any diagnosis, the patient (and its guardians) has a say in the treatment. But ignoring the fact that The Great Reset is upon us in the hopes of not upsetting the apple cart of a strong stock market (the Skinner Box of our age) is akin to letting cancer metastasize to avoid the pain that treatment might bring.
Photo: Reset switch by renaissancechambara, on Flickr
Related:
The stethoscope was invented by a doctor too embarrassed to place his ear on a woman's ample bosom.
Before the invention of the stethoscope, a physician would listen to a patient's heart by placing his ear over the chest.
In 1816, René Laennec, a physician and devout Catholic, was called to examine a young woman suspected to have a diseased heart. According to the medical procedure of the time, Laennec tapped his hand on the patient's back and tried to listen to the resulting sound (the "thumpyness" of the sound was used in diagnosis). Unfortunately, because the patient was too fat, he couldn't hear anything.
Too embarrassed to put his head on the young woman's ample bosom to listen closer, Laennec came up with a simple yet brilliant solution: he rolled a piece of paper into a cylinder and used that to listen to the patient's heartbeat.
Laennec later created a new instrument made from hollow wooden cylinder he called stethoscope, from the Greek words stethos (chest) and skopos (examination).
Now, you would think that such an invention would be universally embraced by the physicians of his time, but you'd be wrong. Even the founder of the American Heart Association, Lewis A. Conner, resisted the stethoscope, preferring to listen to the heart directly over the chest of the patient.
WILLARD, Ohio - Jesus Lara Lopez and his family draw closer together as the hour of his deportation to Mexico draws closer and efforts by his supporters have not yet resulted in a reprieve.
But they are not giving up hope that the deportation scheduled for Tuesday morning will be voided, or at least delayed.
Lara Lopez, 37, the father of four American children, is an undocumented immigrant who has been living in the United States since 2001. He worked in agricultural jobs and others, including his current job of packing cookies and crackers for Pepperidge Farms in Willard.
He was caught by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) through a police tip in 2008, but was allowed to stay and work in the country even after a 2011 deportation order was issued.
This year, under an illegal immigrant crackdown, he was ordered to buy a one-way ticket to Mexico City. His flight departs at 7:30 a.m. Tuesday.
His attorney, David Leopold of Cleveland, will file one last appeal today as the family tries to remain strong.
Meanwhile, the family waits.
"They are praying a lot and so are a lot of other people," said Lynn Tramonte, director of the immigrant defense group, America's Voice. "Jesus has been spending all his time with his children, trying to keep their spirits up. It's getting harder for him.
"The family has been getting signatures on petitions and contacting elected officials, but they are scared, really scared, that he will be taken away from them," she said.
Last weekend, the family and supporters gathered about 400 more signatures in downtown Willard to a add to a petition already signed by 34,000 people in person and on-line asking U.S. Rep. Bob Gibbs (R-Holmes County) to intervene with ICE on Lara Lopez' behalf.
Gibbs' office has not returned calls to The Plain Dealer on the issue, but on Friday a Gibbs staffer met with a group of Willard and Ashland-area religious leaders to talk about the case.
Dustin White, pastor of the Radial Church of Canton, said the staffer reported that they had met with Lara Lopez and reached out to ICE on his behalf, but nothing changed.
"We said the reality is that Mr. Gibbs needs to do more," White said. "What if Jesus was his father or brother or the man who sits next to him in church? Law and compassion are not mutually exclusive."
The group also said it plans to pursue discussion on the economic impact of the current immigration policies.
"Bob Gibbs is a farmer," said Amanda Hoyt, an evangelical Christian in Columbus, organizing the religious group. "He understands what farmers are up against. Farmers in our state lose millions of dollars every year because they don't have enough workers to plant the fields and pick the crops.
"Farmers are now fearing immigration raids," she continued. "Farming is hard enough, it's time to help the farmers and make their workers feel safe. This is more than just saving one man, it's much bigger than that."
Staff members for U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) said he supports Lara Lopez. They said Brown has "been in touch with ICE" about the case. Brown's staff has met with Lara Lopez as well.
Brown has supported the bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the Senate in 2013 to increase border security and create a path to citizenship for those willing to work for it. The bill was ultimately defeated.
"Tearing apart families who are working and paying taxes is not the way to fix our broken immigration system," Brown said.
Lara Lopez first came to America in 2001 after he was unable to find work in his native Chiapas, Mexico. He said he needed money to support his mother and sisters because his father had died when he was an infant.
He said he first went to Florida to pick fruit before moving to Willard.
His immigration problems came in 2008 when he was stopped by by police who reported him to ICE.
Lara Lopez reported to immigration officials for years and was permitted to work, even after 2011 when an immigration judge ordered him deported.
Under the Obama administration, ICE concentrated on deporting illegal immigrants involved in serious crimes and letting people like Lara Lopez, who had never been arrested for a crime, alone, said Leopold.
When Lara Lopez reported to ICE in March, he was told to prepare to be deported. ICE has been more aggressive in deporting all illegal immigrants under President Donald Trump's administration.
Lara Lopez said in his time in the U.S., he has paid taxes and has never used public aid such as welfare, food stamps, housing assistance or unemployment compensation.
Last year, he bought a modest house in Willard. Now he worries what will happen if he is deported.
He said his wife will not be able to keep up the payments on the $62,000 mortgage on her wages. He said he would try to find work in Chiapas and send money back, but feared it would not be enough.
Tramonte said if Lara Lopez is deported, America's Voice would set up a GoFundMe account to help.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's an argument to say that football fans in England have been treated to some great Premier League title races in recent years.
Of course, who could forget the insane "AguerooooOOOOOO!" ending to 2011/12?
In 2013/14 , any of Man City, Liverpool and Chelsea could've won it going into the final few games of the season after Arsenal spectacularly blew it (again).
Even this year, Tottenham are pushing Chelsea all the way as they both go into their final four games of the campaign.
(Image: Getty Images)
But those recent races aren't even fit to lace the boots of the Chilean Primera Division right now.
Before we get down to it, allow us to explain how the Chile's top flight works.
Consisting of 16 teams, it is split into two separate mini-seasons called the Apertura and Clausura tournaments. The winner of each tournament is guaranteed a place in the following season's Copa Libertadores, South America's version of the Champions League.
With Universidad de Chile having already won the early Apertura season, we're now coming to the end of the Clausura - and the title race is reaching ridiculous levels of tension.
With three games of the season left to play, a ridiculous TWELVE teams could still win it. In other words, 75% of the entire league is still in without a shout with just 270 minutes left to play in the season.
Here's how the table looks going into the home straight:
Some of those names will be instantly recognisable with others less so - but they're all involved.
Colo Colo currently lead the race on 22 points, while this also provides the best opportunity for Everton to win their first silverware in donkeys' years. Ahem...
(Image: LatinContent WO)
(Image: LatinContent WO)
Either way, the fans in Chile are set for a roller coaster few weeks - and we can't wait to see what happens.
Just imagine how nervous they all must be...
The number of foreign nationals making asylum claims after arriving in the Republic is on course to increase by almost 50 per cent by the end of the year.
The increase follows a decline in numbers arriving for the past 11 years, with a number of serious refugee crises driving global trends.
A senior justice source said the fact the Republic was regarded internationally as recovering from its recessionary years may be a contributory factor for some of the increase.
New data obtained by The Irish Times from the Department of Justice reveals an increase of just over 45 per cent in asylum claims in the first 11 months of the year when compared with the same period last year.
In total 1,276 claims for asylum were made in the Republic in the 11 months to the end of November, compared with 879 in the same period last year.
While data for the last three weeks is not yet available, Department of Justice officials believe claims will reach 1,400 for the full year when the December figures are known. That compares to 950 in all of last year, or a projected increase of 47 per cent.
The increase in asylum applications this year follows an 11-year period in which numbers declined annually. The last time applications increased was 2002, when there were a record 11,634 claims.
Justice sources noted the level of claims this year was still much lower than the period to 2002.
However, the situation was being monitored with a view to allocating further resources to the area if the increase was sustained or became more pronounced.
The number of those of Pakistani origin claiming asylum has increased by a significant 65 per cent this year and they have accounted of the single biggest group claiming asylum.
They were followed by Nigerians and Albanians, though a more detailed breakdown was not yet available.
When figures emerged earlier this year, some 13 per cent of all claimants to that point in 2014 were from Pakistan, the highest of any nation. Nigeria was next, its citizens accounting for 11 per cent.
Last year Nigeria topped the table, with 14 per cent of all asylum seekers coming from there. Pakistan was next, the country of origin for 11 per cent of claimants.
Those working with asylum seekers here said continuing conflict between Sunni and Shia Muslims in Pakistan had driven many from the country. Attacks on Taliban strongholds were also displacing people in the region.
The Irish Refugee Council said it was important to put into context the numbers seeking asylum in Ireland.
When the council examined figures for 44 industrialised nations, they found only 15 in every 10,000 asylum seekers made their claims in the Republic.
As well as the general levels of unrest in parts of Africa and across the Middle East driving trends, the council has cited the turmoil in Libya as a key factor.
It said more asylum seekers than ever were landing in Europe having departed Libya via the coast, which was no longer being policed properly because of the unrest there.
Punk rock and politics may have always shared a common unification, but that doesn't mean bands like The Dropkick Murphys will allow their music to be used for just any political purpose, especially if that politician is Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker.
When Scott recently took to the stage at the Iowa Freedom Summit to speak in front of many key members of the Republican party, he did so to the tune of Dropkick Murphy's cover of the Woody Guthrie song “”I'm Shipping Up to Boston,” reported conservative news source Twitchy. Walker apparently didn't realize that the Dropkick Murphys are assertively pro-union — an interest unlikely to find any common ground with the governor. Walker has become a national whipping boy for the anti-union cause, previously reported Inquisitr.
@ScottWalker@GovWalker please stop using our music in any way…we literally hate you!!! Love, Dropkick Murphys — Dropkick Murphys (@DropkickMurphys) January 25, 2015
Fans of the Dropkick Murphys tweeted their support of the band's decision to call out Scott's association with the song. Some even asked for Gov. Walker to issue an apology, while others wondered if Scott might owe the group some royalties.
@ScottWalker @GovWalker please tweet your apology to @DropkickMurphys for stealing copyrighted material Peace & Love — I Climb The Mountain (@mtn1hiker) January 25, 2015
In 2012, the Dropkick Murphys had already made their dislike of Scott quite clear when the same song was used to introduce Wisconsin Republican Senate candidate, Jeff Fitzgerald, as he took the stage. Although Dropkick Murphys specifically called out Walker in their original message to Fitzgerald, it appears the Wisconsin governor did not get the message.
“The stupidity and irony of this is laughable. A Wisconsin Republican U.S. Senate candidate – and crony of anti-Union Governor Scott Walker – using a Dropkick Murphys song as an intro is like a white supremacist coming out to gangsta rap!… We stand beside our Union and Labor brothers and sisters and their families in Wisconsin and all over the U.S!”
You can watch Gov. Scott Walker's full speech below, though it does begin after he's already taken the stage to the Dropkick Murphys song.
Do you think Gov. Scott Walker owes the Dropkick Murphys an apology?
[Image via Thomas Hawk and Gateway Technological College, Flickr]
How smart do you need to be to win an election, really? Shouldn't there be a test?
The real test of a candidate's electability is their skill to effectively communicate with the electorate. Other than that, their IQ, their life experiences, their 'knowledge' of anything, for that matter, can be hired, that's why presidents have cabinets and advisors; but, for a candidate's electability quotient (EQ), what they 'know' and how 'smart' they are, is nebulous at best and a non-issue for most voters. Sadly, "Reagan proved this"...to 're-contextulize' Cheney.
Republicans, as we know them today, got this quite a few decades ago. Democrats, as a group, not so much.
Remember the commercial real estate anecdote? Location, location, location.
Well, it's based on experience. And to paraphrase in the context of politics: Communication, communication, communication.
This is where the Bush/Cheney gang failed: they confused lying with communication. Endorsement now of the Bush/Cheney regime by the Republican core, their own party? Fail. Massive fail.
This also is where McCain is going wrong. In this campaign he's mistaking 'confusion' for 'communication'. The old adage here is 'If you can't convince them, confuse them'. Bad bet. It used to be fun for pols to play this game. No more. Now it's costing our country big-time bucks. The gamble, no longer pork barrel chicken feed, will trash quite a few political careers.
I hear the chickens marching down Main Street. Marching. Marching. Marching.
G H Diel
Bloomberg
NEW YORK (MarketWatch)—Apple Inc. is finally being added to the Dow Jones Industrial Average today, after years of speculation and hype. But, for investors, the excitement may be fleeting.
Historical data show share prices only briefly rally on the announcement that a company is being added to the exclusive, 30-member index--then fall in the weeks after its official induction.
In fact, there is a “clear pattern” of good performance leading up to an addition, then “bad performance following,” said Jason Goepfert, president of Sundial Capital Research, who analyzed stock-price trends of the last 20 DJIA additions during the 20 days before their addition and 20 days after. Of course, some of the declines may be due to mean reversion.
Since Apple's AAPL, +0.06% closing price of $126.41 on March 5, the last day of trade before the Dow 30 announcement, shares of Apple have risen a slight 0.5%, though they are down about 0.3% to $126.75 in recent trade, hours ahead of its planned induction after market close on Wednesday.
Sundial Capital Research
Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi said companies added to the Dow have historically outperformed the S&P 500 by 3% in the 30 days after the announcement of their inclusion--though Apple has so far been an exception to this rule--its stock not yet outperforming the S&P 500, which is up 1.5% since March 5. Sacconaghi said this usually indicates “incremental demand for shares” immediately after the Dow 30 announcement.
Apple's seven-for-one stock split last June opened the door to the stock's inclusion in the Dow and put it in line with virtually all of the DJIA eligibility criteria, which includes demonstrating “sustained growth,” being of interest to a large number of investors, and being a large-cap stock priced similarly to the other Dow 30 components in the price-weighted index.
Its inclusion follows a four-for-one stock split at Visa, which brought down the collective average of the price-weighted DJIA, thus sparking a need for a pricier stock, according to an announcement by the S&P Dow Jones Indices Index Committee.
See: The stock splits that paved the way to Apple's joining the Dow
Apple is the biggest company in the U.S., with a $736 billion market cap, but its share price as of this writing was just $128, which would make it only the sixth most expensive stock in the Dow 30 behind Visa Inc. V, +0.67% Goldman Sachs GS, +0.13% IBM Corp. IBM, +0.19% 3M Co. MMM, -0.57% and Boeing Co. BA, -0.02% —though Apple's stock trades at a 272% premium to AT&T's T, +0.29% stock, which it is replacing.
Apple gives the Dow its first taste of next-generation tech, which has been glaringly absent from the index even as companies like Facebook Inc. FB, -0.30% Google Inc. GOOGL, +0.42% Amazon Inc. AMZN, +0.21% and Apple pioneered massive innovation in mobile communication, e-commerce and social media. Those four companies have a collective market cap of roughly $1.53 trillion, which equates to roughly 30% of the entire Dow Jones Industrial Average—though only Apple and Facebook have share prices in line with the DJIA's historical weighting standards.
Even Intel Corp. INTC, +0.24% and Cisco Systems Inc CSCO, +0.77% were added at a time when PC penetration was less than smartphone and tablet penetration is today. In fact, some might argue that the last major tech-sector nod from the Dow came in 1999 when both Intel and Microsoft Corp. were added in the same month. Apple will replace AT&T Inc., whose stock as of Thursday close was priced at $34, giving the mobile carrier a $176.5 billion market cap.
See: AT&T's stock could beat Apple's now that it's out of the Dow
If Apple had been added in 2014, as some had expected, its performance would have ranked second among both tech stocks and all 30 Dow components, behind Intel. IBM, on the other hand, fell 18%, making it not only the worst tech-sector performer in the Dow 30 in 2014 but also the index's worst stock overall. AT&T shares are up 5% over the last 12 months.
Interestingly, Intel and Microsoft saw brief stock-price rallies after their respective additions, but both tanked shortly after in the dot-com crash. Neither has returned to its heights of 1999-2000.
Don't miss: The Nasdaq that hit 5,000 in the year 2000 was a very different stock index than the one that hit 5,000 this week
A version of this story was published on Dec. 26, 2014.
Also read:
This proves Apple is the stock retail investors love most
How Apple stock can easily hit $1 trillion by market cap by 2017
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Here is a crazy story about pro-Israel groups using private and government security forces to suppress free speech in the United States. The incident took place at the Kansas City Public Library last May, but became news in the last week.
On May 9, Dennis Ross, the longtime US government official on the Middle East who has been called Israel's lawyer (and who has said that American Jews “need to be advocates” for Israel and not for Palestinians), gave a speech at the Kansas City Public Library about Truman and Israel. The speech was sponsored by the Jewish Community Foundation of Greater Kansas City, among others, and the JCF insisted on extra security for the event because of a hate-crime, the shooting at the Jewish Community Foundation two years before that left three dead.
But when Jeremy Rothe-Kushel, a documentarian, rose to ask Ross a critical question, then tried to follow up, he was rushed by a private security officer. The library's programming director, Steve Woolfolk, interceded on Rothe-Kushel's behalf. Ultimately both Woolfolk and Rothe-Kushel were handcuffed and arrested in the library lobby, by an off-duty Kansas City police officer– who was also hired for the event by the JCF. Rothe-Kushel characterizes the arrest as an “assault,” and notes that Woolfolk suffered an injury.
The story is breaking now, it seems, because the Kansas City Public Library wanted to keep the whole incident on the q.t., but the Kansas City police insisted on pressing ahead with the charges.
Rothe-Kushel told me today that the case exposes the “nexus between the United States and Israeli security state.” Both the private security guard who grabbed him and the Kansas City police detective who charged him that night have received training in counter-terrorism from Israeli officials in visits to Israel.
Rothe-Kushel says that the private security officer, Blair Hawkins, is a security officer for the Jewish Community Foundation. He speculates that Hawkins, who has extensive national security experience, got the job through a security arm of the Israel lobby called SCN, the Secure Community Network, which describes itself in this way:
“The national homeland security initiative of The Jewish Federations of North America & the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations.”
Now let's go back to the scene of the “crime.” Ross's speech was connected to his pro-Israel book, Doomed to Succeed: The U.S.-Israel Relationship from Truman to Obama.
This American Libraries account quotes Woolfolk on the decision to allow private security:
Woolfolk told AL that the JCF came up with the idea of providing security for the talk. “The library, on occasion and usually at the speaker's request,” Woolfolk said, “agrees to providing extra security.” But in this case, the JCF arranged for private security guards as well as off-duty police officers to be present, in part because of sensitivity in the region over the April 2014 shootings by a lone gunman at a Jewish community center in Overland Park, Kansas, that left three people dead. At the end of Ross's talk, Rothe-Kushel went to the audience microphone to ask Ross a question, in the process stating that the US and Israel have engaged in state-sponsored terrorism. Ross answered, but Rothe-Kushel “was clearly not happy with his response to that assertion,” Woolfolk said.
America's national parks are already under threat, but will our beloved public lands survive Donald Trump's incoming presidency?
The president-elect plans to open up federal lands for more energy development and, according to Reuters, energy companies and industry lobbyists are already expecting a flurry of new federal drilling and mining leases with the incoming administration.
"This opportunity is unique, maybe once in a lifetime," Jack Gerard, president of the Washington DC-based American Petroleum Institute lobby group, told the news service in regards to increased access to federal leases.
Vast quantities of oil, natural gas, coal and uranium are tucked away in government-owned national parks and forests, wildlife refuges and tribal territories from the Arctic to the Gulf of Mexico.
As Reuters noted, under the Obama administration, oil output on federal land made up about a fifth of the national total in 2015, down from more than a third in 2010. Onshore drilling leases also fell about 15 percent.
However, Trump campaigned on a promise to "unleash America's $50 trillion in untapped shale, oil, and natural gas reserves, plus hundreds of years in clean coal reserves." He has accused Obama of "denying millions of Americans access to the energy wealth sitting under our feet" by restricting leasing and banning new coal extraction.
The U.S. government owns roughly 640 million acres of land, and the U.S. Department of the Interior (DOI) manages most of it. In December, Trump nominated U.S. Rep. Ryan Zinke of Montana, a climate change skeptic and coal mining advocate as head of the department.
As it happens, The Wilderness Society calculated that 90 percent of the lands held by the Bureau of Land Management, a bureau of the DOI, is already open to oil and gas development. Most of these lands are in the West and Alaska.
The Wilderness Society
At the same time, with crude oil prices above $50 a barrel, a drilling boom is in sight. As Bloomberg reported, U.S. shale producers are starting to hire back workers after sharp cutbacks in recent years and have added rigs to the shale patch in North America.
Even though Trump has previously said that he wants to keep public lands "great" and is "not looking to sell off land," that doesn't mean the leasing of public lands and waters for energy production is off the table.
Trump's own Energy Independence website states, "Rather than continuing the current path to undermine and block America's fossil fuel producers, the Trump Administration will encourage the production of these resources by opening onshore and offshore leasing on federal lands and waters." He also plans to end the "war on coal" and intends to scrap emissions regulations issued by the Obama Administration, such as the Clean Power Plan.
Trump's advisors are also seeking to privatize Native American reservations, which sit on an estimated 20 percent of the nation's oil and gas, along with large amounts of coal reserves. These resources are worth nearly $1.5 trillion.
In an effort to safeguard the environment, President Obama recently designated about 1.6 million acres in Utah and Nevada as national monuments. He also banned new drilling in federal waters in parts of the Atlantic and Arctic Oceans.
Republican lawmakers, however, have vowed to undo the measures. For now, it looks like the Right's "Drill, Baby, Drill" ethos is back on.
"I bought this book online at the recommendation of a close friend from my church and finished reading it the same day it arrived. That was two weeks ago and it's been on my mind ever since. As a Baptist minister of 20 years I like to think that I have a fairly good grasp on the basics of the Bible and end times issues but I'm truly humbled by what Dr. Scott McQuate has found. He covers a lot of things from the Sumerian language and shows how they relate to the Bible stories in ways that are obviously true, but I have never heard before. And his findings shed a lot of light on biblical eschatology. I was and still am floored. This is one of the most interesting books I've read in over 20 years and for anyone who really cares about the 'good stuff' that you know God has for you but you don't know how to find it, this is the book for you. It's really an eye-opener and I plan on reading his other books. Thank you Dr. McQuate."
- Pastor Jason B from Texas
Mobile network operator Vodafone has said 70pc of Ireland's population and 90pc of its capital city Dublin are now covered by fourth-generation (4G) LTE mobile data.
The company said its rollout programme has now reached six cities and more than 267 towns across the country.
Vodafone said it is on schedule to complete its national rollout programme to expand data coverage across both urban and rural areas.
The next phase of the rollout targets counties along the east coast, including Kildare south, Meath, Monaghan and Wicklow.
Existing 3G services are also being upgraded in tandem with the 4G rollout to include HD voice and better indoor coverage and voice quality.
Vodafone says its 4G service offers speeds up to 10 times faster than 3G, including instant photo uploads and uninterrupted music streaming.
The battle for 4G
In recent weeks, Vodafone beefed up its 4G RED Extra offering by bundling in Sky Sports Premium 1 pack.
“People carry their phones everywhere and we know they love having access to the best and most relevant content, particularly music, videos and photos, whenever, wherever,” said Vodafone's consumer director Marcel de Groot.
“The rollout of Vodafone's superfast 4G across Dublin, as well as the improvements to our existing 3G network, mean Vodafone customers can now do more of what they love with their phones at faster speeds and in more places.”
The battle for 4G, interrupted by Three's €850m acquisition of O2 Ireland, is about to begin again in earnest among the various operators. Last week, Three and Eircom agreed to keep in place a 4G network-sharing joint venture called Mosaic, which will lead to the rollout of 2,000 new cellular sites across Ireland.
For game seven of other sports, see game seven
In the National Hockey League (NHL), a game seven is the final game in a best-of-seven series in the Stanley Cup playoffs. Based on the playoffs format arrangement,[a] it is played in the venue of the team holding home-ice advantage for the series. The necessity of a game seven cannot be known until the outcome of game six is determined, assuming that a series reaches the sixth contest. In other words, game seven is the only one in a best-of-seven series that cannot be guaranteed more than one game in advance.
The Stanley Cup Finals first employed the best-of-seven format in 1939. The league's semifinals also used the best-of-seven format beginning that same year, as well as the quarterfinal round that was added in 1968. Beginning in 1982, the playoff format was changed from semifinals and quarterfinals, to conference finals and division finals, respectively. A division semifinal round was also added in 1982, but did not begin to use the best-of-seven format until 1987. Starting in 1994, the division final and division semifinal rounds became the conference semifinal and conference quarterfinal rounds, respectively. Beginning with 2014, these rounds were renamed to simply the "first" and "second" rounds.
Since instituting the best-of-seven format for the 1939 Stanley Cup playoffs, 171 game sevens have been played. Of those, 71 have been won by the road team. There have been 19 seasons in which no game sevens were played: 1940, 1943, 1944, 1946, 1947, 1948, 1951, 1956, 1957, 1958, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1963, 1966, 1967, 1970, 1973, and 1977. In 2005, no playoffs were held due to the 2004–05 NHL lockout. Two active NHL franchises have never played in a game seven: the Columbus Blue Jackets and the Vegas Golden Knights. The 1994, 2011, and 2014 playoffs hold the record for most game sevens played, with seven out of a possible fifteen. The Boston Bruins have played in 26 game sevens in franchise history, the most of any team in NHL history. The Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, and Montreal Canadiens have won 14 game sevens each, the most of any teams in NHL history. The Toronto Maple Leafs, Colorado Avalanche, Bruins, and Los Angeles Kings hold the record for most game sevens played in a single season, having played three in 1993, 2002, 2011, and 2014, respectively. The Bruins and Kings won all three.
Key [ edit ]
OT Overtime (the number in front indicates the number of overtime periods played, if there were more than one) † Indicates the team that won a game seven after coming back from an 0–3 series deficit § Indicates the team that lost a game seven after coming back from an 0–3 series deficit Road* Indicates a game seven that was won by the road team Year (X) Indicates the number of game sevens played in that year's postseason
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NHL season Team (#) Indicates team and the number of game sevens played by that team at that point ^ Indicates game seven in the Stanley Cup Finals
All-time game sevens [ edit ]
All-time standings [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Some 1,000 migrants were saved from leaky boats in the central Mediterranean on Friday and one person was found dead, Italy's coast guard said.
An Italian coast guard ship, the Spanish humanitarian group Proactiva Open Arms and a Caribbean-registered supply vessel went to the aid of six rubber dinghies and three wooden vessels.
“A dead body was recovered from one of the rubber boats,” the coast guard said in a statement. They gave no details about the migrants' nationalities.
The sea crossing from Libya to Italy, operated by people smugglers based in the unstable North African state, is now the main route for migrants seeking better lives in Europe.
A record 181,000 mainly African boat migrants reached Italy last year, pushing the total number of arrivals in the past three years over half a million.
Reuters
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
For every action there is a reaction, and one need not be a devotee of physicist Sir Isaac Newton's Laws of Motion to understand its meaning. The country has learned that for every act of mass gun violence, the National Rifle Association reacts violently and assails gun safety measures as intrusive assaults on “law abiding citizens” dog-given 2nd amendment rights regardless they are hardly proposed much less enacted. However, in a state that has been ravaged by mass-shootings and passes weak gun safety measures, the NRA reacts with fear-mongering and outrage. Lacking dictatorial power to abolish the new laws and punish legislators who supported them, they have shown they will spearhead an effort to remove legislators for protecting their constituents. In fact, in Colorado, the NRA launched recall campaigns against four state senators and successfully put two on a special recall ballot to send a message succinctly articulated by Republicans who said, “Legislators should be scared” for opposing the NRA and voting for universal background checks on gun purchases and limiting most ammunition magazines to 15 rounds.
Colorado has hosted two of the nation's most horrific mass shootings, and despite not acting after Columbine and Aurora, the Newtown gun massacre prompted Colorado Democrats to react and pass what most Americans believe are sensible gun safety measures. Last week it was reported that a convicted felon in Ohio who was banned from ever owning a firearm for killing one man and injuring two others was caught with 18 guns and 45,000 bullets that revealed why Colorado Democrats passed simple universal background checks for gun purchases. The Ohio U.S. Attorney, Steven Dettelbach, who prosecuted the case said, “I can't tell you how he got all those guns and ammunition, it's not that I won't tell you; it's that I can't. This is somebody who should never have had one gun, one bullet. But he had an entire arsenal.”
It is interesting the Dettelbach cannot figure out how the felon stocked his arsenal, when any American with a pea-brain knows that he accumulated his cache because America lacks universal background checks for all gun purchases. The felon was able to amass a stockpile of guns and ammunition due to diligence of the National Rifle Association that has been on a crusade to shut down discussion and calls for background checks on private gun sales they claim creates a national registry of gun owners the government will amass to confiscate weapons and enact tyranny. The NRA's war on sanity prevents law enforcement agencies from keeping records of gun purchases that allowed the felon in Ohio to avoid background checks if he purchased his 18 guns from an unregistered dealer, or if he bought them from a legal buyer because federal law demands law enforcement destroy a legal purchaser's record of gun acquisitions.
Colorado's new gun safety measures went into effect on July 1st, but the Republican (NRA) political opposition and legal challenges against the regulations began before the ink on the gun safety measures was dry. The NRA's battle against background checks was joined by “55 of 62 Colorado elected Sheriffs” who oppose the new gun control laws that gubernatorial candidate Tom Tancredo boasts “brings a lot of momentum to the efforts to overturn these laws and to recall state Senators Morse and Giron.” It is not uncommon for law enforcement officials who should welcome keeping arsenals out of the hands of felons to rail against background check legislation as an act of tyranny. In California just six months ago, an elected county sheriff publicly announced that if Congress passed background check legislation, he would not enforce the laws despite that a month earlier one of his deputies and a locksmith were slaughtered by a mental gun fanatic with an arsenal when they served an eviction notice.
It is evident that the NRA fully supports putting as many guns, and bullets, into the hands of their gun-crazed zealots' arsenals as possible regardless they are felons, racists, or insane. The gun fanatics, especially in Colorado, are willing to take extraordinary steps to maintain their ability to cache weapons even gathering support to secede and form America's 51st state. In June it was reported that several county commissioners in Northern Colorado were taking steps to secede because they were incensed the state legislature enacted expanded background checks for gun purchases and renewable energy standards. As an aside, the Colorado recall effort drew the attention of the Koch brothers' unlimited cash because the secessionists and recall supporters stated that besides rejecting background checks for gun purchases, their “whole purpose of doing this is to protect the energy sector that we feel is very much under assault.” The Koch brothers will never let an opportunity slip past to fund political efforts to protect the dirty energy sector, and if they help ALEC and the NRA enrich gun manufacturer's corporate profits, then it is a value-added benefit.
Besides the NRA whipping up skepticism, anger and gun-lust among Colorado gun owners, the state's gun dealers rejoiced that the new laws spurred residents to buy as many guns and magazines before the new laws took effect as they could afford. In fact, a Colorado gun magazine and accessory manufacturer took advantage of the NRA crusade and handed out hundreds of 20 and 30-round magazines for free in a typical fear mongering “Farewell to Arms” festival in Glendale, Colorado. The first 1,500 adults at the event received a free magazine, and latecomers were graciously allowed to purchase up to five magazines at $10 each. NRA supporters claim the organization is not intent on putting as many guns and bullets into the hands of gun-freaks waiting to wage war against tyranny as possible, but they can hardly argue handing out free high-capacity magazines serves any other purpose than stocking their anti-government supporters' arsenals.
Americans have to face the fact that the NRA wields an inordinate amount of power over this country that is evident in their reaction to mass shootings and responsible efforts to curb the out-of-control gun violence plaguing Americans. The sensible gun safety measures in Colorado were passed by the legally elected legislature, and signed by the legally elected governor, but like Americans' safety, the NRA cannot comport democracy and will go to any lengths to keep their gun fanatics armed waiting for an opportunity to use their guns. The Republicans in Colorado summed up the NRA recall effort succinctly; “Legislators should be scared” of the National Rifle Association because opposing their agenda will result in secession, recalls, and if those are unsuccessful, gun-crazed fanatics, including ex-felons who are sitting on well-stocked arsenals ready to combat tyranny.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Bring the Chaos Space Marine 3D model to life with your brush and some paint!
London, 7 September 2016 – Gambody's online workshop of printed and painted 3D models has a new addition – the Chaos Space Marine 3D model.
Descending from the Warhammer Universe, this 3D figurine is not a simple one to deal with, but it is certainly worth a spot in your collection of printed armies of ferocious characters.
Chaos Space Marine 3D model is not like any other collectible that has been featured in our online workshop so far. It is the dark looks that he displays that make the character a perfect project for those who enjoy gloomy table top games.
The 3D model is an impressive project, standing 25cm tall. It is a static model that suits perfectly in your 3D printing collectibles arsenal, or simply as a piece that you can display in a visible spot, to the envy of your friends.
To ensure that the Chaos Space Marine 3D model prints well, the model has been broken down into 6 separate parts. This means, you will be handling 6 separate STL files in your slicing program.
All 6 STL files are created in Autodesk Maya modeling program and checked and corrected in Netfabb. Printing requires support for the overhangs. Other than that, the model prints clean, with accurate detailing and superb outer shell.
We used regular nippers to remove the support material. Some sanding was also used, but be careful when do it, because of the many tiny elements that adorn the 3D model's outer surface.
As you already know, Gambody has launched its online workshop for 3D printing and painting 3D models. The project aims at showing our users the way the models print. We 3D print mostly in PLA material, as it is more affordable and thus more targeted at hobby 3D printing. Also, in the online workshop you can have a look at the painting process of the printed figurines.
For the painting process of the Chaos Space Marine 3D model we use regular painting brushes, primer, acrylic paint and some painting skills. We use these simple, yet efficient tools for painting, as they are less expensive and thus they won't create a hole in your budget.
First, we cover the model with white primer. The primer is necessary because it masks the 3D model's color of the printing material and also ensure perfect adhesion of the acrylic paints to the surface.
We painted Chaos Space Marine 3D model based on a picture found on the Internet. We stayed true to the color combinations and the choice of hues.
For a more convenient process, we have broken down the 3D model into 6 separate parts and painted each of them separately.
After intense work, this is how the Chaos Space Marine 3D model looks like in painted mode.
If you're a true fan of video game characters, getting your hands on the 3D printing and painting one really is worth it.
Watch below the time-lapse of the entire painting process of Chaos Space Marine 3D model.
Buy Chaos Space Marine 3D model STL files here for $34.99
All those interested in getting 3D printed and painted Chaos Space Marine 3D print information kit can DOWNLOAD HERE.
About Gambody
Gambody is the premium 3D printing marketplace. It brings together a large community of video gamers by giving them the possibility to have their beloved game character or game item in tangible form, through 3D printing. The marketplace provides highly detailed STL files, optimized for all 3D printers and connects virtuality with reality. To learn more visit Gambody.com
Media Contacts
Yurii Yefimov
Gambody Marketplace Manager
Email: media [at] gambody.com
Twitter: @_Dark_Stalker
(Visited 2,673 times, 1 visits today)
Yosi Piamenta, who came to be known as the 'Hasidic Hendrix', dies at 64 following a lengthy battle with cancer.
Hasidic musician Yosi Piamenta passed away on Sunday night at the age of 64, after a long battle with cancer.
Piamenta was born in Jerusalem, Israel in 1951. His family moved to Tel Aviv when he was 12 years old, where he received his first guitar from his uncle, Albert Piamenta, an Israeli saxophonist.
Piamenta served in the IDF Artillery Corps troupe, and after concluding his army service founded the Piamenta Brothers band with his brother, Avi.
In his 20s, Piamenta moved to New York, together with his brother with the intention of working on a joint album with American saxophone player Stan Getz. The album was a success but Piamenta disapproved of the entertainment industry lifestyle and turned to religion, becoming Hasidic.
Piamenta lived in Flatbush, New York, for over 20 years before moving back to Israel to live close to his father.
In recent years his health deteriorated, and this past April he fell into a coma. Piamenta woke up from the coma two days later but fell ill again last week, and underwent surgery for his cancer at the Sheba Medical Center.
Four months ago, Piamenta performed in Tel Aviv, where he showed off his impressive musical abilities.
Long-term exposure to females reduces aggression of male fruit flies. The mechanism involves contact-dependent pheromone sensing and the activation of a small group of GABAergic inhibitory neurons unique to the male brain.
Although conspecific aggression is an integral part of animals' social lives, uncontrolled aggression is usually harmful1. Previous social experience imposes a robust regulatory effect on aggression2,3, which may help to suppress excessive aggression in a socially enriched environment and maintain a stable social structure. The mechanisms underlying the inhibitory effect of social experience on aggression remain largely unclear, especially at the level of central neural circuitry. In this issue of Nature Neuroscience, Yuan et al.4 tackle this question by examining whether and how prior social experience with females influences male-male aggression in the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster. Yuan et al.4 found that housing with females for an extended period of time exerted an inhibitory effect on male aggression toward other males. The inhibition likely involves contact-dependent pheromone sensing and the subsequent activation of a small group of GABAergic inhibitory neurons unique to the male brain. These results offer an entry point to understanding how social experience shapes aggressive behavior in the CNS (Fig. 1).
Figure 1: Short-term and long-term interactions with male and female influence male-male aggression in flies: the common theme and potential implications. Left, acute exposure to females enhances male aggression toward other males, whereas chronic exposure to females suppresses male aggression. During chronic exposure to females, certain non-volatile female pheromones (for example, 7,11-HD and 7,11-ND) activate a subset of male gustatory neurons expressing ppk29 and fru, and subsequently employ a small cluster of GABAergic neurons in the male brain coexpressing the serotonin receptor d5HT-1B and fru. These GABAergic neurons likely suppress male aggression by inhibiting downstream aggression-promoting neurons expressing the GABA-A receptor RDL and fru. It would be of interest to examine whether the aggression-promoting effect of acute female exposure employs the same female pheromones and the same gustatory receptor. It is also unclear whether acute female exposure promotes male aggression by activating RDL+ fru+ neurons. Right, exposure to other males acutely enhances male aggression through the detection of a male-specific volatile pheromone cVA by olfactory sensory neurons expressing Or67d. Chronic exposure to other males suppresses male aggression through the same pheromone cVA and the activation of a distinct group of olfactory sensory neurons expressing Or65a. Both groups of neurons are located in the antennae, the primary olfactory organ of fruit flies. These neurons project to the antennal lobes in the brain and innervate with downstream projection neurons at distinct olfactory glomeruli. The central neural circuitry that mediates the opposite behavioral effects of cVA remains unclear. It will be interesting to examine whether the central neural circuitry identified by Yuan et al. (left) is also involved in mediating the opposite effects of cVA on male aggression. AL, antennal lobes; SOG, subesophageal ganglion; CHs, cuticular hydrocarbons. Image: Katie Vicari Full size image
The presence of female flies is known to impose an acute stimulatory effect on male-male aggression in fruit flies5, highlighting the possible role of male aggression in establishing advantage in mate competition6. But does prolong prior exposure to females exert a similar or opposite effect on subsequent male aggression? Yuan et al.4 found that, if male flies were kept with females for 24 h before the aggression assay, these males no longer exhibited enhanced aggression toward each other following acute female exposure. These results indicate an inhibitory effect of chronic female exposure on male aggression in fruit flies. It would be of interest to further explore whether this inhibitory effect occurs by counteracting the stimulatory effect of acute female exposure on male aggression or by reducing baseline male aggression.
The inhibitory effect of chronic female exposure on male aggression could be a result of behavioral interactions between males and females (for example, courtship and copulation) or of long-term exposure to female-specific sensory cues. Yuan et al.4 therefore sought to distinguish these two possibilities. First, Yuan et al. found that copulation was neither necessary nor sufficient for the inhibitory effect of chronic female exposure on male aggression. Second, chronic exposure to D. melanogaster and D. pseudoobscura females, but not to D. virilis females, suppressed male aggression, even though D. melanogaster males avidly courted the females of all three species. Thus, prolonged behavioral interactions with females are unlikely to be the sole cause of reduced male aggression. Notably, D. pseudoobscura and D. virilis females carry distinct profiles of long-chain cuticular hydrocarbons, a class of non-volatile pheromones involved in the regulation of both sex and aggressive behaviors in fruit flies7,8. In addition, Yuan et al.4 found that physical contact between males and females was essential for the inhibitory effect of chronic female exposure on male aggression, whereas visual and olfactory input were dispensable. Taken together, these results suggest that contact-dependent communication via cuticular hydrocarbons may mediate the inhibitory effect of chronic female exposure on male aggression.
What specific cuticular hydrocarbon molecule mediates the suppression of aggression by chronic female contact? Plausible candidates emerged from Yuan et al.'s results4. They found that ppk29 (ref. 9), a contact-dependent gustatory receptor, was required for the inhibitory effect of chronic female contact, as were gustatory neurons that coexpressed ppk29 and fruitless (fru), a master regulator of fly sex and aggressive behaviors. Previous reports have shown that these ppk29+ fru+ double-labeled neurons are located on the bristles of fly forelegs and are sexually dimorphic9. These ppk29+ fru+ neurons respond to a wide array of cuticular hydrocarbons from both males and females, including 7-tricosene, 7-pentacosene, 7,11-heptacosadiene (7,11-HD), 7,11-nonacosadiene (7,11-ND) and possibly others9,11. One or more of these cuticular hydrocarbons may therefore mediate the suppression of male aggression by chronic female contact by activating ppk29+ fru+ neurons. Two of these compounds, 7,11-HD and 7,11-ND, are female specific and have been shown to promote male courtship9. It is therefore possible that the same female pheromones (for example, 7,11-HD and 7,11-ND) may promote courtship and suppress aggression via the same gustatory pathway.
How does the female pheromonal signal enter the male brain and suppress aggression? To answer this question, Yuan et al.4 conducted a cell perturbation screen aimed at identifying neurons in the central brain that could disinhibit male aggression when silenced. The screen identified ∼3,000 neurons in the fly brain that resembled the expression pattern of d5HT-1B, a serotonin receptor in flies. Given that the neural circuitry formed by fru+ neurons is both necessary and sufficient for male aggression10, Yuan et al.4 reasoned that only the neurons expressing both d5HT-1B and fru would be relevant to the inhibitory effect of chronic female contact on male aggression, which was indeed the case. Yuan et al.4 further showed that a large portion of the d5HT-1B+ fru+ neurons (those in the mushroom bodies, a major structure in fly brain) were dispensable to the inhibitory effect of chronic female contact, leaving only a handful of d5HT-1B+ fru+ neurons as the potential aggression inhibitors. These include ∼20 neurons located in the brain, between the antennal lobes and the subesophageal ganglion (SOG), and a lone neuron located in the ventral nerve cord (VNC). Notably, the antennal lobes and SOG are the relay centers for olfactory and gustatory information, respectively. The specific location of d5HT-1B+ fru+ neurons raises the possibility that these neurons may mediate olfactory and gustatory transmission and integration (Fig. 1).
Elevated serotonin signaling is known to enhance aggression in fruit flies12. Thus, chronic female contact may downregulate serotonin signaling through d5HT-1B receptor and, as a result, reduce male aggression. Unexpectedly, Yuan et al.4 found that neither altering d5HT-1B expression nor promoting serotonin biosynthesis affected the suppression of male aggression by chronic female contact, suggesting that serotonin signaling is not involved in this inhibitory effect. Instead, they found that some d5HT-1B+ fru+ neurons coexpressed glutamic acid decarboxylase 1 (GAD), a key enzyme for the biosynthesis of the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA. This discovery raises the possibility that d5HT-1B+ fru+ neurons suppress male aggression by inhibiting certain downstream aggression-promoting neurons via GABA transmission. Indeed, both blocking GABA biosynthesis and blocking reuptake in d5HT-1B+ neurons eliminated the inhibitory effect of chronic female contact on male aggression, a result that resembled the effect of silencing these neurons directly. In addition, Yuan et al.4 found that a GABA A receptor, RDL13, mediates the inhibitory effect of chronic female contact on male aggression. Taken together, these results suggest that the neurons coexpressing d5HT-1B and fru are GABAergic and suppress male aggression by inhibiting downstream RDL+ fru+ aggression-promoting neurons (Fig. 1).
Notably, GAD was expressed only in the subset of d5HT-1B+fru+ neurons located in the male brain, between the antennal lobes and SOG. It was not expressed in the lone d5HT-1B+ fru+ neuron located in the VNC. These results suggest that only these GABAergic d5HT-1B+ fru+ neurons in male brain are involved in the suppression of male aggression by chronic female contact. Thus, starting with ∼3,000 diversely located and broadly innervated d5HT-1B+ neurons identified from a screen, Yuan et al.4 effectively narrowed the relevant neurons down to a single cluster of ∼20 neurons by conducting a two-step intersectional manipulation using fru and GAD. This finding offers a concrete entry point for further dissecting the neural circuitry mediating the effect of social experience on aggression and underscores the power and amenability of genetically based circuitry mapping in fruit flies.
This study provides an elegant example that a small population of genetically defined neurons can drive experience-dependent regulation of social behaviors. It also opens up a new avenue of exciting hypotheses and questions. Previous studies have shown that social experience with other males can also modulate male aggression. Acute exposure to opponent males elicits male aggression, whereas chronic social interaction with other males reduces male aggression2. A single volatile pheromone, 11-cis-vaccenyl acetate (cVA), functions as the switch: acute exposure to cVA promotes male aggression by activating a group of olfactory sensory neurons expressing the olfactory receptor Or67d14, whereas chronic exposure to cVA suppresses male aggression through a different group of olfactory sensory neurons expressing Or65a15 (Fig. 1). Comparing what we have learned from the male and female sides of the story may help us to find a common theme and suggest areas for future study (Fig. 1). Are the same female cuticular hydrocarbons (for example, 7,11-HD and 7,11-ND) involved in both the promotion and suppression of male aggression following acute and chronic female exposure? If so, do they go through the same receptor, ppk29, for stimulatory and inhibitory effects or is a different gustatory receptor involved? Do GABAergic d5HT-1B+ fru+ neurons mediate the suppression of aggression by chronic exposure to both males and females? How do acute and chronic exposure to conspecifics exert opposite behavioral effects? Does it require changes in emotional or arousal state and/or some form of learning and memory? The fruit fly offers the right combination of tools to crack most of these questions, and the insights that we generate in the fruit fly may one day help us to better understand human social behavior, emotion and violence.
References 1. Anderson, D.J. Biol. Psychiatry 71, 1081–1089 (2012). 2. Wang, L., Dankert, H., Perona, P. & Anderson, D.J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 105, 5657–5663 (2008). 3. Yurkovic, A., Wang, O., Basu, A.C. & Kravitz, E.A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 103, 17519–17524 (2006). 4. Yuan, Q., Song, Y., Yang, C.-H., Jan, L.Y. & Jan, Y.N. Nat. Neurosci. 17, 81–88 (2014). 5. Chen, S., Lee, A.Y., Bowens, N.M., Huber, R. & Kravitz, E.A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 99, 5664–5668 (2002). 6. Dow, M.A. & von Schilcher, F. Nature 254, 511–512 (1975). 7. Billeter, J.-C., Atallah, J., Krupp, J.J., Millar, J.G. & Levine, J.D. Nature 461, 987–991 (2009). 8. Wang, L. et al. Nat. Neurosci. 14, 757–762 (2011). 9. Thistle, R., Cameron, P., Ghorayshi, A., Dennison, L. & Scott, K. Cell 149, 1140–1151 (2012). 10. Siwicki, K.K. & Kravitz, E.A. Curr. Opin. Neurobiol. 19, 200–206 (2009). 11. Toda, H., Zhao, X. & Dickson, B.J. Cell Rep. 1, 599–607 (2012). 12. Dierick, H.A. & Greenspan, R.J. Nat. Genet. 39, 678–682 (2007). 13. Hosie, A.M., Sattelle, D., Aronstein, K. & ffrench-Constant, R. Trends Neurosci. 20, 578–583, (1997). 14. Wang, L. & Anderson, D.J. Nature 463, 227–231 (2010). 15. Liu, W. et al. Nat. Neurosci. 14, 896–902 (2011). Download references
Author information Affiliations Liming Wang is at the Life Sciences Institute, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China. Liming Wang Authors Search for Liming Wang in: Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar Competing interests The author declares no competing financial interests. Corresponding author Correspondence to Liming Wang.
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
Drug experts are in Ottawa Friday, trying to find a national solution to Canada's opioid crisis.
B.C. Premier Christy Clark is suggesting that soft drug use is contributing to the problem.
Clark and a B.C. delegation are among those taking part in a two-day opioid summit.
The premier says one of the contributing factors in the shocking spike in overdose deaths is the increasingly liberal attitude society has toward recreational drug use.
She says, in light of what's happening, it's more important than ever that we have tight regulations on marijuana.
“We are finding fentanyl in marijuana,” said Clark. “Vancouver Police did a major seizure. They found cocaine with fentanyl, heroin with fentanyl, methamphetamine with fentanyl and marijuana with fentanyl and so one of my concerns with marijuana has always been that people don't know what they are getting in their product.”
READ MORE: Opioid crisis a national public emergency and Ottawa needs to act, medical experts say
In a statement, Vancouver Police say they have been involved in many investigations where officers find suspects in possession of fentanyl, along with a variety of other drugs, but they have not made any seizures where marijuana contains or is “laced” with fentanyl.
The Ministry of Health confirms this, saying there is no official confirmation of any cases of marijuana laced with fentanyl to date.
However, they say there have been warnings put out by police to be cautious of contamination in any drug, including marijuana, and other anecdotal stories of fentanyl being found in marijuana.
The ministry says the only way to ensure there is no contamination is for medical marijuana users to purchase their pot from one of the 35 producers licensed by Health Canada.
High-profile marijuana activist Dana Larsen also said he has never heard of any marijuana containing fentanyl.
Long time pot activist Dana Larsen says he's never heard of marijuana mixed with fentynal. Says it would make the 'worst joint ever'. — Jill Bennett (@jillreports) November 18, 2016
Image: Jun Liu/North Carolina State University
Advertisement
Two-dimensional (2D) materials such as those made from transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs) are layered one on top of another to create devices that could potentially be used for electronics. In fact, how these materials are layered determines to a large extent the electronic properties of the final device.
One property that engineers have kept in mind when plotting the layering of TMDs and other 2D materials is how they dissipate heat. Researchers at North Carolina State University, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UI) and the Toyota Research Institute of North America (TRINA) have discovered an almost counterintuitive phenomenon in the layering of 2D materials that should help them to dissipate heat when they are fabricated into electronic devices.
In research described in the journal Nature Communications, the researchers wanted to address the issue of the difference in how heat is conducted in the strong, horizontal “in plane” bonds of the layers versus the weak, “out of plane” bonds between the layers. What they discovered was that in TMDs, heat was conducted at 100 watts per meter per Kelvin (W/mK) in plane, but at only 2 W/mK out of plane. This gives the TMDs a “thermal anisotropy ratio” of about 50. Anisotropy is when a material has a physical property that is different in one direction versus another. For instance, wood is stronger along its grain rather than against it.
The researchers wanted to see if they could increase these 2D materials' heat conduction ratio to an even higher number. That would almost guarantee that the heat would travel in plane—along the layer—rather than between the layers.
To accomplish this, they added a few lithium ions between layers of molybdenum disulfide (a TMD). Two key changes were observed: First, it put the two layers out of alignment; and, second, it forced the atoms of molybdenum disulfide to rearrange. Those molecular adjustments were sufficient to yield an in-plane thermal conductivity of 45 W/mK and an out-of-plane thermal conductivity of only 0.4 W/mK. In other words, the thermal anisotropy ratio rose from 50 to more than 100.
Curiously, the number of lithium ions they struck upon was just right; in iterations of the experiment when they added more or fewer lithium ions, the result was actually a dip in the material's thermal anisotropy ratio. But this taught them that the change in heat conductivity was tunable.
“This finding was very counterintuitive,” said Jun Liu, an assistant professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at NC State and co-corresponding author of a paper, in press release. “The conventional wisdom has been that introducing disorder to any material would decrease the thermal anisotropy ratio.
Liu added:
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- In Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, voters throughout the country have a "fighter, a builder and a winner," vice presidential nominee and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence told Michigan residents in a town hall Thursday.
Speaking to a crowd at DeltaPlex Arena in Grand Rapids, Pence countered themes of speakers at the 2016 Democratic National Convention that America is already great, noting that
Trump is instead "leveling with the American people" and is running on the issues that matter to the future of the country.
If voters want a leader who will rebuild the military, keep citizens safe, support law enforcement and cut back on unnecessary federal spending, Trump's the one, Pence said.
"If you're looking for a president who is going to squeeze every nickel out of a bloated federal bureaucracy, that man is Donald Trump," Pence said.
At the podium, Pence touted his experience as governor of Indiana, likening his efforts to decrease taxes and better the economy to what Republican governors have done in Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin.
"We cut taxes every year that I've been governor - it all still works," Pence said. "That's exactly the kind of leadership that Trump is going to bring to DC."
Pence was critical of his Democratic counterpart Tim Kaine, who has served as governor and a federal lawmaker for the state of Virginia, and said unemployment almost doubled in his state under his tenure.
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton "picked just the right person if she wants to keep America on the path of economic decline," Pence said.
"We're not going to let them," he continued.
Pence also stressed the importance of having a Republican president choose the next members of the U.S. Supreme Court, warning town hall attendees that if they wanted to protect the rule of law, Constitutional liberties such as the 2nd Amendment and the sanctity of life, they should ensure Clinton is not given the chance to select new justices.
When asked by an audience member about how Trump and Pence would deal with the issue of abortion, Pence said he "couldn't be more proud to be standing shoulder to shoulder with the next pro life president of the USA."
With more conservative U.S. Supreme Court justices, "I believe we'll see Roe v. Wade consigned to the ash heap of history where it belongs," Pence said.
Prior to Pence's Grand Rapids speech, former Congressman Pete Hoekstra, Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, Michigan Republican Party Chair Ronna Romney McDaniel and state Sen. Tonya Schuitmaker, R-Lawton, gave their own stump speeches for their fellow Midwest lawmaker while also taking shots at the Democratic ticket.
Calley referred to Pence as the type of person who has a "north star" that remains centered on his Christian, conservative and Republican values.
Romney McDaniel told attendees that the difference between former Gov. Jennifer Granholm's leadership and the leadership of Republicans in Michigan since is a good indicator of the differences between what Trump and Clinton would do as president.
"We experienced first hand what Republican leadership can do - it's so important to our future and to the Midwest," Romney McDaniel said. "That's why we have to put a Republican in the White House."
In advance of Pence's Michigan stops, Michigan Democrats slammed Pence on his record of opposing Planned Parenthood, anti-abortion policies and hesitancy to promote equal pay.
"Mike Pence doesn't speak for Michigan women," Michigan Democratic Party Chief Operating Officer Lavora Barnes said in a statement that also referred to the Trump/Pence ticket as "the most anti-woman presidential ticket in our nation's history."
"Mike Pence and his boss, Donald Trump, are going to find out soon that their dangerous ideas and backward beliefs aren't welcome here in Michigan, and it will be the women of this state that deliver that message loud and clear," Barnes continued.
Flood Advisories Issued Throughout Oregon
Turn around - Don't Drown!
(PORTLAND, Ore.) - The National Weather Service has issued an Urban and Small Stream Flood Advisory for the following counties through Friday morning, and may then be continued.
Linn County
Eastern Benton County
Central Lane County
Eastern Polk County
Clackamas County
Multnomah County
Eastern Yamhill County
Marion County
SW Washington:
Western Skamania County
Clark County in SW Washington
Northern Wahkiakum County
Pacific County
Cowlitz County
Thursday night, Doppler radar and automated rain gauged indicate that heavy rain continues to fall across the Willamette Valley and Interstate 5 corridor in SW Washington, as well as into the Cascade foothills. Heavy rain will continue through around 3 a.m. Friday, in addition to the several inches that have already fallen today. This may bring minor urban and small stream flooding through early Friday morning and create additional minor transportation issues on area highways and roads.
Most flood deaths occur in automobiles!
Never drive your vehicle into areas where the water covers the roadway. Flood waters are usually deeper than they appear. Just one foot of flowing water is powerful enough to sweep vehicles off the road.
When encountering flooded roads make the smart choice: Turn around - Don't Drown.
Excessive runoff from heavy rainfall will cause ponding of water in urban areas, on highways, streets and underpasses as well as other poor drainage areas and low lying spots.
Do not attempt to travel across flooded roads. Find alternate routes. It takes only a few inches of swiftly flowing water to carry vehicles away.
Landslides and debris flows are possible during this flood event. People, structures and roads located below steep slopes, in canyons and near the mouths of canyons may be at serious risk from rapidly moving landscapes.
_________________________________________
Sports are a large part of everyone's childhood, regardless if you choose to pursue them later on in life. For most kids, their parents put them in sports at a young age. To teach them teamwork and how to make friends. Athletic ability is not something that everyone is born with, but when you are it truly is a blessing.
Depending on whichever sport you grew up playing, every person had the one sport they loved. We also have all had that one sport we were absolutely terrible at as well. For myself, between soccer and softball, they were not a match made in heaven for a little pudgy girl with asthma.
But when it came to competitive dance and cheerleading that was where I thrived. I have always been an outgoing person and was never afraid of big crowds. I absolutely loved performing and competing from the age of six too seventeen it was my entire world.
I never realized how cheerleading really shaped the worldview I had for myself and the standards I held myself too. In high school, wearing my uniform to school every Friday I felt under a microscope constantly. There was a consistent need to be "put together" because everyone saw me in a certain light.
Being around such a glamorous sport there were so many standards that I always felt like I needed to meet. Especially, having to fit into my uniform, or my gymnastics leotard everyone saw every curve. Which meant, I needed to be skinny or thin because cheerleaders are not allowed to be above a size five.
It was not until I started playing rugby until I really became incredibly comfortable in my own skin. I did not realize that the number on the scale or your pant size did not matter. Having my teammates push me to lift more, run faster, and tackle harder has been incredibly empowering.
For the sport of cheerleading, it is about the make-up and the way you look because you are a spirit leader. It is crucial for you to lead your school in its pride. But having to hold up pride came with so much pressure.
Eventually, after suffering from an injury from gymnastics, my love for that part of my life was over. After eleven years of dedicating myself to competing in cheerleading, I was just tired. I did not want that pressure anymore. The idea of going to college where nobody had expectations for me, was incredibly refreshing.
I came to GCU with the mindset I could be anyone or anything I wanted to be. So, a year later I decided to become a rugby player. These girls that I met, did not care what I looked like. There were no expectations and no pressure because we all had the same purpose of going to practice. We all genuinely wanted to learn how to play the sport of rugby.
Even at team bonding events, they would mess around with me because I was always "dressed up". For myself, I always felt the need to dress my best because I did not want any judgment. But they truly did not care because all they wanted was to get to know me.
There is no better feeling than having my sisters around me after practice and being able to share laughs. Between the grass stains on our knees and ugly bruises its a family. Being a part of the rugby culture is unlike any sisterhood I have ever experienced on any team I have been on.
Looking back to that girl four years ago, I wish she did not feel so much pressure to be perfect. Who I am now, is confident. I am confident in my abilities to allow people to see my true self without all the make-up and blonde highlights. I think it is important to get dressed and feel your best, but never let it define who you are.
Let people see you for your beliefs and your truth you decide to live out. Nevertheless, be your best for you because everyone owes that to themselves.
AUSTIN — Gov. Greg Abbott on Tuesday ordered the Texas State Guard to monitor federal military exercises in the state, responding to citizen fears, stoked by online conspiracy theories, that the maneuvers are a ruse to impose martial law.
Operation Jade Helm 15 is a large-scale training operation scheduled for elite military forces, such as the Navy SEALS and Green Berets. The operation will involve about 1,200 personnel operating in Southwestern states including Texas from July 15 to Sept. 15.
Fears about the exercise have roiled for weeks online. Several websites, videos and Twitter users have argued that it is really a federal takeover of hostile states, including the confiscation of guns.
To address those concerns, Abbott instructed Maj. Gen. Gerald “Jake” Betty, commander of the Texas State Guard, to keep a watch over the exercises and help keep local law enforcement agencies and their citizens informed.
“During the training operation, it is important that Texans know their safety, constitutional rights, private property rights and civil liberties will not be infringed,” Abbott told Betty in a letter Tuesday.
A U.S. military spokeswoman said “we cannot speculate on the public response to this exercise,” and declined to react to Abbott's use of the state guard. “The Texas State Guard stands ready to serve the state and governor when called upon,” she said.
The Texas Democratic Party questioned the judgment of Abbott, a Republican, for giving countenance to questions about the military's integrity and credence to “the most extreme right” aspects of his party.
“If the governor truly respects the men and women of our armed forces, both national and Texan, he shouldn't make public policy and operational decisions on the basis of tea party Internet chatter or the rants of conspiracy theorists,” said party spokesman Manny Garcia.
In his letter to Betty, Abbott praised the armed forces. “The action I take today comes with the recognition of Texas' long history of supporting our military forces,” he said.
Suspicions voiced
A spokeswoman for Abbott said the governor's response was prompted by a meeting Monday, where Lt. Col. Mark Lastoria, Jade Helm command spokesman, attended a Bastrop County Commissioners Court meeting near Austin to answer questions.
He was met with high suspicions from about 150 who attended. Under questioning, he sought to dispel fears that foreign fighters from the Islamic State were being brought in or that Texans' guns would be confiscated, according to a report in the Austin American-Statesman.
Lastoria was forced to refute that martial law was underfoot and said misinformation has been spread by those with a “personal agenda” against the Obama administration.
“You may have issues with the administration. So be it. But this institution right here has been with you for over 200 years,” he was quoted as saying. “I've worn this uniform across five different administrations for 27 years.”
Some of the alarm has been fueled by radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, who has sent out warnings for weeks that the U.S. military was positioning itself to take over the states and declare martial law.
Asked whether the governor was reacting to paranoia, press secretary Amelia Chasse called it “not a fair characterization.”
She declined to say whether Abbott feels the fears are justified. “He's addressing concerns expressed by Texas citizens that are looking for more information about the factors of the operation and have expressed safety concerns about property rights and civil liberties,” Chasse said.
The order calls for communication and coordination, not a deployment, so no additional costs are expected.
In a news release and public statements, the military has said Jade Helm will be a different operation because its scope will include “core special warfare tasks,” and its personnel will operate covertly mixing in with the public.
Operation in 5 states
The operation — to be conducted in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah and Colorado — is designed to keep special forces abreast of the changing warfare environment. Some elements could take place in California and Nevada.
“The public can expect nothing much different from their day-to-day activities since much of the exercise will be conducted in remote areas,” the military said in its March 24 announcement of the operation.
All activities will be undertaken with the permission of private landowners, state and local authorities, officials vow.
“In essence, all exercise activity will be taking place on pre-coordinated public and private lands,” the announcement stated.
We hope you weren't basing your calendar around Google's big Android event on October 29th. The company has confirmed to us that it's postponing the event to an as yet undetermined point in the future due to Hurricane Sandy, whose East coast arrival will follow so closely before the New York City gathering that Google isn't willing to take the chance on its big day. If you're experiencing a sense of déja vu, you're not alone -- Google delayed last year's event revealing the Galaxy Nexus out of respect for the late Steve Jobs. While it's not what we'd call an auspicious start to Google's holiday launches, we can at least hope for an abundance of riches when the company is ready once again. The full statement waits below.
"We are canceling our Monday morning event in New York due to Hurricane Sandy. We will let you know our plans as soon as we know more."
Australian map shows where species are moving to find their optimal temperature, with some animals facing extinction
Climate-change map shows how plants and animals will need new homes
Australian animals and plants will increasingly have to find new homes in the coming decades due to climate change, according to research used to create new maps of how local conditions are changing.
The Nature study, by the CSIRO and an international team of scientists, illustrates areas where species are moving to find their optimal temperature, with some animals faced with the stark scenario of dying out if they are unable to move.
Research of land and sea surface temperature from 1960 and 2009 shows these changes are already taking place, with the CSIRO's map highlighting that shifting climate conditions are most pronounced in central and eastern Australia, covering swathes of Queensland, as well as north-west Western Australia.
Arrows on the maps show the flow of localised condition changes, with blue areas indicating areas of significant change and pink areas showing “corridors” where animals and plants may be able to move through to more favourable conditions.
“Sink” areas, in orange, show where the movement of land-based species is likely to hit a dead end, by reaching a coastline or mountain range.
Most altered conditions will take place inland, with the study warning of “considerable climate migration” from the crucial Murray Darling Basin region, which produces about a third of Australia's food.
Marine areas are already undergoing significant change, with warming waters and a strengthening of the east Australian current allowing long-spined sea urchins, previously not found further south than NSW, to invade the east coast of Tasmania. This has had adverse effects on kelp and, as a result, rock lobsters.
Researchers looked at scenarios involving further temperature increases and found that areas affected by species migration would enlarge over the coming decades.
“We expect there will be corridors where climate migrants will move through to find their preferred environment,” research co-author Dr Elvira Poloczanska, of the CSIRO, told Guardian Australia.
“These new pathways may not be connected to suitable areas, meaning that species will have to move on further or stay and adapt quite rapidly.
“Even though the patterns of shifting climate stay the same, the areas of change are increasing in size. We are already seeing changes. Worryingly, in places like the Great Australian Bight, the survival pathways are moving offshore, which is obviously a problem for land-based animals.”
Poloczanska's colleague, CSIRO ecologist Kristen Williams, told Guardian Australia the mapping work was a risk assessment for species Australia may lose as temperatures increase.
“Many species are already at their thermal limits, especially in interior areas,” she said. “We need to look closer at which ones are vulnerable and whether they have potential niches to move into, such as cooler gullies or other ways to shelter from the weather.
“Species have mechanisms to adapt but it's clear we aren't going to have everything existing where it currently is.”
Williams said the maps showed the broad temperature change influencing species distribution but other factors, such as water availability and extreme weather, would also prove crucial in survival.
“Extreme events will impact particular populations, such as extended droughts,” she said. “The climatic trend shows that animals will look for cooler habitats, which is more towards coastal areas, nearer the cooling influence of the ocean.
“But if you're a land-based species, there's only so far you can go. That's where we may have to make some hard decisions and intervene, to get these animals over the barriers.”
Last year, the CSIRO released a study which looked at how to relocate animals displaced due to climate change.
Species such as the koala and the mountain pygmy possum are considered particularly vulnerable to a changing climate, with scientists warning that Australia's average temperature could rise by 4C by 2100 unless urgent action is taken to reduce carbon emissions.
The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine strongly condemned the targeting of the cars and homes of multiple leaders of the Fateh movement in Gaza in the morning of November 7, and the platform for the upcoming rally in memory of Yasser Arafat, saying that this is a dangerous development that tends to redirect the Palestinian struggle from the primary conflict with the Zionist enemy.
The Front called on all forces to uphold their responsibilities in upholding Palestinian unity and addressing these criminal acts. Furthermore, the Front called for “cutting the road” to the underlying objectives, including mobilizing the Palestinian arena for resistance to the Zionist aggressive projects that are escalating in Jerusalem and all of Palestine.
The Front also called on the security forces in Gaza to act quickly and thoroughly to uncover the perpetrators and hold them accountable.
In addition, the Front held a meeting of the National and Islamic Forces, including both Fateh and Hamas, at its office in Gaza City, which formed a national committee to follow the course of the investigation and the prosecution and trial of the perpetrators. It also urged the national reconciliation government to convene in Gaza as scheduled.
American Express, through its venture capital arm American Express Ventures, is looking to use its recent investment in bitcoin remittance startup Abra's $12m Series A as a way to more closely observe the digital currency industry and the technology behind it.
AmEx Ventures managing partner Harshul Sanghi told CoinDesk in a recent interview that, for the 165-year old company, it's too soon to predict how it might leverage the technology or what use cases might take shape.
“It's very, very early days for us, right? And … we get to explore and see how the space is going to evolve,” he said.
In the meantime, AmEx will “test the waters” through its work with Abra, and in return, provide resources and advice to the startup.
Sanghi left the door open to support for bitcoin by American Express, stating:
“Let's see what currencies are important and we'll transact in the currencies that our customers want to transact in.”
However, he suggested other applications of the blockchain are more at the forefront of the company's mind than bitcoin itself.
“As we watch the digital currency industry develop, we have seen that blockchain technology and the distributed ledger can play an important role in shaping the future,” said Sanghi.
He thinks AmEx may consider making other investments in the digital currency space, tying such a prospect to how the technology progresses.
“I think as the technology continues to evolve, as others have in the past, we will look to see and make investments as appropriate and as relevant for us and our businesses,” the partner said.
Sanghi went on to say the user experience of the Abra app was a draw for American Express, reiterating that the company's investment gives it a platform to explore the technology further.
“We think they have a unique platform in the way they're leveraging the blockchain technology, and their goal market and how they're looking to move forward,” he said. “And we think it was a good investment, a good company to partner with and see how the space evolves.”
Image Source: Nadalina / Shutterstock.com
It looks like Alien: Covenant ‘s world premiere will be taking place on the 5th of May in London! This information comes via a Charitybuzz auction which is offering American Alien fans with some cash behind them a chance to fly to and watch the premiere!
“You and a guest can fly first class to London from anywhere in the US (excluding Hawaii and Alaska) to attend the World Premiere of Alien: Covenant.”
Charitybuzz are a company that raises funds for nonprofit organisations and in this case, the “British Academy of Film and Television Arts, Los Angeles.” At the time of writing, the current bid is at $8000 with an estimated value of $10,000.
Prometheus' world premiere also took place in London several weeks prior to the film's official release date on the 31st of May 2012 and was live streamed online via the official Prometheus website.
Thanks to Stolen for the link. Keep a close eye on Alien vs. Predator Galaxy for the latest on Alien: Covenant! You can follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to get the latest on your social media walls. You can also join in with fellow Alien fans on our forums!
Correction – The premiere will actually be taking place on the 4th of May and Alien vs. Predator Galaxy will be in attendance.
It was a high-drama week of big, anonymously-sourced anti-Trump scoops, and taxpayer-funded National Public Radio was ready to built momentum for impeachment. Its "Week in Review" panelists presented Trump as a crappy criminal, his team a "crew of vipers," and the American people by a "vast majority" wanting to end Trump's days in the White House. All this unanimity about Trump's extreme awfulness came on Friday's All Things Considered [The Fakest Title Ever].
DAVID BROOKS: To me, the story of today, you know, we used to have a better class of criminal. When a president obstructed justice, he didn't brag about it. He would try to hide it, cover it up a little. But Donald Trump not only went on national TV and said he was trying to quash this investigation, he's apparently told our adversaries, the Russians. And so I really don't know if he's obstructed justice, but he is certainly bragging about it as if he did. ARI SHAPIRO, anchor: I mean, you use the phrase better class of criminal almost jokingly, but, E.J., do you believe there's criminality here? Is that what the signs are pointing to? E.J. DIONNE: I think we're getting close to that. I mean, it is really striking, this story that came out just now a few - a little while ago from The New York Times has Trump very explicitly saying that he got rid of Comey because he regarded him as a, quote, "nut job" and because he was getting in the way of his rapprochement with Russia.
Brooks painted a picture of "dozens and dozens of anonymous attacks" from within Trump's own disloyal staff making up "squads of Deep Throats," because Watergate analogies are apparently required:
BROOKS: I'd say what's extraordinary to me is that the White House staff has turned on the president in a big way. Not only dozens and dozens of anonymous attacks on the president for being clueless, for being sloppy, for being narcissistic from the staff, but The New York Times story today - and I have not talked to the reporters about it - is based on a series of leaks from the White House staff, from papers that were spread around the senior levels of the White House. And so that means you not only have some Deep Throat deep in the administration somewhere as happened in Watergate, it seems like there are squads of Deep Throats. And so that's something we've just not seen before. SHAPIRO: And that seems likely to accelerate as things look worse and worse for the president, right? DIONNE: Well, what you seem to have are people in the White House who are worried for the Republic, who worry about Trump.
Brooks suggested the Trump staff was a "crew of vipers," which sounds a bit like Jesus calling the scribes and the Pharisees a "brood of vipers."
BROOKS: Nixon actually had quite a good administrative staff by the time Watergate hit, so the government could sort of go on and function, but nobody in their right mind is now going to want to join the crew of vipers over there in the Trump administration. So that's going to be an empty, dysfunctional administration no matter what else happens with the investigation.
Dionne suggested a "vast majority" is ready for the Trump presidency to be over. Democratic pollsters are asking the I-question, and Public Policy Polling insisted it was 48 percent for impeachment, 41 against.
DIONNE: I've been looking pretty carefully at the polls. And I think that when you're talking about a quarter of the country, 25 percent, who are true hardcore Trump holdouts, I think a vast majority of the country might be ready to see this end. You're going to need the evidence to push him out so you don't have that kind of backlash, but I think Republicans are going to have to start thinking about, can we govern this way? Can we go on like this much longer?
Dionne concluded the segment by suggesting the leftists will be looking to criminalize Vice President Pence next, and then impeach him, perhaps: "And now you have a new question which we never asked before, what did the vice president know, and when did he know it? Because now there's focus on what Mike Pence knew about Michael Flynn and all that."
By contrast, the PBS NewsHour chat with Brooks and Mark Shields was negative, but was far less full of invective than this NPR segment. Neither interviewer asked Brooks about his new column titled "When the World Is Led by a Child," where he insisted "mentally, Trump is a seven year old boy who is bouncing around the room." But Shapiro just accepts the crappy "criminal" reference, the "crew of vipers" reference, la dee dah. So why would they question the mean-spirited hyperbole?
Remember where you heard it first, the Las Vegas rapper BBknight is rap next biggest trend …
this is kind of a rhetorical question for us, since we intimately know that there is that special thing about him. Searching the web for hours can be super boring at time and so rewarding at others. Like finally finding the identity of the smoking wood rapper just to realize that he would be one of this year the biggest revelation.
And this time, I think web monitoring has been kind of rewarding as it led us to a newcomer that goes by the name of BB Knight.
First you have to be wondering: ‘what type of clickbait this article is?' but unfortunately not. A super-duper flow and a taste for swaged-out clothes, the Las Vegas rapper could in the next few days turn out to be the biggest trend in the industry (XXL will soon publish an article about him as they monitor our webzine).
Alike his predecessors, the young Emcee follow the trends and codes dictated by the scene his own way. You could easily compare him to Playboi Carti & Tay-K but Lil Knight has his own blueprint and has a secret weapon too …
The Secret Weapon
Thing gets a bit complicated but that's how we first heard of BB Knight. Two days ago, Lil Xan released his brand new videoclip ‘Xanarchy'. Since it was released through WSHH, we were stunned by the new level of post-production effects on the video and assume that it was done by the great Cole Benneth, so we pursued our investigation on Lyrical Lemonade official website just to realize that it was him that produced the super dope video but somebody he was praising the work extensively. And his name is LoneWolf. Check his work here.
his style use paper collage, filters, layering with drop down shadow and many other technics that surprisingly recall the general mood of Cole's videos without copying it.
But it doesn't stop here …
If you go back to earlier 2017, every track delivered is sonically mature in comparison to his young age and as discussed in multiple articles, there is no particular ‘window' in which an artist will blow up due to the high virality of internet's giant algorythm.
It was, finally, the moment Democrats have been waiting for: Former Secretary Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders facing off one-on-one, unencumbered by extraneous candidates and audience questions. Last night's MSNBC debate crackled with heat, as the two candidates stood very close to each other on stage and made their case to the watching public, answering questions from moderators Rachel Maddow and Chuck Todd. It led to both candidates becoming their most provocative—Clinton was forceful and dismissive, while Sanders was stern and evasive. The first hour exacerbated the tension between them, as both candidates seemed to entrench in their worldviews, no matter how unpopular. The two bickered over the definition of the word “progressive”—it comes from the word “progress,” did you know?—and of whom, exactly, is part of the “establishment.” As I observed yesterday, during the CNN Democratic Town Hall, both Sanders and Clinton were attempting to finesse compromises (or the semblance thereof) between polar opposites, the rhetorical equivalent of walking the plank. But debates are about differentiation, and primaries are about being choosy, so here we stood, watching mom and dad argue after dinner as if the whole state of the free world depended on it.
Things got kind of intense. They dug into each other's differences, trying to make sound untrue what is patently obvious to the outside observer: Sanders is a stubborn college professor, obsessively dedicated to principle; Clinton is a bureaucrat's bureaucrat, doggedly focused on process. And frankly, neither candidate is served by a debate. This isn't an election where adulation for a candidate's ideology swept the other nominees, à la then-Senator Barack Obama in 2008. This is an election between two pragmatic, prickly politicians, two grandparents who have been in public service for decades. Debates make them fighters. And while this head-to-head match-up was long overdue, the first segment of the debate was honestly exhausting to watch, especially after the introspection of the informal town hall. Perhaps the Democratic party is just a little too bleeding-heart to revel in the bloodsport of two strong liberal politicians trying to take each other down, but it certainly seemed that every attack made from one candidate to the other looked mostly bad for that candidate; when Clinton railed against Sanders for his “artful smear” of her politics, she was booed, and when Sanders dismissed Clinton as a shill of the establishment, he dismissed for the obvious fact that a woman candidate for president is a revolution in and of itself.
Advertisement:
Process and principle sparred again and again, and moderators Maddow and Todd did well to let the two speak while also finding incisive, specific questions to address to each. It's difficult for any moderator to hold a candle to Rachel Maddow, but especially when grilling both liberal candidates, she dazzled. She directed a question to Sanders that struck to the heart of the practical difficulties of his platform—asking him how he planned to work with the corporations that advanced progressive agendas, those corporations that had to be dealt with to pass the Affordable Healthcare Act, for example. She asked Clinton for the chance to see the transcripts of those Goldman Sachs speeches. Maddow asked Sanders how he really intended to win the presidency as, essentially, a third-party candidate. And she asked Clinton to justify how she still considered herself a viable candidate, multiple scandals into her career. If Sanders and Clinton were bickering, last night, over the custody of the American people, Maddow was the impish child playing them against each other; indeed, the night's most heated exchanges came as a result of her pointed questioning.
Which might be why about halfway through the debate, the tension of night noticeably defused. Maybe Sanders and Clinton wised up to Maddow's game; maybe it was too late in the day, and too late in the campaign trail, to waste so much energy on being angry on television. Of course Clinton's farther right than Sanders; come the general election, she's going to be trying to appear moderate. Of course Sanders' policies will be a bit harder to enact than Clinton's; he is, in his own words, literally instigating a revolution.
The segment on foreign policy allowed the candidates to take a breather; Clinton immediately was more confident, going over her area of expertise, and diverted from his primary issue of capitalism, Sanders was a bit of a wallflower, allowing for some breathing room in the discussion. By the time Todd and Maddow returned to discussing the scandals of the campaign, both candidates seemed like they'd gotten the sparring out of their system. A question about Clinton's emails elicited a steadfastly neutral response from Sanders: “There's not a day that goes by when I am not asked to attack her on that issue, and I have refrained from doing that and I will continue to refrain from doing that.” And when Maddow asked Clinton if she wanted 30 seconds to discuss an allegedly misleading advertisement from the Sanders campaign, Clinton just stared a bit, with an exasperation she deployed well at the Benghazi hearings, and then simply responded, “No.”
It was a very parental “no.” Final, but with some warmth attached. And it indicated a deep respect for either the other candidate or for the optics of cooperation, which often are exactly the same. I think that Sanders and Clinton have real issues with each other, but I also think that neither Sanders nor Clinton really want to fight with each other, and at the end of the day, despite the whiz-bang of the zingers, neither do we. Beyond the artificial dichotomy of the debate, Sanders and Clinton are all we've got—two viable candidates against a stack of wildcards that are still funded and still in the race over on the other team. Of course, calling them Mom and Dad is reductive and gender-essentialist; I am being a little facetious. But there's a certain degree of unearned faith I'm pinning on both that is the same desperate confidence we all invest in our parents, when we need to believe them when they say that they will keep us safe from danger. And it's not just me that feels it. As is the habit of kids everywhere, Todd rushed into the awkward camaraderie between the candidates with a too-soon, too-intimate question.
Secretary Clinton, you've made it clear when you look at Senator Sanders, you do not see a president, but do you see … do you see a vice president? [Clinton laughs.] Would you unite the party by trying to pick Senator Sanders as your running mate?
There's no better evidence of the Democratic Party's desperate desire for a united front against the looming specter of loony Republicans than this question, the political equivalent of politely asking mom and dad if they will get back together. The debate was revealing, but the questions were even more so; arguments about how to arrange the deck chairs gave way to the realization that the Titanic is sinking. Sanders quipped, “On our worst days, I think it is fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate.” The crowd cheered. And after closing statements, when Maddow and Todd said goodbye to the candidates, Maddow made sure to hug each.
Overview (4)
Born March 11, 1971 in Knoxville, Tennessee, USA Birth Name Philip John Clapp Nicknames Johnny Jackass
PJ
JJ Knoxville Height 6' 1" (1.85 m)
Mini Bio (1)
Johnny Knoxville was born on March 11, 1971 in Knoxville, Tennessee, USA as Philip John Clapp. He is a writer and producer, known for Bad Grandpa (2013), The Dukes of Hazzard (2005) and The Ringer (2005). He has been married to Naomi Nelson since September 24, 2010. They have two children. He was previously married to Melanie Lynn Cates.
Spouse (2)
trademark (3)
His distinct and infectious laugh
Aviator sunglasses
Black high-top Converse All Stars
Trivia (27)
Attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in Pasadena, California.
At age of eight had flu, pneumonia, and bronchitis all at same time and nearly died.
Suffers from asthma.
His dad sells used cars.
Was writing for a skateboarding magazine called Big Brother when he did a story about self-defense equipment, which he tried on himself while Jeff Tremaine (editor for Big Brother) filmed it. These led to the Big Brother Videos Shit, Number Two, and Boob, which helped raise the profile for LandSpeed presents: CKY, CKY2K, and CKY3, which were all produced by Bam Margera.
Grew up in southern Knoxville, Tennessee.
His ex-wife Melanie is from Texas and is a clothing designer. They have a daughter named Madison, born in 1996.
There was a bidding war between Comedy Central and MTV over Johnny. MTV won, thus Jackass (2000) was born.
He, along with the soon-to-be Jackass crew, was offered a spot on Saturday Night Live (1975), but turned it down. Later, on May 7, 2005, he hosted the show.
Was knocked unconscious three times during making of Jackass: The Movie (2002).
Won his role in Grand Theft Parsons (2003) after Hugh Jackman had to drop out due to prior commitments.
Has a scar on his scalp from getting a punch from professional super-heavyweight boxer "Butterbean" during a segment of Jackass: The Movie (2002).
Has his own production company, Dickhouse Productions, which co-produces most of his productions (e.g. Jackass).
Attended South-Young High School in Knoxville, Tennessee
Was listed as a potential nominee on the 2006 Razzie Award nominating ballot. He was suggested in the Worst Actor category for his roles in the films Daltry Calhoun (2005), The Dukes of Hazzard (2005) and The Ringer (2005), however, he failed to receive a nomination.
Is an avid Johnny Cash fan.
He is friends with heavyweight fighter Eric "Butterbean" Esch. At the Larry Holmes v. Butterbean fight in 2002, he autographed fight promoter Frank Azzalina's model - daughter Stephanie Amaya 's evening gown.
Was able to make friends with two of his heroes, Johnny Cash and Hunter S. Thompson , before their respective deaths, even buying a cabin and other possessions from Cash.
He and his girlfriend, Naomi Nelson, became the parents of a boy, Rocko Akira Clapp, on December 20, 2009, in Los Angeles. Rocko weighed in at 8 pounds and measured 20 inches.
Appeared twice on the cover of GQ magazine: September '03 and August '05.
Second child with wife, Naomi Nelson, a daughter named Arlo, born October 6, 2011.
He has his daughter's name Madison tattooed on his chest.
He has English, and some German and Scots-Irish/Northern Irish, ancestry (his parents' surnames, Clapp and Houck, are both of German origin). His family has lived in the American South for many generations.
He played football when he was in elementary and middle school. He also played football and baseball when he was in high school.
In December 2015, Collider announced that he would reprise the role of Leonardo (voice only) in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows (2016). But, seemingly without explanation, Knoxville was excluded in favor of actor Pete Ploszek performing both the mo-cap and voice of the character. Knoxville has since claimed that he was never contacted regarding this decision.
Personal Quotes (8)
People think by challenging me they're going to show they're tough. But I'm not tough. Decent drinker. Not such a bad kisser. But not a great fighter.
It's a real primal thing, watching someone get hurt. It's funny and accessible.
I just love that spirit that makes people do things that they probably shouldn't.
I should quit, but man we have so much fun.
You can tell it's good if you light it and a blue flame comes up; that means it's good moonshine and it won't make you go blind.
Bo and Luke are essentially good guys. They're just reckless as all hell. Mean as snakes, but in a good way.
[when asked why he did not reprise the role of Leonardo in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows (2016)] I have no idea! I'm like why am I not doing the voiceover for this? I don't know what happened. But I wish them all the luck in the world.
If you're not failing at something, you're not trying hard enough. Failing is part of it. You know, if you're not trying hard enough to even fail then I think you're in trouble... because that, you know, teaches you more.
Salary (1)
A group of Republican and Democrat senators teamed up on Tuesday to block the United States from completing part of a major arms deal with Saudi Arabia, but fell short of the votes they needed on the Senate floor.
Sens. Rand Paul, R-Ky., and Chris Murphy, D-Conn., introduced a resolution disapproving of President Trump's plan to sell Saudi Arabia $510 million of precision-guided munitions, which make up a portion of the $110 billion deal Trump announced during his visit there.
The Senate failed to advance the resolution in a 47-53 vote, although supporters of the measure picked up new support since they last tried to block a similar deal last year. Last September, the Senate voted 26-71 to defeat similar language that opposed a $1.15 billion deal Saudi Arabia reached with the Obama administration.
This time around, however, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., joined Paul and Murphy to vote for the measure, along with many other Democrats.
Tuesday's vote followed a string of floor speeches from lawmakers criticizing Saudi Arabia over a broad range of human rights issues, in particular the nation's treatment of Yemen, where a humanitarian crisis is raging and where its weapons are likely to be aimed.
Paul displayed a large poster depicting a starving Yemeni child while he called on fellow lawmakers to back his resolution.
"We will force this vote for these children in Yemen because we have a chance today to stop the carnage," Paul said. "We have a chance to tell Saudi Arabia, we've had enough."
Paul also cited evidence of Saudi involvement in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and called it "the number one exporter of jihadist philosophy the number one exporter of ‘let's hate America.'''
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., was among the few supporting the sale publicly on the floor. He argued the United States should provide weapons support to the Saudis because they are a key U.S. ally and are fighting against Iranian expansion.
"It is absolutely essential that the Saudi air force get these weapons to win the fight against the aggressive nature of Iran and Yemen and other places," Graham said.
Graham chastised Democrats who supported the resolution, and noted that many of them backed a different arms deal when it was proposed in September by Obama.
"What's changed between Sept. 21 and today?" Graham asked in his floor speech. "Nothing other than the election of Donald Trump. Everything Trump you seem to be against. That is disappointing and frankly despicable."
Murphy denied the motives were political and said the weapons deal proposed by Obama was different.
Murphy said there is evidence that the Saudis have been targeting water treatment facilities in their bombing campaign of Yemen. He said the attacks on Yemen are "not going well" and are also "hurting the United States," which is being blamed for the bombing campaign.
Murphy said the Senate should hold off on the sale, "until we get clear assurances from the Saudis that they are going to use the weapons only for military purposes," and will begin to address the humanitarian crisis in Yemen.
I blogged yesterday about the evidence presented by a BBC documentary that Cardinal Seán Brady, when tasked with investigating some child abuse, was given a list of other children being abused and did nothing about it.
I did not expect to return to the topic so soon, and yet here I am again … why? Well, Mr Brady has been offering more excuses.
His latest claim is this …
“It is my view that the World programme has set out to deliberately exaggerate and misrepresent my role in these events. “In the course of the programme a number of claims were made which overstate and seriously misrepresent my role in a Church Inquiry in 1975 into allegations against the Norbertine priest Fr Brendan Smyth. “The commentary in the programme and much of the coverage of my role in this inquiry gives the impression that I was the only person who knew of the allegations against Brendan Smyth at that time and that because of the office I hold in the church today I somehow had the power to stop Brendan Smyth in 1975.”
Having watched the program in question myself, specific things are quite clear …
At no point did they imply that he was alone and the only one conducting the 1975 investigation
He claims he had no power to stop the abuser – really!!! … what a truly outrageous lie that is, all he needed to do was pick up the phone and tip off the police. If worried about his position, it could be an anonymous tip
Ask yourself this, if you knew child abuse was taking place, if you were in fact given a list of the names and addresses of the children, then how could you possibly in good conscience do nothing at all (except gag the victims) and allow the abuse to simply carry on. Any claim, such as “I was just there taking notes”, cuts him no slack in my eyes, that's akin the the getaway driver claiming the robbery was nothing to do with him because he never went inside the bank.
Last night Garry O'Sullivan, editor of the Irish Catholic, (a chap who usually attacks secular folks) wrote in the evening Herald …
Some conservative voices are saying the cardinal is a victim of the culture of secrecy that existed in the Church. But it was that culture that rewarded the ambitious Fr Brady, raising him to very high office and giving him the red hat over his rival in Dublin, Archbishop Martin. If he was a victim, he got well rewarded for playing the game.
…
What was also clear in his performance on RTE yesterday was the lack of any emotion or human sentiment for victims.
We now also have Eamon Gilmore, Ireland's deputy prime minister, saying …
“I've always believed in the separation of church and state,” Gilmore said. “I think it is the job of government and of the state to enact our laws and to ensure that those laws apply to everybody whether they belong to a church or not. “But it is my own personal view that anybody who did not deal with the scale of the abuse that we have seen in this case should not hold a position of authority.”
In fact we even have Martin McGuinness (yes “That” McGuinness), the ex-IRA man who is now Northern Ireland's deputy first minister, calling for him to step down. When IRA terrorists are suggesting you have been a bit of an immoral git, then it really is time to quit.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Skype
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
6 Reasons Why Twitter is the Future of Search – Google Beware
This past week the tech world was abuzz with news of Twitter incorporating search functionality into its site. What this means is that you can now easily obtain trending data for popular keywords, take a deeper look at the topics people are talking about in real time, and find answers to pressing questions that others have already written about. So is this really significant? It depends on who you ask. Some think that Twitter is a Google killer while others argue that Twitter isn't even a search engine at all.
Regardless of which side of the fence you stand, there's no doubt that Twitter has a bright future with its eyes set on the search market. In fact, Twitter continues to receive millions in funding and recently turned down a $500 million offer from Facebook because of its planned business model of Q&A features and search ads. Who knew status updates could be so valuable? Meanwhile, Facebook has been adding Twitter-like features to try and keep up…
So really, what's the big deal about Twitter? Isn't it just a social media site used to socialize with friends? Eric Schmidt, CEO of Google, goes as far as to call it the “poor man's email system”. But the people who really get it understand the huge potential that lies within Twitter. Not only is it a way to connect and interact with others, but it also represents a huge pool of information based on everyday human life that's ready to be mined to extract real value. Adding search functionality is just the first step in this process.
Not to mention that Twitter already has an impressive track record with various uses. For example, it helped President Barack Obama with his presidential campaign, got a student out of an Egyptian jail, documented plane crashes in real time, and made Dell a million dollars. Twitter has a huge cultish following and is promoted through a grassroots movement that we haven't seen since…well, the beginning of Google.
Despite all of the hype, Twitter is still in its infancy and it'll be years, maybe even a decade, before it develops the technology to accurately display search results and put a dent in Google's market share. But regardless of all that, the point I want to make in this article is that Twitter has what it takes to get there. In other words, Twitter represents the future of search. Still not convinced? Let me explain…
6 Reasons Why Twitter is the Future of Search
1. Takes social to a whole new level
Twitter is essentially a continuous conversation that takes place online between millions of people. Imagine the insights you could gain if you were able to record and search through everyone's conversations. Of course, it's a lot less creepy than that but that's the kind of tool Twitter is becoming as more and more people take part and share parts of their lives. Twitter search is the ultimate social media platform and will enable people to get the opinions of others and add context to relevant information. Searchers don't just want facts. They want to learn more about the experiences of real people they can relate to.
For example, rather than doing a search in Google for “best restaurants in new york” and getting a bunch of review sites, you can do a search on Twitter to see which restaurants people are talking about in New York. If you don't like the results, you can easily ask your network and get personalized answers in real time – which will then show up in future searches on the same topic.
Compare that to Google. They've been unsuccessful thus far in implementing social factors into the search results via Search Wiki. If you do a search in Google and can't find what you're looking for, what are you going to do? Probably ask around on Twitter.
2. Combats information overload
With millions of new web pages springing up every day on the Internet, who has the time or attention span to read through it all? We need filters, and that's what Twitter provides in 140 characters or fewer. Twitter is great for searching for quick information and even if you're looking for long articles, there are plenty of people who post links to relevant pages they like.
3. Real-time content
In this day and age, nobody wants to wait for anything. We live in a society where we get everything fast and can't stand for anything else. The same applies to information and news. Until recently, we had to wait for journalists to write up reports and publish them online. Google would then index the pages and show them in the search results, but not after at least a couple of hours. Good, but not good enough.
Twitter displays real time streams of news and information. There's no need to wait, and short of actually being there to experience the events, it's the next best thing. Twitter has been a great tool for people to broadcast news live from their laptops and mobile phones (e.g. plane crash rescue in the Hudson River).
4. Represents the masses
Twitter levels the playing field and gives everyone a voice online. In the “Twitterverse”, information is a lot more representative of the masses rather than of big corporations and personalities who manipulate people with their ideas. Power is transferred from the controllers of the web (e.g. Google, big news companies, powerful Wikipedia editors, online publishers) to millions of everyday social media users. We'd be able to rely less on big news sources and drill down to the micro level (i.e. experiences of individuals rather than just in aggregate).
5. More trustworthy results
A big advantage Twitter has over Google is that it has the potential to be both a social media platform and a search engine. Users have the option of getting answers from their network of people who they actually trust. On the other hand, Google gives you a page of links compiled by their quality algorithm. Sure, Google returns pretty good search results most of the time, but they're impersonal and sometimes irrelevant to what you really want. Getting in touch with your network via Twitter is the best way to get reliable information you can trust. For example, if you had a question about life in the NBA, would you rather ask Shaquille O'Neal on Twitter or type a question in Google?
6. Better targeted for location
How does Google know whether or not a page is relevant to a local geographic region? Unless the page is labeled correctly, Google has no idea. Twitter, on the other hand, can easily tie content to a location by using user profile settings or GPS (as technology advances on mobile phones). This in turn means more relevant information and ads in Twitter search.
So what are your thoughts on Twitter as a search engine? Does it have a chance to get in the ring with Google? Be sure to leave a comment with your thoughts and follow me @gyutae.
Tweet this post
Police say an Iowa City woman didn't react well to being told "no" Monday evening.
According to criminal complaints, Melissa Barbara Minarsich, 28, was accused of second-offense domestic abuse assault, an aggravated misdemeanor, for punching her boyfriend with whom she has an 8-month-old child. Minarsich was convicted of domestic abuse in 2009 as well
say they arrived at 10:24 p.m. at 131 Taft Speedway for a report of a woman who was out of control. Officers say they met the caller, Minarsich's boyfriend, at the scene, and he told them that she had damaged the outside of the house and hit him several times after he refused to have sex with her. He told police that despite being hit he was not injured.
Officers say then they spoke to Minarsich, who was still at the scene, and that she appeared intoxicated, strongly smelling of alcohol and having slurred speech. Police say Minarsich conceded that she had been in a fight with her boyfriend due to his refusal of sex.
"All I want is a piece of (expletive), is that too much to ask for?" she told police, according to the complaint.
As of Tuesday morning, Minarsich was being held in the on $5,000 bail.
Follow for more news.
Jacksonville Jaguars defensive tackle Terrance Knighton was expected to miss at the minimum three months of the Jaguars offseason program, and the general feeling was that he could miss more than that. Knighton had to undergo emergency eye surgery after an incident in a local nightclub. Knighton tweeted earlier in the week that he had gotten some great news from his eye doctor and has been back at the facility doing light work.
According to a source, Knighton could be cleared for full workouts soon and his recovery has been nothing short of miraculous. The source also tells me that the Jaguars could make an announcement on Knighton's recovery process and how well it's going sometime this week, likely on Tuesday before the start of the next round of OTAs.
There was a lot of initial fear about Knighton's injury potentially knocking him out for the season and threatening his career, but his surgery was successful and by all accounts his rehab has been going fantastic. As I get more information on his recovery process, I will update on his status.
It's one of the most important aspects of #DecisionDay: ensuring matches kick off at the same time.
But it's also tougher than you might think to pull off.
MLS league operations staff have hatched a plan to ensure every 5 pm ET and 7 pm ET match kicks off at the exact same time on Sunday — both in the first half and the second half.
To accomplish the feat, each home club will be assigning a staff member to be stationed next to the fourth official's table before the start of each match. That person will be on a conference call with the MLS Operations Center to listen to the countdown to first-half kick off given by Brent Delgado, MLS senior manager of operations.
Perfect plan, right? Well, there's one variable that complicates things when it gets closer to halftime: added time.
Referees in different cities may choose to decide to add different lengths of stoppage time, which would have the domino effect of staggering the kick off times for the second half.
Well, there's a plan for that, too.
“We're going to have that same dedicated staffer dial into the conference call no later than the 40th minute [of the first half] to confirm the amount of stoppage time as soon as it's announced,” Delgado told MLSsoccer.com. “If you have one to three minutes of stoppage time across the board, we're going to make sure all the games start the second half at the same time and we'll hold the matches that are running ahead.
“But if there's a severe injury or a severe weather delay and you have four minutes or more of stoppage time, then that match is going to be left behind, while the others start the second half simultaneously."
Just one more storyline to add to the #DecisionDay list.
In what can only be viewed as a desperate move to try to sway public opinion online after the second debate, which show Bernie Sanders ahead 50-60 percentage points in every poll between here and Neptune, Team Clinton hired a pollster to drop something immediately after the event ended.
Of course that poll has her ahead 67% to 20% for Sanders – you can laugh at it HERE
Now to be clear, many politicians hire pollsters to conduct polls to sometimes see where there strengths and their weaknesses are, even Bernie has hired a pollster. So that much isn't exactly news. But what is odd about this one is the disclosure that Correct The Record a Hillary Clinton SuperPAC paid for the poll and they are trying to pass it off as an accurate accounting of what happened on the debate stage on November 14, 2015 at Drake University.
Based on what we're seeing online, a huge amount of people are finally beginning to understand how the pollsters come up with their data. People are waking up to the fact that the numbers can be swayed heavily based on who is participating in the polls. This particular polling company Public Policy Polling has a history of using a lot of landline phones and for the polls on the Democratic side, they call people that are normally dyed-in-the-wool Democrats. And as we know, those people are not where most of Bernie's support comes from. Below is a screen shot of the poll. Gotta warn you though: This one is laughable.
See that name at the bottom of the poll? Correct The Record? In their own words this is why they exist: Correct The Record is a strategic research and rapid response team designed to defend Hillary Clinton from baseless attacks.
So this new after debate poll was in response to an attack on Clinton? An attack by whom? An informed American people that have had it up to here with business as usual?
No, what is actual is, is a desperate move by a camp that is feeling the heat from Bernie Sanders and his massive army of supporters thirsting for a political revolution.
Police have made an arrest after an armed man was seen walking around Manchester city centre with a crossbow and a knife.
Officers swooped on Great Ancoats Street at around 2.30pm today.
A man was detained and arrested and police used a Taser as they attempted to detain the man.
Posts on social media also appear to show the arrest of a man.
A GMP spokesman said: “Shortly after 2.30pm police were called to Tib Street in Manchester City Centre to reports that a man was walking around with a large crossbow and a knife.
“Armed officers attended and a 30-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of carrying offensive weapons.
“During the incident the man suffered an injury to his hand. He has been taken to hospital for treatment.
“A police cordon has now been put in place around a bag that the man was carrying.
“During the detainment, a Taser and a baton launcher was used by officers. As is standard practice, an automatic referral to GMP's Professional Standards Branch and the IPCC has been made.”
We'll bring you updates as we get them
The IGDA Foundation is excited to announce that applications for its IGDA Scholars, Women in Games Ambassadors, and Next Gen Leaders programs at GDC 2018 are OPEN!
Each program includes an All-Access GDC pass, thanks to the generosity of UBM Tech Media, a travel stipend, and a mentor selected especially for the participant. The programs also offer specific experiences for their participants.
The IGDA Scholars program, in its 17th year, is open to promising students, pursuing a degree in a field related to game development, from around the world. In addition to the pass, travel stipend, and mentor, participants enjoy exclusive developer Q&A sessions, studio tours, and an introduction to game development as a career.
The Women in Games Ambassadors program supports students from around the world who identify as women (cis/trans) or are non-binary or genderqueer, and who have graduated in the past six months or will be graduating in the next six months, in finding their first professional employment as a game developer. Designed to support all career goals, from employment at a AAA studio to working as an indie developer to starting a studio, Women in Games Ambassadors provides resume and portfolio reviews, exclusive receptions with leading companies, developer Q&A sessions, coaching on how to be an effective advocate for inclusivity in the industry, and ongoing support.
Next Gen Leaders helps to retain under-represented minority game developers. In addition to the travel stipend, GDC pass, and mentor, participants receive two days of personal and professional development workshops, ongoing support, and are invited to participate in the program at GDC 2019 as well.
Learn more about these outstanding programs and apply today! Applications for all programs close on December 8, 2017, and scholarship recipients will be announced in late January.
This apple-green 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO is now the most expensive car in the world. The 250 GTO is revered by Ferrari collectors as the bees knees, and a private sale last month broke all previous price records, proving how much people are willing to slobber over a piece of artistically crafted machinery.
Only 39 250 GTO's were produced, so the aging cars' prices were bound to skyrocket. But when this one last changed hands ten years ago, it fetched a measly $8.5 million. But Seattle based collector Craig McCaw saw fit to fork over four times that much to get his hands on the car that was built by Ferrari for U.K. driver Sir Stirling Moss.
Moss never even got a chance to race it. A horrible crash at the Goodwood Circuit in Sussex in April 1962 put an end to his career. Innes Ireland, his teammate, raced the car at the 1962 LeMans. It never raced again, but instead entered the shadowy world of private car collectors, where it racked up few miles, but a lot of value. Hence today's alarming, but not surprising figure.
Bloomberg reported that eight collectible Ferraris have sold over the past couple of months, racking up a total of $135 million for the sellers.
Advertisement
Photo credit: edvvc/Wikimedia Commons
Steve Ott
L'emmerdeur
Marc Antoine Godin La Presse
Si vous tapez « Steve Ott is » sur Google, le moteur de recherche complète en vous proposant « a rodeo clown ». Voilà ce qu'internet pense du nouvel attaquant du Canadien.
Pourtant, il suffit de passer quelques minutes avec le patineur de 34 ans pour découvrir l'un des joueurs les plus affables et sympathiques de la Ligue nationale.
« Cette perception que les gens ont de moi n'est pas la vérité », soutient celui qui est devenu au fil des ans un agitateur de classe mondiale.
« Je suis juste un gars qui veut avoir du bon temps. Je me moque des trolls. Cela dit, j'adore être celui qu'on déteste parce que si j'arrive à déranger de façon viscérale, c'est que j'ai fait mon travail. »
Il y a le Steve Ott que sa famille, ses amis et ses coéquipiers connaissent : un homme souriant et déterminé à avoir du plaisir dans la vie. Et il y a le Steve Ott sur la patinoire, dont le sourire prend une signification autrement plus irritante.
Il n'arrête jamais.
Il crie des bêtises à l'adversaire, dérange le gardien, applique des mises en échec parfois douteuses, lèche la visière d'un opposant, utilise son bâton de façon créative... Autant que possible, il veut faire sortir l'autre équipe de ses gonds.
Au-delà de la centaine de combats auxquels il a pris part, de son rôle en infériorité numérique et au cercle des mises en jeu, au-delà aussi de ses 22 buts avec les Stars de Dallas en 2010, et en dépit des amendes et des suspensions, Ott a su durer parce qu'il est passé maître dans l'art de déstabiliser.
Dimanche soir à Edmonton, ç'a été le tour de Zack Kassian d'être parmi ses cibles. Les caméras de télé l'ont intercepté en train de se moquer de l'attaquant des Oilers et de ses yeux exorbités. Du bonbon !
« On se connaît, on vient tous les deux de Windsor, nous a-t-il confié après le match. Mais je vais le déranger comme je dérange tous les autres. Ça fait partie des plaisirs du hockey ! »
Mais le plaisir n'est pas toujours réciproque. Surtout que personne n'est à l'abri de ses facéties – pas même les meilleurs joueurs.
« J'ai une règle : je cherche toujours à atteindre le roi et jamais le pion. Pourquoi aller vers ceux qui dérangent comme moi et ne pas aller vers les meilleurs joueurs de l'autre équipe ? Ce faisant, je mets 20 gars en beau fusil au lieu d'un seul. »
Pour que son nom en vienne à être cité auprès des Darcy Tucker, Claude Lemieux, Matthew Barnaby et Ken Linseman, il a fallu que Steve Ott se fasse une idée précise de son travail d'emmerdeur professionnel.
« J'ai toujours vu mon rôle comme étant autre chose que du verbiage, explique-t-il. Mon premier mandat, c'est de confronter l'adversaire et le forcer à être compétitif. C'est donc de jouer de façon robuste et d'avoir constamment la pédale au fond. Et c'est quand je sens que l'adversaire abandonne que les commentaires embarquent. Je l'ai usé en lui faisant perdre ses batailles à un contre un ; ensuite, je l'achève avec mes paroles.
« C'est de cette façon que je suis un agitateur. »
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 29 (UPI) -- With temperatures in the 50s Monday and no cold front in sight, Minnesota's Twin Cities are nearing their first snowless March in 132 years, officials say.
The last time the Minneapolis-St. Paul area went an entire March without a smidgen of snow was 1878, the St. Paul Pioneer Press reported. That's quite the anomaly for the northern metropolitan region that receives an average of 10.4 inches of snow in March. That's second only to January, which averages 13.5 inches in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area.
"We are definitely 10.4 inches short of normal for the month," said Pete Boulay, assistant state climatologist for the Minnesota State Climatology Working Group. "There hasn't been even a trace of snow reported."
Boulay said this March is stacking up as one of the 10 warmest on record, as well, with an average temperature of about 39 degrees. The warmest March came in 1910, when the month averaged 45 degrees.
"If you had told me March 1 when we had a foot of snow on the ground that we would have lost it all by the 13th or 14th, I wouldn't have believed you," Boulay said. "It's interesting how persistent the warmth and balmy conditions have been."
The “day of silence” observed this week by the Ukrainian army and its pro-Russian rebel opponents was an event of enormous economic importance for global economics as well as geopolitics.
The cease-fire's success confirmed that the truce in Ukraine, agreed to on Sept. 5, is mostly holding, despite some local fighting and Western pundits' virtually unanimous predictions that the war would quickly resume. The durability of September's truce suggests that relations between Kiev and Moscow are gradually reverting toward an uneasy form of peaceful coexistence.
If so, then last summer's civil war in Ukraine will probably evolve into a broadly stable “frozen conflict,” similar to the stalemates that have prevailed for years, even decades, in Georgia, Moldova, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Kosovo, Cyprus and Israel, to name just the frozen conflicts closest to Europe.
Though nobody can be fully satisfied with this outcome, Ukraine, Russia and Europe should all heave sighs of relief. So should anyone concerned about the outlook of the global economy.
Let us begin with Ukraine. The loss of Crimea is irrelevant because much of that peninsula was already leased to Russia and was not even part of Ukrainian territory until 1954. Losing Donbas is more serious because it is one of the country's main industrial regions. But normal economic relationships could soon be reestablished because Russia needs to sell Donbas' coal and steel as much as Ukraine needs to buy it.
Because the profits from these activities were largely misappropriated by corrupt officials and oligarchs, it will make no great difference to Ukraine if they are stolen by pro-Russian rebels instead.
Meanwhile, Ukrainian national identity has been strengthened by the conflict. Although Ukraine is unlikely ever to be admitted to either the European Union or the North Atlantic Treaty Organization — given the opposition in Germany and France, as well as in Russia — an EU association agreement, similar to Turkey's, could help reduce corruption and encourage economic reform. A dual trading relationship with both Europe and Russia could ultimately offer Ukraine the only possible route to economic viability. This sort of relationship should become possible once this year's conflict is definitively “frozen.”
Now consider Russia. Assuming that Kiev and the West reluctantly accept the status quo in Crimea and Donbas — and nobody seems to have any ideas about how to wrest this territory back from Moscow — President Vladimir Putin seems unlikely to attempt any further territorial expansion, at least without some new geopolitical pretext. In that case, the EU sanctions against Russia may well expire automatically in March and July. They have been set for a one-year term, and a consensus to extend them will be hard to muster if the fighting in Ukraine dies down.
Whether or not the sanctions are lifted, Russia is already undergoing an economic transformation.
With oil prices and the ruble collapsing, Russia's political and business leaders are realizing that the post-Soviet economic model of full-scale financial liberalization and integration with the global economy has condemned them to overdependence on energy exports and industrial imports from Western Europe. Partly as a result, Russia has succumbed to the classic symptoms of the “natural resource curse”: an overvalued currency, deindustrialization, conspicuous consumption, excessive government spending, weak domestic tax collection and extreme vulnerability to international capital flows.
In response, Russia is starting to restructure its economy. It is moving away from the classical free-trade model that it adopted in the 1990s, which encouraged Moscow to export raw materials and import industrial goods because that was implied by the Ricardian law of comparative advantage. The alternative development model, which Russia will now favor, is the one followed by other big emerging economies, including China, India and Brazil, and before them, South Korea and Japan.
This Asian model will mean more protection for domestic industries, more control over international capital flows and less reliance on imports — even if that means lower quality and higher prices for Russian consumers.
To the extent that Russia remains a major resource exporter, its trading and financial strategies, as well as its geopolitical alliances, will be redirected toward China and Asia. This strategic realignment will, over time, increase China's economic dominance in Asia. It may also strengthen the influence of China's authoritarian Confucian politics as a counterweight to the liberal democratic model promoted by the United States and the European Union, a philosophical shift that Putin would welcome.
What about the implications of a “frozen conflict” for Europe and the world? The good news is that a definitive end to the fighting in Ukraine would remove the biggest single obstacle to economic recovery in Europe. The threat of all-out war in Central Europe was probably the most important cause of last summer's sudden slump in the eurozone, especially in Germany. If war were to break out again, the shock to business confidence would certainly overwhelm any stimulus efforts by the European Central Bank.
The bad news is that a frozen conflict in Ukraine will weaken the postwar assumption that European borders cannot be changed by force, as German Chancellor Angela Merkel lamented again this week. The fact is, however, that European borders have been violently redrawn throughout the past 25 years, after the breakup of the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia.
The principle of national sovereignty has been breached repeatedly — not least by the United States, Britain and France in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria, as well as in Israel and Cyprus. Such breaches will doubtless continue from time to time, whether or not the sanctions against Russia continue.
More worrying to the West than the diplomatic precedents set by a frozen conflict in Ukraine should be the global implications of Russia moving into the Chinese geopolitical and economic orbit. But given the intensity of Western interactions with China, peaceful coexistence and economic cooperation should also be possible with a Russia that decides to follow the Chinese models of economic management, business transparency and nondemocratic government.
PHOTO: Pro-Russian separatists from the Chechen “Death” battalion take part in a training exercise in the territory controlled by the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic, eastern Ukraine, Dec. 8, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
cityscape The Pan Am Path: Proposal Unveiled for an 80-Kilometre Multi-Use Trail
A group of local residents is proposing one major Pan Am legacy project: a multi-use trail that would link Toronto neighbourhoods, and connect up some currently fragmented trails into a continuous path throughout the city.
In the buildup to the 2015 Pan/Parapan Games, attention has largely been focused on basic infrastructure: sports facilities, an athletes' village, transit, and other essentials. The appeal of hosting a major sporting event like the Pan Am Games isn't just gaining a few weeks of flash and international media, though: it also provides the impetus to create developments that can permanently boost a city, enhance things not just for short-term visitors, but for residents on an ongoing basis. There's a very mixed track record when it comes to these marquee global sports events—Montreal's Olympic stadium is the nearest disaster, and there are plenty of other examples—and many cities decide against bidding on those events precisely to avoid being saddled with unaffordable and underused vanity projects.
If the scale is right, however, there are real opportunities to use such events to motivate projects that otherwise could take years or decades.
A set of proposed legacy projects for the 2015 Pan Am Games has just been unveiled. Among those proposals: one for an 80-kilometre continuous multi-use trail that would run throughout the city, with hubs along the way to host art, local events, food carts, and just about anything else bordering communities can think of.
“The Pan Am Path is a multi-use path that connects the city from Brampton, down along the Humber River, along to the waterfront, up the Lower Don, and then up to Scarborough through the hydro corridor,” explains James Gen Meers, one of the founders of Friends of the Pan Am Path, the non-profit that's formed to champion this project. “It is a trail system that already kind of exists in the city of Toronto, but is missing certain pieces that are required to make it a non-stop continuous path, and that's what the path is about: leveraging some of the political capital in time for the Pan Am Games to invest in the infrastructure required to make a continuous path.”
SHOW CAPTION  ✉ Share on:  261692 The trail that runs through the Don Valley Brick Works—one of the pieces that would become part of the larger Pan Am Path if the proposal passes. pan-am-path-1-chris-drost https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-1-chris-drost-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-1-chris-drost.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-1-chris-drost.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2013/06/the-pan-am-path-proposal-unveiled-for-an-80-kilometre-multi-use-trail/slide/pan-am-path-1-chris-drost/ pan-am-path-1-chris-drost 0 0 261693 Wider spaces like these could be used for anything from art installations to wifi hot spots. pan-am-path-2-chris-drost https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-2-chris-drost-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-2-chris-drost.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-2-chris-drost.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2013/06/the-pan-am-path-proposal-unveiled-for-an-80-kilometre-multi-use-trail/slide/pan-am-path-2-chris-drost/ pan-am-path-2-chris-drost 0 0 261694 One persistent problem on Toronto trails: wayfinding. We need clear, large signs to help people know where they are and where they can get to next. pan-am-path-3-chris-drost https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-3-chris-drost-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-3-chris-drost.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-3-chris-drost.jpg 1024 658 https://torontoist.com/2013/06/the-pan-am-path-proposal-unveiled-for-an-80-kilometre-multi-use-trail/slide/pan-am-path-3-chris-drost/ pan-am-path-3-chris-drost 0 0 261695 pan-am-path-4-chris-drost https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-4-chris-drost-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-4-chris-drost.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-4-chris-drost.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2013/06/the-pan-am-path-proposal-unveiled-for-an-80-kilometre-multi-use-trail/slide/pan-am-path-4-chris-drost/ pan-am-path-4-chris-drost 0 0 261696 pan-am-path-5-chris-drost https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-5-chris-drost-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-5-chris-drost.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-5-chris-drost.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2013/06/the-pan-am-path-proposal-unveiled-for-an-80-kilometre-multi-use-trail/slide/pan-am-path-5-chris-drost/ pan-am-path-5-chris-drost 0 0 261697 pan-am-path-6-chris-drost https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-6-chris-drost-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-6-chris-drost.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-6-chris-drost.jpg 1024 683 https://torontoist.com/2013/06/the-pan-am-path-proposal-unveiled-for-an-80-kilometre-multi-use-trail/slide/pan-am-path-6-chris-drost/ pan-am-path-6-chris-drost 0 0 261663 pan-am-path https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path-100x100.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path.jpg https://torontoist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/pan-am-path.jpg 1000 628 https://torontoist.com/2013/06/the-pan-am-path-proposal-unveiled-for-an-80-kilometre-multi-use-trail/slide/pan-am-path/ pan-am-path 0 0
Essentially, the idea is to use a small amount of money—the infrastructure costs and initial programming are estimated at $1.9 million—to create a much greater benefit by linking together a bunch of trails that, right now, come close to each other, but are not part of a single travel route. Of the 80-kilometre total, only 5–10 per cent would be new construction. It's a small number, but filling in those blanks will remake the trails into an entirely new experience for the city, Friends of the Pan Am Path thinks.
All the Pan Am legacy proposals was unanimously approved by the City's executive committee on July 3; it'll move on to full city council for a final vote on July 16. If passed, the municipal government would contribute that $1.9 million in construction and start-up money. What comes after that, however, would be up to the citizens' group that came up with the idea in the first place. They've got some seed funding from the Ontario Trillium Foundation, and will need to embark on a fundraising and sponsorship campaign to generate the money to layer-in additional programming and amenities once the trail is built.
Five of the six founding members of Friends of the Pan Am Path came out of DiverseCity Fellows, a non-partisan project working at improving the diversity in Toronto's leadership; the sixth is Devon Ostrom, a Toronto artist and community organizer (among other things, he co-founded Manifesto and the Beautiful City billboard campaign). They've been holding discussions with City staff, councillors, the mayor's office, and the Pan Am Games about the project for months, and are optimistic it will find the support it needs at council.
If it does, their ambitions range from creating a dozen arts hubs (featuring work from both local artists and those representing Pan Am I participating countries), to hosting yoga classes, installing Wi-Fi hot spots, and offering a range of seasonal activities. We asked Meers to describe what he hopes the path might be like in 2016, once the Pan Am Games are over and residents have incorporated the path into their communities. He describes a familiar multi-use trail—dog walkers and cyclists and families out for a stroll—but with many twists: “There's a zombie theme party happening on the side, there's a film festival happening in the evening, there are cargo containers with local vendors…it's really up to the imagination of Torontonians.” The mundane stuff matters too: proper signage is essential, he says—many people don't know about the trails that currently exists—as are tools like interactive apps that show you the nearest access points to the trail and highlight landmarks and events nearby.
Ideally, the non-profit hopes the path would become one long ribbon of vibrant public space that helps people get out in their communities, but also discover other parts of the city—something Meers calls “local tourism.”
Various community groups have tried to work on this issue before, asking the City to build some of the connecting bits that would join up the existing trails. What Friends of the Pan Am Path is hoping is that by presenting those small bits as part of a much larger whole, they can convince the City to spend a relatively small amount of money to get the construction done quickly rather than by inches, over years.
“It's a very simple idea,” Meers concludes. “It's not rocket science. We want to animate public space.”
Since we first published the proposal for the Pan Am Path was approved by council's executive committee; we've updated the article to reflect that vote.
NSID is working on a concept for different voices, to fit your dog. In the future they claim it will be possible to choose between a number of different voices, such as: Holly Harley Pudge Mandy Vincent Roxy Da Vinci Abby
And different phrases like: Holly: This is splendid! Harley: Leave me alone Pudge: I am so very weary Mandy: Who are you? Vincent: Em, why are you guys leaving?.. Da Vinci: Is that really you? Roxy: Night-time! Abby: He must be a very nice animal At the moment NSID says their No More Woof device speaks only in English, but they have plans for Mandarin, French and Spanish versions later.
The Products Ever wondered what your dog is REALLY thinking? Soon it may be possible to find out! NSID is working on a new way to uncover the inner wishes of our beloved pets. No More Woof – the new tool to let your dog speak its mind! NSID plans for the introduction of three distinct options, each with their own varied degree of functionality. Previously it was possible to pre-order them at their Indiegogo page, though we suggest you contact Nordic Inventions directly to see about ordering your own: INDIEGOGO!
The NSID NMW Micro
A one sensor No More Woof able to distinguish 2 or 3 different thought patterns. According to NSID, these would most likely include Tiredness, Hunger and Curiosity. This is the best option for those that are looking for something reasonably priced to test out the technology for themselves. The English voice option would be available at this price level.
Price 65 $ The NMW Standard
This is a more robust design than the Micro. This one uses two sensors that help it to be able to distinguish 4 or more different thought patterns, and it should also be able to be calibrated to function better with different dog breeds. You can also flash new software via micro-USB. Far better functionality and more exactness than the Micro Edition.
Price $300 The NMW Superior
Premium mini-speaker implemented in a golden dog-tag with engraving of your choice. Fully customizable color appearance - let it blend in with your dog's fur. Algorithmic learning: NMW superior programs itself while in use, always learning more of how your dog thinks and reacts –over time this option let's your dog speak short sentences (“I'm hungry – but I don't like this!”).
Price $1200 Interested? Preorder here Finally, we must AGAIN stress that ALL the products are at the first stage and shall be regarded as research support. That said, they will definitely work on a basic level with dogs (and hopefully to some extent with all animals) and we can actually think of no cooler products, and yeah, we're basically building them because we want them ourselves. Future applications and accessories
- Getting to personalise the device to distinguish even more thoughts, and combination of thoughts, like "Who is that woman, she looks nice!"
- Using the device to let hurt or disabled pets control artificial limbs or other appliances.
- Two-way communication. This is The Holy Grail for us. Not only should you be able to understand your pet, let them understand you. A similar device can be hooked up on humans translating our thoughts into dog, or other animal tongue like, oh sweet thought, a dolphin!
- Recognition of advanced thought patterns.
-Uncensored edition: hear your dog spelling out its horny thought. Perfect opener in the part! "Hey Bitch, wanna play?"
- The Pavlovian training kit (With the use of play and classical conditioning you and your pet will understand each other even more. By letting the… (Original instructions by Ivan Pavlov are provided :)
Prev Next
Technology The technology used in No More Woof is the result of combining the latest technologies in three different tech-areas, EEG-sensoring, Micro Computing and special BCI software. During the last decade huge discoveries have been made to map out the human brain's functions. But never before has anyone made a serious attempt to apply this groundbreaking technology on man's best friend. For instance there is a spectrum of specific electrical signals in the brain defining the feeling of tiredness ("I'm tired!"). Some of the most easily detected neural patterns are: "I'm hungry, "I'm tired", "I'm curious who that is?" and "I want to pee". (It is worth pointing out that dogs "think" in a different way than humans. Whereas the dog's brain signals might indicate hunger, that does of course not really mean the dog is "thinking" that, it's rather a more mental state than a "thought" although the difference between these two things is actually an interesting philosophical question, for those who are into these things.) An EEG reader
Every mammal creates and transports "thoughts" the same way, as a swarm of electrical signals through a complex neurosystem). It has long been possible to record this activity through Electroencephalogram (EEG) readings. When it comes to humans, the last decade has seen tremendous progress. However every species uses its unique structure. You could say that all creatures speak the same language only with varying dialects. And as animal brains are less complex than humans their signal patterns are more distinct for feelings of anger, curiosity or tiredness – actually making them easier to distinguish. The challenges we are facing using EEG on pets are a matter of placement for best comfort and how to identify the clearest signal when attaching the device on fur (we would never let you shave a tonsure on your beautiful German Shepard). A processing unit.
We are experimenting with a new brain-computer interface (BCI) to detect, analyze and translate the brainwaves of dogs into comprehensive thoughts. Earlier the devices had to stream thought sequences, but now we are using Raspberry PI, which handles this process directly inside the device. This might not seem as a big deal, but actually it clearly distinguishes this project from all previous research. Another company we have worked with in the past is HCG plus diet drops, an advanced HCG purification lab, who had been essential in getting our products out to market previously. The task of producing these signals and analyzing them is not simple due to the high degree of muscle tissue surrounding most dog's skulls, which disrupt the signal. When the EEG readings are gathered, you could say that the trick of reading an animal's mind is stripped down to a more or less complex deciphering problem. Conclusion Right now we are only scraping the surface of possibilities; the project is only in its cradle. And to be completely honest, the first version will be quite rudimentary. But hey, the first computer was pretty crappy too. Prev Next
Our story No More Woof has been developed by the Nordic Society for Invention and Discovery, a small Scandinavian research lab. We have previously developed the much talked about concepts the iRock (a rocking chair that charges your iPad), the Fly Lamp (a hovering lamp that follows you around) and Nebula 12 (an indoor cloud). The idea behind NSID is simple: The world is changing. Yesterday's giants are today's dwarfs. Only 24 companies listed on Fortune 500 in 1970 is still around. Ten years ago Nokia was the highest valued brand in technology; nobody had heard of Facebook or the iPhone. Together with engineers, product developers and visionaries NSID has set a goal: To find, invent and develop RADICALLY new and awesome products with the potential to change the world. As of today, we have around 10 products in development including a flying carpet, a cellphone, a system for storing energy. We are always looking for new ideas, often together with our trendspotters from Haparanda to Hong Kong. No More Woof is definitely our most revolutionary invention so far. Our aim is to encourage sustainability, creativity and make the world a better place. For more information, read about us in Wired or Gizmodo. The iRock / The Cocoon / The Nebula 12 / The Flylamp / The Teteatete Prev Next
Tweak it The technology used is still work in progress. We hope we will soon be able to share a DK, development kit, with all you interested. If you want one, just mail us here. Keep in mind that this first round is partly novelty science. The brainwaves differ quiet a lot from different breeds as well as individual dogs. However it IS possible to detect some common patterns and we have no doubt that in the future this technology will open up a vast new era of communication between dogs and humans, or animals in general and humans. (Of course before real interaction could take place we must also build a machine that translates human thoughts into dog language, a task that seems quite a challenge, to put it mildly) Prev Next
Media & Press For press inquires about No-More-Woof, please contact info@nordicinvention.com. For information about the developers, NSID, please visit www.nordicinvention.com The NoMoreWoof is just a working prototype, currently in version 3.2 Press material Version 1.0 Version 0.9 Logo Prev
We are committed to producing the highest quality adaptive hunting, shooting and fishing equipment for all disabled outdoorsmen. Our goal is to help physically challenged people get back into doing the activities they love like hunting, shooting, fishing, archery, photography, and ATV's. Our company designs and manufactures activity trays, shooting rests for rifles, shotguns, pistols, crossbows, and compound bows, adaptive fishing equipment, hand controls and lifts for ATV's & much more. If the equipment listed on this website does not meet your needs, please contact us. We are constantly working on developing new adaptive sports and recreational equipment.
Products Available
Be Adaptive Equipment Model HQ100 is a high quad unit designed for use by physically challenged hunters with no arm or hand use.
Be Adaptive Equipment Model HQPM is a pistol mount that installs into the Model HQ100 in just seconds. Plug in the trigger mechanism which is included in the pistol mount to your existing controls and you are ready to shoot a wide variety of pistols, including auto loaders and double action revolvers, or any long gun with a pistol grip. If you have guns that you had to cut off for a different style of gun mount they can now be used with the pistol mount set up.
Be Adaptive Equipment Model LM100 is a limited mobility unit designed for use by people with limited hand or arm movement or paraplegics that cannot hold a gun up. This mount makes the weapon feel weightless.
Be Adaptive Equipment Model LMPM is a pistol mount that installs into the Model LM100 in just seconds. It comes with its own trigger mechanism that can be powered by your Model TM100. This mount is able to shoot a wide variety of pistols, including auto loaders and double action revolvers. ***A Model LM100 and TM100 are required to use this pistol mount.***
Be Adaptive Equipment Model CB100 allows limited mobility individuals to shoot a standard compound bow allowing the user to pivot the bow up and down and left and right. (A Draw-Loc or similar product, which is not included, is required to use this mount.) call 877-595-5634 to order.
Be Adaptive Equipment Model TM100 is a vacuum actuated trigger system that attaches to your trigger guard. It allows the user to sip on a tube that fires the weapon.
Be Adaptive Equipment Model BT100 is a mechanical bite trigger that is activated by biting or pushing down on a mouth piece that pulls the trigger.
Be Adaptive Finger Control Hand Device HD100 and HD150 (without additional wrist support) allows the user to have a stiff finger to put in the trigger guard and pull the trigger.
Be Adaptive Finger Control Hand Device HD200 and HD250 (with additional wrist support) allows the user to have a stiff finger to put in the trigger guard and pull the trigger. These models also keep the wrist stiff and still as well.
Adaptive Hunting Accessories
Bush-N-a-BAG is a camouflage blind system.
BIG, bad US street fighter Kimbo Slice could be headed back to Australia, with NSW State of Origin captain Paul Gallen wanting to challenge the brass-knuckled cult figure to step inside the boxing ring later this year.
A big-money showdown against Slice - who met the Sharks skipper last January - is one of three fights that Gallen wants to tackle during the off-season.
We've been told he's looking at a return to the ring in September, by which time the last-placed Sharks will be out of action, against a Queensland opponent in Toowoomba.
American UFC and boxing sensation Kimbo Slice. Source: News Limited
His Four Nations commitments then take precedence during October and November, but there will still be time for further bouts closer to Christmas and next February.
Gallen made his pro boxing debut on the eve of this season, recovering from an early knock-down to TKO Herman Ene-Purcell in an entertaining fight.
On Slice's last visit to Australia, Gallen happily posed for the cameras and shook hands with the YouTube sensation at Cronulla Sharks training in the lead-up to Daniel Geale's demolition job on Anthony Mundine.
It's already been a massive year for Gallen.
American UFC and boxing sensation Kimbo Slice. Source: News Limited
From winning the Wally Lewis Medal to being touted as the next Immortal by the great Bob Fulton and even talk of a bronze statue of the Blues skipper being built at ANZ Stadium, Gallen has made every post a winner despite the ongoing ASADA investigation looming.
Still on the subject of two-time world champion Geale, Australia's favourite boxer will hold his final open training session at Redfern PCYC at 11am today prior to jetting out for a two-week training camp in the US.
Preparing to take on big-punching WBA and IBO middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin at Madison Square Garden on July 27, Geale will conduct a two-week training camp in New Jersey before knuckling down to try and upstage the 2013 Ring Magazine fighter of the year.
WINNING: The Channel Seven reporters who fronted Darius Boyd outside the Queensland Origin team hotel in Brisbane on Thursday. Pssst, Darius, without the media, there's no billion-dollar TV deal. It's really not that hard.
Thumbs Down: Dave Smith, for going all Mussolini by trying to dictate the make-up of NRL club boards. If Smith wants to incite a revolt from the all-powerful likes of Nick Politis, Nick Pappas and Ray Dib, he's going about it the right way.
Debate: Who will win the FIFA World Cup?
Hoops (Argentina): The stage is set for Lionel Messi to add the final chapter to an otherwise glittering resume, in the process eclipsing the pain Germany has inflicted on Argentina in the previous two World Cups. Whoever wins, this tournament must surely go down as one of the best in history.
Josh (Germany): I haven't been this aghast since a forgetful beer wench served me a giant pretzel without mustard during the 2006 World Cup. I could name at least seven reasons why the Germans will be crowned World champions, all of which were showcased during Wednesday morning's Brazilian blitzkrieg.
SHOOSH
The Western Sydney Wanderers have scored some valuable insight into their cross-code rivals at Parramatta, hiring former Eels CEO Matt Phelan as operations manager this week.
****
Still in the golden west and we've heard some lusty rumours about a high-ranking official who is on the nose with his peers after making unwanted advances toward a female co-worker.
****
Former Eels skipper Reni Maitua made a surprise return to Pirtek Stadium on Monday.
The Bulldogs forward was dropping by to see his best mate Willie Tonga, who this week signed a two-year deal with Les Catalans.
DALEY'S ORIGIN-WINNING BLUEPRINT TAKES FLIGHT
State of Origin III wasn't the only thing Blues coach Laurie Daley lost in Brisbane this week. Daley landed in Sydney on Thursday to discover his backpack had gone missing.
The item was checked-in with Qantas, but did not appear on the baggage carousel.
We've been told it contains vital game plans and team information, but an NSWRL spokesman could not confirm the contents on Wednesday night.
Let's just hope the Qantas baggage handler who finds the backpack isn't a disgruntled Queenslander.
****
The Roosters have spent this week at Avoca Beach, soul-searching in the wake of their shock defeat to Cronulla last Saturday night.
The four-day camp was already scheduled prior to the embarrassment and came an ideal time for the premiers to pick up the pieces of their title defence.
STAND BY YOUR EX
One good turn deserves another, so it was nice to learn Lauryn Eagle made a premature return from a trip to the USA to comfort ex-boyfriend Todd Carney this week. Although the pair split last year, Carney provided plenty of behind-the-scenes support while Eagle was battling personal demons a few months ago.
****
Sandor Earl managed to slip under the radar when he returned to Sydney for a legal mediation last month.
However, one person who didn't miss him was NRL Integrity Unit boss Jim Doyle.
The banned winger paid a personal visit to League Central to meet Doyle and vent his feelings over the NRL's handling of his case.
****
Tiger fans will be relieved to see hard-running Kiwi James Gavet back in first grade for tonight's clash against Manly.
Having lost his driver's licence, Gavet was sailing close to the wind with officials after arriving 35 minutes late for a NSW Cup match and also missing vital appointments.
EELS WILL HONOUR LEGACY OF LATE JOCKEY NATHAN BERRY
Parramatta Eels NRL player Darcy Lussick pictured with the jersey he will wear on te weekend bearing the name of fallen jockey Nathan Berry. Source: News Corp Australia
THE Parramatta Eels have produced another noble gesture to honour the legacy of champion Golden Slipper-winning jockey Nathan Berry, the passionate blue and gold fan who died suddenly earlier this year.
The Eels will run the names of a select group of fans on the back of their jerseys against the Warriors in Auckland on Saturday, with Eels prop Darcy Lussick to bear Berry's surname.
The gesture is part of a promotion from Eels sponsor Unibet, with the Berry family to be presented with the signed jersey afterwards.
****
CHANNEL Ten has unveiled its team for the Glasgow Commonwealth Games coverage later this month, with one-time golden boy Matt White to spearhead the network's morning coverage alongside Liesel Jones and Steve Hooker.
White began his first week back at Ten this week after ten year's in a variety of top assignments at the rival Channel Seven networks.
“Australia has countless gold medal chances in Glasgow including household names such as Sally Pearson, Anna Meares and James Magnussen up against some of the world's best athletes,” White said.
NSW centre Josh Dugan was named players' player for the Blues after the disappointment of Origin III, while fellow centre Josh Morris is expected to be missing for the next fortnight after re-aggravating the knee injury sustained in Origin I.
****
THE NSW Waratahs are eyeing the possibility of hosting the biggest game in Super Rugby history should they host the final on Saturday, August 2.
The Tahs need to win their home semi-final at Allianz Stadium to host the decider at ANZ Stadium the following week, with predictions the Super Rugby crowd record will be broken in the final.
The benchmark is the 55,000 for the 2009 final at Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Pretoria, South Africa.
If the Tahs make it to the final, the game will also set up an awesome August at Sydney Olympic Park, with Alessandro Del Piero playing his final game in Australia as captain of the A-League All Stars against Juventus, the Italian superclub where he became a legend, on Sunday, August 10.
The following weekend, the Wallabies will begin their campaign to end the All Blacks' 11-year stranglehold on the Bledisloe Cup.
Ticketing gurus believe the Super Rugby final will go past 55,000, the Juventus game should draw 60,000-plus, and the Bledisloe Cup match should top 70,000.
A NIGHT TO REMEMBER
Cronulla CEO Steve Noyce has always been one of the NRL's genuine good guys, as underlined at Allianz Stadium last Saturday night.
After Cronulla had endured the week from hell, Noyce spotted a group of the under nine Terrigal Sharks celebrating his club's amazing victory over premiers Sydney Roosters in the stands.
The Sharks CEO promptly invited the youngsters into the Sharkies dressing room to enjoy a rousing rendition of “Up, up Cronulla”.
*****
SPARE a thought for the Irish pub in Galway who promised to knock 50 cents off the price of a pint of beer for every goal scored during the Germany v Brazil semi-final at the World Cup.
By the time the Germans had booted seven, a pint of Erdinger was costing just 50 cents.
****
THIS could go down as the most appropriate rugby league sponsorship of the season, with Sutherland Heart Clinic signing on as the Cronulla Sharks match-day sponsor for Sunday's game against Newcastle.
Ironically, stress levels from the ongoing ASADA investigation and the Todd Carney fountain fiasco would no doubt be placing several locals in the high risk category.
Still on the Sharkies, we asked you a fortnight ago who the struggling Sydney club claiming to have $5.1 million in sponsorship was.
Sharks CEO Steve Noyce has since been in touch to assure us the figure is 100 per cent correct.
BIRDS OF A FEATHER
Aaron Woods of the Blues celebrates. Source: Getty Images
STATE of Origin has a time-honoured tradition of bird-flipping antics, with Queensland legend Chris “Choppy” Close famously giving the Blues a one-fingered salute in the opening game of the 2005 series.
In State of Origin III on Wednesday night, it was Blues prop Aaron Woods and Maroons fullback Billy Slater who traded tit-for-tat insults, working some north of the border into a muck lather about the NRL setting precedent and potential punishments.
As these pictures show, it looks like little more than some battle line banter. Maroons forward Dave Taylor also issued the finger in 2012, even after he'd been dropped from the Queensland line-up.
Steins Gate 0 Release Date & Trailer Announced
PQube previously teased various bits of news for around MCM time and here we are! Not only have they just announced Akiba's Beat is coming to Europe and actually released Root Letter today, but also revealed the long-awaited Steins Gate 0 release date! It drops 25th November in Europe, followed by 29th in North America.
STEINS;GATE 0 is a brand-new story in the acclaimed Science Fiction Visual Novel franchise. Praised by fans and critics alike for its incredible characterisation and storytelling, STEINS;GATE is widely considered to be the greatest Visual Novel ever made. STEINS;GATE 0 looks set to maintain this exceptionally high standard with a story which explores an alternative world line. When a scientist Okabe Rintaro realises he is unable to save the love of his life, he sinks into a great depression. Giving up on his friends, his research and, crucially, time-travel itself, a series of events which looks set to endanger all of humanity takes place.
It's great to finally have a release date for this one, and we're super lucky to be getting it in 2016! Hopefully this continues to pave the way in the west not just for more Mages titles, but more visual novels in general!
Steins;Gate 0 releases date is the 25th November in Europe, and 29th November in North America for both PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita.
Be Sure to pick up the Amadeus Edition Exclusively from our store!
Fedora 16 Release Name
Election Closed voting ended 7 years ago
This ballot is for the selection of the release name for Fedora 16. To read more about the proposed names, and the relationship rules for Fedora release names, click 'More information' below.
More Information about this election
To vote in this election you must be a member of any one of the following groups:
anycla
Results
Candidate Votes Voters per candidate Average votes per candidate Verne Elected 2204 307 7.17915309446 Beefy Miracle 1662 244 6.81147540984 Omoto 1522 257 5.92217898833 Nepia 1241 224 5.54017857143 Bonnet 1207 220 5.48636363636 Barona 1157 226 5.11946902655 Llullaillaco 908 192 4.72916666667 Legation 845 184 4.59239130435 Mt. Orne 607 154 3.94155844156
Some statistics about this election The Fedora 16 Release Name election had 1 seats open for election .
. A total of 421 voters participated in this election, casting 2008 votes.
in this election, The maximum number of votes possible was 3789
Evolution of the number of voters during this election
(BIVN) – Human remains stolen from burial caves in Hawaii and taken to Germany more than a century ago are returning home.
On Octber 23, the Museum of Ethnology Dresden in Germany transferred the iwi kūpuna – three skulls and a jaw bone – to a Native Hawaiian group. The jaw bone and one of the skulls was from Hawaii Island. The remains were taken from caves between 1896 and 1902, and sold directly to the museum.
It was an emotional ceremony, at times, bringing a close a 25-year effort to return the ancestral remains to Hawaiʻi.
According to OHa, the event was historically significant because it marked the first time the museum repatriated human remains to representatives of the country where the human remains originated.
Video from the Office of Hawaiian Affairs shows the group of Native Hawaiian cultural practitioners as they traveled to Germany to retrieve the four iwi kūpuna. They were accompanied by OHA Chief Executive Officer Kamanaʻopono Crabbe.
“Their leadership is progressive and will reverberate throughout Germany and across Europe, and will hopefully usher in a new era of reconciliation and spiritual healing with native and indigenous peoples throughout the world,” Crabbe said.
Judge reschedules US soldier's trial to give more time for review of classified information related to WikiLeaks case
A military judge has pushed back the trial of Bradley Manning, the US soldier accused of being behind the WikiLeaks publication of state secrets.
Colonel Denise Lind, the judge presiding over Manning's court martial, has rescheduled the trial for June to allow extra time to deal with classified information. Manning had been due to be tried in March.
The private faces 22 charges, including "aiding the enemy" – which carries a possible maximum sentence of life in military custody without any chance of parole.
On Tuesday Lind had awarded Manning a 112-day reduction in any eventual sentence, on the grounds that he was subjected to excessively harsh treatment in military detention.
The judge granted the reduction as a form of recompense for the unduly long period in which he was held on suicide watch, and prevention of injury status while at the brig at Quantico marine base in Virginia. Manning was detained there from 29 July 2010 to 20 April 2011.
Manning has offered to plead guilty to some of the lesser charges in exchange for a reduced sentence. The most serious accusation levied against the soldier is that by passing information to WikiLeaks, he effectively made it available to al-Qaida and its affiliate terrorist organisations – the "aiding the enemy" charge which carries the punitive life sentence.
Manning was held under constant surveillance while at Quantico. He had his possessions removed from his cell and at times even his clothes, often in contravention to the professional medical opinion of psychiatrists.
Lind's ruling that Manning should receive a reduction in sentence was made under Article 13 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, which protects prisoners awaiting trial from punishment on grounds that they are innocent until proven guilty.
The recognition that some degree of pre-trial punishment did occur during the nine months that the soldier was held in Quantico marks a legal victory for the defence in that it supports Manning's long-held complaint that he was singled out by the US government for excessively harsh treatment.
However, the ruling falls far short of the hopes of Manning's defence team. At best, the soldier's lawyers had pressed for a dismissal of all 22 counts that he is currently facing relating to the transfer of hundreds of thousands of US diplomatic cables and war logs to the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks.
Dismissal of all charges is listed as a possible remedy for an Article 13 violation. But Lind said it should be used only under the most egregious circumstances where the US government has engaged in outrageous conduct.
"The charges are serious in this case and there was no intent to punish. There is no argument to dismiss the charges," the judge said.
• This article was amended on 10 January 2013. The original sub-heading referred to Bradley Manning as a former US soldier. This has been corrected.
2239252
Mies puhelee kuin itsekseen.
– Mahdanko tätä valmiiksi saadakaan, en taida saada.
Sisältö jatkuu mainoksen alla
Rauni Uotila, 88, valikoi sopivaa puutavaraa saunan sisätöihin. Rakennustarvikevarasto on yksi hiirenhiljaisen tontin rakennuksista Sontulan rauhallisen kylätien laidassa Akaan kupeessa.
Sisältö jatkuu mainoksen alla
Pihassa nauraa kivestä veistetty hahmo. Pihatie on lähes umpeen ruohottunut.
Tontin laidalla seisoo kivilohkarein verhoiltu kaksikerroksinen talonjärkäle. Paanukatto on tervasta kauniin ruskea, tuuli on koristellut sen männynhavuilla.
Talon vieressä on kivestä rakennettu sauna, tontin päädyssä iso varastohalli. Tontin toisella laidalla on pieni hirrestä veistetty huvimaja varaston vieressä. Varastosta kuuluu kolinaa, rakentaja seuloo vielä lautoja.
Katso kuvat: 79-vuotias tuohi-Erkki tekee kaiken koivusta – vaatteensakin
Tarpeeton ostos
Kolmetoista vuotta sitten Rauni tuli tehneeksi tarpeettoman hankinnan. Hän osti purkukuntoisen talon.
– Joskus tuli luvattua talossa asuneelle tuttavalle, että saattaisin ostaa talon. Olihan lupaus pidettävä, vaikken tätä tarvitsisi, Rauni kertoo.
Asumiskelvottoman talon lisäksi kauppaan kuului vajaan puolen hehtaarin hoitamaton, roskattu tontti, joka osoittautui myöhemmin pienemmäksi kuin papereihin oli merkitty.
Projekti kohtasi heti alkuunsa vastatuulta. Tontilla pistäytynyt rakennustarkastaja totesi, ettei purettavan talon paikalle heruisi uutta rakennuslupaa. Tämä ei Raunia pysäyttänyt, vaan hän ilmoitti topakasti siinä tapauksessa vuoraavansa talon kivillä. Hän laati projektista uudet paperit ja haki peruskorjauslupaa, joka sentään liikeni. Soisella tontilla alkoi tapahtua.
Mies rautaa, talo kiveä
Rauni oli ollut mukana paikallisen kiviveistämön tulipalon jälkeisissä korjaustöissä. Kiitokseksi avusta hänelle kipattiin tontin laidalle lasteittain suuria kivenmurikoita. Seurakunnalle Rauni oli ollut tekemässä talkootyönä tietä, ja siitä projektista hänellä oli jäljellä dynamiittia.
Tontin laidassa hän räjäytteli lohkareita pienemmiksi ja työsti niitä edelleen kiviporalla ja kiilalla sopivaan muotoon, ulkoverhoiluun sopiviksi.
– Jokaisen kiven olen itse hakannut lekalla ja moskalla, mies toteaa ohimennen. Moukari ja talttavasara eivät ole päässeet helpolla.
Talon seinät ovat suorat, kivien pinta kauniin rosoinen. Pieni kiilan jälki jokaisessa lohkareessa kielii käsityöstä, lukuisista uurastetuista tunneista.
"Kun tein seinää ja hakkasin kiviä, toiset kirosivat, toiset siunasivat."
Pienittyään lohkareet oikeaan kokoon ja muotoon Rauni nosti ne päällekkäin. Seinä syntyi kerros kerrokselta. Autoja kurvaili tontille päivittäin. Tutut ja tuntemattomat päivittelivät mahdottomalta näyttävää projektia ja korkeilla telineillä huojuvaa kahdeksankymppistä.
– Kun tein seinää ja hakkasin kiviä, toiset kirosivat, toiset siunasivat. Herra varjele, he sanoivat, Rauni nauraa.
Taivasta vasten keikkuvan miehen voimat riittivät, tasapaino piti ja seinät valmistuivat. Valmiin kivikuoren sisältä Rauni purki pikkuhiljaa vanhan purkukuntoisen talon pala kerrallaan ikkuna- ja oviaukkojen kautta.
Kuin kalso kirves
Työtä Rauni ei pelkää, ei ole koskaan pelännyt. Talvisodassa hän lähti 14-vuotiaana sotilaspoikana kotoaan Akaalta VR:lle veturimieheksi. Lastina oli ruumiita.
– Meitä oli kaksi pikkupoikaa kärräämässä kuolleita. Niitä oli vaunussa sikin sokin. Kun ruumiita vedettiin ulos laiturille, ne hajoilivat kappaleiksi, Rauni muistelee.
Rauni toivoi pääsevänsä tositoimiin setänsä tykistöön Karjalaan, mutta VR piti hyvästä työntekijästä kiinni eikä päästänyt häntä rintamalle. Työpäivien jälkeen hän osallistui talkoisiin: teki metsätöitä ja hakkasi halkoja hurjalla vauhdilla. Neljästä motista nuorimies palkittiin hopeakirveellä. Kun sodan jälkeen alaikäiset joutuivat lähtemään VR:ltä, Rauni jatkoi rakennustyömaalle. Myöhemmin hän palasi veturinkuljettajaksi.
– Köyhän rengin poika ja monitöinen mies kuin kalso kirves! Rauni nauraa. Tylsä kirves on miehestä kaukana.
Rahasta Rauni on oppinut olemaan tarkka lapsesta lähtien. Kivitaloonkaan ei ole monta euroa kulunut ostamisen jälkeen.
Kivivuorauksen takana olevat seinätiilet Rauni valoi itse omalla tiilikraanalla. Kattopaanut hän veisti ja tervasi itse. Tervaa hän poltti omissa tervahaudoissa.
– Eihän tällainen talo mitään maksa. Moni sanoo, että kämppä maksaa, mutta eihän se mitään voi maksaa, jos kiertää kaukaa rakennustarvikekaupat ja tekee kaiken itse, Rauni päivittelee.
"Moni sanoo, että kämppä maksaa,
mutta eihän se voi maksaa,
jos tekee kaiken itse."
Hiekkapuhallettuja unelmia
Kivitalon ovi on aina auki. Rauni ei lukitse sitä, sillä hän pelkää varkaiden hajottavan ikkunat. Varastettavaa tyhjässä talossa ei ole, ihailtavaa sen sijaan vaikka kuinka.
Keittiön kaapisto on itse puusta veistetty. Lattialaudat Rauni on höylännyt oman metsän puista. Kun kohdalle sattui erityisen kaunista koivua, Rauni päätti tehdä siitä olohuoneeseen parketin. Käsin.
Olohuoneen seinästä isäntää tarkkailee kivestä veistetty kotka. Portaikon mies on takonut itse, kaiteet ja puuveistokset työstänyt omin käsin.
Sisäovien ikkunalasit on koristeltu hiekkapuhaltamalla.
– En minä taiteesta mitään ymmärrä, Rauni painottaa kierrellessään talon alakerrassa.
Talon yläkerta on vielä hieman keskeneräinen. Seinään pitäisi kiinnittää levy ja tapetti, lattia kaipaa viimeistelyä. Lautojen keskellä on vanha, edelliseltä omistajalta jäänyt patja. Sillä voisi välillä töiden lomassa lepäillä, jollei ylösnousu olisi niin vaivalloista.
Huonekaluja ei vielä ole – eikä asukkaita.
– En minä tänne muuta, en ikinä, eikä ole tarkoituskaan ollut, Rauni puuskahtaa.
Kivitalon sijaan Rauni asuu vaimonsa Elvin kanssa mieluummin parin kilometrin päässä sijaitsevassa vanhassa talossaan. Sekin on itse tehty, samoin kuin muutama muukin talo samalla kadulla.
– Hartiapankissa on halpa korko. Sieltä minäkin sain ennen niin paljon kuin halusin. Ei ollut mitään rajaa. Mutta enää en saa, Rauni hiljenee ja luo hieman huolestuneen katseen ympärilleen.
Tervetuloa taloon, Vladimir
Tänä vuonna Rauni täytti 88 vuotta. Liikkuminen ei ole enää niin ketterää kuin ennen, eikä voimia riitä entiseen tapaan.
Pyörä kulkee edelleenkin, vaikka hitaanlaisesti. Pyöräilyhistoriansa aikana Rauni on jäänyt auton alle kolme kertaa, siksi lonkka vihoittelee.
Ylämäet mies kulkee lähes kontaten. Parin kilometrin matkaan vierähtää nykyisin helposti yli tunti.
– Viime pyhänä, kun ajoin tänne, kaaduin tuohon pihaan. Pienestä oli kiinni, ettei pää osunut kiveen. Siinä makasin pitkän aikaa, Rauni toteaa hiljaa.
Suunnitelma kivitalon tulevaisuudesta on kuitenkin jo olemassa. Huumorintajuinen mies seuraa ahkerasti yhteiskunnan tapahtumia ja ottaa kantaa politiikkaan omalla sarkastisella tavallaan.
"Putin saa tästä hyvän päämajan."
– Perikunta saa myydä kivitalon Putinille sitten, kun hän tulee tänne. Tästä saa nimittäin hyvän päämajan. Tykillä rakennuksen saa kyllä rikki, mutta rouninkinkuula ei mene seinästä läpi, Rauni vitsailee.
Hän viittaa amerikkalaisen John Moses Browningin kehittämiin aseisiin, kuten toisessa maailmansodassa käytettyyn Browning-pikakivääriin.
Sontulan tontti hiljenee iltapäivään, muutamia autoja ajaa harvakseltaan ohi.
Havupuiden oksat antautuvat tuulenvireelle. Rakentaja Rauni pysähtyy ikkunan ääreen ja katselee edessä avautuvaa maisemaa.
– Valkoinen on puhtauden väri, sininen Suomen väri. Vihreä on luonnon väri, punainen aatteen väri. Ja keltainen on kuoleman väri.
Lue lisää Raunista: "On maailmassa kovempiakin äijiä"
Artikkeli on julkaistu alunperin ET-lehdessä 14/2015.
“There was an understanding with the Democrats,” said Hamilton professor Dennis Gilbert, who worked for Sanders' campaign that year doing polling and writing policy papers. “They realized that if he was running, they couldn't win.”
“For a lot of Democrats, Bernie was our candidate,” said Poirier, the Democrat who finished behind Sanders in '88. “By 1990, he had pretty much won the support of most elected Democrats.”
He was their only real option.
Welch endorsed him, he said, “because he had the best chance of winning.”
“He basically expropriated their base of voters,” said Fred Bailey, a Republican city councilman during Sanders' time as mayor. “They couldn't out-Bernie Bernie.”
The '90 race was the beginning of the rest of Sanders' political life. Smith, the Republican, seeing Sanders' support swell, got desperate and used debates and ads to hit him for his socialist philosophies and also for his anti-Democratic Party rants. Smith plucked from Vermont Affairs the “ideologically bankrupt” comment. It backfired. People in Vermont recoiled at Smith's tactics, and Sanders won in a landslide. And Sandoval, the Democrat? She didn't get 5 percent—she got 3.
It was official. In Vermont, in Sanders' races, the second major party was … Bernie.
***
“I.”
That letter next to Sanders' name is more than a political classification. It's a personal declaration.
He was, when he arrived in Washington, the only one of the 535 members of Congress who didn't identify as either a Democrat or a Republican.
“I am extremely proud to be an independent,” he told the Associated Press seven months into his congressional career. “The fact that I am not a Democrat gives me the freedom to speak out on the floor of the House, to vote against both the Democratic and Republican proposals.”
The flip side at first was this: “He screams and hollers,” Rep. Joe Moakley (D-Mass.) said to the AP at the time, “but he is all alone.” Rep. Bill Richardson (D-N.M.) called Sanders “a homeless waif.” Said Rep. Barney Frank, in '91: “Bernie alienates his natural allies. His holier-than-thou attitude—saying in a very loud voice he is smarter than everyone else and purer than everyone else—really undercuts his effectiveness.”
Today, looking back, colleagues in interviews with Politico recalled questions from party elders about whether to allow Sanders to sit on committees. Sanders mentioned as much at a lunch with Senate Democrats last month, telling them it was like wandering around “in the desert” when he first came to the House. While Sanders formally was part of the House Democratic Caucus, said Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, who served with Sanders in the House, “he was not really a member of the caucus.”
It eventually worked out when the Democratic speaker, Tom Foley, reached the conclusion that it was better to expand his party's membership than shrink it. That became even more important in ‘94, when the Newt Gingrich-led Republican takeover meant the Democrats needed every potential vote they could get. Sanders served on committees dealing with financial services issues and government operations, and he was extremely active in pushing amendments on the House floor, periodically teaming up with the likes of libertarian-minded Ron Paul.
“He would often get amendments on the floor—and call them tripartite,” Brown said. “He passed a lot of amendments in a very conservative Congress.”
Sanders spent a decade and a half in the House. He was seldom even challenged by a Democrat in Vermont.
He won the Democratic primary for the 2006 Senate race as a write-in candidate — there was no serious opposition — but he declined to accept the nomination before going on to beat his Republican opponent by 33 percentage points. The Senate was a better fit.
“The Senate,” one of his Democratic friends told Politico, “was the first time he's ever been part of a Democratic family.”
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, led by New York's Chuck Schumer, quickly got behind Sanders when he ran, and Nevada's Harry Reid happily welcomed him to the Senate Democratic Caucus once he won. In December of that year, a month after his election, Ted Kennedy invited Sanders and the rest of the Democrats on the Senate's Health, Education and Labor and Pensions Committee to an intimate dinner at his Washington home. Also in attendance? Barack Obama. And Hillary Clinton.
This embrace of Sanders was about politics, too: Democrats wanted to increase their numbers, and they needed Sanders to caucus with them to help win back the Senate majority. The move paid off for both sides. Sanders climbed the ladder: In the last Congress, he was the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee; now, he is the top Democrat on the Budget Committee.
After the 2010 election, Obama cut a deal with the Republicans to extend the George W. Bush-era tax cuts, eliciting outrage from the left. Sanders channeled that anger, unleashing an 8½-hour filibuster. He said in the speech many of the things he had been saying since his populist, rusted-Volkswagen Liberty Union days in the '70s, since political types in Vermont dismissed him as a no-shot gadfly—only now he was doing it on the Senate floor. “This,” he said, his accent immutably Brooklyn, “is a transfer of wealth. It is Robin Hood in reverse. We are taking from the middle class and working families, and we are giving it to the wealthiest people in the country.”
Sanders speaks to reporters about his position on the tax compromise in December 2010 on Capitol Hill in Washington. | AP Photo
Last year, in the midst of the Veterans Affairs scandal, Sanders worked with House and Senate Republicans to overhaul the agency, showing a dose of bipartisanship—something that hasn't been a dominant part of his legislative repertoire.
He is better known for being mostly an ideological purist from the left—advocating for a single-payer, Medicare-for-all-type health care system, railing against Obama's trade agenda.
“I think it was success trumped all,” Welch said. “He's popular with voters. That's a reality. His popularity really mended fences.”
Even some of his critics acknowledge how close he's grown to Senate Democrats.
“We are a tight-knit group—we like one another,” said Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), who nonetheless is a Clinton supporter, in part because she isn't sold on Sanders' eventual “electability.”
One reason analysts and strategists doubt his long-term viability: “democratic socialist.” Another: his record of bashing Democrats. The longer he runs, the better he does, the more the comments will be used to attack him.
In a second interview with Sanders in the Capitol, he talked more with Politico about his relationship, and his tussles, with Democrats.
“By definition, when I was elected mayor of the city of Burlington, I defeated Democrats,” he said with a chuckle. He talked about the importance of the '88 race. “Since that time, in Vermont, I've had a lot of support from the Democrats.
“I was the first independent elected in 40 years, and that caused some confusion,” he continued. “And there were some conservative Democrats who were not enthusiastic about me being in the Democratic Caucus. But that worked itself out over a couple weeks.
“I've supported the Democratic candidates for president,” he added. “I think the relationship is pretty positive.”
“I think in many ways he's become a Democrat in all but name,” said Eric Davis, a political science professor at Vermont's Middlebury College.
“Even so," said Judy Stephany, a Burlington Democrat who lost to Sanders in the mayoral election of ‘83, “if you want to go back to 1981, '85, '87, even the late '80s, this was not a man who liked either party—nor did he call himself a progressive. He has been very steadfast in maintaining his independence.”
It remains to be seen if or how much that will hurt him in the coming months.
“I think that probably goes against him,” said Rep. Elliot Engel (D-N.Y.), who served with Sanders in the House—and who back in '96 even advised a Democrat in Burlington not to run against Sanders. But now? “The nominee of the Democratic Party you would think would be a Democrat.” He paused. “In fairness to Bernie, he always caucused with the Democrats. He's a socialist in name … but in terms of political affiliation, he's just like any other Democrat.”
Why then, Politico asked, why not just say so? Why not become a Democrat? Especially now.
Sanders wouldn't say.
“I'm running for the Democratic nomination,” he said. He assured he would meet “all the regulations and requirements.” “I look forward to doing that,” he said. Another non-answer.
The real answer courses through his career. “Ideologically bankrupt …” “You don't change the system …” “Why should we work …?” Many people, in Washington and Vermont, Sanders supporters and not, say that since his earliest, more radical start, the tenor of his rhetoric has changed. But the essence of his beliefs, the core of who he's been and who he is—that unapologetic, almost confrontational “I”—has not.
“In real terms,” he told a reporter doing an interview for Playboy, “what the Democratic campaign program is about is: We're pretty bad, but they're worse, vote for us. That's true: We're pretty bad, but the Republicans are worse, and that's the reason you should vote for Democrats.”
“I am not a Democrat,” he told the Progressive, “because the Democratic Party does not represent, and has not for many years, the interests of my constituency, which is primarily working families, middle-class people and low-income people.”
Sanders didn't say those things in the '70s or the '80s. He said those things not even two years ago.
For about six months now, Sound of Young America editor Nick White and I have been working on a secret project. Now, the secret can be revealed... please welcome WTF with Marc Maron, the public radio series!
We've taken the hundreds of episodes of the WTF podcast and boiled them down to what we think is ten hours of exceptionally compelling radio. We've chosen the best stories and the best guests and made a ten-episode public radio series, produced by Marc, Nick and me.
Thanks to the kind support of Torey Malatia and Ira Glass, our first station commitment came from WBEZ and Chicago Public Media. We've got lots of other stations on tap, but feel free to let your station know it's available on PRX and that you love it. We hope that stations will air it this summer and early fall all over the country. (It was Torey and Ira's insistence, by the way, that led us to keep the name "WTF".)
If you want to hear the show, you can check it out, share it and review it on PRX. Our goal was to capture what makes WTF special and communicate it to folks who aren't comedy nerds - or even necessarily comedy fans. I think they sound wonderful.
Here's the first episode:
And here are the great promos Ira made out of the kindness of his (very kind) heart:
On Saturday night, Angels closer Huston Street had to be helped off the field after suffering a groin injury. The team is still waiting for more information, but manager Mike Scioscia said the early prognosis is “not good,” as Bill Shaikin of the Los Angeles Times writes. On Sunday, Scioscia added that the injury was “significant” (via Mike DiGiovanna of the L.A. Times on Twitter) and that doesn't leave a ton of room for optimism as the Angels wait for the MRI results. Here's the latest on Street and how the Angels might explore their limited options at this stage of the season…
Newest updates
Street told reporters (including Jeff Fletcher of the Orange County Register) that he suffered a Grade 1 groin strain and will be out for the rest of the regular season. Since a Grade 1 is the least-serious level of strain, however, there's still a chance Street could return in the playoffs provided the Angels make it deep enough into the postseason.
Earlier today
Hold your horses. Talking badly about Breath of the Wild? Are you out of your mind, Brandon? This is how you get harassed.
Here's the thing, guys. Breath of the Wild is a good game. It's an excellent one, I must add, and goes within the category of best games that I have ever played. It's even cooler knowing that I could play this on the go. Sure, the story fell a little bit flat by the end and went a bit anticlimactic with some banal levels of voice acting, but everything else is just absolutely wonderful. Oh yes, did I mention just how much I loved this game? It's just so good, and now I'm positively gushing. You should have heard me on the podcast pilot.
So good, in fact, that it's ruined open-world gaming for me. I can't look at them the same ever again after having played Breath of the Wild. That's saying something, considering we just came off the burning heels of Horizon: Zero Dawn, Final Fantasy XV, or the way too acclaimed The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt (Fine, it deserves all its accolades, grumbles). What was it about Breath of the Wild that did me in? The idea of the world being literally “open.”
You see, most of these games have these artificial barriers in place. Just because you see something incredible-looking in the distance doesn't quite correlate to being able to interact with it. A big mountain in the distance? Sorry, you have to find the path going up the mountain or go around it if you want to get places. In a better example, those irritating ledges in Pokémon work one way – you jump down, you will not jump back up going the other way, unless you go around it.
Breath of the Wild, on the other hand, takes that all way. With the combination of some absolutely incredible physics at work, some fantasy levels of endurance, and some brutally frequent rainfall, the game really does let you go at it, and climb anything you can get your grubby little mitts on. You can get literally anywhere, after you leave the Great Plateau, and pursue your own journey as you head towards Calamity Ganon… or beeline straight for him, stark naked, and proceed to kill him with naught but a frying pan lid and a wooden spoon, taking absolutely no damage. If you're that guy, we can't be friends.
Going back to the topic at hand, Nintendo's decision to create this wonderful, enormous Hyrulean sandbox changes the very foundations of exploration for other titles that call themselves open-world. Having to walk around mountains or obstacles feels incredibly trite. A tree that blocks your path in Final Fantasy XV can be blown up with a magic bomb in Breath of the Wild. Sure, these other open-world titles have a nice vista or two to enjoy, but this is compounded and rewarded in Breath of the Wild with these little things called Korok seeds. They're seriously everywhere – a total of 900 of them that encapsulate for more than 70% of the game's content.
I've never been much of a sandbox gamer, but Breath of the Wild enraptured me in its newest reimagining of Hyrule. While my older sibling proceeded to beat through numerous shrines and get his Master Sword fairly quickly, I recall spending plenty of hours scaling mountains or falling off high precipices. Exploring felt fun – not just because you used a Sheikah Slate to open up new parts of the map and climb towers, but because it had a real sense of reward that no other game could come close to matching. Korok seeds, great views, all in a portable form factor, it's impossible to hate.
Recently, I took it upon myself to revisit Final Fantasy XV and play a bit of the new DLC, Episode Gladiolus (Music rating: A+ by the way). As I was heading out towards that content's boss in Gilgamesh, I found myself looking at some of the landscapes that surrounded Eos, and realized that there was no way to interact with some of these landscapes. I kind of wish that it was possible, because there were some actually incredible places. Like, for example, those towering landscapes on the way to the battle against Titan, or up and down those buildings in the ruins of Insomnia. They certainly had the implementation down in the form of the Warp Strike, but it just felt half-baked now after playing Breath of the Wild. Why can't I climb all the way up the walls of that tall building over there?
I'm not writing this as a condescending way to talk badly about these aforementioned games, by the way. I love every single one of them because they all take a similar formula and add their own flair to it. It's just that Breath of the Wild is just one of those games that's once in a generation, a game that's so damn good that nothing else can even hold a candle to it.
Lakewood, Washington
Construction contractor
19-CA-31580
A construction contractor fired five employees after several of them appeared in a YouTube video complaining of hazardous working conditions. Following an investigation, the NLRB regional office issued complaint. As a hearing opened, the case settled, with the workers receiving full backpay and declining reinstatement.
The employees, all immigrants from El Salvador, learned they were building concrete foundations at a former Superfund site and worried that the soil they were handling was contaminated with arsenic and other toxins. They also said they were required to wear badges indicating they'd been trained to handle hazardous materials, when in fact, the badges belonged to other workers and they had never been trained.
Three of the employees took their concerns public in a YouTube video posted on July 21, 2008. Speaking in Spanish, they hid their faces in shadow in an attempt to avoid retaliation. However, within 10 days, the three who appeared in the video and two others who were close to them had all lost their jobs with Rain City Contractors. Through the ensuing months, according to charges filed with the agency's Seattle office, the employer continued to threaten and interrogate other employees, warning them not to talk about working conditions with outsiders.
Following an investigation of the charges, the NLRB Regional Director determined that the YouTube video was protected because the employees voiced concerns about safety in the workplace, and the public airing of their complaints did not lose the Act's protection because they accurately described their concerns about working conditions. On behalf of the NLRB General Counsel, the director issued a complaint calling for a hearing before an administrative law judge.
As the hearing began in June of 2009, NLRB attorneys were prepared to play the video, and to present evidence that the employer had been fined for numerous violations of state law regarding the same concerns as those raised by the workers. However, on the second morning of testimony, Rain City Contractors agreed to settle the case by giving all five workers full backpay for the period from their discharges to the settlement date. The workers declined reinstatement.
Re: CAP
From:ntanden@americanprogress.org To: john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2015-07-02 17:14 Subject: Re: CAP
we would not have as good a location with this scenario; that seems impossible. But something to noodle over. ________________________________ I'm happy to meet w/ him, but we got that guy Johnny Boland to rep us. But again, happy to connect for future. One thing I've been thinking is wouldn't it make sense to use like half of our reserves to pay a downpayment on a building, if the mortgage is substantially lower than rent? This money is accruing with little benefit; real estate is going up a lot more than interest. I don't know if the board would let us take that risk (we'd have obviously a lot less reserves), but it seems like a better use of resources. What do you think? ________________________________ Chris is a good guy and a friend. Married to Katie Jacks who I think you know from Hillaryland. Want to talk to him? ---------- Forwarded message ---------- John and Mary: I hope you and the whole clan are doing well. I thought of you last night as Katie and I were at the home of Lee Satterfield and Patrick Steel for a fundraiser for Hillary. I wanted to reach out to you regarding CAP. My business partner, Doug Damron, was part of the team that represented CAP in its most recent office lease transaction in 2010. He worked closely with Sarah Wartell and Kaliope Poulianos. Also I understand that there were serious conversations about buying a building as well as leasing at that time. The current lease expiration is 3/31/2021 (into Hillary's 2nd Presidential term!) and while that is several years away it may make sense for us to get re-engaged to do a strategic real estate plan for CAP - especially if building ownership is something that is to be considered. Given the administrative changes at CAP with Sarah Wartell and Kaliope Poulianos no longer with the organization, we no longer have the appropriate contacts to keep CAP informed on the real estate market. Any help in reaching out to the powers that be would be greatly appreciated. We want to continue to count CAP as a client and be a resource for them at all times. I wish you a happy and safe 4th of July! Best, Chris Christopher Lucey Managing Director [http://www.ngkf.com/redline.gif] Newmark Grubb Knight Frank 1899 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Suite 300 Washington, D.C. 20006 T 202.312.5471<tel:202.312.5471> M 202.731.6566<tel:202.731.6566> clucey@ngkf.com<mailto:clucey@ngkf.com> [Newmark Grubb Knight Frank]<http://www.ngkf.com/> [Facebook]<http://www.facebook.com/Newmarkkf> [Twitter] <https://twitter.com/ngkf> [LinkedIn] <http://www.linkedin.com/company/newmark-grubb-knight-frank> þ Save a Tree - Think Before You Print. Sustainably Newmark Grubb Knight Frank. NOTICE: This e-mail message and any attachments are intended solely for the use of the intended recipient, and may contain information that is confidential, privileged and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are not permitted to read, disclose, reproduce, distribute, use or take any action in reliance upon this message and any attachments, and we request that you promptly notify the sender and immediately delete this message and any attachments as well as any copies thereof. Delivery of this message to an unintended recipient is not intended to waive any right or privilege. Newmark Grubb Knight Frank is neither qualified nor authorized to give legal or tax advice, and any such advice should be obtained from an appropriate, qualified professional advisor of your own choosing.
A KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC MODIFICATION
Crossguard Lightsabers
By Sithspecter
Description:
You've probably seen The Force Awakens at this point, and Kylo Ren's unique lightsaber as well. The saber features crossguard blades that serve a defensive purpose as well as venting extra heat. Now, you can play through Knights of the Old Republic wielding crossguard lightsabers as your own! This mod adds crossguard lightsabers complete with animations, plus Kylo Ren's lightsaber, to Knights of the Old Republic.
Each of the regular crossguard lightsabers is completely upgradeable. Kylo Ren's lightsaber is not upgradeable, but features animated blade textures to give it the unstable plasma look as seen the The Force Awakens.
Use:
Due to the unique way that Knights of the Old Republic handles lightsabers, to make the lightsabers upgradeable, this mod adds an emitter item which can be bonded with any of the default lightsaber color crystals in the game. Once you have an emitter and a lightsaber color crystal, talk to T3 who can bond them together to give you the new crystal bonded to the emitter. Simply install the new bonded crystal in a single-bladed regular lightsaber, and you now have a Crossguard Lightsaber! The bonded crystals can also be used in double-bladed or short lightsabers, however, they will still be the default double-bladed and short bladed lightsabers. If you want to remove a crystal from an emitter, talk to T3 once more and he will separate the two item.
You can get crossguard lightsabers in the following locations:
Dantooine: Blue crossguard lightsaber on Nemo's body
Kashyyyk: Jolee now comes equipped with a violet crossguard lightsaber
Korriban: Sith lightsaber located in Naga Sadow's tomb has been changed to Kylo Ren's lightsaber, emitter in Marka Ragnos's tomb
Tatooine: Emitter in Kraayt Dragon cave
Unknown World: Emitter on The One's body
Yavin Station: Suvam Tam will sell you 2 emitters (1 in each of his 2nd and 3rd inventory iterations, available after Leviathan)
Cheats:
g_i_crossguard - Emitter which can be bonded with any color crystal in the default game
g_w_lghtsbr09 - Blue crossguard lightsaber (upgradeable)
g_w_lghtsbr10 - Red crossguard lightsaber (upgradeable)
g_w_lghtsbr11 - Green crossguard lightsaber (upgradeable)
g_w_lghtsbr12 - Yellow crossguard lightsaber (upgradeable)
g_w_lghtsbr13 - Violet crossguard lightsaber (upgradeable)
g1_w_lghtsbr03 - Heart of the Guardian crossguard lightsaber (upgradeable)
g1_w_lghtsbr04 - Mantle of the Force crossguard lightsaber (upgradeable)
g_w_kylosaber - Kylo Ren's lightsaber
Installation:
1. Copy all the files in the Override folder of this .zip into your Knights of the Old Republic Override Folder
2. Profit
INCOMPATIBILITY:
DUE TO THE UNIQUE WAY THAT THIS MOD IS SET UP, IT IS LIKELY INCOMPATIBLE WITH MODS THAT HAVE A UPCRYSTALS.2DA OR MODIFY UPCRYSTALS.2DA. THIS MEANS THAT MOST LIGHTSABER MODS WILL BE INCOMPATIBLE. IF YOU USE THIS MOD AND OTHER LIGHTSABER MODS AND HAVE PROBLEMS, UNINSTALL BOTH MODS AND REINSTALL THIS MOD.
Bugs:
Due to limitations with current KotOR modding tools, there are a few very minor issues with this mod. The largest issue is that when you enter any module, the crossguard lightsabers will be extended and will not retract after any period of time. If you hit the "flourish" key or unequip and re-equip the crossguard lightsabers, the saber will retract normally until you enter another module. I cannot fix this bug, it is caused by incomplete code in the tools that we have and I do not have the expertise to edit the tool.
Credit:
Thanks to Fair Strides for helping me troubleshoot the animation issues I was having, essentially writing all the required scripts for me, and for letting me make this mod in spite of my policy of only working on Sleheyron.
Credit goes to Kexikus for the inspiration from your screenshots. They look fantastic so I modeled the screenshots for this mod after your High Definition Skyboxes mod.
Credit goes to Kainzorus Prime for the Prequel Robe Replacement mod seen in the screenshots.
You can download it here: http://deadlystream.com/forum/files/file/412-kotor-prequel-robe-replacement/
Permissions:
Do not upload this mod or assets from this mod, modified or not, to other sites without my express permission. I have uploaded this mod to multiple sites and can provide support on those sites.
Legal:
THIS MODIFICATION IS PROVIDED AS-IS AND IS NOT SUPPORTED BY BIOWARE/OBSIDIAN ENTERTAINMENT, LUCASARTS, DISNEY OR ANY LICENSERS/SPONSORS OF THE MENTIONED COMPANIES. USE OF THIS FILE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THE ABOVE MENTIONED COMPANIES OR THE AUTHOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE CAUSED TO YOUR COMPUTER FOR THE USAGE OF THIS FILE.
The CSS3 :target selector is incredibly powerful and allows us to create attractive widgets which would have required ninja-like JavaScript skills a few years ago. We've already built a tab control and a vertical accordion. In this post, we'll create a horizontal accordion using the same HTML5 markup.
View the demonstration page…
The solution works in IE9, Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Opera and doesn't require JavaScript or images. Again, it fails miserably in IE6, 7 and 8 so you either need a JavaScript shim such as selectivizr or some other fallback.
The HTML
--ADVERTISEMENT--
Here's a reminder of the HTML5 code. It's identical to our vertical accordion: there are a number of section elements with clickable headings contained in the initial h2 tag:
<article class="accordion"> <section id="acc1"> <h2><a href="#acc1">Title One</a></h2> <p>This content appears on page 1.</p> </section> <section id="acc2"> <h2><a href="#acc2">Title Two</a></h2> <p>This content appears on page 2.</p> </section> <section id="acc3"> <h2><a href="#acc3">Title Three</a></h2> <p>This content appears on page 3.</p> </section> <section id="acc4"> <h2><a href="#acc4">Title Four</a></h2> <p>This content appears on page 4.</p> </section> <section id="acc5"> <h2><a href="#acc5">Title Five</a></h2> <p>This content appears on page 5.</p> </section> </article>
The CSS
The CSS is a little more complex but it's worth it. First we style our outer article container:
article.accordion { display: block; width: 43em; margin: 0 auto; background-color: #666; overflow: auto; border-radius: 5px; box-shadow: 0 3px 3px rgba(0,0,0,0.3); }
Each section starts in its closed state; they're floated to the left and have a width of 2em. Overflow is set to hidden and we're also making the text color the same as the background so they effectively look like solid blocks without content:
article.accordion section { position: relative; display: block; float: left; width: 2em; height: 12em; margin: 0.5em 0 0.5em 0.5em; color: #333; background-color: #333; overflow: hidden; border-radius: 3px; }
Now for some nasty prefixed CSS3! Each h2 title is rotated 90° counter-clockwise using a transform and absolutely positioned over the closed section :
article.accordion section h2 { position: absolute; font-size: 1em; font-weight: bold; width: 12em; height: 2em; top: 12em; left: 0; text-indent: 1em; padding: 0; margin: 0; color: #ddd; -webkit-transform-origin: 0 0; -moz-transform-origin: 0 0; -ms-transform-origin: 0 0; -o-transform-origin: 0 0; transform-origin: 0 0; -webkit-transform: rotate(-90deg); -moz-transform: rotate(-90deg); -ms-transform: rotate(-90deg); -o-transform: rotate(-90deg); transform: rotate(-90deg); } article.accordion section h2 a { display: block; width: 100%; line-height: 2em; text-decoration: none; color: inherit; outline: 0 none; }
We can now ‘open' the active section using the :target selector. The section width and colors are changed and the title is moved back to the top:
article.accordion section:target { width: 30em; padding: 0 1em; color: #333; background-color: #fff; } article.accordion section:target h2 { position: static; font-size: 1.3em; text-indent: 0; color: #333; -webkit-transform: rotate(0deg); -moz-transform: rotate(0deg); -ms-transform: rotate(0deg); -o-transform: rotate(0deg); transform: rotate(0deg); }
That's fine, but a CSS3 transition makes it look fantastic:
article.accordion section, article.accordion section h2 { -webkit-transition: all 1s ease; -moz-transition: all 1s ease; -ms-transition: all 1s ease; -o-transition: all 1s ease; transition: all 1s ease; }
View the demonstration page…
It's a shame IE6, 7 and 8 users can't use the widget. IE9 users won't see animation either. But you'd need a lot of time and patience to achieve the same effect using JavaScript! Have fun with it.
Situated between Afghanistan's extensive poppy fields and eager Western markets, Iran has an extensive history of domestic opium, alcohol, tobacco and cannabis use dating back centuries. In recent decades, heroin has become more popular. Most recently, the use of methamphetamine has exploded and is reportedly in demand across the social spectrum, from tired workers to women seeking weight loss.
"Cocaine has become a regular feature at parties among Tehran's richer residents; young people throughout the city smoke marijuana and pop ecstasy pills; opium – viewed as an older person's drug – is still widely considered to be culturally acceptable. In seedy corners of south Tehran, addicts gather to inject heroin, as they always have done. But when crystal meth hit the streets it managed to transcend social divides, and could be found everywhere in the city," The Guardian reports.
Advertisement:
According to the AP, Iranian authorities say that "more than 2.2 million of Iran's 80 million citizens already are addicted to illegal drugs, including 1.3 million on registered treatment programs." The country is waging one of the world's most expensive and dangerous wars against drugs streaming across its 572-mile border with Afghanistan. Enormous quantities of opium and heroin have been seized. But the flow of drugs to their domestic market, and to Europe, has not been stopped.
In the West, Iran is often mischaracterized as a monolithic pariah state. The reality is more complicated. Iran's drug war, which frequently metes out death sentences for traffickers and has reportedly precipitated thousands of police deaths, reflects the country's commitment to the harsh status quo advocated by American and international drug warriors. Its efforts to treat drug addiction as a public health problem instead of a criminal justice issue, however, are on the cutting edge of progressive harm reduction efforts.
Now, says Maziyar Ghiabi, authorities are considering liberalizing laws around using cannabis and opium. Salon spoke to Ghiabi, an Iranian-Italian working on his PhD at Oxford University, who researches drug use and drug policy in Iran, about the past, present and future of the country's war on drugs. Iran, on drug policy like most anything else, is more complicated than many Americans think.
This interview has been edited and condensed.
You've written that Iran might legalize cannabis and opium. Are you serious?
This is an actual possibility but not in the short term. One institution is really discussing measures to regulate the drug market. By regulation of the drug market, we can mean many different things. One of the ideas is to allow certain substances, in this case cannabis and opium, to be used under specific circumstances. It hasn't been clearly stated what these circumstances are. What is interesting to me is that the discussion is open. It is a very interesting fact that in the Islamic Republic such discussions are taking place.
Advertisement:
How is drug policy decided in Iran? Is it controlled by Parliament, or by some other body?
In the last 27 years, all drug laws have been discussed by the Expediency Council. Most of Iranian laws are decided by the Parliament. Drug laws are an exception. The Expediency Council is an institution that was created in 1988 in order to deal with matters of national interest: corruption, drug use, smuggling, national security; questions that are not related to one specific ministry, and that can endanger the Islamic system. And drugs are considered under this label. It's a national security question in a way.
It is an institution which includes leading members of the Islamic Republic, so all of the past presidents of the republic are members of it. Members are appointed by the Supreme Leader. The main feature of people who are part of this institution is experience in policy making. But it's not really important who the members are. There is a bureaucracy of experts behind this institution. It's an expertise which is put into practice.
Tell me a little about the past and present of drug use in Iran. Who uses what, and how has that changed over the past century of social and political upheaval?
Advertisement:
Drug use in Iran is a historical phenomenon. Opium has a really important and ancient role in Iranian history, especially a medical kind of use, popular medicine, as a pain killer mostly. And in the 20th century, the recreational use really expanded. Up to the 1970s, the drug of choice was opium. In the 1950s and 60s, we read narratives by foreigners visiting Iran, the reference to opium is very strong: this affected the labor market, people were often described as ‘unproductive', things like that. But in the 1970s, along with global trends in drug use, heroin becomes more prominent, and it really expands after the success of the Islamic Revolution in 1979, mostly due to harsher prohibitionist laws. The iron law of prohibition says that the harder the prohibition, the harder the drugs.
There's been a progressive move to more kind of modern drugs. In the 2000s, especially after 2004, methamphetamines are really kind of popular. And this is surprising because no one would expect to have something like Breaking Bad in Iran.
What about marijuana?
Advertisement:
That's an indigenous drug to Iran. Marijuana has a name in Persian, shahdaneh. It means royal seed. Its traditional use is really in the cuisine, the dried leaves that you use in yogurt and things like that.
Today, it is a really popular thing among young people because it is grown—as anywhere in the world. But there is a slight difference in cultural terms. Weed is sort of a new thing. Historically, Iranians smoked hashish, they didn't smoke weed. But in the past 10, 15 years, it's become very popular, weed. So there is a trend toward smoking weed, which is also grown in Iran extensively. According to Iranian drug laws, cannabis cultivation is permitted but not for drug use.
Commonplace drug use contradicts the image many Americans have of Iran, as some rigid sanctum of Islamic moral purity. How does this all square?
Advertisement:
I think its the media coverage that Iran has had over the last 3 and half half decades. When Western audiences, particularly Americans, think about Iran, they compare it to an authoritarian, dark place. Whoever has been traveling to Iran finds a different kind of place. Which doesn't mean that it's all happy. But it's complicated.
You've said that Iran has a notably progressive approach to drug users. That's even more surprising than the idea that tons of Iranians use drugs. In what ways is the Iranian approach progressive?
Iranian policymakers have been capable of tackling public health issues such as the HIV epidemic through a progressive set of policies and practices such as needle exchange, including among very problematic and controversial populations of drug users such as prostitutes, prisoners, homeless people. They are usually seen as rather un-Islamic. People consider them, usually, as deviant in Iran. As in the West.
In addition, there has been an incredible expansion of methadone substitution programs, which are implemented in most Iranian prisons and every city. Private methadone clinics, not publicly managed. Of course, it's with public blessing because you need a license to open the clinics, and also there is supervision by the Ministry of Health.
Advertisement:
Harm reduction is a very controversial issue, and there are many ways of defining harm reduction. One of the problems in Iran is that while many of the harm reduction policies have been implemented successfully there has also been reluctance. With regard to the homeless population, there is kind of an ambivalence. At times they are provided with harm reduction services such as needled distribution but at times because drug use remains a criminal behavior they can be incarcerated. The ambivalence of harm reduction is really very similar to the ambivalence in Europe and the United States.
So this reform impulse exists within a state that puts a lot of people to death for drug trafficking. According to a UN report, "At least 69 per cent of executions during the first six months of 2015 were reportedly for drug-related offences." How do these two approaches coexist? Or are they in conflict?
There is a fundamental paradox. Iran, I think leads the statistics in the death penalty for drug traffickers. It is a very problematic situation, the fact is that Iran shares a very long border with Afghanistan and Pakistan, and over the last 35 years Iran's war on drugs has resulted in 3,000 people dead among Iranian law enforcement agents. So they have paid a very high price in fighting drug trafficking. And this has been supported by Europe and the United States. The flow of drugs from Afghanistan is toward Europe, toward the rich markets.
It hasn't produced really substantial results. There are lots of drugs, while in Afghanistan, since the U.S. invasion, opium production has increased an astonishing number.
Advertisement:
Under economic pressure, drug trafficking becomes one of the main sources of income, especially among populations that have been under very difficult economic situations for the past decade. The east region of Iran is very poor, very underdeveloped, and its been paying a high price for the war on drugs. The same in Afghanistan.
What role has the international drug war establishment, including major powers and the UN Office on Drugs and Crime, played in Iranian drug policy? The UN special rapporteur for human rights in Iran has warned that "international agencies and states providing assistance to combatting drug trafficking should also ensure that their activities do not contribute to the execution of individuals for drug crimes." Does the UNODC have culpability for these executions?
The UNODC has a lot of culpability across the world because it supports the war on drugs. So the same negative effects that happen in Iran happen in Colombia. I think this criticism against the UNODC is really part of a way to isolate Iran internationally. The fact that the human rights rapporteur criticizes the UNODC without criticizing the effects of the war on drugs in many other regions is an example of a double standard. Often we forget to deconstruct that the death sentences are really a side effect of the war on drugs. The discourse within Iran is that we are fighting a war because drugs are flowing to Europe.
A fresh 60 minutes after the opening of WonderCon in Anaheim, California, on Friday, March 21st, the Young Animal panel kicked off the show, bringing together editor Jamie S. Rich, curator, writer, artist and rock star Gerard Way, writer Jody Houser (Mother Panic), writer Cecil Castellucci (Shade: The Changing Girl), and writer Jon Rivera (Cave Carson Has a Cybernetic Eye).
Starting off with a discussion of Doom Patrol, and noting that the Director's Cut was released this week, they also said issue number 6 is coming up in April. Way said he feels “super lucky” to be working on the title, and brought up the new scheduling on Doom Patrol. More complicated to put together than expected, the series is going to arrive after a hiatus between 6 and 7, drawn by Mike Allred. Way said keeping the quality of the book was the biggest issue, and they want to be able to guarantee dates rather than being behind. Cancelling the three issues for orders was so that they could re-solicit after the restructuring of the schedule.
Since Way is involved in all of the Young Animal comics, he clarified that he is involved in running the imprint, doing business stuff constantly, so that can get in the way of writing scripts fast enough, he said. He looks at everything that comes in from Young Animal, which takes time. Asked about the evolution of Larry Trainor, Way said he was a character who needed to be figured out over time since the character changed a lot in the past since his inception. He's constantly evolving as a character, too. He's never had a say about what's happening to his body, so Way wanted to give him a chance to talk about that. He's “different” now since he's encountered the Negative Spirit.
Way said he enjoys writing Cliff since he kind of talks like an old man, and some aspects of his character are “kinda sad”, as is Larry, but he still loves writing him.
Way uses Casey to be an entry point into the concepts of the Doom Patrol, and the changes Way has made to the powers of the characters, like Danny.
Issue #6 was the easiest to write, and it's the first time he's written a 6 issue arc where #6 is so different from the previous issues. After the second arc, which is probably going to be 6 issues, Way intends to do “shorter bursts” and two-issue arcs. This is something that Grant Morrison recommended to him, doing 2 or 3 issue arcs.
Talking about doing variant covers for Doom Patrol by non-comics artists, such as the Doom Patrol #6 cover by Samplerman, Way describes it as “bringing fine artists into Young Animal”.
Running the “Bane's Coloring Corner” in the back of the comics, Way said he loved the artist's “super depressing” work. Bane is just inherently funny, Way commented, to laughter. You'll see more of Bane in Cave Carson, he said.
Rich explained to the audience that there's a lot of extra content in Young Animal books, including plenty of text.
Cave Carson has been “running” hard without a pause, Rich said, and Rivera said it's a “journey and adventure”. Establishing the recurring locations in the book was hard because it keeps moving, basically, every couple issues. Michael Avon Oeming's artwork keeps adapting quickly, they said, and Rivera feels he has to work harder to challenge him. Things are “pretty bleak” right now in the series, Rivera said, aside from the Night Pudding. Things get rough for Cave at the end of issue #5, Rivera said. Cave loses his eye, as it leaps out of his head, “Even his eye is sick of him”, Rivera laughed. There are a lot of butts in the comic, Rivera agreed, based on a question sent by his editor Molly Mahan. Rivera said that everyone's butts have been “covered/uncovered” and they are on a second round of that.
In issue #7, Cave will be encountering Superman. Rivera said “zero pressure” in working with Superman. Rivera never dared to dream he'd do so, but it was fun working him into the story. He feels like he “carried the one ring” for a while, and “when I die I get to sail off into the west”, Rivera geek-talked, to laughter.
This will be the story of how Superman and Cave met, “slightly remixed” and inspired by a 1980's comic. In the original comic, Cave was a “complete jerk” to Superman and maybe he regrets that now, Rivera said. It's hard to incorporate Superman into a story like Cave, since if he did arrive, then everything would be “over”, he added. He watched Superman 2 to “prep” to write the series, he admitted. He wished he could've included Louis Lane more, since she's such a fun character.
The new backup feature in the comic will be “The Wonderful World of Rocks” by James Russell, drawn by Benjamin Dewey. In this, you'll start getting information about new characters and their relationship to Cave, Way said.
Mother Panic features three artists doing three issues each, and rotating. Houser said you want consistency in these books, but you also want to include various skills and talents from these artists. They are playing with villains, now, and choosing that change helps, while keeping Violet Paige as the consistency. Working now with Shawn Crystal, whose art is “fantastical”, Houser particularly loves Crystal's flashback scenes for Paige. We've seen stark realism from Tommy Lee Edwards, but now we get a more impressionistic view, too, from Crystal. The semi-villain Pretty was altered in Gather House to become beautiful, but they went too far, and now he's uncanny to look at, whereas Paige was enhanced cybernetically.
Houser said getting to play in the Batman world is interesting, and having a character who doesn't like Batman in that world is interesting. Her points, like the fact that Batman beats up mentally ill people, are challenging to Houser, who personally likes Batman. An old Batman villain, the Ratcatcher, is in the comic, too. Houser knows the character from a Batman/Catwoman comic in the 90's. Ratcatcher was one of Gerard Way's ideas to bring the story further into the DCU. Way figured there “was nothing going on with a character named Ratcatcher and there wasn't”, he laughed. In Mother Panic, the character has served time, is free, has been evicted from his apartment, and is squatting in the basement of the hotel that's the basis of Violet's operations.
There will be one more issue with Shawn Crystal, and then in May, John Paul Leon will be joining issue #7. His style is “different but really cool”, Way said, and he's a big fan. Some of his interior pages in ink, shown in the panel, were really crisp and iconic looking. Space and architecture was handled in a really classic and stark way. There will be a character who's like a “dude wearing a body bag”, which will be very creepy, Houser said, and in that arc Violet will have to decide whether she's really on the path of revenge or not.
Talking about Shade the Changing Girl, Rich reminded that issue #7 comes out next Wednesday, drawn by Marguerite Sauvage. Cecil Castellucci said that working with Sauvage this time, she decided to focus on the character Loma this time. She wanted to veer away from the character Megan this time, and talk about the ways in which Loma is not really cool in her behavior and thinking either, compared even to Megan. She “channeled some madness” working on the series, she said. Focusing on Loma's perspective helped keep the crazy premises of the book on track, and making it “Loma's story” helped Castellucci navigate bringing Megan in, too.
“Life with Honey”, is Loma's favorite Earth TV show, and is drawn by Dan Parent, and is “I Love Lucy” inspired but features the wife of a scientist working on nuclear bombs in Los Alamos. Castellucci liked the idea of an alien being obsessed with a TV show like this. Colorist Kelly Fitzpatrick created a TV grey tone for those features.
Shade the Changing Girl will be hitting the road in issue #8 in May, and will turn up in Gotham, actually. It's tying things in to the other Young Animal books and universe, Castellucci said. The madness is “growing in scope”, Rich said, and asked how that happens. Castellucci said that the thing about madness is that it can't really be tamed. It's taking hold of Loma, and as she is trying to navigate it, it's growing inside her, too.
Asked what Young Animal books relate most to our current day and age, Rich said Shade is the most grounded in the real world, and Castellucci agreed. Rivera reminded that Cave Carson includes bloodthirsty corporations, which is relevant. Houser said that Mother Panic is about the extremely wealthy and how they oppress others, which she sees as apropos.
Way isn't sure they thought about this, starting out, though he agrees that “the best comics are a product of their time”. They didn't necessarily realize that, but have been putting everything around “us into these books”, he said.
Some of the creators have been surprised that things have become even more relevant lately in their comics, and Houser agreed that current times have helped her write an “angry” character when she's not usually an angry person.
Coming up we have Bug! The Adventures of Forager #1, and Way said seeing the art from Mike Allred and Laura Allred is full of excitement. They chose a character who “spoke” to them, and taking an obscure character and working on them is what Young Animal is doing well. Bug is a “big giant tribute to Jack Kirby”, Rich said. You'll see the original Blue Beetle, a Yeti, and a chase through dimensions for “reality shards”. It's something that has been talked about in Cave Carson, slightly changed. It's going to lead up to a Fall/Winter “event” when the books will tie together in a certain way, Way said. The shards have something to do with that.
This summer, the trade paperbacks containing the first 6 issues of each series are coming up, including lots of extras and back up material, Rich said. Design is happening right now, with Way approving things that very morning.
Record Store Day is also coming up, including “DC Young Animal Mixtape” with intros to the comics and a new story by Mike Allred. The cover is by Nick Derrington. Way wanted to work music into this world because it encouraged him to try something different than he'd ever done before, like creating a “sad 70's song from a documentary” sound for Cave Carson.
Way said he wants the songs to be from the worlds of the comics or reflect them. They are talking about recording a song that's by a band that Shade loves with Gerard Way and Cecil Castellucci involved.
Asked about using the Gyro as a symbol in Doom Patrol, Way said he wanted to do a tribute to Andy Warhol. It started as a hotdog, but morphed into different incarnations. The hotdog felt too “phallic”, he said, and they wanted something “nurturing”. He's always been interested in “worlds within things”.
Asked how these books fit into DCU continuity, Way said it's something they are developing, and it will define over time. It's on the “fringe” of the DCU, happening a little on the outside of the Rebirth elements. They've had to get permission for the Bat characters, and Mother Panic is set in Gotham, but at a distance.
Asked if they want to live in the worlds of their comics, Jody Houser said Gotham had too much danger, need for health insurance, etc. Cecil Castellucci said she wouldn't mind visiting Meta. Rivera would like to go back to the underground Muldroog once things have calmed down. Gerard Way wants to visit Dannyland.
The media response has been non-existent. Meanwhile, the Trump Administration has expunged climate change resources from the Environmental Protection Agency website, and scrapped rules by the Obama Administration to curb the coal power plant emissions that are driving global warming, thereby strengthening hurricanes like Maria and Harvey.
Texas's Harvey caused the uncontrolled release of 4.6 million pounds of air pollution from refineries and chemical plants across 13 counties, including known carcinogens. Toxic chemicals flowed through the floodwaters across the region. A former CEO of Shell Oil is now tasked with leading Houston's recovery efforts, so taxpayer money will likely prop up the same industries that caused many of these problems in the first place.
If all of this wasn't outrageous enough, amidst so much suffering in Puerto Rico, Trump declared, “I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you are throwing our budget out of whack.”
I expect this from Trump. But it's been disappointing – and scary! – how even the average person bearing witness to such suffering doesn't mention climate change or even denies it is an issue in record-breaking hurricanes like Maria.
The other day, a fellow Latino right here in the progressive Bay Area told me that hurricanes like Maria were in the Bible, and that they are occurring due to our lack of belief in God. I immediately responded that Puerto Ricans in general are a devout people. My family members on the island are practicing Catholics, Pentecostals, and Baptists. If God punished them, out of all people, with Hurricane Maria, then the rest of us are really screwed.
That exchange rattled me. I've always, quietly, tried to live a more sustainable life by shopping at our local farmer's market, preparing vegetarian meals at home, and taking public transportation. However, I know that these actions won't have the same impact as good public policy or collective action from citizens across the United States and the world. Combating climate change at the magnitude that we need goes beyond any one of us: we will have a greater impact if coal power plant emissions are curbed, if we eschew the build-out of fossil fuel infrastructure, and join our allies in the world to collectively take action such as the Paris climate accord that the Trump Administration backed out of.
Trump's irresponsible response to this issue has made me feel angry, helpless, but also helped build my resolve. Ever since his election, I have found myself more involved in my local community, trying to educate myself and the wider community on what we can do collectively to resist bad policies on the federal level. One of those areas is how to lower our carbon emissions on the local level and set an example for the rest of the nation.
At the Ecology Center — a local non-profit where I serve as a board member -- we are working with other organizations to promote policies that get us away from an economy fueled by oil, gas and coal, towards renewable and sustainable energy sources. We've been organizing the community to fight against the expansion of fossil fuel infrastructure, fighting the plastics industry -- an increasingly earth-destroying arm of the fossil fuel industry – and training the next generation of environmental justice advocates through our Youth Environmental Academy.
The Ecology Center is a tiny organization in a small city in a massive country. But four decades ago we introduced the country's first recycling program, and now that is a mainstream practice. Can we do it again with climate change awareness and action? I certainly hope so. We don't have a choice.
Who's with me? What are you all doing to help combat climate change?
This piece was adapted from a fundraising appeal I made on behalf of the Ecology Center of Berkeley, California. If you are moved to, please donate to the Ecology Center, or seek out non-profit organizations or community groups where you live that are actively engaged in taking action on climate change. It's going to take all of us! With love and urgency, Elisa
The volatile qualifier in C/C++ is widely misunderstood. Because it is described so vaguely in language standards, many people interpret it as a do-what-I-mean qualifier.
What the standard says is that accesses to volatile objects must be evaluated strictly according to the abstract machine defined by the language standard; this means that if the C/C++ code reads the volatile object twice, then the machine code must do so as wel. The standard says that volatile objects must be stable at sequence points; this means, approximately, that in between statements all reads and writes of volatile objects must have been completed–the value may not be cached in a register. The standard makes clear that it is possible that the values of volatile objects may change in some unknown way between accesses.
One relatively unimportant misunderstanding is due to the fact that the standard only talks about accesses to volatile objects. It does not talk about accesses via volatile qualified pointers. Some programmers believe that using a pointer-to-volatile should be handled as though it pointed to a volatile object. That is not guaranteed by the standard and is therefore not portable. However, this is relatively unimportant because gcc does in fact treat a pointer-to-volatile as though it pointed to a volatile object.
A way to think about volatile is to observe that it was invented to support memory mapped hardware. Some hardware is controlled by accesses to specific memory addresses. For example, a serial controller often handles input by setting a bit in one memory location and making the new byte available in another memory location. The kernel code must observe that the bit is set, read the byte, and set another bit to tell the serial controller that the byte has been read (I'm skipping the interrupt which is also involved). These accesses should use volatile to make sure that they happen in the exact order written in the program.
The standard also explicitly describes two other uses of volatile. One is for setjmp and is relatively uninteresting. The other is that a variable of type volatile sig_atomic_t may be set in a signal handler and read by code outside the signal handler. In fact, just about all that a portable signal handler may do is set such a variable.
For dealing with memory mapped hardware, volatile is exactly what you want. For most other types of code, including multi-threaded code, volatile does not help.
Using volatile does not mean that the variable is accessed atomically; no locks are used. Using volatile does not mean that other cores in a multi-core system will see the memory accesses; no cache flushes are used. While volatile writes are guaranteed to occur in the program order for the core which is executing them, there is no guarantee that any other core will see the writes in the same order. Using volatile does not imply any sort of memory barrier; the processor can and will rearrange volatile memory accesses (this will not happen for address ranges used for memory mapped hardware, but it will for ordinary memory).
Conversely, if you use the locking primitives which are part of any threading library, then you do not need to use volatile. The locking primitives will include the required memory barriers or cache flushes. They will include whatever special directives are needed to tell the compiler that memory must be stable.
There is one case where volatile may be used for multi-threaded programming with some reliability. You may use a single volatile sig_atomic_t variable to communicate between threads, much as you may use such a variable to communicate between a signal handler and the main program. You should not use more than one such variable to communicate between any pair of threads, as there is no guarantee that the different threads will see the accesses in the same order.
In summary, if you are using volatile for anything other than manipulating memory mapped hardware, or for very limited communication between threads, it is very likely that you are making a mistake. Think carefully about what volatile means and about what it does not mean.
Abbott sides with big miners over tax
Updated
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott says he cannot see how the Coalition could back the Government's move to put a 40 per cent tax on mining profits.
Mr Abbott has given his strongest indication so far that the Opposition will block the tax after meeting with senior mining executives in Canberra today.
Mr Abbott has been speaking with BHP Billiton executive Marius Kloppers and Rio Tinto Australia managing director David Peever in Canberra as Prime Minister Kevin Rudd held a series of meetings with mining heavyweights in Perth.
The Government's announcement on Sunday that it would impose a tax on the above-normal profits of mining companies has been met with outrage from the resources sector and has seen mining stocks plunge.
Emerging from today's meeting, Mr Abbott said he could see "no way" the Coalition could support the tax.
"I reiterate that I can see no good arguments for this great big new tax," he said.
"It is a very, very bad tax. The only way to avoid it is to ensure there is a change of government at the next election."
Overnight London-listed shares in BHP Billiton shed nearly 8 per cent and Rio Tinto shares dropped more than 6 per cent.
The Government has accused the mining industry of running a scare campaign and Mr Rudd has indicated he will not budge from the 40 per cent rate.
"It's inevitable that mining companies are going to complain," he said.
"We intend through an extended consultation process to work our way through it.
"A whole range of points of view were put [forward today]. We'll try and work through the detail of that."
Greens Leader Bob Brown has urged the Government to stick to its guns.
"The mining corporations have far too much say in the running of this country without being representative, they are a massive lobby on both parties in Canberra," he said.
"They have the Coalition on a string, but this Labor Government, which stands up for average Australians, should stay strong on what is a proper idea."
'Heavy-handed' tax
Mincor Resources managing director David Moore says the tax will have dire consequences for the industry.
"We can only hope and pray that through the consultation process there's is a sense returned to how this tax is applied, and hopefully the tax goes away altogether," he said.
Toro Energy managing director Greg Hall says his company may have to reconsider at least one project.
"We're evaluating our project in Western Australia on the basis of this additional tax regime and determining what that means for us," he said.
WA Premier Colin Barnett says the tax should be dropped or scaled back.
"This is very heavy-handed," he said.
Meanwhile, Canadian finance minister Jim Flaherty says the new tax could benefit his country because investors will seek places to invest that have lower taxes.
Topics: mining-industry, industry, government-and-politics, federal-government, abbott-tony, rudd-kevin, australia, wa
First posted
We all have bad habits.
Things we want to keep in the past and would rather our friends not know about us.
But Batman is better than us, right? He's a master of martial arts, criminology, a a world class detective and apparently a real jack-ass.
It's time to rifle through Batman's dirty laundry and shake some skeletons out of the closet and see what turns up.
Here is a list of the Dark Knight's embarrassingly bad habits, some of which he has managed to beat.
Let's count down 5 of Batman's most ill-advised habits, and I'm sure you can suggest a few Bad Batman Habits in the comments.
#5 BATMAN'S CHAIN SMOKING HABIT
In the modern comics Batman is in tip top shape. But it was not always that way. In his earliest appearances he was constantly smoking a tobacco pipe, fitting in time to solve murder cases when we are bored, nor too busy smoking.
Batman / Bruce Wayne loved a good puff back in the day.
Sometimes when he was not busy smoking he would even consider solving a case or two. Because he had “nothing else to do”.
#4 BATMAN USES GUNS
It is no secret that Batman used guns in his first year as a masked dual identity avenger. But that was swiftly changed when the DC staff realized how much kids loved batman – they did away with the guns. Modern Batman has also used guns sometimes, usually getting retconned away at the blink of a batarang.
I love the scene where Batman shoots at some explosives as a distraction.
“Well here goes. I hope I don't get blown up.”
Way to use your that brain of yours Batman. IDIOT!
#3 BATMAN KEEPS KILLING PEOPLE
The cavalier attitude of Batman in his first year as the Dark Knight Detective resulted in significant incidental deaths. Knocking people out of high rise window, off platforms in chemical factories, swinging into a dudes neck with his foot resulting in a broken neck, not to mention hanging one of Hugo Strange's Monster Men in Batman#1.
In Detective Comics #27 Batman shoves a man over a railing into an acid tank.
In Detective Comics #30 Batman swings toward a bad guy with his head out a window, his foot directly colliding with the unfortunate mans neck. A sickening *snap* highlights the Batman's brutal treatment of this criminal.
If you thought that was bad, it gets worse. In the back up story in Batman #1 (the same issue where Robin debuts) Batman hangs one of Hugo Strange's Monster Men.
On the previous page he fires a mounted machine gun at the bad guys van, commenting
“Much as I hate to take human life, I'm afraid this time it's necessary!”
If you thought that Batman executing a criminal was bad, it gets worse…
In Detective Comics #39, Batman pushes a giant idol onto a whole mess of bad guys with no remorse, and no good for reason for doing it in the first place.
Unlike in the video games, these guys are not just resting their eyes for a really long time.
#2 BATMAN IS A DRUG ADDICT
In Legends of the Dark Knight #16-20 Batman gets hooked on the super steroid drug Venom (the same drug that villain Bane would take years later).
After failing to save the life of a young girl trapped underwater by a giant boulder, Batman is convinced he needs to get stronger. Failing to surpass his limits in weight lifting, he turns to a new designer drug from a madman chemist who is out to build his own mindless insane Super Soldiers, and he wants to recruit Batman. (Yeah he's also the villain SHERLOCK, way to use that Bat-Brain of yours again World's Best Detective!)
The Dark Knight eventually triumphs, but not before becoming a deranged addict, sending Alfred packing and refusing to read the newspaper.
Batman goes to his dealer and also disrespects Alfred. I have not included the panel where he beats up a young kid and threatens to rip his head off. No, I'm not joking.
An overly aggressive and out of balance Bruce sends his trusty Butler and friend Alfred packing
Legends of the Dark Knight #18,1991 has the infamous cover of a strung out Bruce Wayne. In this issue he comes to his senses and has Alfred lock him in the Batcave for a month in a self-imposed detox.
And in the next issue after Batman kicks his habit he fights a shark on one of my favourite Batman covers of all time.
Proving to kids that they don't need drugs to fight crime or beat up innocent sea creatures!
Okay, some of that stuff was a little bit crazy, but now it's time to get nuts…
#1 BATMAN IS BATBALLS CRAZY
In World Finest Comics #153, 1965 Batman becomes convinced that Superman killed his father, slaps Robin for DARING to question his insane crusade to get Superman, and teams up with Lex Luthor (after revealing he is secretly Bruce Wayne/Batman) to finally take down Superman.
Sounds CRAZY?
Well it was.
The story was part of DC's line of “Imaginary Stories”. Whatever the hell that meant. Stories that were made up for comic books that never really happened. You know, like every comic book story ever.
Wait a minute, are not ALL comic books stories made up stories?
Who can say what really happened, what was an imaginary story, hallucination or dream sequence? The writers? The readers? Does anyone really care?
It's a pointless discussion, as all superhero comics are imaginary stories. But fans actually argue about this kind of nonsense all the time in internet forums, podcasts etc. I've never done it… as far as you know.
Anyway, take a look at the images for yourself and see how crazy Batman was in this story.
Batman is convinced Superman killed his dad! He must get revenge, but not before he vandalizes a giant picture of Superman – the fiend!
Why he bothered to get a near life sized portrait of Superman to scratch up with a knife when he could have been busy getting revenge on his friend I don't know. But Bruce Wayne is crazy and has loads of money, so he'll probably write it off come tax time.
While it is highly unlikely Batman will use any of the bizarre tactics from World's Finest #153 in Batman V Superman, the idea that he just might make me laugh.
“I'll end Superman's career forever”
Yells an angry Batman to a picture of his parents on the wall.
Yeah, yelling at pictures will get the job done Bats, you nutcase!
Then Batman *slaps* Robin for daring to question his totally bonkers ideas about Superman.
Of course then he hypnotizes Robin (*cough* brain washes) to make him forget their conversation before dashing off like a lunatic to shoot Superman with an air rifle on the next page.
Remember, Batman was NOT on drugs in this story kids, that was a different story.
Batman puts his sniper skills to the test, tagging Superman with a radioactive tracer round.
Superman picks up an odd sound, but otherwise has no idea that his best friend just fired a rifle at him. Some friend Batman is!
Later in the story, Batman knocks out Superman with a Kryptonite Batarang, (as you do for good friends) putting a quick end to the former World's Finest team. It's dopey but still kind of cool.
During the story Batman reveals his secret identity to Luthor, and teams up with him. The story ends with Batman accidentally finding out (through not using his famous detective skills whatsoever) that Lex Luthor was the one who really killed his father. DOH!
The World's Greatest Jack-Ass triumphs again.
WHOOPS! Sorry about that old chum.
“I've taken you down with my Kryptonite Batarang and now now I must confess my secret identity to your worst enemy, who is now my new best friend”.
I hope you had as much fun reading this post as I did write it, it took me ages as I could not stop laughing at some of these crazy panels.
So what bad habits do you feel Batman needs to give up? I look forward to reading your comments.
Advertisements
This is kind of sad: word late last week of the end of U.S. News & World Report as a print publication, after a 77-year run. (Technically, it will no longer be something you can subscribe to, though some standalone issues will still be published and go on sale.) The in-house memo announcing the change, which has a resolutely upbeat "taking this opportunity to spend more time with the family" tone, is on the Romenesko site here. Eg:
>>Colleagues, We're finally ready to complete our transition to a predominantly digital publishing model with selected, single-topic print issues. This will allow us to make the most of the proven products, useful journalism, and great audience growth we've been sustaining... As you know, we've been a leading innovator in adapting to the changing environment -- and we don't intend to give up that lead.<<
During a nearly two-year stint as editor of US News in the late 1990s, I learned a lot about the rigors of the "business space" for weekly newsmagazines. These were especially apparent from the perspective of US News, as the number-three contender (behind Time and Newsweek) in a field that, in the long run, can probably support one entrant at most. It was clear even then that without the rankings business that US News had pioneered--"America's Best Colleges" and so on--the publication would have had a hard time going on; rankings appear to be its main emphasis in its web-based future.
For some other time, more discussion on how colleges might blunt the distorting effects of US News rankings; why, exactly, the weekly newsmag business has proven so tough; what will become of the magazine's famous back-page owner's editorials, which are a genre of their own; etc. For now, I'm sorry to note the end of any publication. I'd seen US News around the household when I was a kid, relied on it for competitive-debate prep when I was in high school, and truly cared about it later on. Journalisto sum; journalisti nihil a alienum puto.*
_____
* This is a homemade translation, so don't bother telling me how it's wrong, especially as regards "journalisto"! The image above, of an old US News cover before its merger with World Report, from here.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
July 27, 2015, 8:21 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Eun Kyung Kim
TiAnna Greene was taking her daughter to summer camp one recent morning when she witnessed an act of kindness that took her breath away.
While stopped at a traffic light, she saw a Florida police officer sit down on a street curb next to a homeless man and hand him some food and a cup of coffee.
“What really caught my attention was the fact she then pulled out food for herself and started to eat with him. She just seemed very, very comfortable,” Greene said. “I got my phone out and started snapping pictures because I was so overjoyed by the interaction.”
Greene posted the photos on her Facebook page, wanting to share with friends the stranger's kind act, something “that seemed to come naturally for her," she said. The post went viral, particularly after the Ocala Police Department also shared the photos on social media.
RELATED: Policeman spends last day giving gift cards, instead of tickets, to community
“I didn't know who she was but I really wanted her to know that it touched me and I'm pretty sure it touched that gentleman,” said Greene, who was thrilled her 7-year-old second grader also got to see the gesture.
"I told my daughter, ‘See. That is truly a sign of compassion,'” she said. “It really brightened my day, and I actually had several good days after from that one encounter.”
Sgt. Erica Hay Ocala Police Department
The Ocala Police Department identified the officer in Greene's photos as Sgt. Erica Hay, who told TODAY.com she was on her way to get breakfast at a local donut store when she noticed the homeless man.
“We're not a large community so I know most everybody, especially the homeless in the area, but I didn't know him," Hay said.
RELATED: Homeless man returns purse with $400 to single mom with cancer
“He was just there by himself alone, so I just grabbed food and went back to eat with him. Nobody wants to eat alone,” she said, adding: “I like eating with anybody.”
The Ocala Police Department posted images on Instagram taken by TiAnna Greene, which show an Ocala police officer sitting down at a gas station, having breakfast with a homeless man. The officer is identified as Sgt. Erica Hay. The police department states that she bought and shared a meal with the man. Ocala Police Department Public Information Office/Instagram
Hay downplayed her actions, explaining she just wanted to help someone whose life is a struggle daily.
“Isolation is the worst part about being someone who is homeless. They're isolated from everyone, and I think any type of interaction is a positive thing,” she said. “He was great. He was nice to talk to. He's got a story, just like everyone else. It just happens to be a sad story.”
Hay also tried to deflect attention back to Greene, with whom she has since become Facebook friends.
“TiAnna is an amazing lady. I'm glad she took a minute out of her day to share something positive about law enforcement,” Hay said. “I'm just glad that it's helped others see police officers in a good way. We all need that.”
RELATED: Police officer helps woman who lost more than 200 pounds finish 10K race
But Greene said Hay, a 20-year police veteran, is the one who deserves all the recognition.
“I just really wanted her to know that it touched me and I'm pretty sure it touched that gentleman,” she said.
“I just wanted her to know that she was caught doing something nice and I really appreciated it. And it helped my daughter understand that not all police officers are bad, that there are good people in all positions. It just depends on who's carrying it.”
Follow TODAY.com writer Eun Kyung Kim on Twitter.
Voters in Massachusetts are giving Gov. Charlie Baker high marks. Actually, no governor is getting better ones, according to a new poll.
At 74 percent, Baker has the highest approval rating of any sitting governor in the country, according to nation-wide survey conducted and released today by Morning Consult, a Washington, D.C.-based polling and newsletter outfit.
Morning Consult said the survey — which included more than 75,000 voters in all 50 states and conducted over “several months” — shows that 34 of the nation's governors have approval ratings of 50 percent or higher, though none better than the Swampscott Republican.
While 74 percent approve of the job he's doing, just 14 said they disapprove, according to polling results.
Baker has drawn praise for his handling of problem-plagued agencies like the MBTA and Department of Children and Families during his first year in office, and has thus far largely delivered on his campaign focus of being a level-headed, problem-solver. It's given Democrats few openings in the deep-blue state to criticize him, with many — reluctantly or not — giving him positive reviews.
He's recently, however, had to fend off attacks of his stance of not welcoming a wave of Syrian refugees into the state before getting more answers on the federal vetting process. His position lumped into a group of more than two dozen other Republican governors who either outright supported a ban on refugees in their states or voiced criticism.
Other New England governors weren't so lucky in the poll. Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy, a Democrat (36 percent approval) and Maine Gov. Paul LePage, a Republican (39 percent) are among the lowest rated state CEOs. Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback, a Republican, rated the lowest, at 26 percent.
New Hampshire Gov. Maggie Hassan, who's running for U.S. Senate, had a 57 percent approval rating. First-term Rhode Island Gov. Gina Raimondo checked in at 46 percent.
(Reuters) - An initial flurry of orders has put Tesla Motors' new Model 3 sedan off to a fast start, but the company may need to raise more cash if it hopes to deliver the new electric vehicle to customers on time, analysts said on Friday.
Tesla's stock price bounced around $237 in afternoon trading after opening at nearly $248, the highest mark in six months. Up to Thursday's close, Tesla stock had soared 60 percent since hitting a 12-month low in February.
Chief Executive Elon Musk's ambitious plans include launching the Model 3, Tesla's first mass-market car, in late 2017 and boosting the company's annual production tenfold to 500,000 by 2020.
But there are concerns among some investors in Tesla, which has promised to turn profitable this year, even after the hoopla and exuberance surrounding the unveiling late on Thursday of a Model 3 prototype.
On Friday, Musk said the company had taken orders for 198,000 Model 3s in the first 24 hours. Analysts questioned how long it could take to deliver those cars after the slower-than-expected launch of the company's Model X sport utility vehicle late last year.
Related Coverage Tesla shares surge as Model 3 orders speed past estimates
Higher-than-expected demand could mean that some customers making early reservations may not take delivery until 2019 or 2020, analysts said.
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas, a longtime Tesla booster, predicted the Silicon Valley carmaker's sales will hit just under 250,000 in 2020, but maintained a bullish $333 price target on the stock.
Barclays analyst Brian Johnson, with a bearish $165 price target, believes the surge of Model 3 reservations - each accompanied by a refundable $1,000 deposit - could reach 300,000 by the end of June.
The higher-than-expected number of orders could “set the stage for an equity offering” after the company's first-quarter results are posted, Johnson said.
Much of any additional cash raised this year will be needed for Tesla's new U.S. factories, as well as for further product development, Johnson said.
Tesla Motors' mass-market Model 3 electric cars are seen in this handout picture from Tesla Motors on March 31, 2016. REUTERS/Tesla Motors/Handout via Reuters
While the Model 3 will have a starting price of $35,000, some analysts expect the first cars will sell for an average of $50,000-$60,000. Tesla prices its current models in several “tiers,” depending on content and optional features.
RBC analyst Joseph Spak, who has a $180 price target, said strong initial orders for the Model 3 could help Tesla achieve positive free cash flow - a persistent issue for the company as it has struggled to build production capacity at its Fremont plant in California and finish construction of a battery “gigafactory” near Reno, Nevada.
In February, the company said it expected to be cash-flow positive in March.
Tesla still faces a challenge in ramping up production for the Model 3.
Spak said Tesla may not be able to fulfill many of the early orders before 2019: “Demand was never really our concern, it is more about execution and getting production up to meet demand.”
Tesla, established in 2003, had sold less than 110,000 vehicles in its history through December, Sanford C. Bernstein analysts noted.
Slideshow (6 Images)
By the time the Model 3 goes into production, it could face stiff competition from several entrants.
One key competitor is General Motors Co's Chevrolet Bolt EV, which is expected to launch later this year and also will be priced from around $35,000.
Another is BMW's i3, which is slated soon for an extensive makeover, as well as a redesigned version of the Nissan Leaf that's due late next year.
Underscoring investor wariness about Tesla's prospects, financial service Markit says short interest in the company's stock has been around 25 percent of shares outstanding since early in the year. Short interest is a measure of investors who expect shares to fall.
This Time, Miller & Valasek Hack The Jeep At Speed
Car hacking duo accelerates -- literally -- their epic Jeep Cherokee hack.
[Updated 10:20AM with FCA USA comments]
BLACK HAT USA—Las Vegas--Famed car hackers Charlie Miller and Chris Valasek have taken their 2015 groundbreaking remote hack of a Jeep Cherokee to the next level -- controlling its accelerator, brakes, steering, and electronic parking brake at more dangerous high driving speeds.
Miller and Valasek, both security experts with Uber's Advanced Technology Center, on Thursday here at Black Hat USA will present their latest car hacks, which basically build upon the work they demonstrated a year ago on how they could control the 2014 Jeep Cherokee's electronic functions from afar. They've now advanced their hack of the very same vehicle's electronic controls at high speeds far above the 5 miles-per-hour limit of the initial research.
“This is a new class of attacks against CAN message,” Miller says. “It's still very basic in the types of messages you use” to attack the car, he says. “It's an easy attack.”
While the attacks on the CAN bus itself may be relatively rudimentary, the research it took to figure out how to do so was not. Last year's groundbreaking Jeep hack was all about remotely attacking the vehicle. “This year, we're fine-tuning it,” Valasek says. “It was time-consuming work. It took countless more weeks to figure out how to turn the steering wheel at speed.”
Miller and Valasek reverse-engineered the electronic control unit (ECU) firmware, which communicates via the unsecured CAN bus in short messages. In a nutshell, they tricked the Jeep's controls by impersonating messages. They basically took the ECU offline and impersonated real traffic to force it to follow their instructions, whether it was to accelerate, or turn the steering wheel 90 degrees.
Unlike last year's hack that the two conducted from Miller's living room while Wired journalist Andy Greenberg drove the Jeep, this time they physically plugged into the diagnostic port of the vehicle to send their phony CAN messages, mainly for expediency reasons. “Last year, we showed you can remotely send CAN message. This year, we sent them plugged into the car,” Miller says, and the two did the driving and hacking from the very same Jeep—patched for the zero-day flaw they found last year--this time.
Valasek says they didn't have a new zero-day remote attack vector, so they kept it local. “But you shouldn't have to depend on having zero-day remote vectors to solve” this, he says.
In one attack, Miller and Valasek spun the steering wheel 90 degrees at 60 mph. They also controlled the acceleration pedal, as well as the brakes. “We can permanently lock the electronic parking brake so it's permanently immobilized. Even if you restarted the car, the parking brake would be on and you would not be able to drive anywhere,” Miller says. “We disabled all aspects of steering, so it's super-hard to turn the wheel and even harder if you drive the car without steering [capability] … at any speed.”
They say it's possible the hacks are only a problem for this model of Chrysler's Jeep Cherokee, and they may also apply to other carmakers' vehicles. “This isn't only some Chrysler problem,” Miller says.
Miller and Valasek's live road testing not surprisingly didn't all go smoothly. During a recent test-drive on a country road outside St. Louis, their steering-wheel hack sent the Jeep into a muddy ditch, and they got stuck. A pickup truck driver traveling on the remote stretch of rural highway stopped by to help them out. (That, after a crop-duster operator spotted the disabled Jeep and called 911, sending a policeman to check it out).
“Charlie was running [the attack] in the backseat and we curved, and hit the ditch and couldn't get out because it was super-muddy,” says Valasek, who was at the wheel.
Miller and Valasek last month provided Jeep maker FCA US LLC their new findings, and also provided the carmaker with recommendations for mitigating the attacks they executed. FCA, which issued an historic massive recall of 1.4 million vehicles in the wake of the initial Jeep hack to patch a glaring security hole, recently launched a bug bounty program via Bugcrowd to reward researchers for finding security flaws in its cars.
FCA US said in a statement that such attacks would be difficult to execute. "Based on the material provided, while we admire their creativity, it appears that the researchers have not identified any new remote way to compromise a 2014 Jeep Cherokee or other FCA US vehicles."
The automobile company also noted that the exploits Miller and Valasek demonstrated "require extensive technical knowledge, extended periods of time to write code, and prolonged physical access to the demonstration vehicle," and that the Jeep the researchers used "appears to have been altered back to an older level of software," the unpatched version, the statement said.
Miller and Valasek's latest hacks don't exploit an urgent security flaw like last year's, so there's not likely to be a patch or recall this time around. There is, however, a bug in one of FCA's ECU supplier's firmware that eventually could be fixed, the researchers note. “At a higher level, they [Chrysler] could add more security features to the car: to detect messages that look bad or shouldn't be there and alert” you, Miller says.
The only thing the researchers were not able to pull off was the direct hack of the Jeep's braking system. “We never directly influenced the brakes,” Miller says, mainly because they didn't have the firmware for the ABS module to reverse-engineer it. Instead, they were able to force the brakes to engage when the e-brake was disabled.
Hacking the Jeep driving at high speeds puts an exclamation point on an already serious concern about networked vehicles. “Now you have scary levels of control,” Valasek says of the high-speed hacks.
Video Source: Miller & Valasek
Related Content:
Kelly Jackson Higgins is a Executive Editor at DarkReading.com. She is an award-winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications, including Network Computing, Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
President Donald Trump walked to the stage to speak at a rally Wednesday night in Nashville, Tenn.
NEW YORK — A federal judge in Hawaii issued a nationwide order Wednesday evening blocking President Trump's ban on travel from parts of the Muslim world, dealing a stinging blow to the White House and signaling in pointed language that Trump will have to account in court for his heated rhetoric about Islam.
The ruling was the second major setback for Trump in his pursuit of a policy he has trumpeted as critical for national security. His first attempt to sharply limit travel from a handful of predominantly Muslim countries ended in a courtroom fiasco last month, when a federal court in Seattle halted it.
In his blistering 43-page opinion, US District Judge Derrick K. Watson declared there was a ‘‘strong likelihood of success'' that those suing would prove the directive violated the Constitution.
Advertisement
He lambasted the government, in particular, for asserting that because the ban did not apply to all Muslims in the world, it could not be construed as discriminating against Muslims.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
‘‘The illogic of the Government's contentions is palpable,'' Watson wrote.
Trump reacted to the setback with fury, as he did in response to the earlier ruling.
At a rally in Nashville Wednesday night, raising his voice to a hoarse shout, Trump criticized the judge, as well as the Ninth US Circuit Court of Appeals, which upheld the earlier court ruling and will hear any appeal of the Hawaii decision.
“You don't think this was done by a judge for political reasons, do you?” he asked the crowd. “This ruling makes us look weak — which, by the way, we no longer are, believe me.”
Advertisement
Trump told the crowd the ruling was an “unprecedented judicial overreach.”
After the first judicial defeat, Trump issued a new and narrower travel ban on March 6, trying to satisfy the courts by removing some of the most contentious elements of the original version.
With cheers mounting from his loyal crowd Wednesday night, Trump even said he might reissue the initial version of the order, rather than the one halted Wednesday, which he described as “a watered-down version of the first one.”
After he signed the revised ban, Democratic attorneys general and nonprofit groups that work with immigrants and refugees raced back into court, alleging that it was still a thinly veiled version of the ban on Muslim migration that he had pledged to enact last year, as a presidential candidate.
Watson, a federal judge based in Honolulu, ruled that the state of Hawaii and an individual plaintiff, Ismail Elshikh, the imam of the Muslim Association of Hawaii, had reasonable grounds to challenge the order as religious discrimination. And he concluded that allowing the travel restrictions to go into effect at midnight, as scheduled, could have caused them irreparable harm.
Advertisement
In a pointed decision that repeatedly invoked Trump's public comments, Watson wrote that a “reasonable, objective observer” would view the order as “issued with a purpose to disfavor a particular religion, in spite of its stated, religiously neutral purpose.”
Watson, an Obama appointee, flatly rejected the government's argument that a court would have to probe Trump's “veiled psyche” to deduce religious animus. He quoted extensively from Trump's campaign remarks that Hawaii cited in its lawsuit.
“For instance, there is nothing ‘veiled' about this press release,” Watson wrote, quoting a Trump campaign document titled “Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.”
Watson singled out Elshikh, an American citizen whose Syrian mother-in-law had been pursuing a visa to enter the United States, as having an especially strong claim that the travel regulations would harm him on the basis of his religion.
Administration lawyers had argued in multiple courts Wednesday that the president was merely exercising his national security powers.
In addition to the Hawaii suit, federal judges in Washington state and Maryland heard arguments in two cases challenging the constitutionality of Trump's order: one brought by a coalition of Democratic attorneys general, and another from a collection of nonprofit groups.
In the scramble to defend Trump's order, a single lawyer in the US solicitor general's office, Jeffrey Wall, argued first to a Maryland court and then, by phone, to Watson in Honolulu that no element of the executive order, as written, could be construed as a religious test for travelers.
Wall said the order was based on concerns raised by the Obama administration in its move toward stricter screening of travelers from the six countries affected.
“What the order does is a step beyond what the previous administration did, but it's on the same basis,” Wall said in the Maryland hearing.
Trump's original ban, released on Jan. 27, unleashed scenes of chaos at US airports and spurred mass protests. Issued abruptly on a Friday afternoon, it temporarily barred travel from seven majority-Muslim nations, making no explicit distinction between citizens of those countries who already had green cards or visas and those who did not.
It also suggested that Christian refugees from those countries would be given preference in the future, opening the order up to accusations that it unlawfully targeted Muslims for discrimination.
After a federal court in Seattle issued a broad injunction against the policy, Trump removed major provisions and reissued the order. The new version exempted key groups, like green card and visa holders, and dropped the section that would have given Christians special treatment.
Trump also removed Iraq from the list of countries covered by the ban after the Pentagon expressed worry that it would damage the United States' relationship with the Iraqi government in the fight against the Islamic State. Yet those concessions did not placate critics of the ban, who said it would still function as an unconstitutional religious test, albeit one affecting fewer people: an argument Watson concurred with in his ruling Wednesday.
The lawsuits have also claimed that the order disrupts the operations of companies, charities, public universities, and hospitals that have deep relationships overseas. In the Hawaii case, nearly five dozen technology companies, including Airbnb, Dropbox, Lyft, and TripAdvisor, joined in a brief objecting to the travel ban.
The second, now-halted executive order preserved major components of the original. It would end, with few exceptions, the granting of new visas and green cards to people from six majority-Muslim countries — Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen — for at least 90 days. It would also stop all refugees from entering for 120 days and limit refugee admissions to 50,000 people in the current fiscal year.
Former president Barack Obama had set in motion plans to admit more than twice that number.
Trump has said the pause is needed to reevaluate screening procedures for immigrants from the six countries before allowing travel to resume. “Each of these countries is a state sponsor of terrorism, has been significantly compromised by terrorist organizations, or contains active conflict zones,” he wrote in the order, signed March 6.
Watson's order was not a final ruling on the constitutionality of Trump's ban, and the administration has consistently expressed confidence that courts will ultimately affirm Trump's power to issue the restrictions.
But the legal debate will probably be a protracted and unusually personal fight for the administration, touching Trump and some key aides directly and raising the prospect that their public comments and private communications will be scrutinized extensively.
The lawsuits against the travel ban have extensively cited Trump's comments during the presidential campaign.
Attorney General Bob Ferguson of Washington, who successfully challenged Trump's first order, has indicated that in an extended legal fight, his office could seek depositions from administration officials and request documents that would expose the full process by which Trump aides crafted the ban.
QMX Switch Dampeners Review
The QMX Switch Dampeners or noise reducers are an effort by GMK to silence switches. I believe this is a product that is supposed to be the launching of their new Uniqey branch of custom keyboards. However, these were announced a long time ago and nothing has come of it yet. So what we currently have is the QMX clips.
What they are, are small plastic covers that go over the top of your switches and the sound is dampened by the keycap falling onto a foam pad that is on top.
I am very 50/50 on these. It is first worth pointing out the fundamental flaw which renders these semi useless. The fact they will not work on plate mounted keyboards. This is because they will simply not fit on keyboards with a plate. This is an incredible shame as I can confirm that they do work and do not completely destroy the feel of switches.
These are such a hit and a miss its incredible. To come so close and to completely miss what you are aiming for was perfectly done by GMK on this one. I can only hope the Uniqey keyboard is an incredible board that brings back PCB mounted keyboards and converts everyone. If that doesn't happen, then these have such a small use case.
To test these I had to borrow my friends ErgoDox which did not have a plate. I'm no webwit but I own a couple of keyboards, but none of them at the time were PCB mount only.
What's in the box?
I got two boxes. The first contained the GMK switch tester the second, the clips. I do very much like the switch tester. It is a clear demonstration of the QMX clips ability and is also nice to have a GMK product. It includes 10 switches Red, Black, Brown, Clear and Blue. Both with and without the QMX clips. It comes with 5 very nice GMK doubleshots which justify this product already.
The clips come in their own box in stacks of 5 and you get a total of 110 so you are covered for pretty much all the plate mounted keyboards you have. You also get a plastic keypuller that doubles as a tool to put the clips on.
Using the Clips
Putting on the clips is time consuming but not as much as dental banding a Topre board. The tool is actually helpful although you might not think it. They are surprisingly fiddly and can appear almost on but just not quite. For putting most of them on I did use the tool.
Sound comparison on a PCB mounted ErgoDox.
Bonus typing on zealio planck (no dampening).
Listening back to these recordings I couldn't tell much of a difference. But I will say they do sound better with your ears. In terms of sound these are better than o-rings.
Getting the clips off is a much harder affair. The tool is a one way deal. I'm not sure if you are just meant to keep them on forever, but I could not get the tool to aid at all in the removal process. Instead, I used my own DIY switch opener which is a bent fork. Removing the clips was not a fun experience.
How do they feel?
They feel really good. This is something I was surprised by but I do think these could be nice to type on fulltime. They do feel slightly different, It is hard to describe these as with any switch mod or variation. But you are typing on a small layer of foam. If you are bottoming out, which is a little easier to do with the reduced travel, it feels like a softer landing. At first I really was confused by the feel. It was a noticeable difference. Once I had adjusted, I found I had no problems. Despite the reasonable feel, it is not a feeling that I am left craving after using it.
If you are looking for a dampening solution I do think these are worth looking into. But they do themselves the biggest disfavour by not being compatible with a huge amount of keyboards.
It is hard to put into words, but this is this was a misfire so close to the mark but ultimately a little bit useless.
Giveaway
I will give away my QMX clips. I think I have 109 as I dropped the box and had a hard time finding them all again.
International
Free
Requirement
You must however send me a time stamped photo of your pcb mounted board. Please tweet it to me.
I will pick someone next Friday. You may also subscribe to my youtube channel if you please.
Tweet to @RoastPotatoes_
Though Hannibal, the TV show about fiction's most iconic cannibal, ended its run in August of 2015, showrunner Bryan Fuller has kept fans' hopes alive for a reboot of the series. Back in October, 2016, Fuller commented that he could officially start planning Season 4 of his critically acclaimed series in August, 2017.
That raised a lot of questions, though. Would Fuller still produce the series? And will lead Hugh Dancy and Mads Mikkelsen (who both have very busy careers) be available to bring Fuller's vision to life? Fans are naturally hoping to see Will (Dancy) and Hannibal (Mikkelsen) return to their roles sooner rather than later, but Dancy told TV Guide that the next installment that Fuller has pitched to him could go into production years from now, and still work.
"Frankly, given the story he described, and the way we ended Season 3, it could happen in five years time," Dancy told a small group of reporters at the Television Critics Association winter previews while promoting his Hulu show, The Path. "That wouldn't be problematic in terms of storyline, so I have my fingers crossed."
Hugh Dancy and Mads Mikkelsen, Hannibal Photo: Brooke Palmer/NBC
Dancy has no clear answers about when his, or his costar's, schedules might align to make the new season happen. Not to mention, Fuller is extremely busy executive producing American Gods for Starz, and starting work on Amazing Stories for NBC. The prolific creator recently had to step down as showrunner for CBS All Access' Star Trek: Discovery because his schedule was too cramped. Still, Dancy is optimistic Hannibal isn't dead meat, since the cast — and Fuller — are still passionate about the series.
"I love Bryan. I love the storyline that he outlined for me, if there had been a Season 4 — whether it be on television or some other format, I don't know," Dancy said. "I think if Mads, Bryan and myself could all be available — I can't fully speak for Mads — but it could happen."
Hannibal boss on the finale: If the fans are done, then I will be done
Unfortunately, schedules aren't the only complication for some Hannibal closure. Once Fuller is clear to write the show, he'll also have to examine what Hannibal stories are legally available to delve into. Dancy has his own hopes of where Will and Hannibal might end up on that front, too.
"Part of this comes downs to who owns the rights to which book," Dancy said, referring to Thomas Harris' books, which inspired both the TV and movie series. "I think there are specific elements of 'Silence of the Lambs' that could be explored between Will and Hannibal, very interestingly."
Whatever the cast (and Fuller) can work out, they better hurry it up: fans are hungry for more.
The Path returns to Hulu for a second season on January 25.
Udta censors: Rape raps in 'Housefull 3' is 'UA' but realism in a grim film is 'A'
It has been a week of high-profile clashes between one of India's largest film industries – the Mumbai-based Bollywood – and the Central Board of Film Certification a.k.a the Censor Board.
First, the Punjabi-Hindi film Udta Punjab raked in big bucks on its opening weekend, thanks in large part to the free publicity graciously engineered by the Board's illogical, legally untenable objections to it. Then the Nawazuddin Siddiqui-starrer Haraamkhor, featuring a teacher-student romance, was flatly denied clearance because the examining committee found the theme per se unacceptable.
Now social media is abuzz with news that the invective-filled Saat Uchakkey starring Manoj Bajpayee and Anupam Kher has been thrown out too.
Hold your thoughts on these films for a moment. Let us turn our attention instead to a song that has also emerged from Bollywood in recent weeks:
Teri ma-behen
Ma-behen ma-behen ma-behen ma-behen ma-behen ma-behen
Teri haddiya tootey
Teri khopdi phootey
Teri izzat har koi lootey.
In case you do not understand Hindi, here, in effect, is what these lyrics mean in English:
M*th*rf*ck*r s*st*rf*ck*r
M*th*rf*ck*r s*st*rf*ck*r m*th*rf*ck*r s*st*rf*ck*r m*th*rf*ck*r s*st*rf*ck*r m*th*rf*ck*r s*st*rf*ck*r m*th*rf*ck*r s*st*rf*ck*r m*th*rf*ck*r s*st*rf*ck*r
May your bones break
May your skull crack
May you be repeatedly raped.
For those who do not know, these are the words of a rap song sung by Abhishek Bachchan's character Bunty in another of this month's Bollywood releases, Housefull 3. The Censor Board, which went ballistic over the abuse, drug abuse and politics featured in Udta Punjab – including the same expletives “motherfucker” and “sisterfucker” – appears to have had no qualms about clearing Housefull 3's rape rap.
The situation is steeped in irony and double standards. Director duo Farhad-Sajid's Housefull 3 and Abhishek Chaubey's Udta Punjab have reached theatres within a fortnight of each other. The Censors initially demanded changes in Udta Punjab that, according to various media reports, would have amounted to anything from 89 to 94 cuts. The film ultimately managed to come to theatres with just one cut and an A (restricted to adults) rating when the producers sought the intervention of the Bombay High Court in the matter.
Housefull 3 with its abundance of cuss words and a rape curse set to music, however, was awarded a UA certificate, which means any child can watch this film and the Board is merely putting out a cautionary note for parents who care enough to monitor their children's film-viewing habits. The UA rating stands for “Unrestricted Public Exhibition – but with a word of caution that parental discretion is required for children below 12 years”.
While the country's film industries have been complaining for decades about the inconsistency in Censor rulings from film to film, the current CBFC chief Pahlaj Nihalani's authoritarian ways, personal whims and strange public pronouncements make his tenure a perfect showcase for the extent of ambiguity in the Board's responses to different films.
The contrast between the treatment meted out to Udta Punjab and Housefull 3 is a fine example. The past few months have been littered with similar instances, although none made as much news as Udta Punjab, possibly because of the scale of the Censorship in this case and, more important, the strong stand taken by the film's producers particularly Anurag Kashyap.
Housefull 3's encounter with the CBFC, which has not attracted media attention, is bizarre in its own way. It is a telling illustration of the contradictions often delivered within rulings on the same film in this country. This Akshay Kumar-Junior Bachchan-Riteish Deshmukh-starrer may have managed a UA rating despite its rape rap, but the strictures placed on it (eight in all) throw light on the Board's conflicted misogyny and hypocritical, medieval ultra-conservatism.
For those who have not seen the film, here is the context of the rape rap song. Bunty is an aspiring Indian rapper participating in a contest in London. The judge – who is a white man – derides our desi boy's performance, but accepts his request for a second chance, at which point Bunty belts out the string of Hindi insults that make up the Teri ma-behen number.
Get this: the rape slur in Bunty's rap song was added AFTER the Censors objected to the original material which featured many variants of ma-behen and multiple derisive references to fathers, mothers and sisters. The lyrics were rewritten, every mention of dads was dropped and the rape curse added. The result: a go-ahead from the Board with a UA.
When contacted, Farhad-Sajid refused to comment on the kid-glove treatment given to their film or the apparent inherent confusion within the Board's ruling. So what is one to read from this verdict? That dads are sacred, moms and female siblings are not? That insults referring to relatives are acceptable in limited quantities, but wishing rape on a man is unquestionably okay?
Incidentally, the makers of Housefull 3 were also asked to remove the dialogue “Yeh Baba Shamdev hai” and replace it with “Yeh Tiger Shroff hai”. Clearly, Baba Ramdev and other supporters of the ruling BJP are holy cows in the CBFC's view.
Nihalani and the Board make no bones about their political affiliations, but the rest of their decisions could come across as random to observers. In truth, there is a pattern to the seeming randomness.
Makers of films that are deemed arty, niche, serious or offbeat in public perception are far more likely to get scissored than films by directors who are considered commercially driven and massy. Likewise, reality and straight talk are frowned upon, while fantasy, comedy and innuendo are most likely to pass muster. And while films with big stars have occasionally run into trouble in the past (Udta Punjab's cast, after all, was headlined by Shahid Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor Khan and Alia Bhatt), the fact is that all other things being equal, a film with established, major mainstream stars is far safer in the hands of the Censor Board than a film with unknowns, newcomers and actors who tend to lean towards niche films.
Just seven days before Housefull 3, a small Hindi film called Phobia came to theatres. This excellent psychological thriller directed by Pavan Kirpalani featured a flawless performance by actress Radhika Apte. The certificate to the film is perfectly understandable – Phobia is inexorably frightening. What is not understandable is that despite the A, the Board asked for the words “bitch” (twice) and “screwed up” to be muted.
So according to the Censor Board, it is all right to trivialise and demean women as U and UA-rated Hindi films routinely do, but when a word of abuse is used realistically within a specific context, the Indian adult psyche will be damaged?
In the same week as Phobia, Anu Menon's Hindi-English-Malayalam film Waiting starring Naseeruddin Shah and Kalki Koechlin was released. This gentle tale of life, death and the relationships that come in between has no violent or scary content, yet it was given an A rating because of the heroine's penchant for profanity. Despite the A, despite the thematic significance of the young woman's crude tongue which becomes a subject of discussion between her and the elderly male protagonist, the producers were forced to mute “chutiya”, “bastard” and “motherfucker” while other equally colourful expressions were untouched. Some might consider that better luck than many A film have had.
Menon minces no words about her exasperation with the Censor Board. “Waiting is upfront, and as a society we don't understand upfront discussions. When something is presented clearly, everybody gets uncomfortable, as they did with Udta Punjab. Waiting shows a mirror to young people about how we talk. Everyone prefers films in which everything is slipped under the carpet,” she says, adding, “You know Housefull is considered a family film in our set-up? The general understanding of family films among producers is these Whatsapp jokes that go around – most are sexist, most are really rude and everybody giggles over them. So actually, the response to Housefull is a representation of our society. So is the Censor Board.”
Menon and other industry members point to another factor that governs Censor inconsistency: the filmmakers' own logistical and practical compulsions.
Kanu Behl, debutant director of last year's release Titli, explains: “The Censor Board's response to a film depends on whether you have the willingness to fight, the resources or the time. Yash Raj and Dibakar (Titli's co-producers Dibakar Banerjee and Yash Raj Films) are well known in the industry for not pushing for these things with their clout.”
Titli – a story about a family of violence-prone, foul-mouthed, amoral carjackers in Delhi – may have been considered worthy of the 2014 Cannes film festival and praised by Indian critics when it came to theatres here 17 months later, but between those two occurrences lay the Himalayan hurdle that is the Censor Board.
The film, Behl lets on, was submitted to the Board six weeks before the scheduled release date. The initial examining committee did not clear it, but it was okayed by a revising committee (RC) – the second rung of the Censorship process – with a couple of cuts and an A rating. The director tells us though that ultimately he had to remove – either through muting, ambient sound overlays or other devices – most abuses in the film because Pahlaj Nihalani first kept him and the producers waiting for about two weeks for the certificate and then verbally overruled the RC.
Time is one of the most powerful weapons in the hands of a Censor Board chief on a power trip. “If I had a couple more weeks, I would still have fought on,” says Behl. “It's just that the back and forth took several weeks, and the planned release date was essential for a small film like mine given that just two weeks after me was Prem Ratan Dhan Payo (Sooraj Barjatya's film starring Salman Khan and Sonam Kapoor). Missing the planned date would have meant another six months' postponement to get a Friday on which we would not be clashing with a big film.”
That the Board is unashamed of its games and unspoken prejudices became most glaringly evident in December 2015 when Pan Nalin's Hindi-English Angry Indian Goddesses and the Hindi film Hate Story 3 were released on the same day. Nalin's film – a hard-hitting story of how Indian women stay positive while battling extreme patriarchy on a daily basis – was not just certified A, it had to suffer the ignominy of being a blank-filled experience for viewers since he was asked to mute every single swear word and, weirdly enough, “Indian figure” from a conversation in which a woman tells her friends not to be jealous of her “Indian figure”, “adivasi” when a corporate CEO mentions protests by “adivasis” outside her factory and “sarkar” (government) from a discussion about institutionalised homophobia and government interference in our personal choices in India.
In addition, a film that used Hindu goddesses as a metaphor for the intrinsic strength of Indian women was mindlessly made to blur out all visuals of those deities.
“When you make a movie by the Censor Board rules, you can make the most vulgar picture and get away with it,” is Nalin's lament. “There have been a series of films such as Guddu Ki Gun and Grand Masti in which everything is based on sleaze and double meanings, but they don't see a film like Angry Indian Goddesses in its totality.”
Case in point: The same Board in the same week permitted numerous sex scenes and the liberal use of the F-word unmuted in Hate Story 3, while granting it an A certificate.
The sex in Hate Story 3 is so poorly simulated and poorly acted that you can rest assured this is not what happens in the country's bedrooms. That could be a reason why those scenes were cleared along with the swearing, unlike Angry Indian Goddesses that featured language real women of that milieu do use, in dialogues that flowed naturally.
Milieu and context, of course, are concepts alien to the Censor Board. So are realism and reality as evidenced by the attitude to Udta Punjab. The film's makers could perhaps derive some consolation from the Board's action against Ram Gopal Varma's Veerappan. The film, released last month, featured a scene in which the notorious real-life sandalwood smuggler mentions that LTTE chief Prabhakaran killed former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi. The Censors insisted that instead of a statement of fact, the dialogue should be changed to a speculative sentence about Prabhakaran's role in Rajiv's murder.
Apparently they feared that Tamil sentiments could be hurt by widely known information about an episode in recent Indian history. The sentiments of rape survivors, on the other hand, are irrelevant of course. What is the big deal when children are allowed to watch as rape is wished on a man and couched in comedy, right Mr Nihalani?
(Footnote: This article is based entirely on CBFC's clashes with Bollywood. The Censor woes of India's other film industries, especially southern India's giants, are far worse and merit a separate story. Watch this space.)
Related article by Anna M.M. Vetticad:
“It's tempting to mock Pahlaj Nihalani over ‘The Jungle Book', but let's mock the film censorship system instead”
Updated Date: Jun 22, 2016 14:27:11 IST
Unemployment Benefits and Unemployment in the Great Recession: The Role of Macro Effects
NBER Working Paper No. 19499
Issued in October 2013, Revised in May 2016
NBER Program(s):Economic Fluctuations and Growth
Equilibrium labor market theory suggests that unemployment benefit extensions affect unemployment by impacting both job search decisions by the unemployed and job creation decisions by employers. The existing empirical literature focused on the former effect only. We develop a new methodology necessary to incorporate the measurement of the latter effect. Implementing this methodology in the data, we find that benefit extensions raise equilibrium wages and lead to a sharp contraction in vacancy creation, employment, and a rise in unemployment.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w19499
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago on Monday sued to prevent the Trump administration from enforcing new policies that would withhold money from so-called sanctuary cities that deny U.S. immigration officials access to local jails.
FILE PHOTO - Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel listens to remarks at a news conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. on December 7, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court, said the federal policies force the nation's third largest city to choose between its constitutional rights and funding for law enforcement.
“These new conditions also fly in the face of longstanding City policy that promotes cooperation between local law enforcement and immigrant communities,” the lawsuit said.
The policies also include a requirement that local law enforcement agencies give federal authorities 48 hours notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations.
Democratic Mayor Rahm Emanuel said on Sunday that the city would sue, escalating a pushback against an immigration crackdown launched by Republican President Donald Trump's administration.
“We are bringing this legal challenge because the rhetoric, the threats from this administration embodied in these new conditions imposed on unrelated public safety grants funds are breeding a culture and climate of fear,” Emanuel's senior legal adviser, Corporation Counsel Ed Siskel, said on Monday.The conditions from the Justice Department apply to the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants, which provide money to hundreds of cities. Chicago is expected to receive $3.2 million this year for purchasing equipment.
Siskel said the city will follow the initial complaint with a motion for a preliminary injunction to halt the government's imposition of the new conditions.
The city will request a decision from the judge before the Sept. 5 deadline to apply for the Byrne grant, Siskel said.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Monday that Chicago officials have shown an “open hostility” to enforcing laws designed to reduce crime and protect law enforcement.
He added that more Chicagoans were murdered last year than residents of Los Angeles and New York combined, and that Chicago needed to reverse a “culture of lawlessness.”
“This administration will not simply give away grant dollars to city governments that proudly violate the rule of law and protect criminal aliens at the expense of public safety,” Sessions said in a statement.
The lawsuit is the first to challenge the Justice Department over the Byrne program but is not the first legal attack on the administration's sanctuary city policies.
Emanuel said on Sunday that the lawsuit would prevent the administration from setting a precedent that could be used to target other funding.
Sanctuary cities in general offer illegal immigrants safe harbor by declining to use municipal resources to enforce federal immigration laws. Dozens of local governments and cities, including New York and San Francisco, are part of the sanctuary movement. “Sanctuary city” is not an official designation.
The lawsuit came nearly two weeks after Sessions said the Justice Department would bar cities from the Byrne program unless they allowed immigration authorities unlimited access to local jails and give the 48 hours pre-release notice.
Chicago and its high murder rate have been frequently criticized by Trump, and cracking down on illegal immigration was a theme of his 2016 presidential campaign.
Share. No word on what the company cost. No word on what the company cost.
Update: Microsoft has provided official comment to IGN on numerous subjects.
Havok will not be limited to Microsoft exclusively. “We will continue to license Havok's technology to the broad AAA games industry," a representative told IGN. "This also means that we will continue to license Havok's technology to run across various game consoles including Sony and Nintendo.”
On the subject of what Microsoft paid for the acquisition, we were told, “We are not discussing financial details at this time.”
Finally, Microsoft told IGN, "We are working closely with the team at Havok to ensure a smooth transition, but have nothing further to announce at this time.”
Havok, the company known for its fantastic physics in video games, has been acquired by Microsoft. The Xbox publisher purchased Havok from Intel. Microsoft explained that this is part of "building the most complete cloud service."
"Microsoft's acquisition of Havok continues our tradition of empowering developers by providing them with the tools to unleash their creativity to the world," the company's corporate article reads. "We will continue to innovate for the benefit of development partners. Part of this innovation will include building the most complete cloud service, which we've just started to show through games like 'Crackdown 3.'"
Havok was used recently for Destiny, Mortal Kombat X, Dark Souls 2, and Watch Dogs.
Microsoft did not announce if Havok will continue to provide physics for third-party games, nor how much the acquisition cost.
Mitch Dyer is an Editor at IGN. Talk to him about Dota 2, movies, books, and other stuff on Twitter at @MitchyD and subscribe to MitchyD on Twitch.
The carbon cycle is essential to life on earth, but scientists still struggle to grasp its complexities. Most research to date has focused on major sources of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide, such as deforestation and the use of fossil fuels. Now some scientists have begun to explore subtler factors, such as the interplay between plants and animals. A new study has come to the counterintuitive conclusion that plants might accumulate more carbon in the presence of predators and herbivores than they do in isolated locales, where they are less likely to be eaten or trampled.
To tease out interactions between the plant and animal worlds, Yale University ecologist Oswald Schmitz and his colleagues built three enclosed grassland environments—one with meadow vegetation only; one with vegetation and herbivorous grasshoppers; and one with carnivorous spiders, along with the grasshoppers and plants. The researchers found that plants in the third environment, the home to both herbivores and carnivores, stored 40 percent more carbon than plants in the grasshopper enclosure.
It makes intuitive sense that arachnid predators, which eat the herbivorous grasshoppers, would limit the consumption of vegetation and thus free plants to store more carbon than they would in the enclosure where herbivores grazed unchecked. Surprisingly, however, the plants sharing an enclosure with grasshoppers and spiders also packed away significantly more carbon—20 percent more—than did the isolated plants. “You would think that an environment with no herbivores or predators would lead to peak carbon storage,” says Schmitz, a co-author of the study, published in June in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA. “But that's hardly the case.”
Why? Perhaps a degree of herbivory stimulation—a light nibble here and there—causes some unidentified physiological change in plants that boosts carbon uptake, Schmitz says, “but the truth is that we really don't know.”
The research highlights how ecological changes can have significant, and unforeseen, climate impacts. “Right now there is a crisis in terms of predator diversity loss,” Schmitz says. “And that may mean that we are losing the potential to help regulate the carbon cycle in ways that go far beyond just growing more trees.”
Indian economy
A report about India's labour market has come out with shocking results, claiming that by 2022 half-a-billion people in India would still be in the agriculture sector, contributing to only a 9th of the GDP, while the per-capita incomes will probably stay at around $1.50 per day, which is barely above the poverty line decided by the government of India.The research note was published by Kotak Institutional Equities, and presents a revised forecast of India's labour market by 2022."We note that the 144 million new job opportunities that the industry and services sector have to create over the nine-year period from 2013-22 is woefully short of the around 250 million people who will become eligible to join the workforce over this time period," the report added.The report analysed about 24 industry reports that were commissioned by the National Skills Development Council (NSDC) as well as similar reports from the end of the last decade. The comparison noted that job creation estimates have "lowered significantly".While the earlier forecast expected to see 654 million working Indians overall by the fiscal year ending 2022, the new number is 575 million.Similarly, the earlier estimate had said that 18% of Indian workforce would be employed in agriculture (about 114 million people), but the new report estimates this number to be at 38% (around 216 million people).The report added that the implications of the new estimates and the poor job creation trajectory will be harmful for the"Even with the rate of growth in per-capita income expected to be the highest in agriculture, overall incomes are still so low that the average person engaged in agriculture would barely move beyond the poverty line," the report said."...half-a-billion people are expected to remain in agriculture, and per-capita incomes will remain at around 1.50 per day, barely above the poverty line," the report added.Another thing to have come out of the report is that the dependency ratio, which is calculated as the number of the non-working population upon the overall population, will not see a dramatic fall.
Moving forward with a campaign pledge to unravel former President Obama's sweeping plan to curb global warming, President Trump on Tuesday is set to sign an executive order that will suspend, rescind or flag for review more than a half-dozen measures in an effort to boost domestic energy production in the form of fossil fuels.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt told “Fox & Friends” that the president will “set a new course” that is both “pro-jobs” and “pro-environment.”
“It's going to create jobs in the oil and gas sector,” he said. “For too long, over the last several years, you've had certain industries, certain sectors of our economy that were within the crosshairs of the EPA.”
He added, “That is not going to happen anymore.”
As part of the new roll-back, Trump will initiate a review of the Clean Power Plan, which restricts greenhouse gas emissions at coal-fired power plants.
The regulation, which was the former president's signature effort to curb carbon emissions, has been the subject of long-running legal challenges by Republican-led states and those who profit from burning oil, coal and gas.
Trump, who has called global warming a "hoax" invented by the Chinese, has repeatedly criticized the power-plant rule and others as an attack on American workers and the struggling U.S. coal industry. The contents of the order were outlined to reporters in a sometimes tense briefing with a senior White House official, whom aides insisted speak without attribution, despite Trump's criticism of the use of unnamed sources.
The official at one point appeared to break with mainstream climate science, denying familiarity with widely publicized concerns about the potential adverse economic impacts of climate change, such as rising sea levels and more extreme weather.
In addition to pulling back from the Clean Power Plan, the administration will also lift a 14-month-old moratorium on new coal leases on federal lands.
The Obama administration had imposed a three-year moratorium on new federal coal leases in January 2016, arguing that the $1 billion-a-year program must be modernized to ensure a fair financial return to taxpayers and address climate change.
Trump accused his predecessor of waging a "war on coal" and boasted in a speech to Congress that he has made "a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations," including some that threaten "the future and livelihoods of our great coal miners."
The order will also chip away at other regulations, including scrapping language on the "social cost" of greenhouse gases. It will initiate a review of efforts to reduce the emission of methane in oil and natural gas production as well as a Bureau of Land Management hydraulic fracturing rule, to determine whether those reflect the president's policy priorities.
It will also rescind Obama-era executive orders and memoranda, including one that addressed climate change and national security and one that sought to prepare the country for the impacts of climate change.
The administration is still in discussion about whether it intends to withdraw from the Paris Agreement on climate change. But the moves to be announced Tuesday will undoubtedly make it more difficult for the U.S. to achieve its goals.
Trump's Environmental Protection Agency chief, Scott Pruitt, alarmed environmental groups and scientists earlier this month when he said he does not believe carbon dioxide is a primary contributor to global warming. The statement is at odds with mainstream scientific consensus and Pruitt's own agency.
The overwhelming majority of peer-reviewed studies and climate scientists agree the planet is warming, mostly due to man-made sources, including carbon dioxide, methane, halocarbons and nitrogen oxide.
The official who briefed reporters said the president does believe in man-made climate change.
Former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy accused the Trump administration of wanting "us to travel back to when smokestacks damaged our health and polluted our air, instead of taking every opportunity to support clean jobs of the future."
"This is not just dangerous; it's embarrassing to us and our businesses on a global scale to be dismissing opportunities for new technologies, economic growth, and US leadership," she said in a statement.
Michael Oppenheimer, a climate scientist at Princeton University, told The New York Times that Trump's order signals that the U.S. will fall short of its pledge to cut emissions of about 26 percent by 2025. He said Trump's order “sends a signal to other countries that they might not have to meet their commitments—which would mean that the world would fail to stay out of the climate danger zone.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report
Every time fighters step into the cage, the possibility of a knockout is right there with them. Whether they're the ones doing the settling or being the recipient of a shot that leaves them lying on their back looking up at the bright lights, their night can end in a moment's notice.
Athletes at the highest level of MMA have all the tools necessary to deal with the opposition. While some fighters may carry more pop in their punches than others, the limited padding of a 4-oz. glove is the great equalizer, making all fighters susceptible to having their lights shut off.
Fighters who aren't named Roy Nelson, that is.
Yet, while small gloves make every clean shot risky business, some fighters carry such a nasty wallop in the business they throw that they give their opponents nightmares.
That said, mixed martial arts is a complex game with many different facets, and just being able to launch heavy leather isn't enough to land a fighter on top of the sport. But while knockout ability may not guarantee championships, the home run hitters of MMA certainly provide entertainment for their passionate fanbase.
These fighters are cut from a different mold. They possess a natural ability to hit with bad intentions—even in the typically safe environment of the gym. Whether on the grand stage of the UFC or behind closed doors of a training session, these fighters just can't help their brick-heavy hands.
Bleacher Report caught up with a collection of UFC fighters to get their take on whom they believe is the hardest hitter in MMA.
CLOSE Visitors quickly see why Zion National Park gets its name from the Hebrew word for refuge. Video shot by Pat Shannahan, the Arizona Republic. USA TODAY NETWORK
In Southern Utah, Zion National Park and its 229 square miles of towering cliff walls, narrow canyons and absolutely stunning scenery lie about 300 miles from Salt Lake City and 160 miles from Las Vegas. (Photo: Utah Office of Tourism, Sandra Salvas)
In Southern Utah, Zion National Park and its 229 square miles of towering cliff walls, narrow canyons and absolutely stunning scenery lie about 300 miles from Salt Lake City and 160 miles from Las Vegas. Once Mukuntuweap National Monument, established in 1909, the area's name was changed and Zion National Park was established in 1919; the Zion National Monument of the Kolob Canyons area was proclaimed in 1937 and added to the park's boundaries in 1956. A man-made feature that draws attention is the 1.1-mile-long Zion-Mount Carmel Tunnel, which was carved through a sandstone cliff as part of the Zion-Mount Carmel Highway project constructed between 1927 and 1930 to ease travel between Zion, Bryce and Grand Canyon national parks, a route known as the “Grand Circle Tour.” When Zion National Park was still Mukuntuweap National Monument, 1,000 people visited in 1915; over the past 10 years, visitation has grown by more than 1 million and in 2016, almost 4.3 million people visited the park.
Here, we take a look at tips for making the most of your visit, including some spots to get away from the crowds:
1. Get wet in The Narrows: If you're feeling adventurous, and don't mind getting your feet wet, hike into The Narrows, the narrowest section of Zion Canyon where the Virgin River is sometimes just 20 to 30 feet wide, and rock walls tower thousands of feet above. Got for a short walk, or spend hours making your way upstream. The water's cold and the rocks are slippery, but it all makes fun an exhilarating experience.
2. Discover the Emerald Pools: Three trails of varying lengths and levels of difficulty lead hikers to three Emerald Pools within Zion National Park – Upper, Middle and Lower. The paths to the Lower (1.2 mile round trip) and Middle Pools (2 miles round trip) are wide sidewalks, while the path to the Upper Pool (2.5 miles round trip, includes all three pools) is made of uneven rock surfaces and sand. Choose to visit one of the pools or all three, but remember – look but don't touch: the National Park Service has worked hard to restore the pools to their natural beauty.
3. Climb a rock: The 2,000-foot sandstone cliffs found within Zion National Park are known around the world for their terrific big wall climbs and are quite popular with experienced climbers (if you're inexperienced, you may want to opt out). Bouldering is popular within the park, too, and there are two areas within the main canyon that are accessible from the park's south entrance. Because of the summer heat, the best times to climb are March through May and September through early-November. Also, avoid climbing after rain, when the sandstone may be weaker. Check with park rangers or the website for cliff closures to make the most of your climbing adventure.
4. Go on a canyoneering adventure: Rappelling, swimming, hiking and problem-solving combined make up the fun sport of canyoneering, and Zion National Park is a terrific place to do all of it. Whether it's your first time or you're experienced, the park has myriad places to explore and play in the slot canyons.
5. Get on a bike and ride: One fantastic way to see the park is from the saddle of a bicycle. Bicycling is permitted within Zion National Park, but only on the roadways and the Pa'rus Trail; otherwise, bikes are not permitted on park trails, off-trail, or in the Zion-Mt. Carmel Tunnel. Aside from the 1.75-mile-long Pa'rus Trail, another recommended place to ride is the Zion Canyon Scenic Drive. Be sure to follow the park's riding regulations when bicycling in Zion, and check out the FAQ webpage.
6. See Angels: If you're not afraid of heights and are up for a challenging hike, make plans to go to Angels Landing. The four-hour hike climbs more than 1,400 feet in over five miles, and features long drop-offs and a steep, narrow ridge at the summit. But the views from the top are more than worth it. Want to see what you're getting into before beginning? Check out the eHike for a sampling.
7. Join a ranger: Zion National Park Rangers offer a variety of programs to help you make the most of your time in the park from April through November. One highlight is the daily two-hour shuttle tour that will take you through the park with narration by a park ranger. If you'd like to take the shuttle tour, be sure and plan ahead – seats are limited and reservations are free but must be made in-person (up to three days in advance) at the information desk in the Zion Canyon Visitor Center.
8. Ride in an open-air tram: Another way to see the park is to take a narrated tram tour along Zion Canyon Scenic Drive, which is closed to private vehicles during the park's busy season (April through October). The 60- to 75-minute drive in an open-air tram meanders next to the Virgin River with canyon walls soaring overhead, and the personal headsets ensure you won't miss a word of narration.
9. Visit Kolob Canyons: For a quieter Zion National Park experience, visit Kolob Canyons in the northwest section of the park. A five-mile scenic drive provides opportunities to see some of the park's spectacular vistas, including Navajo sandstone peaks soaring 2,000 feet into the air, waterfalls and more. Stop at the scenic viewpoints for photo opps, or park the car and access any of the 20-plus miles of hiking trails into the canyons. One spot to see is Kolob Arch, one of the world's largest freestanding natural arches.
10. The birds are calling: With its desert-like landscape, it may be surprising to learn that nearly 300 bird species are found on the park's bird list, and that many birds visit Zion National Park as part of their migration routes. Of the species that may be spotted within the park, the Mexican spotted owl, Peregrine falcon, California condor and delicate hummingbirds can be found. Even bald eagles find their ways to Zion for the winter.
For more on Zion National Park and to help with trip planning, download the free Chimani app to your smart phone to easily navigate your way around the park, with our without cell phone service.
CLOSE Once you visit Zion National Park, you'll want to keep coming back. See why in this video shot by Pat Shannahan, the Arizona Republic. USA TODAY NETWORK
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/29SYBWk
