<edit date="December 2010"> This blog post describes an old Java bug that has since (to the best of my knowledge) been fixed and all affected versions EOL'd. Regardless, it remains a cautionary tale about the problem of leaky abstractions, and why it's important for developers to have some idea of what's going on under the hood. </edit>
Every Java standard library I have seen uses the same internal representation for String objects: a char[] array holding the string data, and two ints to represent the offset from the start of the array that the String starts, and the length of the String. So a String with an array of [ 't', 'h', 'e', ' ' , 'f', 'i', 's', 'h' ] , an offset of 4 and a length of 4 would be the string "fish".
This gives the JDK a certain amount of flexibility in how it handles Strings: for example it could efficiently create a pool of constant strings backed by just a single array and a bunch of different pointers. It also leads to some potential problems.
In the String source I looked at (and I'm pretty sure this is consistent across all Java standard library implementations), all of the major String constructors do the 'safe' thing when creating a new String object - they make a copy of only that bit of the incoming char[] array that they need, and throw the rest away. This is necessary because String objects must be immutable, and if they keep hold of a char[] array that may be modified outside the string, interesting things can happen.
String has, however, a package-private "quick" constructor that just takes a char array, offset and length and blats them directly into its private fields with no sanity checks, saving the time and memory overhead of array allocation/copying. One situation this constructor is used in is String#substring() . If you call substring() , you will get back a new String object containing a pointer to the same char[] array as the original string, just with a new offset and length to match the chunk you were after.
As such, substring() calls are incredibly fast: you're just allocating a new object and copying a pointer and two int values into it. On the other hand, it means that if you use substring() to extract a small chunk from a large string and then throw the large string away, the full data of that large string will continue to hang around in memory until all its substrings have been garbage-collected.
Which could mean you carrying around the complete works of Shakespeare in memory, even though all you wanted to hang on to was "What a piece of work is man!"
Another place this constructor is called from is StringBuffer. StringBuffer also stores its internal state as a char[] array and an integer length, so when you call StringBuffer#toString() , it sneaks those values directly into the String that is produced. To maintain the String's immutability, a flag is set so that any subsequent operation on the StringBuffer causes it to regenerate its internal array.
(This makes sense because the most common case is toString() being the last thing called on a StringBuffer before it is thrown away, so most of the time you save the cost of regenerating the array.)
The potential problem again lies in the size of the char[] array being passed around. The size of the array isn't bound by the size of the String represented by the buffer, but by the buffer's capacity. So if you initialise your StringBuffer to have a large capacity, then any String generated from it will occupy memory according to that capacity, regardless of the length of the resulting string.
How did this become relevant?
Well, some guys at work were running a profiler against Jira to work out why a particular instance was running out of memory. It turned out that the JDBC drivers of a certain commercial database vendor (who shall not be named because their license agreement probably prohibits the publishing of profiling data) were consistently producing strings that contained arrays of 32,768 characters, regardless of the length of the string being represented.
Our assumption is that because 32k is the largest size these drivers comfortably support for character data, they allocate a StringBuffer of that size, pour the data into it, and then toString() it to send it into the rest of the world.
Just to put the icing on the cake, if you have data larger than 32k characters, you overload the StringBuffer. When a StringBuffer overloads, it automatically doubles its capacity.
As a result, every single String retrieved from the database takes up some multiple of 64KB of memory (Java uses two-byte Unicode characters internally), most of it empty, wasted bytes.
Ouch.
The first computer I owned had 64KB of memory, and almost half of that was read-only. Which means every String object coming out of that driver is at least twice the size of a game of Wizball.
This turned out to be false. According to a reddit comment: “The c64 used bank switching to allow for a full 64KB of RAM and still provide for ROM and memory-mapped I/O.”
One possible workaround is that the constructor new String(String s) seems to "do the right thing", trimming down the internal array to the right size during the construction. So all you have to do is make an immediate copy of every String you get from the drivers, and make the artificially bloated string garbage as soon as possible.
Still, ouch.
Bad is beautiful — especially when it comes to our favorite television characters. And that's why TVLine is kicking off TV's Ultimate Bad Boy Bracket Tournament, a competition that celebrates 64 classic small-screen roles — from the most hard-to-handle heartthrobs to the most deliciously wicked criminals.
What makes a great bad boy? Is he dark and a little bit dangerous? A good guy with a naughty, maybe even promiscuous streak? Could he be truly evil, but nevertheless tough to root against? We'd say any/all of the above traits makes a fella eligible for our tourney.
Today we kick things off with a group of guys that fall under the “crush on at your own risk” category: Gossip Girl‘s Chuck Bass battles Gilmore Girls‘ Jess Mariano, while Felicity‘s Ben Covington faces a showdown against Queer as Folk‘s Brian Kinney.
And every day for the next month, we'll kick off a new set of matchups in a single-elimination format that will whittle our field of 64 down to one ultimate champ. So make sure the right choice is made by heading down to our polls to vote for your favorites (Round 1 voting will be open for 72 hours), and hit the comments to justify your picks.
(Oh, and in case you're wondering/fretting, we put a cap of two cast members per show for the bracket, which meant some fan favorites had to warm the bench this time around.)
And if you're interested in the match-ups we've got planned for the coming weeks, CLICK HERE TO CHECK OUT THE ENTIRE 64-PLAYER BRACKET (then click again for a zoomed-in view) — and sign up to follow me on Twitter @MichaelSlezakTV.
Now ready, set, vote!
This article is part of a series describing a port of the samples from Practical Common Lisp (PCL) to Clojure. You will probably want to read the intro first.
This article covers Chapter 5, Functions.
Passing arguments to functions
One of the cool things about Common Lisp is the variety of ways to pass arguments to functions. You can pass arguments
by position or by name
as a fixed or variable list
with preset defaults for some arguments
Clojure provides many of the same things, but the syntax is different. Here is a function that takes two required arguments, and two optional arguments.
( defn foo [a b & [c d]] ( list a b c d))
Here are some examples of calling foo :
user=> (foo 1 2 ) ( 1 2 nil nil ) user=> (foo 1 2 3 4 ) ( 1 2 3 4 )
You can also pass values by name, using a map literal. The function bar expects named arguments a and b . The :or clause specifies a default for b :
( defn bar [{ :keys [a b] :or {b 10 }}] ( list a b))
Examples of calling bar :
user=> (bar { :a 1 }) ( 1 10 ) user=> (bar { :a 1 :b 2 }) ( 1 2 )
Another nicety is defining an optional parameter's default value in terms of another parameter. Here is a Clojure approach that defaults height to width when creating a rectangle:
( defn make-rectangle ([width] (make-rectangle width width)) ([width height] { :width width :height height}))
Usage:
user=> (make-rectangle 20 ) { :width 20 , :height 20 } user=> (make-rectangle 10 20 ) { :width 10 , :height 20 }
Corner cases
Common Lisp also supports discovering whether a user specified a parameter. This comes in handy if you want to detect that the user re-specified the default for some parameter. I didn't find a built-in way to do this in Clojure. Here is one approach:
( defn which-args-supplied [{ :keys [a b c] :as all :or {c 4 }}] ( let [c-supplied ( contains? all :c )] ( list a b c c-supplied)))
The :as :all collects the entire arguments list into all . Then, I use contains? to detect whether the user specified a value for c .
Usage:
user=> (which-args-supplied { :a 1 }) ( 1 nil 4 false ) user=> (which-args-supplied { :a 1 :c 4 }) ( 1 nil 4 true )
If you wanted to make this feel more like Common Lisp, you could write a macro.
Common Lisp also supports a return-from macro to "return" from the middle of a function. This encourages an imperative style of programming, which Clojure discourages.
However, you can solve the same problems in a different way. Here is the return-from example, rewritten in a functional style so that no return-from is needed:
( defn pair-with-product-greater-than [n] ( take 1 ( for [i ( range 10 ) j ( range 10 ) :when ( > ( * i j) n)] [i j])))
Usage:
user=> (pair-with-product-greater-than 30 ) ([ 4 8 ]) user=> (pair-with-product-greater-than 50 ) ([ 6 9 ])
Dynamic invocation
To demonstrate funcall and apply , PCL uses a function to plot a histogram. Clojure provides an equivalent apply . The PCL version of plot also uses CL's loop . Instead, I will use doseq and dotimes for looping:
( defn plot [f min max step] ( doseq i ( range min max step) ( dotimes _ ( apply f [i]) ( print " * " )) ( println )))
The _ is idiomatic for "I don't plan to use this value". In this case I want to do something n times, but the individual iterations do not need to know their ordinal.
With plot in place, we can plot any function of one argument, over any range. (The usefulness of this is sharply limited by the horizontal resolution of your output device). Some examples:
user=> (plot #(Math/pow % 2) 1 5 1) * **** ********* **************** user=> (plot identity 2 10 2) ** **** ****** ********
Wrapping up
No big surprises here. Function invocation is flexible and powerful in Clojure.
Notes
The sample code is available at http://github.com/stuarthalloway/practical-cl-clojure.
California is parched. Rivers that usually surge now trickle, and once large reservoirs stand as puny pools. Those most critically affected by the state's four-year drought are the Central Valley's farmers, whose livelihoods are threatened. Without rain to irrigate croplands, growers repeatedly turn to underground aquifers, but the overpumping has taken a toll, causing water tables to drop dramatically.
Fortunately, this winter's forecast in California calls for plenty of rain, most likely amplified by strong El Niño conditions. Storm drainage systems typically redirect most floodwater out to sea, but given the region's intense water deficit, hydrology scientists at the University of California, Davis, are experimenting with so-called groundwater banking, which involves sending storm water to flood fallow fields where it can percolate into the soil and replenish aquifers. Storm water absorbed in the winter can then serve as a reservoir of summer refreshment for growing crops, says U.C. Davis's Helen Dahlke.
For two months this winter Dahlke and her team will flood almond orchards in the Central Valley near Davis to a depth of two feet by redirecting rainfall through a network of ditches originally designed to divert floodwater away. To measure success, they will then monitor how much water filters into the water table over the course of two years. They will also test the quality of the infiltrated water and check trees for root rot, which could be detrimental to crop yield. If the method pans out, pear, plum and walnut tree orchards might also benefit from intentional flooding, according to a recent study led by Anthony O'Geen of the University of California's Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources.
Previous tests of the technique have proved successful. In 2011 Terranova Ranch manager Don Cameron diverted Kings River floodwater in Fresno County onto 240 acres of vineyards and other farmland, inundating them for five months. “They looked like rice fields, but the grapes did fine,” Cameron says. Seventy percent of the water percolated into the water table, where it was available for pumping back onto fields during the next growing cycle.
Questions remain about groundwater banking's effects on tree physiology and the extent to which salts and nitrates from fertilizers could migrate into drinking water. The costs of storm water diversion and legal issues, including who owns the captured water, also need to be sorted out. Still, some 3.6 million acres of agricultural land statewide could eventually serve as receptacles for groundwater recharge. And with climatologists expecting the state's rainfall deficit to continue long after a single season of strong winter storms, a growing number of ranchers are more than intrigued by the possibilities for their land. Says Cameron: “Drought makes people more creative.”
Image caption Ellie is a creation of ICT, and could serve as an important diagnostic and therapeutic tool for veterans with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
The University of Southern California's Institute for Creative Technologies is leading the way in creating virtual humans. The result may produce real help for those in need.
The virtual therapist sits in a big armchair, shuffling slightly and blinking naturally, apparently waiting for me to get comfortable in front of the screen.
"Hi, I'm Ellie," she says. "Thanks for coming in today."
She laughs when I say I find her a little bit creepy, and then goes straight into questions about where I'm from and where I studied.
"I'm not a therapist, but I'm here to learn about people and would love to learn about you," she asks. "Is that OK?"
Ellie's voice is soft and calming, and as her questions grow more and more personal I quickly slip into answering as if there were a real person in the room rather than a computer-generated image.
"How are you at controlling your temper?" she probes. "When did you last get into an argument?"
With every answer I'm being watched and studied in minute detail by a simple gaming sensor and a webcam.
This is not a replacement for a live provider, but it might be a stop-gap that helps to direct a person towards the kind of care they might need Skip Rizzo, The University of Southern California's Institute for Creative Technologies
How I smile, which direction I look, the tone of my voice, and my body language are all being precisely recorded and analysed by the computer system, which then tells Ellie how best to interact with me.
"Wizard of Oz mode" is how researcher Louis-Philippe Morency describes this experiment at the University of Southern California's Institute for Creative Technologies (ICT).
In the next room his team of two are controlling what Ellie says, changing her voice and body language to get the most out of me.
Real people come in to answer Ellie's questions every day as part of the research, and the computer is gradually learning how to react in every situation.
It is being taught how to be human, and to respond as a doctor would to the patients' cues.
Soon Ellie will be able to go it alone. That opens up a huge opportunity for remote therapy sessions online using the knowledge of some of the world's top psychologists.
But Dr Morency doesn't like the expression "virtual shrink", and doesn't think this method will replace flesh-and-blood practitioners.
"We see it more than being an assistant for the clinician in the same way you take a blood sample which is analysed in a lab and the results sent back to the doctor," he said.
The system is designed to assess signs of depression or post-traumatic stress, particularly useful among soldiers and veterans.
"We're looking for an emotional response, or perhaps even any lack of emotional response," he says.
"Now we have an objective way to measure people's behaviour, so hopefully this can be used for a more precise diagnosis."
The software allows a doctor to follow a patient's progress over time. It objectively and scientifically compares sessions.
Image caption Researchers diagram the minute movements of the human face to create more realistic computer models
"The problem we have, particularly with the current crisis in mental health in the military, is that we don't have enough well trained providers to handle the problem," says Skip Rizzo, the associate director for medical virtual reality at the ICT.
"This is not a replacement for a live provider, but it might be a stop-gap that helps to direct a person towards the kind of care they might need."
The centre does a lot of work with the US military, which after long wars in Iraq and Afghanistan has to deal with hundreds of thousands of troops and veterans suffering from various levels of post-traumatic stress disorder.
"We have an issue in the military with stigma and a lot of times people feel hesitant talking about their problems," he says. A virtual counselling tool can alleviate some of this reluctance.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Alastair Leithead sat down with a computer program designed to mimic a therapist. Despite an awkward first encounter, he grows more comfortable.
"We see this as a way for service members or veterans to talk openly and explore their issues."
The whole lab is running experiments with virtual humans. To do so, it blends a range of technologies and disciplines such as movement sensing and facial recognition.
Dr Morency has won awards for his work into the relationship between psychology and minute physical movements in the face.
"People who are anxious fidget with their hands more, and people who are distressed often have a shorter smile with less intensity. People who are depressed are looking away a lot more," he says.
Image caption The researchers analyse the data to make their computer models more accurate
Making computer-generated images appear human isn't easy, but if believable they can be powerful tools for teaching and learning. To that end, the lab is involved in several different projects to test the limits and potential of virtual interactions.
In the lab's demonstration space a virtual soldier sits behind a desk and responds to a disciplinary scenario as part of officer training.
The team have even built a Wild West style saloon, complete with swinging doors and bar.
Full-size characters appear on three projection screens and interact with a real person walking in, automatically responding to questions and asking their own to play out a fictional scenario.
Downstairs, experiments are creating 3D holograms of a human face.
Throughout the building, the work done is starting to blur the lines between the real world and the virtual world.
And the result just may be real help for humans who need it.
By now you might have heard about a new reality television series called "The Week the Women Went." The premise is this: All of the women from a small town in South Carolina leave an entire community of men and children behind to care for themselves as a crew films the results of this "daring social experiment." Promos for the show feature crying children, hapless men stumbling around a grocery store, and dirty homes.
While the title of Hanna Rosin's new book, "The End of Men: And the Rise of Women" (Riverhead Books, 310 pages, $27.95), might be as sensationalistic as the Lifetime promos, her writing most certainly is not. Rosin is a senior editor at the Atlantic and an award-winning journalist whose thorough research and engaging writing style form a solid foundation for a thoughtful dialogue that has only just begun.
Her book stems from a 2010 article she wrote for the Atlantic titled "The End of Men." In the introduction to the book, Rosin explains that the article was inspired by a chance meeting with a young woman, Bethenny, at a supermarket. Bethenny was struggling financially and juggling motherhood, school and work, and yet she dismissed the possibility of marrying the father of her child, seeing it as a hindrance more than an advantage. Rosin wondered: When did men become, as one young woman put it, the new "ball and chain"?
Rosin cites an exhausting number of academic studies and statistics to support her research, addressing the college "hook-up culture," women's "erotic capital" in the workplace, the rise in the arrest rate of women over 40, the shifting of power dynamics within the modern family, and the increasing social acceptance of female aggression. Rosin also includes more detailed descriptions of individual families; in one chapter she focuses on the "new American matriarchy" in a small town in Alabama. In another, she tracks a young family in Pittsburgh with a stay-at-home dad. Most of the book centers on the current social climate in the United States, but she does dedicate a chapter to the changing status of women in South Korea.
"The End of Men" is undoubtedly an attention-grabbing title, but as Rosin writes, "[the] 'end' might not be a permanent state of existence." Readers would do best to see Rosin's book in this light. It's not the final word on gender roles in the 21st century, but it's a notable starting point for a fascinating conversation.
Meganne Fabrega is a freelance writer and a member of the National Book Critics Circle.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
FANS from Ukraine turned the Toon yellow and blue ahead of Metalist Kharkiv's Europa League clash.
Hundreds of Ukrainian football fans descended on Newcastle ahead of the fixture, which finished goalless.
Three planes brought 500 Kharkiv supporters directly to Newcastle airport in the morning, before jetting them back to Ukraine hours after the match.
The whole trip was bankrolled by Serhiy Kurchenko – the club's multi-millionaire new owner, as a present to fans. And they seemed to like what they found.
One told us the city was “more beautiful than Vienna and Istanbul,” while others agreed that we're always willing to help out newcomers – even our football rivals.
Olga Safonik, a 19-year-old student in England for the first time, said the city centre was vibrant and the locals friendly to foreigners.
“We don't know much English, but people give us help anyway,” she said in Russian.
“Nobody's aggressive here. It's just a different attitude from in Ukraine.”
Her friend Alina Chshenina, 22, added that people always seemed to be smiling, and added: “It is very good for shopping.”
University lecturer Evgenii Sakholov, 27, who came to Newcastle with his dad, said he had been looking forward to seeing the town and the team he had heard so much about back home.
He said: “We know the club because our Ukrainian team, Dinamo Kiev, have played them before. It was a wonderful game. Also, we know Alan Shearer.”
“For the town, we know it's an industrial city. But it's not very touristy, it doesn't seem like there is much, especially for visitors. The stadium is very beautiful, though.”
Damir Valyulo, 50, even said the trip gave fans a chance to experience “the spirit of English democracy”.
“We swapped hats with a policeman and took photos when we had free time in the day,” he said. “That is not something you could do in Ukraine.” He added: “It is interesting to see the statue of Mr Grey [Grey's Monument] because we know the Earl Grey tea.”
Metalist Kharkiv – founded in 1925 and originally in the Soviet league – flew out to the North East last week and played a friendly against Whitley Bay on Sunday, ending one all.
Kharkiv is a town in the North East of Ukraine, with a population of 1.5 million. It was the capital of Soviet Ukraine for a short period, before power was transferred to Kiev.
Newcastle United did not respond when asked whether owner Mike Ashley had plans to match Mr Kurchenko's generosity in paying for fans to see an international away game.
Industry analyst John Jackson Miller has taken the BookScan numbers posted by Brian Hibbs, and added them with the Diamond year-end sales charts, and then triangulated them with a cosine angle, trapped the outlines in their own layer, tossed the results with a bit of olive oil and garlic, and presented it all for you to read. The above infographic gives a visual representation of sales for each product (GNs and periodical) in various channels; as Miller points out, library and digital sales are not included and the BookScan numbers are very low, but the end result is a combined comics market of more than $700 million, which Miller notes, is the first time comics sales have reached this level since 1993 or 1994, the high times of speculation and chromium covers.
Now granted, $700 million went a lot further in 1993 than in 2013—you could easily buy 10 Manhattan apartments, 56 runs of MARVELMAN or 20,000 venti Frappucinos with all that cash—and we've kinda gone back to the chromium cover era with all the variant covers for everything these days, but still…it's a good healthy number.
Informally, everyone in the comics sales business I've spoken with recently says sales are incredibly strong right now. and it isn't any one thing driving sales. WALKING DEAD is probably the king of the hill, but all sectors are doing well right now. Things are looking good on the retail side…if we can just get a few more better-paying jobs on the creative side.
Miller has lots more analysis at the first link. We urge you to go over and have a look. Also, if any retailers are reading this, how are YOU doing?
Heidi MacDonald is the founder and editor-in-chief of The Beat. In the past, she worked for Disney, DC Comics, Fox and Publishers Weekly. She can be heard regularly on the More To Come Podcast. She likes coffee, cats and noble struggle.
Like this: Like Loading...
HMV, a British electronics company, laid off about 190 people on Thursday.
An employee at the company—later identified as 21-year-old social media planner Rose Cleere, who was among those laid off—live-tweeted the events from the HMV Twitter account, blasting messages to the company's 70,000 followers.
The tweets contained a healthy dose of gallows humor. For instance:
“We're tweeting live from HR where we're all being fired! Exciting!! #hmvXFactorFiring”
According to the London Evening Standard newspaper, Cleere has received “many job offerings” following the incident.
The company deleted the tweets, but The Guardian‘s Jonathan Haynes captured the tweets and shared them via TwitPic before they disappeared:
Cleere weighed in on her Twitter account, offering some explanation about her actions. For instance, she tweeted:
I hoped that today's actions would finally show them the true power and importance of Social Media, and I hope they're finally listening. — Poppy Rose (@poppy_powers) January 31, 2013
She also used her personal feed to explain to HMV how to shut her out of the company's Twitter account:
@hmvtweets you need to go to ‘settings' and revoke my account access as an admin. I'm still able to switch between accounts. — Poppy Rose (@poppy_powers) February 1, 2013
Later, the company offered its own explanation via Twitter:
One of our departing colleagues was understandably upset. We're still here thou, thx for supporting hmv thro these challenging times — hmv (@hmvtweets) January 31, 2013
(via Business Insider)
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Evacuees talk about the moment they were rushed to the ferry
Firefighters are battling a forest fire on La Gomera in Spain's Canary Islands which forced the evacuation of nearly 1,000 people by ferry overnight.
The worst affected area on La Gomera is Valle Gran Rey. Road access has been cut by the fire, which has spread with high winds and tinder-dry vegetation.
A smaller area is ablaze on Tenerife.
On the mainland, two firefighters died while helping to extinguish a wildfire in Torremanzanas, a village north of the eastern coastal town of Alicante.
Spain's El Pais news website says eight helicopters and six planes helped firefighters on the ground to douse the Torremanzanas blaze.
Aircraft are also being used on La Gomera, where fires are advancing on three fronts.
Two boats took 910 people from Valle Gran Rey to La Gomera's main town, San Sebastian. In all, more than 5,000 have been evacuated since Friday.
On La Gomera - a less popular holiday destination than Tenerife - officials say the fire has destroyed part of a nature reserve with "incalculable ecological value".
Spanish media say about 3,000 people have fled their homes in the Valle Gran Rey area. There are no reports of casualties, but the damage to homes has not yet been assessed.
Evacuees are being accommodated temporarily in a school gymnasium.
"The latest news I understand from the locals is that the fire has calmed a little, but if winds change, it may pick back up," Helen, a British tourist in Valle Gran Rey, La Gomera, told the BBC.
"It is my understanding that most of the evacuations are from people who live in the surrounding villages, and many locals here are extremely worried for relatives in these villages. I understand many men sent wives and children to safety, but may have stayed behind to dampen and protect homes.
"Most tourists are German or Spanish. Most Germans here have coming for the local hiking; I came for the whale-watching. The island ecosystems have been devastated."
Dry winter
Spain has been hard hit by forest fires after its driest winter in 70 years. Temperatures on the Canary Islands have soared recently as high as 40C (104F).
On La Gomera, the flames have consumed about 750 hectares (1,853 acres) of woodland in the Garajonay nature reserve, a Unesco World Heritage site, some of which is believed to have been in existence for millions of years.
Officials have already said it will take at least three decades for the burnt areas of the reserve to recover.
In north-western Spain, villages have been evacuated in Ourense, a district of Galicia, where officials say forest fires have now been contained.
A big contingent of firefighters, supported by 13 helicopters and 16 planes, tackled the Ourense fires at the weekend. About 1,200 hectares were consumed by fire.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Public health officials continue to believe there will be no long-term health effects from a massive, monthslong natural gas leak near Porter Ranch, but they are expanding their air monitoring efforts and may reevaluate that assessment.
The announcement came at a Los Angeles County news conference Wednesday morning on the ongoing leak at Southern California Gas Co.'s troubled Aliso Canyon facility, first discovered on Oct. 23. Thousands of residents have been relocated, and school campuses have closed.
"We recognize that the residents of Porter Ranch have been greatly affected by the situation. We hope there will be a solution soon and that they can get back to their normal lives," county Interim Health Officer Dr. Jeffrey Gunzenhauser said.
Meanwhile Wednesday, Porter Ranch residents took their complaints to a meeting of regional air quality regulators in Diamond Bar.
They rallied outside a South Coast Air Quality Management District hearind board meeting on a possible order for abatement over the gas leak. Officials said they would make a decision on an agreement between AQMD and the Gas Co. at a meeting Saturday.
“We're going to urge them to use their full authority to shut the facility down. The order for abatement allows them that option,” protester Alexandra Nagy said.
County officials said the South Coast Air Quality Management District was expanding its air testing to monitor more chemicals for greater lengths of time.
Gas company crews have been working to drill a "relief well" which would allow them to plug the leak and shut down the well.
On Monday, the utility announced its relief well project was proceeding ahead of schedule and was expected to be completed by late February, if not sooner.
As officials struggle to get control of the gas leak, many residents have fled the Porter Ranch area, affecting local schools and businesses.
"You can't expect thousands of families to move out of the area without it having an impact on the local economy," Rana Ghadban, executive director of the 400-member Chatsworth/Porter Ranch Chamber of Commerce told the Los Angeles Times.
County officials said Wednesday that they were seeking a declaration from the U.S. Small Business Administration that would allow affected businesses to seek "bridge loans."
In January, students were relocated from two Porter Ranch Schools, which were closed due to the gas leak.
Gov. Jerry Brown declared the natural gas leak an emergency on Jan. 6, and said costs related to the leak and response must be paid by the Gas Co.
At Wednesday's news conference in downtown Los Angeles, county officials said they were closely monitoring the gas leak.
Though some residents are experiencing short-term effects from exposure to the sulphur-containing compounds added to odorless natural gas, public health officials say evidence so far indicates there will not be long-term effects.
A federal study of a release of similar compounds several years ago in Alabama showed residents had similar symptoms -- nausea, dizziness, irritation -- but no long-term effects, Gunzenhauser said.
However, public health officials said, data from air monitoring has been very limited and is now being expanded. That information should be available in the next week or two.
Among the chemicals of most serious concern, cancer-causing benzene levels in the Porter Ranch community have been consistent with amounts seen throughout the Los Angeles Basin, public health officials said. Of more than 1,000 measurements, only 15 were above the level of concern.
“We don't know if tomorrow's benzene level is going to be that much different from today,” said Dr. Cyrus Rangan, medical toxicologist with the county Department of Public Health. "So that's why we want to do this time-integrated, 12-hour, continuous monitoring of benzene -- to make sure we have a handle on it on an everyday basis."
The county Fire Department, meanwhile, had prepared a plan in case there is an explosion associated with the Gas Co.'s efforts to address the leak.
To receive updates, log on to www.alisoupdates.com.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Caught amid a glut of job applicants fresh out of college, many of China's newly minted graduates are choosing a time-worn path the world over: relying on their parents for hand-outs.
According to a new survey conducted by Peking University, more than one-third of recent Chinese graduates continue to live off their parents.
A still-greater number are failing to save any money, the survey found, with 40% reporting that they live paycheck to paycheck.
The survey, which covered some 350,000 respondents, found that students graduating nationwide this year had an average monthly salary of 2,443 yuan ($396) -- approximately enough to buy half of an iPhone in China, as the Beijing Youth Daily put it. The figure marked an increase of 324 yuan from the previous year. In big cities such as Beijing, figures were slightly higher, with recent graduates commanding an average starting salary of 3,019 yuan.
Part of the problem for graduates is that despite China's booming economy, there's a persistent mismatch between the skills needed on the job market and the ones taught in schools. In recent years, many college students have joked—accurately—that their starting salaries are often lower than that of migrant workers. Over the past decade, China has embarked on a college-building spree that has seen many vocational schools turned into four-year colleges, a boom fueled by rising incomes that have enabled more families to finance such degrees. This year, more than 7 million students graduated across the country with college degrees and expectations to match—creating a thundering level of competition among jobseekers.
According to Peking University's survey, among different jobs for graduates, the highest-paying ones include hotel managers and logistics professionals, while lower-paid workers included those doing car repairs or management in the tourism industry.
“I'm pretty satisfied with my salary,” said Bao Jiali, who graduated this year from the Hubei University of Economics and currently works in Guangdong as a marketing professional making 3,800 yuan a month. “After all, I've just graduated and don't have experience, and the company has to spend money to train me.”
Some of her classmates, she says, rely on their parents for funds for food or rent. “But that isn't ‘devouring the elderly,'” she said, using a common Chinese expression denoting those who stay dependent on their parents for too long. “Right now, the pressures that come with looking for a job are quite significant.”
The survey also found that a gender pay gap existed even for those fresh out of university, with male graduates getting starting salaries that on average are 389 yuan higher than those of their female counterparts.
A number of recent graduates interviewed by China Real Time said they were surprised at average starting salary levels, particularly in Beijing. “3,000 yuan in Beijing essentially isn't enough to live,” said one recent graduate surnamed Xue currently working in accounting for a monthly 6,000 yuan salary. “The rent here is all really expensive,” she said.
Still, Chen Lin, currently working as an education trainer in Chongqing, said she had no complaints about her 3000-yuan monthly salary. “Everyone's pressure is intense,” she said, adding that her friends without jobs are continuing to pound the pavement in search of opportunities.
While China's official unemployment rate is a low 4%, economists agree that the government statistic – which almost never fluctuates – is a poor measure of the reality on the ground.
“Those who don't want to face the pressure of finding a job decide to go abroad or earn a higher degree,” she added.
--Te-Ping Chen and Ma Si. Follow Te-Ping on Twitter at @tepingchen
_____________________________________
Also popular on China Real Time now:
Death Sentences in Chinese Gangland Case Upheld
Beijing Hopes to Keep Skies Bluer for Regional Forum
Sources: Samantha Power, A Woman With No Intelligence Function, Filed "Hundreds" of Unmasking Requests In Relation to Trump and His Transition Team Special Counsel, now. No less an authority than the poem on the Statue of Liberty demands it. Former United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power is believed to have made "hundreds" of unmasking requests to identify individuals named in classified intelligence community reports related to Trump and his presidential transition team, according to multiple sources who said the behavior is unprecedented for an official in her position.... [Rep.] Nunes disclosed in his letter that the former Obama administration had "easy access" to sensitive classified information and that they may have used it to "achieve partisan political purposes, including the selective, anonymous leaking of such information." Congressional investigators uncovered that "one official [whose] position has no apparent intelligence-related function"--now believed to be Power--"made hundreds of unmasking requests during the final year of the Obama administration." OUT: Communicating with Russia OUT: Communicating with Russia IN: Emulating Russia IN: Emulating Russia Posted by: Ace at 07:20 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
The snake was also brought to the hospital and wildlife workers identified it as the inland taipan. The inland taipan that bit a Kurri Kurri teenager. Credit:Cath Bowen The boy was later taken to the Calvary Mater Hospital in Newcastle, where he was in a serious condition this morning. Although he spoke briefly to police last night, his health remains a concern for specialists as the poison continues to wrack his body, The Newcastle Herald reported. The inland taipan is known colloquially as a "fierce snake", reaches up to 2.5 metres in length and is native to western NSW, south-eastern South Australia and southern parts of the Northern Territory.
A drop of venom can kill 100 adult men and 250,000 mice, Taronga Zoo spokesman Mark Williams said. Australian Reptile Park's head keeper of reptiles and spiders Julie Mendezona said the snake's venom is a neurotoxin that acts quickly. "Effectively what it will do is it will start shutting down the function of messages going to your brain, to your vital organs, your lungs and your heart and even your muscles. "So paralysis is usually what happens with the patient. "Because it can act so fast, being a neurotoxin, that's what makes it such a deadly animal.
"It can kill someone within maybe 45 minutes. There have been reports of people experiencing effects of venom within half an hour as well. "It also contains an anticoagulant, which means it will interfere with the blood clotting, so therefore you can experience bleeding out as well." Ms Mendezona said bites were quite rare because the snake's native areas were not highly populated. The teenager's bite is probably one of about 100 in Australia's history, she said. "It's not known yet as to how the young man actually got hold of the snake. We can only speculate.
"You can actually keep venomous snakes under the correct licence. "But a 17-year-old boy would not have the correct licence at all so he shouldn't have been touching it. "You could probably speculate it was an illegal pet, but we can't know for sure at this stage." Mr Williams said there were no recorded deaths from a inland taipan bite. "Like any animal if confronted ... it will defend itself," he said.
Antivenom for inland taipan bites is kept at zoos that keep them, as well as hospitals near where the snake is found in the wild. Other deadly snakes in Australia include the eastern brown snake, coastal taipan and eastern tiger snake. Loading Police do not believe the incident is related to a break-in at Hunter Valley Zoo on Sunday night where thieves stole four pythons and two alligators. No taipans were reportedly stolen from the zoo.
The first time when Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi mocked the Narendra Modi government as a "suit boot ki sarkar" and went on with his snide remarks against it on the floor of the Parliament, it appeared to have caught the fancy of the nation like never before. For a moment, he looked spontaneous and capable of "attack communication" that's integral to competitive politics in any country. His aggression was right, sarcasm well-placed and modulation, uncharacteristic of a lazy novice that he is often compared to.
But on Tuesday, when he addressed a Youth Congress rally at Kozhikode in Kerala and repeated the "suit boot" allegory against Modi's government and described how it betrayed the interests of farmers to help big corporates, it hardly evoked any response. The translator's efforts to spice it up by adding more aggression made it look ludicrous. But that didn't stop Rahul from hitting the suit-boot theme again on Wednesday saying the Congress wouldn't be intimidated by the Prime Minister and "five or six of his friends in suits".
The occasion, which should have been a morale booster for the party that would be seeking a re-election in the state in less than a year, turned out to be a repeat of a standardised show with no context, strategy and purpose because Rahul was barking up the wrong tree.
For the Congress and the ruling United Democratic Front (UDF) that it leads in the state, Modi or the BJP are not the political adversaries, but the CPM. In fact, electorally Modi and the BJP don't even matter, but still Rahul chose to target them and not the CPM that seems to be winning in its adversarial communication battle against the Congress. A slew of scams and allegations of bribery have sunk the Congress and the UDF along with whatever good things it has done over the last four years. What the party required, even to stay afloat, was an all-out strategic attack against the CPM and the Left while trumpeting its own success stories. But laughably, Rahul chose to speak about Modi and his suit and boot while his followers faked adulation.
What the rally in Kozhikode witnessed was the acute weakness in Rahul's template-based political campaign and how it wastes opportunities. It also portends a disastrous national campaign for the Congress in its existing pockets of influence in the next elections.
The "suit-boot" speech, that is replete with references to Modi's sartorial profligacy and his sympathy with corporates, has been standardised and made into a template that he seems to have by-hearted. Now, whether it makes sense or not, he delivers it ad nauseum. As social scientist Shiv Vishwanathan noted in 2013, he still "seems like someone carrying out duties" and "his speech is repetitive."
In comparison, Modi is so spontaneous and strategic in picking on his adversaries. Although Sonia and Rahul had been his bugbears in political speeches, when he went to Tamil Nadu prior to the elections in April 2014, it was not the Congress that he targeted, but the Dravidian parties, although his object of attack in an earlier rally in February was the UPA government. The February rally was obviously meant for a wider audience across the country because every single speech of his was being televised, while the second in April, close to the elections, was meant to change the minds of Tamil voters. Modi's bracketing the AIADMK and the DMK together did surprise political observers because he had been discernibly soft on Jayalalithaa and her party, but at a critical situation, he didn't mind targeting his friend. Inevitably, Jaya too hit him back although her party also had been tactically soft on Modi and the BJP. He spared the Congress, because it hardly mattered in Tamil Nadu. That's the essence of political communication.
Similarly, Modi doesn't fail to shift his goalposts when he goes to Bihar or West Bengal. He has the same vituperation, but different political targets, different stories and jokes, and altogether different narratives.
Rahul's show in Kerala should worry the Congress, both in the state and at the Centre, because strategic communication is critical to political theatre. Professional politicians know that by instinct and practice, but Rahul lacks it because he still doesn't recognise his own weakness and the weakness of his party's leadership. What the Chief Minister Oomen Chandy, who is literally sinking in a cesspool of corruption charges, would have wanted from Rahul would have been the allure of the Nehru-Indira dynasty that always worked in the state and a frontal attack on the CPM. But what he got instead was an uninspiring repeat of his broadside against a non-existent enemy.
Besides Rahul's limitation of skills, it's also the problem with the high command culture of the Congress and its highly centralised management of the party. When Rahul goes into the field, he should take notes from local leaders and not his coterie in Delhi. He and his think-tank should realise that templates don't work in cut-throat politics, and if he is incapable of thinking on his feet, he should master a wide variety of templates as method actors do.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
N.C. Democrat 'Haunted' By Support for Anti-LGBT Law Now Urges Repeal
"I undermined a lifetime of fighting against those who would demonize a group of citizens to gain political advantage and to advance an unjust agenda," said Rep. Billy Richardson.
North Carolina state Rep. Billy Richardson apologized Monday for his vote on House Bill 2, and called for the anti-LGBT law to be repealed.
Richardson was one of 11 Democrats in the state House of Representatives to support the bill's passage during a one-day special session. HB 2 was signed into law by Gov. Pat McCrory on March 23.
The legislation struck down LGBT-inclusive antidiscrimination ordinances in cities and counties statewide, and prohibits cities from adopting any new ones. It also expressly requires transgender people to use public bathrooms and locker rooms that do not match their gender identity.
In an op-ed published Monday in the Fayetteville Observer, Richardson said he now regrets backing HB 2. In the article, Richardson referenced the special legislative session that was hastily called to sign the bill into law. The bill was rushed through and introduced, passed, and enacted in less than 24 hours. Less than 10 hours after it was introduced, the bill unanimously passed the Republican-controlled Senate, in a vote of 32-0, because every Democratic senator walked out of the chamber in protest. Then McCrory signed it into law that night.
"Since our hasty vote on HB2, I have been haunted by the fact that in one rushed action, I undermined a lifetime of fighting against those who would demonize a group of citizens to gain political advantage and to advance an unjust agenda," wrote Richardson. "HB 2 gives green light to this discrimination in housing, employment, and other areas. To paraphrase Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, we must never make any group of citizens a stranger to the laws of their own state."
Richardson, who represents North Carolina's 44th District and was voted into the state legislature last year, urged others to fight for the bill's repeal. "I call on my fellow legislators, the speaker, the president pro tem and the governor to repeal this hurtful, overreaching, and unnecessary law," he wrote.
He admitted that he made a mistake by voting for HB 2. "You can't fix a wrong until you acknowledge a mistake," Richardson wrote. "I was wrong and I will stand with all North Carolinians who dream of fulfilling the words of the official toast for our Old North State, ‘where the weak grow strong and the strong growth great.'"
On the same day that Richardson's op-ed was published, protesters gathered at Raleigh's capitol building in support of Gov. McCrory and the state's anti-LGBT legislation. According to the Charlotte News & Observer, the crowd numbered around 700 in total, the biggest pro-HB 2 rallies yet. Protesters held signs like ‘‘No Men in Women's Bathrooms,'' “Stand Strong, We Support You and HB 2,” and “Keep Kids Safe.”
June House, who runs a fitness center in Fayetteville, N.C., attended the rally to support the bill. House told the Associated Press that she believes allowing trans people to use the restroom that corresponds with their gender identity poses a danger to other people. ‘‘When I come out of the shower, it's a semi-nude situation. I think modesty and safety are not what they should be if cross-dressers are in there,'' she said.
In reality, while more than 200 localities nationwide have trans-inclusive laws on the books, there has never been a single verified report of a transgender person assaulting a cisgender (nontrans) person in a restroom, nor have there been any instances of someone “pretending” to be transgender to gain access to sex-segregated spaces for nefarious purposes. By contrast, however, transgender people face a much higher risk of being the victims of physical and verbal assault in sex-segregated spaces, compared to their cisgender peers.
As ABC News reports, nearly 100 people counterprotested the demonstration with signs condemning the bill, which included “Y'all Means All,” “We Are Not This,” and ‘‘Bigotry is Bad for Business.'' Since HB 2 was signed into law, numerous companies—including Apple, Microsoft, and PayPal—have urged for a boycott of the state. Earlier this week, Bruce Springsteen cancelled his show in North Carolina in protest of HB 2.
* Current account surplus rises to $65.8 bln in 2015
* Net capital outflow falls to $56.9 bln from $153 bln in 2014
* Weaker rouble mitigates impact of lower oil prices (Adds details, context and comment)
MOSCOW, Jan 18 (Reuters) - Russia's current account surplus improved in 2015 while net capital outflows fell by almost two-thirds, underscoring the role of a weaker rouble in mitigating the impact of a slide in oil prices.
Preliminary balance of payments data published by the central bank on Monday showed the current account surplus increasing to $65.8 billion in 2015 from $58.4 billion in 2014.
Net private sector capital outflows fell to $56.9 billion in 2015 from $153 billion in 2014.
In the fourth quarter, the current account surplus was $13 billion, compared with $7.5 billion in the third quarter. Net capital outflows reached $9.2 billion compared with a $3.4 billion inflow in the previous quarter.
“The current account looks strong,” said Dmitry Polevoy, chief Russia economist at ING Bank. “We are still seeing the effects which the market expected on the back of the rouble decline and economic recession.”
Although lower oil prices led to a sharp fall in export revenues last year, this has in part been offset by lower imports, as the weaker rouble and lower incomes led Russians to curtail spending on foreign goods.
The improving balance of payments represents a stark contrast with the situation in 2014, when central bank reserves shrank by $107.5 billion as Russia grappled both with plunging export revenues and a surge in capital flight.
In 2015, the reserves rose by $1.3 billion, indicating net investment outflows were broadly matched by net earnings from trade and foreign investments.
In an accompanying statement, the central bank said the current account improvement reflected a smaller deficit for services and investment income, including lower debt repayments because of a decline in the national debt burden.
It also said most of the capital outflow reflected private external debt repayments - a contrast with the previous year when the outflows also reflected sizeable direct investments abroad and purchases of foreign currency by the population.
The central bank also said the most significant part of the reduction in capital outflows resulted from banks reducing their external liabilities, with other sectors also being forced to redeem foreign liabilities while being practically unable to build up foreign assets.
“Over this year we have seen the constant moderation of so-called ‘grey' export flight, the illegal withdrawal of money. Probably this was one of the factors which helped,” said ING's Polevoy.
“Debt payments were more manageable by the private sector and we had no excessive demand from households and corporates (for foreign currency). All this helped the capital flow too.” (Reporting by Jason Bush and Alexander Winning; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Add South Florida to the list of cities that will screen the previously pulled Seth Rogen comedy "The Interview" starting this Thursday. The 13 screen Swap Shop Drive-In located at 3291 Sunrise Blvd in Fort Lauderdale will begin showing the film at 7 p.m. on Christmas Day.
Preston Henn, the owner of the landmark drive-in, says he isn't worried about threats made by North Korean hackers. "I wouldn't be playing it if I did," Henn said. "I'm a Republican, but I was very proud of what President Obama said about the threats. Who's afraid of that North Korean ass -- anyway?"
Continue Reading
See also: Seth Rogen on The Interview: " I Don't Have a Lot to Offer in the Political Arena"
The movie -- which was originally pulled by Sony over threats of violence -- is now scheduled to show at various smaller, independent theaters around the Country. Now South Floridians can watch the movie from the comfort of their own car while eating Twizzlers and drinking a six-pack of Pabst they smuggled in. This round goes to America, sorry Kim Jong-un!
The surge in theaters deciding to carry the movie on the day it was originally scheduled to be released seems to have started after President Obama expressed his displeasure that Sony would allow outside forces to censor the American voice in anyway.
In a press conference President Obama criticized Sony for pulling The Interview from theaters on Christmas Day:
"We can't have a society where some dictator someplace can start imposing censorship in the United States," said Obama. If they hacked Sony over a silly movie, "imagine what they will do when they see a documentary they don't like, or a news report."
Larger chains like AMC and Regal heavily influenced Sony's decision to pull the film after they announced they wouldn't be screening it, but Alamo Drafthouse theaters jumped at the chance to be the first to step forward and show the movie today -- and soon after many followed. Once it was announced that Sony had indeed changed course and decided to allow some theater locations to air the movie, the White House issued a statement on the news.
JUST IN: White House statement on Sony's decision to release 'The Interview' on Christmas Day in some theaters pic.twitter.com/uy99LqWt8j — CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) December 23, 2014
Follow @NewTimesBroward
• Armed hooligans burst into Novi Pazar dressing-room • Zarko Udovicic has gun held to his head by fans
A player with the Serbian top-flight club Novi Pazar has been threatened by the team's own supporters at gunpoint after missing a penalty.
Describing the incident as “a new low in Serbian professional football”, the world players' union Fifpro said that Novi Pazar's Zarko Udovicic sent his penalty over the crossbar in the 85th minute of last Saturday's game at FK Rad, who won 1-0.
Two days later, several hooligans burst into the dressing-room at the club's training ground, drew a gun and held it in Udovicic's face, Fifpro said. The player has since left the club.
Mirko Poledica, president of the Serbian professional footballers' association Nezavisnost, said neither the Serbian Football Association nor the league had taken any action.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Zarko Udovici's spot-kick goes awry.
He said: “Must we wait until some hooligan actually kills one of our players? What worries me is that there is no reaction from the football association. They remain quiet.
“They must do something to guarantee the safety of the players. But they don't. Next time a player could be murdered.
“The only positive thing from this situation is that our deputy prime minister [Rasim Ljajic] has spoken out and acknowledged the serious problems we are facing.
“In Serbia, no fan has ever been prosecuted or convicted after violent behaviour against a football player. That's why players are afraid.
“Each day they hope that there will be nobody knocking on their door to beat them up, that there will be no person setting their car on fire, or that there will be no hooligan putting a gun to their head.”
Fifpro said: “Like every professional workman, each professional footballer is entitled to a safe working environment. It is up to the football and national authorities to provide such safe environment.”
Times insiders claim that Transportation for London is encouraged by the warmer stance and says that it's open to talks. It's not certain how close Uber and TfL are to actually sitting down and talking, but this is clearly the first step. There's no secret as to what changes Uber is likely to make, at least. In Denmark, Uber had talked about guaranteed benefits like paid sick time -- it may promise better conditions for drivers.
The conciliatory attitude isn't completely unheard of, but it does suggest that Uber's change of leadership might be having an effect on the company's once antagonistic approach. After all, new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi suggested that Uber was paying the price for its historical behavior -- it's hard to imagine the previous management saying it earned any kind of punishment. While Uber doesn't have that much of a choice if it wants to return to such an important market (TfL has the upper hand here), it's notable that Uber is changing its tone more quickly than it has in the past.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- There was the scintillating game-winning drive. And well before that the misconnection on the high-5.
With 7:36 remaining in the second quarter of the Patriots' 30-27 win over the Saints last Sunday, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was slapping hands with several teammates as he sat on the sideline, as the Fox television broadcast locked in on the emotion of an elated sideline. But then, as receiver Julian Edelman put on his helmet and walked past Brady, the quarterback was left hanging as he reached his hand out.
The highlight spread like wildfire, on YouTube, and it was also featured in tabloids and on blogs. Edelman took a ribbing from some.
"It cracks me up how everyone has been reacting to it," Edelman said Friday during his weekly radio interview Friday on WAAF in Boston. "It's unbelievable, to tell you the truth. …
"It's crazy. I didn't see him. And I think it was right before a punt return, so I was getting all fired up. You never know with the TV angle how close I actually was -- this, that."
It didn't take long after the game before Edelman was made aware of the high-5 that never was. In turn, he had some fun with Brady -- one of his closest friends on the team -- over the highlight.
"I got it on Sunday night from one of my buddies and I sent it right to him. I was like 'Yeah bro, I guess I'm just too sick for you.' He's over here busting me up and I texted it to him immediately, just to let him know," Edelman said.
Spring Boot REST – request validation
Creating REST endpoints has become pretty popular. All these microservices, APIs, simple backend applications for the frontend javascript apps often use REST for communication. But sometimes, requests that are made toward them may have errors. Bad format, missing required values, missing properties. How to handle it? Let's see.
All the above errors are pretty simple most of the time, but nevertheless, they can cause trouble in the business logic and we have to protect our services from them. The best solution here is to fail fast, that is to validate the request as soon as possible, check everything we can when it comes to the request format, and if it is wrong, return an error before we hit our business logic with the request. We have to ensure that all requests that are coming into it are valid. The approach like this gives us two things. First, we do not bother our services with requests that cannot succeed anyway. The second thing is that we can remove a lot of sanity checks from business logic, we can assume that all the data will be correct, everything that is required will be there. This simplifies the code a lot.
Simple validation
Spring offers the simplest form of validation out of the box. When you define a REST endpoint and it's PathVariable or RequestParameter we can specify if a particular parameter is required or not. Both are required by default but we can easily change it to optional:
@GetMapping("/hello/{name}") private String hello(@PathVariable(value = "name", required = true) String name){ //... } @GetMapping("/name") private ResponseEntity<?> queryPerson(@RequestParam(value = "query", required = false) String query) { // ... } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 @GetMapping ( "/hello/{name}" ) private String hello ( @PathVariable ( value = "name" , required = true ) String name ) { //... } @GetMapping ( "/name" ) private ResponseEntity < ? > queryPerson ( @RequestParam ( value = "query" , required = false ) String query ) { // ... }
With these simple annotations, Spring will validate all requests, and respond with 400 Bad Request when the required parameter is missing or has a wrong type. For example, if we declare a parameter as an Integer, and we will pass some kind of String in the request, we will also receive an error response.
Request body validation
When it comes to validation a request body with some complex objects that represent a parsed JSON we have to do a bit more.
First, we have to annotate our object with all the constraints and requirements. Spring has built-in support for JSR 303 Bean Validation which makes it really easy. We just annotate our fields, with NotNull, Max, Min, Pattern annotations with desired parameters. If we have some nested objects there, we have to add Valid annotation on a field with these objects, so that it will be validated.
Here's a simple example of adding a null check to the fields:
public class Message { @NotNull private String title; @NotNull private String message; // getters/setters/etc } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 public class Message { @NotNull private String title ; @NotNull private String message ; // getters/setters/etc }
And on the controller endpoint we add the Valid annotation:
@PostMapping public ResponseEntity<?> createMessage(@Valid @RequestBody Message message) { // ... } 1 2 3 4 @PostMapping public ResponseEntity < ? > createMessage ( @Valid @RequestBody Message message ) { // ... }
Custom validators
JSR 303 Validation gives a pretty broad set of validators out of the box. We can check string lengths, number max and min values, use regular expressions etc. But sometimes, we have a need for a specific kind of validation. That's when we have to write our own validator and annotation.
For validator, we have to implement ConstraintValidator interface, we define an initialize method that is used to read parameters from annotations and isValid method that performs the validation. As you can see, this validation checks if given Integer value is in specified range:
public class InRangeValidator implements ConstraintValidator<InRange, Integer> { private int min; private int max; @Override public void initialize(InRange constraintAnnotation) { this.min = constraintAnnotation.min(); this.max = constraintAnnotation.max(); } @Override public boolean isValid(Integer value, ConstraintValidatorContext context) { return value == null || (value >= min && value <= max); } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 public class InRangeValidator implements ConstraintValidator < InRange , Integer > { private int min ; private int max ; @Override public void initialize ( InRange constraintAnnotation ) { this . min = constraintAnnotation . min ( ) ; this . max = constraintAnnotation . max ( ) ; } @Override public boolean isValid ( Integer value , ConstraintValidatorContext context ) { return value == null || ( value >= min && value <= max ) ; } }
Annotations are also really simple, we have to specify the validator class using Constraint annotation, and define available parameters, their default values, and default error message:
@Target({ElementType.METHOD, ElementType.FIELD, ElementType.PARAMETER}) @Retention(RetentionPolicy.RUNTIME) @Documented @Constraint(validatedBy = { InRangeValidator.class }) public @interface InRange { String message() default "Value is out of range"; Class<?>[] groups() default {}; Class<? extends Payload>[] payload() default {}; int min() default Integer.MIN_VALUE; int max() default Integer.MAX_VALUE; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 @Target ( { ElementType . METHOD , ElementType . FIELD , ElementType . PARAMETER } ) @Retention ( RetentionPolicy . RUNTIME ) @Documented @Constraint ( validatedBy = { InRangeValidator . class } ) public @interface InRange { String message ( ) default "Value is out of range" ; Class < ? > [ ] groups ( ) default { } ; Class < ? extends Payload > [ ] payload ( ) default { } ; int min ( ) default Integer . MIN_VALUE ; int max ( ) default Integer . MAX_VALUE ; }
Now, we can just put InRange annotation on our field. And that's it. Simple and readable.
Complex, conditional validation
There are sometimes cases, where a simple field by field validation is not enough. Sometimes we have to check field values depending on other field value. This is also possible to do.
Let's say that we want to check an address. Let's say that name cannot be empty and if it is a company address, company taxId has to be provided.
Annotation is as simple as before:
@Target({ElementType.TYPE, ElementType.METHOD, ElementType.FIELD, ElementType.PARAMETER}) @Retention(RetentionPolicy.RUNTIME) @Documented @Constraint(validatedBy = { IsCorrectAddressValidator.class }) public @interface IsCorrectAddress { String message() default "Address is incorrect"; Class<?>[] groups() default {}; Class<? extends Payload>[] payload() default {}; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 @Target ( { ElementType . TYPE , ElementType . METHOD , ElementType . FIELD , ElementType . PARAMETER } ) @Retention ( RetentionPolicy . RUNTIME ) @Documented @Constraint ( validatedBy = { IsCorrectAddressValidator . class } ) public @interface IsCorrectAddress { String message ( ) default "Address is incorrect" ; Class < ? > [ ] groups ( ) default { } ; Class < ? extends Payload > [ ] payload ( ) default { } ; }
But our validator is a bit more complex as it got more logic inside:
public class IsCorrectAddressValidator implements ConstraintValidator<IsCorrectAddress, Address> { @Override public void initialize(IsCorrectAddress constraintAnnotation) { } @Override public boolean isValid(Address value, ConstraintValidatorContext context) { if (value == null) return true; if (value.getName() == null || value.getName().isEmpty()) { context.disableDefaultConstraintViolation(); context.buildConstraintViolationWithTemplate("Name is required") .addPropertyNode("name").addConstraintViolation(); return false; } if (value.isCompany()){ if (value.getTaxId() == null || value.getTaxId().isEmpty()) { context.disableDefaultConstraintViolation(); context.buildConstraintViolationWithTemplate("TaxId is required for company address") .addPropertyNode("taxId").addConstraintViolation(); return false; } } return true; } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 public class IsCorrectAddressValidator implements ConstraintValidator < IsCorrectAddress , Address > { @Override public void initialize ( IsCorrectAddress constraintAnnotation ) { } @Override public boolean isValid ( Address value , ConstraintValidatorContext context ) { if ( value == null ) return true ; if ( value . getName ( ) == null || value . getName ( ) . isEmpty ( ) ) { context . disableDefaultConstraintViolation ( ) ; context . buildConstraintViolationWithTemplate ( "Name is required" ) . addPropertyNode ( "name" ) . addConstraintViolation ( ) ; return false ; } if ( value . isCompany ( ) ) { if ( value . getTaxId ( ) == null || value . getTaxId ( ) . isEmpty ( ) ) { context . disableDefaultConstraintViolation ( ) ; context . buildConstraintViolationWithTemplate ( "TaxId is required for company address" ) . addPropertyNode ( "taxId" ) . addConstraintViolation ( ) ; return false ; } } return true ; } }
Most complexity above comes from the definition of custom error messages on each error. Using only one error message for complex multi-field validation is not a good practice. To add a custom error message in the validator, first, we have to disable a default error message with disableDefaultConstraintViolation() method. Then we can add our messages and even describe on which field the error has occurred.
Different validation for different endpoint
Another case of validation is that we can use the same objects in different contexts. For example for creating and updating. For updating, we would require a nonnull id of the object. For creating id should be null. We can achieve this using groups parameter in JSR303 annotations. The idea is, that we define few groups, as interfaces without methods. Then, for each annotation, we set group or groups for which this annotation should be active.
Here's a simple example:
public class User { @NotNull(groups = Existing.class) @Null(groups = New.class) private Long id; @NotNull( message = "First name is required", groups = {Existing.class, New.class} ) private String firstName; @NotNull(groups = {Existing.class, New.class}) private String lastName; @NotNull(groups = {Existing.class, New.class}) @InRange( min=18, message = "User must be at least 18 years old", groups = {Existing.class, New.class} ) private Integer age; public interface Existing { } public interface New { } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 public class User { @NotNull ( groups = Existing . class ) @Null ( groups = New . class ) private Long id ; @NotNull ( message = "First name is required" , groups = { Existing . class , New . class } ) private String firstName ; @NotNull ( groups = { Existing . class , New . class } ) private String lastName ; @NotNull ( groups = { Existing . class , New . class } ) @InRange ( min = 18 , message = "User must be at least 18 years old" , groups = { Existing . class , New . class } ) private Integer age ; public interface Existing { } public interface New { } }
Now, we have to tell spring, which group to use. We do this with Validated annotation, instead of the Valid annotation:
@PostMapping public ResponseEntity<?> createUser(@Validated(User.New.class) @RequestBody User user) { // ... } 1 2 3 4 @PostMapping public ResponseEntity < ? > createUser ( @Validated ( User . New . class ) @RequestBody User user ) { // ... }
Custom error response
Ok, we can now detect all kind of errors. But it would be good to tell the other guy what's wrong and simple status code and one line message may not be enough or we may want to return it as JSON in our own format. For this, we can add an error handling to our controllers.
@ExceptionHandler @ResponseStatus(HttpStatus.BAD_REQUEST) public ErrorResponse handleException(MethodArgumentNotValidException exception) { String errorMsg = exception.getBindingResult().getFieldErrors().stream() .map(DefaultMessageSourceResolvable::getDefaultMessage) .findFirst() .orElse(exception.getMessage()); return ErrorResponse.builder().message(errorMsg).build(); } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 @ExceptionHandler @ResponseStatus ( HttpStatus . BAD_REQUEST ) public ErrorResponse handleException ( MethodArgumentNotValidException exception ) { String errorMsg = exception . getBindingResult ( ) . getFieldErrors ( ) . stream ( ) . map ( DefaultMessageSourceResolvable :: getDefaultMessage ) . findFirst ( ) . orElse ( exception . getMessage ( ) ) ; return ErrorResponse . builder ( ) . message ( errorMsg ) . build ( ) ; }
Above you can see, that we are "catching" here an exception thrown by the JSR303 validation, extract all the field errors, grab the first one and build our own response object that will be later serialized to JSON and returned in the response.
Summary
Adding validation to Spring controllers is a breeze. You don't have to create your own framework that does this, everything is built-in and ready to use and what's important, is that it is also very easy to extend and customize it to the needs of a project.
You can find the above example code in my GitHub repository https://github.com/lmonkiewicz/spring-rest-validation
Justin Trudeau may have made a dangerously limiting move by ruling out a coalition with the NDP, according to B.C. political analysts.
B.C. New Democrat MP Nathan Cullen was the first to float the idea of a coalition Thursday and he was quickly backed by party leader Thomas Mulcair, who said defeating the Conservatives should be a priority.
But despite the fact that his party is trailing in the polls, Liberal leader Trudeau replied that a formal coalition is “out of the question.”
Dismissing the idea of a coalition could leave Trudeau in a tricky situation if Canadians elect a minority government in the fall, according to Stewart Prest, a PhD candidate in political science at UBC.
“He's ruled out one important option and limited his room to manoeuver, which, as a politician, is always a dangerous thing to do,” Prest said.
But he pointed out that there are risks in a coalition as well.
“The formal coalition has greater stability for both parties, and it ensures the junior party some access to government, but it also creates the link between the two parties, so each party in a sense becomes responsible for some positions that they themselves would rather not hold up,” he said.
David Moscrop, another PhD candidate at UBC, said now is the perfect time for Canadians to consider the possibility of a coalition government because polls suggest that the NDP, Liberals and Conservatives are in a three-way race.
“I've been trying to figure out whether Trudeau is just being disingenuous or whether he genuinely doesn't understand that coalitions are a perfectly legitimate and democratic option,” Moscrop said.
He believes the Liberals are essentially “doomed” and don't have a real chance of getting into power without the help of a coalition.
“It would benefit both parties and it would achieve what most Canadians want, which is a government that isn't run by Stephen Harper,” he said.
But the challenge for any party that wants to discuss coalitions is public perception.
“People think that coalitions are undemocratic, which is a profoundly stupid point. If you can find a way to have 60 per cent or 65 per cent of voters represented in the government instead of 40, to me it seems more democratic because, you know, math,” Moscrop said.
Prest traces the widespread distrust of coalitions backs to 2008, when the NDP and Liberals considered joining forces with the Bloc Quebecois.
“The idea of coalitions really seemed to take a beating in the minds of Canadians, and certainly the Conservatives were keen to discredit the idea,” he said.
The Liberals might consider swallowing their pride and joining a coalition in the event of an NDP minority win, according to Prest, but they'd be unlikely to do so if their party comes out ahead. Taking back a campaign promise “would be a pretty terrible way to start off a government,” he said.
Another option for cooperation would be joint nomination meetings, where left-leaning parties come together to pick a single candidate to run against the Conservatives.
Both Cullen and Vancouver Liberal MP Joyce Murray campaigned on that idea during their unsuccessful bids to lead their respective parties.
One of the greatest privileges of my job is to stand at trackside and watch the riders up close. It is the ideal antidote to the malaise which can affect journalists like me who tend to spend too much time indoors, in the press room, in the back of garages, and in team trucks and hospitality units, endlessly talking to people in pursuit of information. Walking out to Nieto, Peluqui and Crivillé, turns 9, 10 and 11 at Jerez, savoring the passion of the fans cheering as their favorite riders pass by, observing each rider closely as they pass, trying to see if I can see anything, learn anything, understand anything about the way the best motorcycle racers in the world handle their machines.
There is plenty to see, if you take the trouble to look. This morning, during warm up, I watched the riders brake and pitch their machines into turn 9, give a touch of gas to turn 10, before getting hard on the gas out of turn 10 and onto the fast right handers of 11 and 12. In the transition from the left of turn 8 to the right of turn 9, you see the fast riders move slowly across the bike, while the slow riders move fast. You see them run on rails through turns 9 and 10, before forcing the bike up onto the fatter part of the tire while still hanging off the side out of 10 and heading off to 11. You see the extreme body position on the bike, almost at the limit of physics. It is hard to see how a rider can hang off the bike further, outside hands barely touching the handlebars, outside feet almost off the footpegs. Photos and video barely start to do the riders justice. To experience it you need to see it from the track, and from the stands and hillsides that surround it.
Of all the riders to watch around Jerez, none is as spectacular as Jorge Lorenzo. Lorenzo is spectacular not for his exaggerated mobility, but rather for the lack of it. He slides around the Yamaha M1 like a python, oozing from side to side, his motion almost invisible to the naked eye. One moment he is hanging off the left side of the bike, then next he is over on the right, and you find yourself with no clear memory of seeing him go from one side to the other. He appears almost motionless, while the bike underneath him chases round the track at immense speed. He looks like a special effects montage, Lorenzo having been filmed in slow motion, sitting atop a motorcycle being shown at double speed. It is a truly glorious spectacle.
Tragically for Jorge Lorenzo, the television cameras (even the astonishing 1000 fps ones being used so well by Dorna at various points around the track) fail utterly to capture his magic. In the flesh, Lorenzo is one of the most majestic riders to watch. On TV, it simply looks flat and boring. All the excitement you feel when seeing him on track disappears.
Which explains why Jorge Lorenzo's victory at Jerez seemed so flat. Make no mistake, what Lorenzo did on Sunday was extraordinary, one of the most commanding and imposing displays of motorcycle racing the world has ever seen. Though the conditions helped – light layer of cloud helped keep track temperatures well below the blistering heights of previous years – Lorenzo chased round Jerez 27 times fully 20 seconds faster than anyone ever has before. He shattered his own lap record by over eight tenths of a second. He left Marc Márquez and Valentino Rossi gasping for breath. Lorenzo's win was the perfect way to cap a perfect weekend.
Such perfection was not particularly entertaining to watch on TV, however. After two thrilling races in Moto3 and Moto2, the MotoGP race was a bit of a snoozer. Lorenzo got away at the front, Marc Márquez clinging heroically to his tail for four laps before being forced to let the Movistar Yamaha rider go. Twenty two inch-perfect laps later, Lorenzo emerged victorious, troubled only briefly by a vibration from the rear wheel around lap 17. He cut his deficit to championship leader and Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi to just 20 points. Lorenzo is not only back on the top step of the podium, he is back in the hunt for the title. The race may not have been great to watch, but it has done marvels for the excitement in the championship.
Behind Jorge Lorenzo, the question was whether Marc Márquez would stay the distance and hold the chasing Valentino Rossi off for the second spot on the podium. That Márquez could do just that was down to a couple of factors. In the first instance, because Rossi got held up by Pol Espargaro for just long enough to allow Márquez to open a gap of over a second to the Monster Tech 3 Yamaha man. Rossi took two and a half laps to get past Espargaro, by which time he had left himself with a little more to do than he wanted. Rossi opened the chase for the Repsol Honda man, but he lacked a bit of speed to close the gap. That was down in part to the Yamaha man's assumption on Friday that the harder of the two rear tires would be the best option, losing time to figure out that it was in fact not.
But Marc Márquez deserves most of the credit for his second place behind Lorenzo. The Repsol Honda man managed his race perfectly, resting his arms when he could, then pushing on when Rossi started to close and reopen the gap, getting all that he could out of the race. Márquez knew he could not match the pace of Lorenzo, but to claw back points from Rossi was a valuable prize. Márquez had suffered a little with his injured little finger, but his biggest problem had come from arm pump in the opposite arm. To take the pressure of his injured left finger, Márquez had to over stress his right, with arm pump as a result. Márquez managed the second half of the race by backing off to relax, and give his arm a fraction to recover, then pushing on once Rossi got too near. If Márquez' Argentina race had been characterized by impetuousness, his Jerez race was one of measured maturity.
Márquez was not the only rider with arm pump. After his fast start, Pol Espargaro dropped backwards, as he too was plagued by problems at a very physical track. Espargaro blamed it largely on himself. He had pushed too hard too early to try and stay with Rossi after being overtaken. The two long right handers, followed by the harsh hairpin in the final corner, stressed his arms a little too much, and never gave them a chance to recover. Espargaro had been a little too determined to stick with Rossi, suffering the consequences of getting overexcited.
Espargaro's problems allowed Cal Crutchlow to get past and into fourth once again. Like Rossi, Crutchlow felt that he had lost too much time in the early battles, a problem which could have been avoided if he had qualified better. By the time he was past Espargaro and chasing Rossi, he felt that he had to be careful not to destroy his rear tire. Managing that meant he closed on Rossi, then dropped back again, as he cosseted his tire to the end of the race.
The Jerez race turned into something of a nightmare for the factory Ducati team. First, Andrea Iannone failed to get off the line, with no apparent explanation. After the race, it emerged that Iannone had accidentally pressed the wrong button sequence, engaging the rain mode instead of launch control for the start. That meant that Iannone's GP15 was circulating under the impression that it was fitted with rain tires and on a wet track. With rain mode changing everything, from traction control to horsepower to anti-wheelie to engine braking, it was impossible to be competitive. To finish sixth is an incredible achievement, given the circumstances.
The first sign that something was wrong was the fact that Iannone's rain light had come on, the red LED rear light fitted to every MotoGP bike for use in the rain. Iannone plummeted down the order, before the adaptive settings of the Ducati started to figure out there was more grip than expected, and modify the setting a little bit. That helped, but did not fix the issue completely. It did allow Iannone to fight his way forward and cross the finish line in sixth. Ducati project leader Paolo Ciabatti hailed his performance as 'exceptional', in explaining what had gone wrong.
"On our bike, if you look at our left handlebar, there are all these switches, which are actually the switches that Marelli gives to all the Open teams," Ciabatti explained. "We use them since the beginning of last year, because we think they are useful, and they have a lot of functions. So basically, in the middle, you have a yellow button, which is the mode, and then on top, you have a blue button, which is the launch control. So to change the map, the mechanic will push this yellow button for I think 5 seconds, in order to go into that menu, and then from there. If you press there, and you have a dry map, and you keep pressing it, it goes into wet automatically. Then the launch control, you have to press it for 1 second before it's engaged, and the dashboard will say "launch control" or it will say "wet". For whatever reason, and I think he has already sufficiently apologized for his mistake, because mainly it's spoiled the race, he was able to do a very good race, and considering he rode the race with a wet, or rain map, I think he did an exceptional race, for the whole race with a rain map."
Why did Iannone not simply switch back from rain mode to dry mode? The system is protected from doing so, to avoid riders doing it accidentally. Selecting the dry mode in the middle of a downpour is a sure-fire way of getting a one-way ticket into low earth orbit. "To disengage it is complex, and especially when you are already a little bit in a situation where you have to manage a race which is going in a different way than what you expected, and you are 11th, starting from the front row of the grid. So, anyway, he didn't really have time to do the procedure while riding the bike at that speed," Ciabatti said. That this was possible is solely because Ducati had never even thought it might be possible for someone to accidentally engage rain mode. They realize now that there is no reason for this to happen, usually, this mode is selected by a mechanic on the grid or in the pits. Expect Ducati's electronics to be a lot harder to put into rain mode by the time the paddock rolls up at Le Mans.
Iannone's teammate, Andrea Dovizioso, also had a tough weekend. Dovizioso had suffered a glitch with the engine braking system, forcing him to run straight on into the final corner. That left him dead last once he rejoined, so to fight his way forward to ninth is quite an achievement.
At Suzuki, a frustrated Aleix Espargaro mourned a lack of grip, despite having opted for the softer of the two options. The bike was still lacking some grip on corner exit, Espargaro said, and this, more than plain horsepower, was what was holding the Suzuki GSX-RR back. Both Espargaro and Viñales have new parts to test on Monday, including a swing arm, a new software package, and other sundry parts. By the time they leave here, Suzuki should be more competitive.
If the MotoGP race was barely memorable, that cannot be said of Moto3 and Moto2. Danny Kent won a thriller of a Moto3 race, holding off a very stiff challenge from Fabio Quartararo, Brad Binder and Miguel Oliveira to take victory. This was a much bigger deal than most of his races, as Kent has previously been able to escape at the front. This time, he had to participate in a four-way tussle before emerging victorious.
It nearly didn't happen: Quartararo entered the final corner determined to win, and attempting a dive up inside into the final corner. It was a little too much to ask, however, the Frenchman locking up the rear and nearly taking Kent out. At 16, Quartararo is showing incredible maturity for his age.
Moto2 was not quite the barnstormer which Moto3 had turned out to be. Tito Rabat was robbed of second after Alex Rins tried a similar move to Quartararo in Moto3, but failed to save it this time. That put Rins out of contention, and Rabat heading home with a third place rather than a second. Victory went to Jonas Folger, once again a rider after Jorge Lorenzo's heart. Fast, smooth, and lonely. Johann Zarco bagged second, having profited from Rins' mistake. Rabat finished third, but still happy. Finally the reigning champion had had a good weekend, his head having been turned round by the smallest thing: his crew chief and his data engineer having gone out to Almeria, and having helped him find a little more speed for his training.
The platypus, an intriguing creature from Australia's East Coast, claims to be a mammal but in many ways resembles a hybrid of a reptile and a bird. In a long list of puzzling features is its duck-like bill, a venomous spur and that it lays eggs. Despite this reptilian and avian pedigree it is awkward on land and not exactly graceful in water. But for all its uniqueness in the animal kingdom, it has an unlikely peer in the world of technology—Microsoft's Surface. Much like the platypus, the Surface combines features that seemingly don't belong to each other. On one hand it wants to be a consumer-friendly tablet, on the other, it caters to the enterprise with its laptop-like disposition. But like the platypus, it does neither very well. That's not necessarily a bad thing: Surface is where market trends appear to be heading towards.
Critics' main point is that Surface lacks focus. Straddling over two distinct segments results in a compromised design, they say. Surface simply cannot address the unique needs of the consumer and the enterprise. But the idea of these two worlds colliding is not as ridiculous as it may sound. We can see the early signs of it in to bring your own device (“BYOD”) trend. It is common now to take your own laptop, tablet and / or a smartphone to work. This shouldn't come as a surprise. As college students we've been primed to use a single device for coursework and personal purposes for years. It would only seem natural that we carry that habit into our professional lives. If this trend continues, thus, the need for a device that's functional as a laptop and easy and fun to use as a tablet should grow too.
Still, BYOD may be just a fad. In which case, a more established tendency can play a role—technological convergence. History shows that forces of technological convergence can span product categories even farther apart than tablets and laptops. A decade ago we had to use 3 different devices for listening to music, taking photographs and making phone calls. Back then having a single device combining these three functions well enough seemed like a pipe dream. But ultimately the smartphone crushed these three categories. Thus, it proved that even such dissimilar devices like cameras and mp3 players would blend. A viable cross-breed between close cousins like laptops and tablets should be attainable as well. To this end, the Surface may be an important stepping stone for Microsoft, allowing the company to take full advantage of this trend in the future.
Surface may not immediately seem like a good idea but it can succeed in the long run. Its apparent lack of focus can be a response to shifting trends in our work lives and technology in general. As much as it is impossible to predict how the market will look like in a few years from now, history shows there could be a place for a device that combines features from multiple product categories. For all its missteps in the marketplace Surface could prove to be a valuable lesson for Microsoft. Perhaps more a guinea pig than an odd-looking platypus, after all.
Credit: WWE.com
There is encouraging news for fans who feel upset over The Shield's disbandment—one recent report mentions that WWE writers are already talking about getting the group back together at some point.
The Shield—Dean Ambrose, Seth Rollins and Roman Reigns—split in June following Rollins' shocking heel turn and alignment with The Authority.
Ambrose and Rollins are currently engaged in a bitter feud, and Reigns has moved on to the main event scene and a potential program with Triple H.
Credit: WWE.com
While all three men seem on the verge of sterling solo careers and will likely be OK in the long run, you can't help but have a nagging feeling they may have been better off as a team.
Personally, I think the company should have given them a far longer run as a babyface group—they were massively over with the crowd in their past few months and appeared to have the potential to be something very special. They could have been the “cooler” babyface alternative to guys like John Cena and Daniel Bryan.
And just think of how much they could have sold in terms of merchandise.
Not to mention, their matches were usually terrific—Raw and SmackDown are really missing something in terms of in-ring quality since the split.
Interestingly, in this week's Wrestling Observer Newsletter (subscription required) Dave Meltzer writes that people in WWE are already considering a potential reunion in 2015 and 2016.
While this is really just obvious, but it's notable they are already talking about it, there are tentative ideas to do a Shield reunion in late 2015 or 2016, where they would be kept apart but be brought together for a short period of time, and maybe do it every few years, with the guide behind the last few DX reunions.
Hmm. You have to wonder: Is WWE beginning to regret its decision to split the trio so quickly?
If you live in the U.S. or Canada, Facebook (FB) doesn't just "like" you -- it loves you.
Facebook, which has 219 million monthly active users and 169 million daily active users in those two countries, generates the most advertising revenue from the region. In the fourth quarter, a typical user from the U.S. or Canada generated $13.54 worth of revenue for Facebook, compared to $9 in the fourth quarter of 2014, an increase of slightly more than 50%.
For the full year, users in this region generated $41.65 worth of revenue for Facebook, blowing away any other region in the rest of the world.
While the U.S and Canada generate the most average revenue per user (ARPU) for Facebook, the Menlo Park, Calif.-based company is seeing accelerating growth across the globe when it comes to generating revenue from its users.
Facebook is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable portfolio. "[T]he move up in Facebook's stock this morning makes a ton of sense, given that this quarter may be the single best quarter anyone has ever seen," Cramer said. "It ticked off every box that stock buyers want to see."
Exclusive Look Inside:
You see Jim Cramer on TV. Now, see where he invests his money and why FB is a core holding of his multi-million dollar portfolio.
Want to be alerted before Jim Cramer buys or sells FB? Learn more now.
In Europe, an average user was worth $4.50 during the fourth quarter, up from $3.45. In the Asia-Pacific region (which excludes China since Facebook is currently banned in China), a user is worth $1.50, up from $1.27 a year ago. In the rest of the world, an average user generated $1.22 in revenue, up from 94 cents a year ago.
Signs like these, plus comments from CFO David Wehner indicating that the favorable trends are likely to continue into 2016, caused several analysts to raise their price targets on Facebook. Taken together, they highlight the fact that Facebook's future is extremely bright.
But it all starts with you, the user.
Alexandria, Virginia (CNN) Ali Shukri Amin, from Alexandria, Virginia, pleaded guilty Thursday in a federal court to providing material support to ISIS and faces up to 15 years in prison when he is sentenced Aug. 28.
The 17-year-old was accused of helping, Reza Niknejad, 18, who officials believe went on to join ISIS, travel to Syria, a law enforcement source said in March. The teen was also accused of passing messages between ISIS contacts.
Amin appearing before the judge in a blue jail jumpsuit only responded "guilty sir" to the judge when asked to give his plea and "no sir" when asked if he is innocent in any way to the charges he is facing.
JUST WATCHED 17-year-old Virginia teen operated ISIS twitter handle Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 17-year-old Virginia teen operated ISIS twitter handle 02:08
Amin admitted in a statement of fact as part of the plea agreement to using the twitter handle @Amreekiwitness to "provide advice and encouragement to ISIL and its supporters," according to a Department of Justice press release.
Additionally, Amin taught followers how to use bitcoin to covertly send funds to the terror group.
Share this post...
When it comes to financial planning there are more than a handful of mistakes which are repeated over and over.
Whether you're a prince or a pauper, to have a secure and preferably comfortable future, it's time to get serious and face up to the financial planning mistakes you do not want to be making. Here are some of the most common financial planning mistakes that you will want to avoid:
Impulse buying
How many times have you wandered by the stores only for something to catch your eye and you suddenly decide that you need it, can't live without it and will most certainly suffer if you don't have it right now? And how much does it cost you when this happens because, most certainly, you haven't planned for this purchase, haven't budgeted for it and don't even know if you can really afford it.
Having too much credit
Okay, so having too much available credit isn't actually the issue. It's using all the credit that is available to you that is. Maxing out credit cards, store cards, turning to loans and finance agreements doesn't bode well for a comfortable present, let alone a comfortable future. What purchases are you actually filling the credit cards up with? Is it anything to do with the first thing on our list, by any chance – even sometimes?
Paying high interest rates
As if being used to whacking every purchase on the credit cards isn't enough, do you actually know what the interest rates are on each one? Check it out and you might be shocked. If possible, see if you can get a card with a lower interest rate and carry out a balance transfer onto it. Make sure you continue making the same higher payments instead of decreasing the amount you pay in order to pay it off faster and don't whatever you do treat your now-empty existing card as an opportunity to splurge afresh. Cut it up and get rid!
Making minimum payments
If you had an outstanding balance of £1000 on your credit card which had an interest rate of 14% APR and a minimum payment requirement of 2%, it would take you more than 19 years to pay it off and would cost you £1,123.91 in interest. Pay an extra £10 a month and it would be paid up in just over five years instead, with £763.25 less interest paid too.
Renting instead of buying
You don't need to be a multi-property owning mogul but it doesn't matter how you look at it, you'll never get rich if you don't at least buy your own property to live in. If you are paying rent for your home the only person whose pocket you are lining is the landlord's.
Not planning for the future
We are often too busy living for now instead of planning for the future. We often know what we'd love to be doing, but do we actually make plans to realise those dreams? We always think we'll begin next week, or month, or year. How often do we keep pushing our start date along?
Failing to keep track of spending
Do you know how much you spend month in, month out? What do your bills actually come to? How much are your total standing orders and direct debits? And how much do you really spend on food each time you shop? Keep a spending diary will open your eyes to how much money really goes out opposed to how much money you think goes out. The difference can be quite astounding.
Procrastinating instead of doing
If your motto is ‘Why do today what you can put off until tomorrow', you might want to change your thinking pretty quick. Do you know how much money you're wasting by putting off your savings plan? We'll tell you.
If you invested £3000 a year for 8 years starting at the age of 19 and stopping at the age of 26 with a 10% annual return, you would have over £1,552,739 thanks to the magic of compound interest.
If, however, you didn't begin saving your £3,000 a year until the age of 27, even if you paid it faithfully for the next 38 years until you retired at 65 your investment would only reach £1,324,777. By putting off getting your savings plan underway you'll have less money, even though you had invested more into it.
Thinking your goals will meet themselves
You have plans. You have dreams. They won't realise themselves. If you don't focus on what you really want for your future, put plans into place to realise them and actually do what you need to do, all they'll ever remain are dreams.
Consolidating loans without changing spending habits
Debt consolidation quite often fails to work as, as good as initial intentions are, some people just can't resist that new zero balance on the credit cards and spend as if they don't now have the additional loan repayment to make. Pretty soon they have double the debt and even less means to pay it back than they originally had. If you do decide to consolidate your loans make sure you cut up your cards, stop taking out new loans and easy finance plans and make a pledge to save before you buy anything again. Change your spending habits first and foremost – you need to break the cycle once and for all.
Failing to budget
When you fail to keep track of your spending alongside failing to keep track of your income, it's pretty eye-opening to discover that you don't actually balance your finances as well as you thought. Sit down, create a budget and find out exactly how much you have going out and coming in each month. Click here for a handy budget sheet template that you can print off and personalise.
Not having an emergency fund
Emergencies do happen and failing to prepare for the event won't make it any less likely to happen. Even the smallest emergency fund of a couple of hundred pounds will make coping with a faulty appliance, a car breakdown or an unexpected bout of illness easier to deal with.
Thinking worst case scenarios won't happen to you
Ignorance is anything but bliss when you find the main breadwinner unable to work for months, when you lose your job or when illness means your income suddenly stops. Too few of us plan for negative events and most of us don't even have enough financially to see us through even a month or two without an income. What would happen to your family if the worst case scenario did occur? Perhaps it's time to consider taking out extra cover for illness, loss of work or even loss of life so that you have peace of mind that your family will be taken care of should the worst happen?
Living champagne lifestyles on beer money incomes
It's okay living like a millionaire if you are a millionaire, but try to life the life of Riley when you're neck-deep in debt, juggling the credit cards and robbing Peter to pay Paul each month and the truth will soon catch up with you. Living a consumerist lifestyle you can't afford doesn't make you any more popular or likeable, but trying to maintain that lifestyle will see you making bigger purchases and spending more in order to keep the image going. Take stock of your situation and be honest with yourself, and make changes before it becomes too late.
Funding major purchases through debt instead of saving first
For some reason we are led to believe that it's okay to buy now and worry about paying later. Credit is simple to get, repayments seem attractively low and manageable and so we don't really need to wait for the things we want any longer. The problem is that car you've financed with the loan depreciates far faster than the rate it will take you to pay it off at. The result? An old banger in a few years which is worth very little, and a millstone of a car loan you still haven't paid off.
Wasting money on fees and charges
Not knowing when your payments are due, not having enough money in your account to cover outgoings or simply not making payments at all result in late payment fees, unarranged overdraft fees and any other fee or fine your account providers or debtors see fit to charge you. Make a promise to yourself to never pay anyone any unnecessary fees or charges again.
Thinking retirement is too far off to worry about
Your idea of being organised is planning your Christmas card list by the middle of November but if you carry on putting off planning for your retirement, you will soon find yourself getting ready to retire with little to show for it. Start early and plan ahead. The time will go by quicker than you think!
Not checking the best savings rates
You might be giving yourself a pat on the back for getting your savings underway, but when was the last time you checked and compared the interest rate against others on the market? Every percentage makes a whole lot of difference in the long run. Make sure your money is working as well as it can for you.
Not having savings at all
If not, why not? No more excuses. Lots of financial institutions offer regular savings plans which you can maintain with as little as £10 a month. You don't need to start big. You just need to start.
Not protecting your savings from the taxman
Oh, the taxman, bless his heart! He does love to share what we have, doesn't he? Make sure your first port of call when it comes to savings is protecting as much as you can from the taxman by using up your ISA (or NISA) allowance.
Not paying off debt as quickly as you can
Imagine how much interest you'll have paid out if you end up spending your entire life in debt. What else could you have done with that money? Pay off as much as you can, as quickly as you can and you can live the life you want sooner.
Relying too much on your current job
The days of working for one employer for your entire working life are long gone. No longer do we live in an age where we can rely on a lifetime job role, with regular, dependable pay cheques, pay rises and pensions. Rather than relying on your sole source of income, look into creating multiple passive income streams in addition. That way you won't be totally reliant on any one form of income and, should something go wrong and you lose one, you still have several others to fall back on.
Failing to use discounts
If you shop online and don't already use cashback sites to get money back on your purchases, you're potentially losing out on hundreds of pounds worth of cash back in your pocket. Likewise, failing to invest a little time into looking for the best prices, shopping in sales or keeping an eye out on the latest deals can end up costing you dearly. Don't forget to use discounts available for particular groups, pensioners or students for example. Make the most of the discounts you are entitled to and ensure you find out what's on offer for you first, before you make your purchases.
Failing to add up the small spends
They might only be a pound here and fifty pence there, but small spends soon add up and form big amounts. Read this to see how much your little habit might be costing you.
Not treating yourself as a debtor
When we get paid we often make attempts to pay our bills and debts first, then think about putting a little away for ourselves if we have anything left at the end of the month. Often though, we find we have too much month left at the end of our money, so that little amount we were hoping to set aside never comes forth. Treat yourself as a debtor and pay yourself on pay day along with everyone else.
Not updating your financial plan when circumstances change
It's great that you've created your financial plan and it's fantastic that you're putting the effort into following it, but do make sure you review it regularly to ensure it fits any change of circumstances you may have been through. If you've received a pay rise or paid off a debt, don't overlook the extra money which you now have. Updating your financial plan and status regularly will keep you on top and ahead.
Not having a financial plan at all!
The first step to taking control of your money knows how much you have, how much you owe, how much you are spending and how to make your money work for you. You can't do any of these things without a plan. All it takes is a little investment of your time and a healthy dose of determination. The sooner you create your financial plan, the sooner you can put it into action, and the sooner you can reap the rewards. So come on, what are you waiting for?
Like this post? Keep up with the latest and follow us here:
Follow Pinching Pennies on Twitter
Follow Pinching Pennies on Facebook
Follow Pinching Pennies on Pinterest
Follow Pinching Pennies on Google+
Facebook's (soon to be) solar-powered, wifi serving, laser mesh network drone, the Aquila, is retiring to the V&A – the world's leading museum of art and design – in London.
The plane has completed two successful test flights, one each in 2016 and 2017. Facebook's goal is to create a broad network of technology to deliver internet connectivity to the 1.6 billion on earth without access.
The plane was built in Somerset, England and is returning home for display. Facebook believes its high altitude platform stations (HAPS) program, that includes the drone, will fill in where cellular towers are uneconomical.
The carbon fiber plane's wingspan of 141 feet is greater than a Boeing 737. Half of the planes 900 lbs is dedicated to batteries. The goal is to fly the plane between 60-90,000 ft. Standard operating energy demand was approximately 5,000W in the plane's first flight. When in cruise, the usage of the plane fell to 2,000W. When flying upwind, the unit moves at 10-15 mph – max speed is 80mph. The final design hopes to have a plane that can fly without human intervention or refueling for 90 days straight.
The units will communicate with each other and users on the ground using lasers and millimeter wave hardware. In testing in 2015, the lasers were able to deliver '10s of Gb per second to a target the size of a dime from more than 10 miles away.' A single unit hopes to deliver data across a 60 mile wide diameter.
Aquila first flew on June 28th 2016 at the Yuma Proving Ground in Yuma, Arizona. The flight was scheduled for 30 minutes – but lasted 96 -and reached a height of 2,150 feet. The goal of the flight was to test aerodynamics, flight AI, electric performance and data collection.
The unit suffered a structural failure seconds before landing. This occurred while the airplane's AI pilot reacted to changing air conditions between 20-40 feet above ground.
The combination of high airspeed and up elevon caused more bending and torsion than the structure could tolerate, resulting in a downward deformation and failure of the right wing.
The craft was ‘substantially damaged' per Facebook.
On May 22, 2017 the Aquila took off again. The plane flew for 106 minutes and landed perfectly this time. The unit climbed at a much higher rate than before, which Facebook said was a result of structural changes to the plane learned from the first flight. The unit flew up to 3,000 feet. If you look closely at the below video (and noted in the link above) you'll notice only one of the four propellers stopped in the right position.
No further flight plans have been released.
Electrek's Take
First off, the solar-powered drone doesn't yet have solar power. Nor does it have a laser mesh network or the equipment to deliver internet. And, more importantly than any other variable, there's not yet a hard plan from Facebook on whether this project will ever launch in reality.
What I do greatly appreciate is seeing more use of design expertise that minimizes energy usage relative to solar production. Other groups are working to build a ‘solar powered perpetual' flying drone. Some have flown a human being around the world using a solar powered plane. And now we have electric planes coming from the big boys. Seems like engineers have a thing for gliding among the clouds and feeding on the sun.
Considering residential solar? Understand Solar will connect you with local contractors. Tweet me to pick apart quote.
For more electric vehicle, autonomous transport and clean technology news, make sure to follow us on Twitter, Newsletter, RSS or Facebook to get our latest articles.
Some additional images:
Individuals tend to get the glory, but it is often the combination of talents from multiple players that allow any single player to stand out. Richard Sherman is an All-Pro corner who can seal the edge of the field as well as anyone in the game, but when Earl Thomas is added to the mix to take away the post route and Kam Chancellor is there to assassinate the middle of the field, Sherman's star rises even higher. There were a number of these combinatory headaches for Seahawks opponents last year, including a pair that were custom-ordered. Cliff Avril blazed an arch around the outside of opposing tackles while Michael Bennett was a ball of butcher knives slashing up the middle. The resulting offensive line carnage left many-a-quarterback twitchy and terrorized. There are some new combinations, particularly on offense, that I am looking forward to coming training camp. The first of which may prove an unsolvable riddle for defensive coordinators.
Percy Harvin, Marshawn Lynch, Russell Wilson
This group saw the field together precious few times in 2013. Harvin will see a heavy workload this season, and his ability to stretch the field horizontally on fly sweeps was flaunted during the Super Bowl. We have become accustomed to seeing defenses crash the edge when Wilson fakes the give to Lynch on read-option plays. This resulted in some big hits on Wilson. The Broncos end clearly had that in mind coming into the game, only to see Harvin speed right by them as if they were statues. Defenses can adjust to take away the sweep to Harvin, but that could leave one less defender to tackle Lynch up the middle or Wilson running the opposite direction of Harvin. It is the next step in read-option offense, and nobody has the combination of talents to run it that Seattle does.
Harvin, Lynch, Doug Baldwin, Luke Willson
The same threat applies here, but now add in Baldwin facing single coverage on the outside, a place he has consistently won, and Willson threatening the middle. Safeties and linebackers are going to need to commit, and when they do, opens spaces and favorable match-ups will be left for the Seahawks.
Reading Time: 5 minutes
Nowadays, words like ‘Cheap', ‘Reliable' and ‘Efficient' have become a ‘must-have' for any cloud related marketing copy. While there are no doubts on a cloud's promise on delivering an always-on, solid experience for end-users, cost control is pretty much a guessing game until the invoice arrives at the end of the month. Before heading forward, it is essential to understand the importance of ‘cost' in a cloud environment. Recently, I saw an online presentation given by Richard Astbury, a senior cloud consultant for an award-winning UK-based software firm. He placed strong emphasis on clearly defining the objectives behind cloud deployment. You can only choose one or two from the following: cost control, optimum performance and high availability. To be honest, Richard Astbury is right. You cannot get a high performing, always-on application on a cheap cloud. Richard's diagram of “Architecting the Cloud” shows that cost, performance, and availability are part of a triangle. This shows that a strict control on cloud cost can affect performance. So what should you do? Well, cloud cost optimization is an art which requires time if you want to master it. Yes, there are (and will be) a number of tools which can work wonders, but you really need to pay good attention.
TIP 1: Understanding Cloud Cost
First things first, get clear-cut information about your cloud investment. Buying loads of storage because it looked cheap is never a wise solution. Cloud deployments runs on virtual machines where you need CPU and RAM. This is why you need to spend a bit on the computing power. Furthermore, there can be a chance of error in forecasting your cloud costs, especially when you are starting new. You just need to keep the “start small” principle in your mind. Thanks to the metered model of the cloud, you can scale up (or down) whenever required.
[Also Read: Are Cloud Providers Eating Server Markets' Lunch?]
TIP 2: Keep It Simple
Delegating work is good; however, virtual machines are not humans. That is why instead of dedicating computing resources to specific functions is not very advisable in cloud architecture. The best approach is to keep an infrastructure which dwells on synergy.
For example, if you keep separate 3 CPUs each for front- and back-end services, there are chances that your back-end runs out of capacity while your front-end is operating on quarter capacity. This can result in downtime even though computing power, equivalent to 2.25 CPUs, is still available. This means you are wasting money by hiring 6 CPUs while using the computing power of just 3.75 CPUs. In contrast, you can put a pool of 5 CPUs where the load is to achieve an optimum balance between computing power required and computing power available. Perhaps, you would understand that you may require less than 5 CPUs, most of the time.
Scaling up the segregated model is also tougher than compared to a synergized one. In the segregated model, you need to see which end needs more power. However, in the synergized one, you only add in the newer CPUs and you are good to go.
TIP 3: Create a Better Balance
For optimizing your cloud costs, you need to understand the functions of your web deployment. Most web deployments have a size-able chunk of static content.
For example, the company logo is a good static content type because it is displayed on every page, regardless of its use. There are many web elements which are static. You can use a Content Delivery Network (CDN) to present them.
Now some will argue that I am increasing the bill in the name of optimizing cloud cost. Well, there are free CDN providers out there. Plus, when you offload your static content to CDN, you use lesser resources on your backend. Similarly, try to keep ‘read' and ‘write' functions for the storage where ‘authentication' should be done on the database.
TIP 4: Keep Calm and Use Auto-scale
You can save quite a bit if you implement the suggestion given in the preceding paragraphs. However, there is a small, minute chance of failure. This failure of two kinds; one is about being overoptimistic and the other is of over-optimizing. To prevent over-optimism, you need to understand your market. If you started small but you found that the traffic is lower than expected for some reason, then do not just wait for additional traffic. If you wait, you are wasting money. Just scale down for the moment and when the traffic increases, add more resources accordingly. Over-optimizing occurs when you try to be a penny pincher. Cloud hosting is all about providing the most advantageous web experience. So, if you are running at full capacity and you think you will fit more, then you are severely mistaken. Scale up as soon as you are near optimum level. This way, you will accommodate more clients and in result, more money. If you do not scale at the right time, your website can face downtime which means sending your clients to your competitors. However, there are times when auto-scaling provides a lot of ease. So, you need to understand the reason of auto-scaling. If you are on a steady path of growth, then scaling can be done in stages. However, if you are in a business where traffic spikes are common then try to figure out how, why and when they occur. Are these spikes predictable due to a discount offer? Or, do you have unpredictable ones due to some miraculous word-of-mouth marketing? Perhaps, there is a specific time of the day when the traffic sees growth. In any case, it is tough to forecast auto-scaling requirements. This is why it is recommended that you use a reactive approach. For predictable traffic growth, you can work with your cloud provider for scaling. However, in rest of the cases, scale only when it is required and keep an eye out for sudden demands.
BONUS TIP: Cloud Cost Monitoring Add-On
Cloud cost optimization is hard work. What if I tell you there is an easier way to do all of this? Well, I am not lying. At Cloudways, we provide Cloudyn as a free add-on to all our PowerCloud users who are using Amazon Web Services (AWS). The free Cloudyn add-on analyzes your cloud expenses, develops cloud expenses forecasts, recommends actions to reduce cloud costs, and allows you to put alerts to warn you about cloud wastage.
At the end, do let us know about any cloud cost optimizing measure or tools that you know of in the comments section below.
Share your opinion in the comment section. COMMENT NOW
Saad Durrani Saad is the Senior Editor at Cloudways - A Managed Cloud Hosting Platform. He is a technology enthusiast who loves to blog about emerging technologies and trends. When he is not blogging, he goes to the beach to find inspiration for his fictional stories. Get Connected on: Twitter Community Forum
MEXICO CITY - The neighborhoods were crowded with vendors, hawking all things NBA from makeshift tents.
The crowds inside the Mexico City Arena swelled early, with a buzz seldom found at most regular-season NBA games. But this was not just another NBA game, not to those who came to celebrate and not even to those playing the game - they could not help but feel the electricity and know the importance of the endeavor.
When the Rockets faced the Timberwolves on Wednesday, there was a palpable sense that the latest in their many NBA Global Games experiences was special. It was the first regular-season international game broadcast by ESPN. It was the first here since last season's game between the Spurs and Timberwolves was canceled when the arena filled with smoke. It was one of few regular-season games played abroad.
More than any of that, however, to players it came with an understanding of what it meant to fan so vividly appreciative of the experience.
"It's difficult, but at the same time, we're blessed to be able to play the game of basketball," Rockets center Dwight Howard said. "Our team is excited to be here. That's all we've been talking about, coming to Mexico. Being here, seeing the people, has been great. I've been looking forward to being here all season."
The NBA goals, once considered quixotic, now is part of doing business, assumed and accepted as the league unrelentingly seeks to extend its reach beyond its borders.
The game was the 21st in Mexico, more than any country outside the United States and Canada, and the fifth appearance for the Rockets, tied with the Mavericks for the most.
Though much has changed since the Rockets and Mavericks played in Monterrey in 1997, the idea remains the same. Mexico in particular has embraced basketball, offering signs of potential as a market for NBA products.
"We believe basketball has tremendous potential on a worldwide basis," said Philippe Moggio, NBA Latin America vice president. "We have a tremendous commitment to grow our game internationally. The reason we do this is we need to bring the game closer to our fans and through it also develop new fans. This is our product. To be able to bring not only the level of play that happens on an NBA basketball court, but also the entertainment that fans experience in the U.S. … to transport that to a local market is essential for us to continue growing this game.
"There are more basketball courts (at schools) than there are soccer fields. That translates to a very passionate fan base for the NBA."
Commitment to market
Last season's game between the Timberwolves and Spurs was canceled when a generator malfunctioned, sending smoke throughout the arena. That made this season's game, with the Timberwolves as the home team, important as a statement about the NBA's determination to succeed in Mexico City.
"It's imperative," Moggio said. "For us to be able to come back to Mexico and send a strong message that we're very committed to this market, independent of what happened last year, is very important. It goes to our long-term commitment to this market."
To the NBA, Mexico's increasing interest in basketball is similar to soccer's growth in the United States. While soccer is Mexico's most popular sport, basketball is played extensively on the youth level, as soccer has been in the United States for decades.
"I think it's a fair comparison," Moggio said. "On the youth level, it's a tremendously practiced sport. It's about how that pyramid comes together. In the U.S., you obviously have the youth (soccer) system well-established. You have now on the university level tremendous competition soccer-wise. Now the MLS is getting a lot of momentum. I think here we have that youth level, but we're still lacking the next level of the pyramid."
'Great opportunity'
The NBA cannot require teams to participate in international events more than once every three years, but a year after playing preseason games in the Philippines and Taiwan, the Rockets agreed to play Wednesday's game in Mexico because of a belief in the value of extending the brand of the league, team and players.
"The Houston Rockets are one of the most popular teams globally," Rockets president Tad Brown said. "Mr. (Leslie) Alexander has always felt it's our obligation to make sure we give back as much as we can, not only to the league, but also to our players who really enjoy these types of activities. Having the opportunity to come down to Mexico City for a couple days is really a lot of fun, even though this is a business trip.
"It's a great opportunity to expand the Rockets, to expand the players' popularity throughout this region, and also to expand the NBA."
That brings extra responsibilities. In the one full day in Mexico City without a game, the Rockets had a practice, a Special Olympics event, a youth clinic, and a welcoming reception. There was also a sense of what it meant to many just to have the team here.
"This is why we do it," guard Pat Beverley, who has played extensively overseas, said while motioning to the court. "We do it to give little kids the possibility to try to do the same thing. Playing in front of different people, different cultures, different countries is something I've enjoyed over my years of playing basketball. You never know who is watching."
That doesn't matter to the NBA, as long as they keep watching and bring more fans with them.
Steven Jackson is entering his eleventh season in the NFL, but the three-time Pro Bowler will be making his rookie debut in Los Angeles next weekend.
The Atlanta Falcons running back will premiere his first-ever photography exhibit, “Looking Forward: Running Back,” at the Hamilton-Selway Fine Art gallery in West Hollywood from July 17-20. While it's Jackson's first time showing his work to the public, he's been taking pictures from his travels all over the world for the past eight years.
“Every offseason I pick a region in the world and explore it for months at a time sometimes,” Jackson told For The Win. “Over my travels and these explorations I've been going on, I've been documenting with photographs and I was just using them for memory's sake and my own personal use. One night I was having dinner with [artist] Michael Kalish and sharing some of my recent photos from China, Hong Kong and Japan. He asked me, ‘You're really good at this, have you ever thought about sharing this with the world?'”
Now entering his second year with the Atlanta Falcons, Jackson really caught the travel bug after his sophomore season with the St. Louis Rams in 2006. He says that he's been to nearly every part of the world he'd like to see with the exception of several countries in North Africa and the Mediterranean area. His all-time favorite destinations include a safari trip to Botswana and an excursion to northeast Australia.
As he began documenting his travels, he's alternated his lens between natural landscapes, historic artifacts and the people who live in the places he visits. Unlike in the United States, where he's often recognized as an NFL star, Jackson can often hide behind the camera overseas rather than be the object of them.
“I like catching people in the moment. I don't like poses. I like to just catch live action and people not guarded. Everyday scenery. Just life in itself,” Jackson said. “In these photographs, if you have the chance to see them, it speaks to life. It speaks to life the way I see it. Some things are the way I have the mindset on the football field as a warrior. Some of it is tranquility, which I seek. I'm a homebody, which I enjoy being with my family and stillness, which is the center of my household. My faith is just to be one with God and one with myself. It's a mixture of all the things and emotions that we all go through in life.”
While Jackson's interest in photography has accelerated over the past decade, he's been passionate about art since a love of Saturday morning cartoons got him into drawing and painting as a kid. Jackson lists Michaelangelo, architect Frank Lloyd Wright and Las Vegas photographer Peter Lik as some of his inspirations. He notes that he'd like to take more art classes after the 2014 season to “become a better painter and refine the raw talent I do have.”
The 30-year-old, who lives in Las Vegas in the offseason, says he doesn't talk about his off-the-field passion all that much in the locker room or with other players around the league, although that might change after his first exhibit. The Falcons are the featured team on the upcoming season of HBO's Hard Knocks, leaving a good possibility that Jackson's artwork ends up getting more attention than just attendees of his show.
With over 10,000 rushing yards on his career odometer, Jackson is coming off his first season since his rookie year where he didn't rush for over 1000 yards. There's no specific timetable for his remaining NFL future, but Jackson has clearly found a passion for travel and art that will sustain his interest whenever his playing career is over.
“I will pursue it full-time. It won't be the only thing I do, but it will be something that I step up my involvement of, as well as the numbers of cameras I have in my collection,” Jackson said. “I'll continue to thrive in this area as well as painting and sketching. Artistic expression will be something I lean on whenever I decide to hang up my cleats.”
He's started to share his dual interests in sports and art with his two sons, ages eight and five, who have joined him on trips to London, Hawaii and Jamaica in recent years. While they're now old enough to be aware of their dad's feats on Sundays, they now have the opportunity to see his creative output hung on the same walls that have hosted work by Andy Warhol, Keith Haring and Damien Hirst.
“Once you allow yourself to become vulnerable and people see that, they want to be more receptive to you because they know you're putting your all into it,” Jackson said of his upcoming exhibit. “That's all I want from this is for me to be taken seriously as an artist. My passion doesn't just lie on the football field, but in other areas of the world that make me relatable to other people.”
People are talking about Bernie Sanders on social media. So much so, he's dominating the conversation. On the day of the Iowa caucuses, Facebook has lit up with posts and discussions about the Vermont senator.
According to CNN, Facebook shared data about popular candidates in Iowa. The data represents how much people are talking about each candidate regarding the Iowa caucus. The conversations were measured from midnight CST until noon. According to the data, when measuring all the candidates, Bernie Sanders topped the social media conversations on Facebook with a whopping 42.2 percent of users talking about him.
Donald Trump came in at a distant second with 21.7 percent of conversations. Hillary Clinton limped in at third place with a meager 13.1 percent of conversations on the social media site.
On the Democratic side, Sanders slam dunked the conversation percentages. Conversations about the senator measured at 73 percent. Hillary Clinton generated on 25 percent of the interest on Facebook, with Martin O'Malley making a minuscule impact at 1 percent.
null
Now, many are wondering, will this huge interest in Bernie Sanders on social media translate into a win in Iowa? Any candidate that garners such a large chunk of interest may safely assume they'll win. However, media pundits still put Hillary in the win category for Iowa, even though Bernie Sanders has consistently attracted the most attention from voters in rallies, on social media, and in one-on-one conversations. It wasn't until he became a visible, viable threat to Clinton that mainstream media began to pay attention to him.
Sanders has been a popular fixture on social media, including the news aggregator, Reddit. The r/SandersForPresident, subreddit, which was founded by 23-year-old Aiden King, has grown from just a few hundred members to more than 165,000 members since Sanders announced his plans to run nine months ago.
King, who was instrumental in the sub's popularity and credibility with Sanders supporters, helped play an important role in getting the word out about Bernie Sanders long before he announced his run.
On January 18, King (once known as Vermonty_Python on the sub), wrote a farewell post as he prepared to become part of Bernie Sanders' official Vermont campaign. On that day, the r/SandersForPresident sub had existed for 774 days, or two years and 22 days. He is just one example of the young people of this country who used social media successfully to spread the word about Bernie Sanders and what the senator could do for the country.
At both Democratic and Republican caucus sites, officials are reporting unusually high numbers of on-site registration. Iowa is one of the few states that allows same-day voter registration. Conventional wisdom goes that high turnouts favor Democrats, but in the primaries, this could translate into favorable outcomes for Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, both of whom have used social media effectively to garner support among Millennials, which are now the largest voting group in the nation.
null
In one precinct, Daily Beast political reporter Betsy Woodruff tweeted a photo of a Democratic precinct overrun with caucus goers, with a quick blurb that it had run out of voter registration papers. The turnout, again, was much bigger than expected. Although Iowa governor Terry Branstad told C-SPAN a few days ago that he was expecting a larger-than-normal turnout, no one could have predicted just how large the crowds of caucus goers would be.
null
Given Sanders' popularity on social media, this could be a good indicator of his performance in Iowa, as well as the rest of the primaries.
[Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images]
SINGAPORE - A man who asked for "permission to open fire" on the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community in an online post was fined $3,500 on Friday (Nov 4).
Bryan Lim Sian Yang, 36, pleaded guilty in court to a reduced charge of making a threatening, abusive or insulting communication under the Protection from Harassment Act.
Lim, a regional performance consultant at Canon, was initially charged with encouraging violence against LGBT people, which would have landed him a maximum of five years' jail and a fine.
In a June 4 Facebook post on the page of a local group opposed to Pink Dot, an annual LBGT rally, Lim allegedly wrote: "I am a Singaporean citizen. I am a NSman, I am a father. And I swore to protect my nation.
"Give me the permission to open fire. I would like to see these £@€$^*s die for their causes."
Lim, who is married, made the comment on the Facebook page of We Are Against Pink Dot In Singapore - a public group with over 7,500 members - in response to a post that expressed unhappiness with multinational corporations supporting the rally that was held on June 4.
After his post was circulated on social media, at least three police reports were lodged.
Lim's desktop computer, laptop and mobile phone were later seized by police.
Concern over his comments grew after a shooting at a gay nightclub in the United States on June 12, which killed 43 people.
Lim later took down his post and apologised online.
He wrote: "I apologise for the misunderstanding. My words were strong. I did not mean anyone. I meant Bloomberg and foreign intervention in local matters.
"This was taken out of context. I hope this clears the air. I did not mean physical bullets or physical death. I mean 'open fire' in debate and remove them from Singapore domestic matters."
Lim's lawyer Adrian Wee said: "He has had his career, reputation and livelihood irretrievably tarnished by this event."
Lim could have been fined up to $5,000.
NEWARK, N.J. -- Marshawn Lynch showed up at Super Bowl media day. Barely.
The Seattle Seahawks running back, who wasn't given a podium, spoke to the media for six minutes and 20 seconds Tuesday before retreating to a back wall at the Prudential Center.
In his few minutes of talking with the media, Lynch said his fans weren't worried about what he would say.
"They just want to make sure I show up to perform," he said.
Lynch ignored the media from that point on except for granting the NFL Network a brief interview, when he repeatedly said that media day "ain't my thing."
"No need to talk about it," Lynch told NFL Network. "Was raised like that. ... Game time, though, I'll be there."
Players are required to attend media day, but it's unclear how the league will react to Lynch's lack of cooperation. At least initially, it appears as if Lynch might have satisfied his obligations.
"Players are required to participate and he participated," league spokesman Greg Aiello told ESPN.com.
Marshawn Lynch left his required session after just six minutes Tuesday at Super Bowl media day. AP Photo/Perry Knotts
After not speaking to the media for the entire season, Lynch was fined $50,000 by the league. But that fine was held in abeyance after Lynch promised to speak. He did so before both weeks of the playoffs.
The terms of Lynch's fine being put on hold, however, was that the $50,000 would be collected and that he also would be fined another amount if he didn't talk to the media.
"He doesn't feel comfortable in settings like this," Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said. "And he doesn't like to do things he's told to do. Fortunately that hasn't been a factor for our football team.
"But in this setting, he becomes something of a recluse and he doesn't want to be part of it. We try to respect him as much as we can."
The largest fine in Super Bowl media day history is believed to be the $100,000 the league levied on Chicago Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher seven years ago for wearing a hat with the logo of Vitaminwater, a non-league sponsor.
With the NCAA soon expected to deregulate conference championship games, the Big 12 would be free to add a title game by 2016. But whether the Big 12 should add a conference championship game is a divided issue for the league's coaches.
"I've always favored the conference championship game, and I still do," Kansas State coach Bill Snyder said Tuesday during the Big 12 spring teleconference. "The playoffs have muddied the water a little bit. So I understand both sides of the argument."
Kansas State coach Bill Snyder is one of several Big 12 coaches who are in favor of a conference championship game. Kevin Jairaj/USA TODAY Sports
Under current NCAA rules, conferences must have 12 teams and two divisions to hold a championship game. But CBSSports.com reported earlier this month that championship game deregulation is expected to pass, which would allow the Big 12 to potentially add a title game for 2016.
The Big 12 is the only Power 5 conference without a championship game, because of its nine-game round-robin format. But given that Big 12 co-champions Baylor and TCU were left out of the playoff last season, the possibility of bringing back a conference title game is sure to be a topic of discussion when the league's coaches and athletic directors meet in Phoenix next month.
"I don't know this to be true, but if the selection committee is putting weight to a numbers system or scoring system to a number of wins, number of games played, that extra game, if it matters that much and their weighting system favors one team rather than another because they have one extra win, then I would be in favor of playing it," Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops said. "But I'd reserve my final judgment until you get to see again this year how the selection committee is really weighing who are those top four teams."
How the playoff selection committee addresses that question could ultimately determine whether the Big 12 does in fact generate a consensus for playing a title game.
"If it made a difference if we could get into the four teams, yes," said TCU coach Gary Patterson, whose Horned Frogs dropped from No. 3 to No. 6 on the final week of the season, even though TCU defeated Iowa State 55-3. "I still don't understand why it's needed if you have a committee that's picking your four best teams. Whatever we can do to help our conference, then we need to do it."
Baylor coach Art Briles said he's skeptical a conference title game would have necessarily catapulted either the Bears or Horned Frogs into the playoff over Ohio State, which went on to capture the national title.
"If you can go undefeated in our league, you'll be in the College Football Playoff," Briles said. "Would it have made a difference this year if us and TCU had played again at the end? I don't know."
But the majority of Big 12 coaches believe that not having a title game put the conference at a disadvantage.
"Based on what happened last year, it's not as much being for or against [a conference championship game], I think it's going to be a necessity for our league to get another quality game for whoever is at the top to keep up with the other Power 5 conferences," Texas Tech coach Kliff Kingsbury said.
Not every coach in the league, however, favors the idea of staging a title game, because it would usually require a team at the top of the standings to beat a strong opponent twice.
"The fact that we play everybody... it's tough enough to beat a team once, and the fact you've played everyone once, you've settled it on the field," Iowa State coach Paul Rhoads said.
Texas coach Charlie Strong said that he is "fine with the current format." And Oklahoma State coach Mike Gundy added that the path to the playoff for the Big 12 is already tough enough.
"We have to be very cautious," Gundy said. "Having a team that could run through this undefeated, and then you play against an opponent that very well could have two losses, and that team beats the team that is undefeated, and then you knock that team out. That could happen, and that's why you have to be careful about bringing a conference championship back into the league. I still think it's best for us to let somebody be the conference champion. There's enough respect for the Big 12 now that you're going to get a team in in most cases."
The Big 12 is expected to vote to eliminate its recognition of co-champions during its spring meetings.
The next order of business will be determining whether that will be enough to better position the Big 12 for playoff inclusion, or whether it needs to take another step by adding a conference championship game.
"I think it would be great," West Virginia coach Dana Holgorsen said. "The one thing I've always been a proponent of is everyone doing the same thing. Having that 13th game and be on the same playing field as everyone else is important.
"Based on what happened toward the end of last year, I think [not having one] hurt the Big 12."
The OUYA hits store shelves today, but the company has confirmed that not all Kickstarter backers have received their consoles as promised. Delays have pushed back delivery of one of the most successful Kickstarter campaigns to early backers, much to the frustration of gamers who sunk $100 or more into the startup company and console. Originally promised to start shipping at the end of March, the majority of OUYA backers had to wait well into May or early June before receiving their console. In response, OUYA pushed back the public launch of the console from June 5th to today under the promise that they would ensure all Kickstarter backers would have their consoles before the public launch. However, on the day of the OUYAâ€™s public launch, the company is now stating that not all early backers have received their consoles.
“Don't mistake debate for division. Don't mistake democracy for disunity.”
Those were the words of John McDonnell last September and, though he and I often disagree, I was with him on this. Labour had just lost badly, and there needed to be a discussion in which no ideas were off the table.
Fast-forward 10 months and the party is as divided and disunited as I can remember. The current leadership has settled into a sectarian comfort zone – the effect of this has been to provoke personal attacks on MPs, a string of death and rape threats and bricks through windows.
This threatens to destroy the party I love and have served as an active member, trade unionist, MP, minister and shadow minister, for 40 years. Betrayal narratives do not unite; they divide and Labour will pay a huge price if this is allowed to continue. But it's not too late to get our house in order and I know I can unite us again.
I'm a gay, working-class woman from the north of England and proud of who I am. The progress I made was only possible because of the achievements of previous Labour governments giving opportunities to all.
Contrary to our message at the local elections in May, politics is not about taking sides – or, at least, it shouldn't be. It is about seeking common ground and finding mutual understanding. If centrist Labour members are “Tory scum”, then what of the hard-up pensioner who is uneasy with immigration in his community? What of the hi-tech chief executive donating to charity, the underpaid waitress saving to go to Ascot, or the many other category-defying voters out there?
As a progressive party of principle we must reach out to all. We have an imperative to locate the shared values we have with someone tempted by Ukip or a Tory swing-voter, and to persuade them – not just because it's the only way we'll win power, but because it's the right thing to do. The “kinder politics” will not come just through believing ourselves to hold a monopoly on what is right and moral. This process of mutual respect and understanding must start within the Labour party – and within this leadership contest itself.
Good policy does not come from slogans, but from discourse. This was the central failure of Jeremy's leadership. Virtually no policy has come from Jeremy. On Trident, for example, most people know that he is anti. But his review on Trident was delayed “because of Brexit”. And then Brexit itself. Jeremy appeared to think that by appearing on television and saying he was seven out of 10 in favour of staying in Europe this would appeal to people who were not sure themselves. Instead it just gave them permission to vote Leave. He should have been making the case to stay in Europe, arguing its merits passionately. He didn't.
I desperately want us to tackle the big issues of post-Brexit Britain. An economy starved of investment. Our regions suffering and London starting to sputter. I want more tolerance and more respect in our country; I want to give life chances to young people and not stop them going to university.
Despite what social media memes claimed – and some journalists have lazily repeated – I led the backbench rebellion against the introduction of tuition fees, achieving a 10-year cap at £3,000, the creation of the Office for Fair Access and the reintroduction of student grants for the poorest. I voted against the tripling to £9,000.
I want to ensure that our place in the world remains one of influence, because I believe Britain, with its history of democracy, the rule of law, human rights, tolerance and a vibrant economy, is one that can inspire others.
If we fail, the great losers in this will not be the Tories, but the millions of voters Labour exists to help. I am determined to lead the party into a debate that gives us the policies and arguments to save Labour from irrelevance and to put us back into government, where we can make a real difference to people's lives.
A new species of cat was discovered in southern Brazil. It was previously known, but incorrectly identified as a different species that lives in the northeast. This announcement comes from lead author Tatiane C. Trigo from the Federal University of the Rio Grande du Sol's Department of Genetics. The results were published in the most recent issue of Current Biology.
This newly discovered species, dubbed Leoparda guttulus was believed to have been the same species as L. tigrinus, a cat that looks incredibly similar with a nearby range that are also known as oncillas. Genetic testing of the mitochondrial DNA of oncillas in the northeastern and southern regions of the cats' range has confirmed that they are two distinct species who do not interbreed. In fact, they have not interbred for thousands of years. Though the northeastern population is rarer than the southern population, naming tradition requires that the northeastern cats will retain the name L. tigrinus.
L. guttulus is one of the smallest species of South American wild cat, as it isn't much bigger than a typical domesticated house cat. As full grown adults, these cats weigh about 6.5 pounds (3 kilograms). They are mostly yellow with brown and black spotted markings. Their diet consists of small rodents and birds, which they can easily acquire by nimbly navigating around the trees, though they spend most of their time on the ground. There is still much to be learned about what makes these cats distinct from their previously assumed species and their conservation status will need to be determined to see if they qualify for protection.
Lack of gene flow between L. guttulus and L. tigrinus was likely exacerbated by interbreeding between L. tigrinus and the pampas cat (L. colocolo). There is also evidence that L. guttulus had interbred with Geoffroy's cat (L. geoffroyi) which also lives in the south. This new information illustrates how much there is to learn about wild cat populations. The more we learn, the better we will be able to protect them and help ensure their survival.
The Garda has said it has “no evidence” that €35,000 worth of alcohol was distributed to members of the force policing the Corrib gas pipeline works in the immediate aftermath of clashes with protesters.
Allegations that a company contracted to Shell E&P delivered large quantities of alcohol to the Garda – including a single delivery worth €35,000 to Belmullet Garda station in December 2007 – emerged in British media at the weekend.
According to the report, the €35,000 consignment was delivered to Belmullet Garda station from Northern Ireland in an unmarked van. The report carried an allegation that a senior garda expressed relief the walls of the Garda station were high, as prying eyes would not see what was happening.
Commenting on the allegations, the Garda press office last night issued a short statement: “On the 7th December, 2011, allegations were made to the district officer at Belmullet that alcohol was distributed to members of An Garda Síochána on behalf of Shell E&P. Inquiries conducted in relation to these allegations found no evidence of alcohol being distributed to members of An Garda Síochána by, or on behalf of, Shell E&P.”
‘Sweeteners'
The report in the Observer newspaper included allegations that members of the local community were offered “sweeteners” including cookers, school fees, and home and farm improvements.
Protester and retired school teacher Maura Harrington claimed last night she was aware “that sweeteners were coming from Shell”. She also referred to a report by a special rapporteur for the UN, Margaret Sekaggya, which she said expressed concern at shortcomings in official investigations.
Ms Harrington accused the Garda of a “Jesuitical distinction between what is delivered to the Garda station and what is distributed to the members”.
Ms Harrington welcomed the publication of the report in the Observer newspaper and said the longer the protest, now in its 13th year, continued, the more information came into the public domain.
She called for a new investigation by international jurists, possibly under the umbrella of the UN, into the allegations, “the environmental case and the economic case that we are selling our natural resources for a fistful of beads, baubles and a few bottles of booze”.
MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 2016
Metered Markets
Rating/Share
CBS: 5.9 rating/9 share, Fox: 5.4/ 8, ABC: 4.6/ 7, NBC: 2.3/ 4, CW: 0.8/ 1
Percent Change from the Year-Ago Week:
Fox: +54, CBS: +11, ABC: – 8, CW: -33, NBC: -49
-Winners:
“The X-Files” (Fox)
-Honorable Mention:
“Lucifer” (Fox)
-Losers:
“Telenovela” (NBC), “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” (CW), “The Biggest Loser” (NBC), “Jane the Virgin” (CW)
—–
Ratings Breakdown:
CBS topped this final January Monday in the household overnights with its combination of “Supergirl” (#3: 4.8/ 7), which is a shoo-in for a second season renewal, “Scorpion” (#1 for the night: 6.6/10) and “NCIS: Los Angeles” (#1: 6.5/10). If it “ain't broke, there is no need to fix it,” so the assumption is this Monday night line-up will remain intact on the Eye net next season.
In time period premiere news, the revival of “The X-Files” in the Monday 8 p.m. was certainly not the powerhouse it was out the Arizona Cardinals at the Carolina Panthers on the top-rated NFC Championship on Sunday. But a 6.2 rating/9 share in the household overnights last night topped the 8 p.m. time period, besting the first-hour of “The Bachelor” on ABC (#2: 5.6/ 8) and aforementioned “Supergirl” on CBS by 11 percent and 29 percent, respectively. And “The X-Files” was a hefty 48 percent over year-ago occupant “Gotham” (4.2/ 6 on 1/26/15). Consider this a positive time period debut for the return of “The X-Files.”
Next on Fox was the series premiere of drama “Lucifer,” which finished third in the 9 p.m. hour with a respectable 4.6/ 7 in the household overnights. Comparably, this was 59 percent over year-ago time period occupant “Sleepy Hollow” (2.9/ 4 on 1/26/15). Overnight retention out of lead-in “The X-Files” was respectable at 74 percent. And the slippage in the second half-hour was only four percent (4.7/ 7 to 4.5/ 7). Mirroring “The X-Files,” this is a positive start for “Lucifer.”
Over at ABC, two more hours of guilty pleasure “The Bachelor” was on the map with a 5.5/ 8 from 8-10 p.m. And it led into another edition of post-show “Bachelor Live” at a second-place 3.3/ 5 at 10 p.m.
On NBC, Monday 8-9 p.m. sitcoms “Superstore” (#4: 3.1/ 5) and “Telenovela” (#4: 2.2/ 3) lost steam, dipping by 14 and 15 percent, respectively, from one week earlier. But there is every reason to still expect a second season for “Superstore.” And they led into “The Biggest Loser,” which scored a slim (excuse the pun) 2.1/ 3 in the household overnights from 9-11 p.m.
The CW capped off the night with the perennially low-rated pairing of one-hour comedies “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” (#5: 0.7/ 1) and “Jane the Virgin” (#5: 0.8/ 1).
Source: Nielsen Media Research
There are also a number of accessories you can add to your Shield bundle, including an official £40/€50 remote, £20/€30 stand and £50/€60 gamepad. One controller is included as standard, but two might make gaming on the Tegra X1-powered set-top box a whole lot more enjoyable. To coincide with the launch, the company is also debuting GeForce Now, the Netflix-for-games service which we originally knew as GRID. It's free for the first three months on Shield devices, but transitions to a £7.49/€9.99 plan thereafter.
If you're looking for something that matches Amazon's Fire TV in the streaming stakes but has a little more oomph in the gaming department, Amazon and GAME will stock the Shield TV, but you can also grab it from NVIDIA's official store if the online retailer doesn't have a presence where you live.
Liverpool striker says he will submit transfer requestUruguayan claims club broke promise to let him go'All I want is for Liverpool to honour our agreement'
Luis Suárez has pleaded with Liverpool to fulfil the promise they made a year ago and let him leave Anfield. The Uruguay striker insists that he is prepared to submit a written transfer request by the end of the week if the club continue to block his move to Arsenal. Speaking for the first time since Arsenal made a £40,000,001 bid for him, Suárez told the Guardian he believes that he has been left little alternative.
Suárez claims the club told him they would let him depart if they failed to qualify for the Champions League this season and that a clause in his contract allows him to leave should someone make a bid of more than £40m. He says he has the backing of the Professional Footballers' Association and that he is prepared to take the issue to the Premier League to force his exit and move to the Emirates before the transfer window closes on 2 September.
"Last year I had the opportunity to move to a big European club and I stayed on the understanding that if we failed to qualify for the Champions League the following season I'd be allowed to go," he revealed. "I gave absolutely everything last season but it was not enough to give us a top-four finish – now all I want is for Liverpool to honour our agreement."
At the heart of the battle is the "release" clause that was included in Suárez's new contract, signed last August. Liverpool have denied that the contract obliges them to sell to any club that more than £40m.
Arsenal were acting according to what they understand to be Suárez's contractual status and the Uruguayan last night again insisted that there is a formal agreement that he could go. "I have the club's word and we have the written contract and we are happy to take this to the Premier League for them to decide the case but I do not want it to come to that," he said.
"I don't feel betrayed [by Liverpool] but the club promised me something a year ago just as I promised them that I would stay and try everything possible to get us into the Champions League.
"They gave me their word a year ago and now I want them to honour that. And it is not just something verbal with the coach but something that is written in the contract. I'm not going to another club to hurt Liverpool."
The clause is sufficiently ambiguous to leave doubts over how the stalemate will be resolved. Suárez's camp saw £40m as the threshold price at which Liverpool would have to sell, something that was publicly revealed by Arsenal's £40,000,001 bid.
The bid, though, tested the clause and revealed that Liverpool saw £40m as the point at which they must start to negotiate, not the point at which they are obliged to sell. The PFA has been consulted about potential mediation in the search for a solution.
The letter of the law is one thing, the spirit of the law is another. Suárez clearly feels let down by what he sees as a broken promise. Nor does he speak lightly; the doubts continue over the best way to proceed. Suárez says he was reluctant to reach this point. But he believes that the message that has come out of Anfield has not always been entirely true and that being portrayed as someone who just wants out has not always been fair.
Brendan Rogers, the Liverpool manager, insisted that he had spoken to Suárez and publicly claimed that the Uruguayan understood and accepted the club's position. Those were remarks that surprised the striker when he saw them. The two men had indeed spoken but when they did Suárez made it clear that he wanted to go and felt that he was entitled to do so.
Liverpool fans argue that having supported him through thick and thin, mostly thin, they deserve greater loyalty. The club and most supporters backed him when he was charged with racially abusing Patrice Evra and biting Branislav Ivanovic. Walking away is no way to repay that. Two suspensions have led to two lengthy absences that have hurt his club – 18 games in total. He still has six games of a 10-match ban to serve.
And yet the reaction of fans over the past few days has been far from rejection, even now, even with his determination to depart so clear. Suárez played at Anfield on Saturday and took part in an open training session held at the stadium on Monday. Both times he was cheered by supporters. They appeared to have decided that they would do all they could to persuade him to stay. Nowhere would he be embraced like this.
But he disputes suggestions that he has lacked loyalty and says most fans would understand his position. His performances allow him to build a case: 51 goals in 96 appearances, 30 last season. In terms of talent, or commitment on the pitch, few doubts him. The problems have been elsewhere. He also notes that Liverpool could make an enormous profit on the £22.8m they paid Ajax for him in January 2011. Besides, loyalty cuts both ways and he was swift to paint his decision as a purely professional one.
"They defended me, just like I defended them on the pitch. The players have always supported me and I'm grateful for that. It's the same with the supporters. I got a great reception at the weekend and I am grateful. I don't think the supporters are angry – I think they understand a player when he has the ambition to triumph at the highest level.
"When you are at a club for as long as you are together you stick up for each other but that does not give the club the right to go back on their commitment."
Last summer Suárez turned down the chance to move to a Champions League qualifier, understood to be Juventus, and he is not prepared to wait another year.
"I'm 26. I need to be playing in the Champions League. I waited one year and no one can say that I did not give everything possible with my team-mates last season to get us there."
He continues: "It is not as if I am asking to move to a local rival. And I would not consider moving to a club outside the Champions League. I have made my desire to move known in private various times and now it feels like the time for me to make it public.
"I have to put my career first. People say Liverpool deserve more from me but I have scored 50 goals in less than 100 games and now they could double the money they paid for me.
"Liverpool will always be special for me: my daughter was born here. [Last summer] was the moment to show my loyalty to Liverpool and I did. [Liverpool] gave me my chance in England and stood up for me throughout my ban. I know I have made mistakes in my time here but I have apologised lots of times. This is not about that. This is about the club having agreed to something both verbally and in the contract which they are now not honouring.
"People may accuse me of showing a lack of loyalty but last season we told Liverpool there was interest from a top European club but they told me: 'We've got a new coach and we're going to push for the Champions League.'
"I spoke with Brendan Rodgers several times and he told me: 'Stay another season, and you have my word if we don't make it then I will personally make sure that you can leave.'"
Now the story has changed. "Liverpool is a club with a reputation for doing things the right way," Suárez says. "I just want them to abide by the promises made last season. Some of [my team-mates] say to me: 'We cannot understand that if you have it signed that you can't leave.'"
But that is not the only story that has changed. Arsenal's interest and Suárez's apparent willingness to move to the Emirates sits uneasily with his previous insistence that the problem resided largely with the English media: London is in England too. Anonymity may prove easier in London than Liverpool but that is not an explanation Suárez offers for the contradiction. He instead suggests that it was merely the inevitable answer to an inevitable question. In any case, he says this is about football, not infamy.
"I was asked a question: 'Would I want to play for Madrid?' It's like anyone asked if they want to change jobs and move to a bigger company. Everyone aspires to the highest levels and all I did was give an honest answer: 'Yes, I would.' On the same day I gave that interview Pepe Reina said the same thing about Barcelona and nobody mentioned it. But if I do it then it means I am disrespecting Liverpool. It has always been the same: one rule for me and another for everyone else.
"I had just arrived in Uruguay where the press are very good to me because I am one of theirs," he continues. "They asked me about the press in England. What am I supposed to say? Of course I don't like the fact that my wife goes to the supermarket and there are photographers. But I realise that the press attention is the same wherever you go."
The bid from Arsenal stings, though. Suárez's response is simple: "My priority is Champions League football. This is about me doing what is right for my career at this moment in time.
"Right now the Premier League is the biggest and most important league. My record shows that I'm not the kind of player who wants to change clubs every season and I would have no problem playing in England for many more years. If we are just talking about the level of the football and the way the supporters are then it is an incredible league. Any player in the world at the moment would like to play here."
But it is a different league, the Champions League, that hangs heaviest: this is a theme to which he returns often. "I feel I have done enough to be playing in the Champions League at this stage of my career," he says. "Now there is an option for me to do that and I want very much to take it. I went a long time at Ajax without playing many games in the Champions League. I am ambitious, I want to be there."
Liverpool continues to be adamant that the Uruguayan is not for sale and have scoffed at the offer made by Arsenal. But Suárez's decision to speak out, a decision he has been contemplating for a while, may change the situation.
The club's principal owner, John W Henry, spoke at a supporters' event in Oslo, where Liverpool play Valerenga on Wednesday without Suárez who is injured. His comments followed a statement which denied he and Tom Werner were negotiating the sale of the club. "I don't know why people ask us if we are selling the club or the best players, because we are not," Henry said. "We like to buy stuff, not to sell."
Rodgers, answering questions before Liverpool's game in Norway, responded to more queries about Suárez by insisting the club's position had not changed. "Luis picked up an injury in the open training session at Anfield yesterday and along with a number of other players we decided this game was too much of a risk for him. He will have a scan.
"I will tell you what I have been saying all summer — he is an incredible player. We have had a couple of bids from one club which has been no where near the valuation of what he is worth in this market, so there is no change in that. We have no intention of selling one of the best players in the world to one of our rivals. Luis is very much a Liverpool player and there is no real value in discussing it unless someone comes close to the valuation.
"Luis is a wonderful player, but this is a bigger project than just him."
Spotlight. (Photo: Open Road Films)
The Oscar-nominated film Spotlight follows an investigative team from the Boston Globe as they expose the almost 90 Catholic priests in the area who abused children—and the wall of lies and trickery that the Church used to cover it up. The movie powerfully highlights that institutions we expect to protect us can actually cause us harm. This happens when institutions, like the Church or the military or universities, do not acknowledge the widespread abuse going on within their confines, do not respond appropriately when survivors came forward, and do little to prevent such violations against body and soul.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
As a trauma psychologist, I think of my patients, and their struggles—not simply the sexual abuse (though that too), but also the invalidation, the disbelief, the doubting themselves, and forever feeling broken. So I can't turn a blind eye to sexual assault in boys and men and neither should you.
At least one in six boys in this country is sexually abused by the time of his 18th birthday. Survivors of childhood sexual abuse are at risk for a wide range of medical, psychological, and sexual disorders, from PTSD and substance abuse to depression and suicidal behavior. The numbers uncovered by the Boston Globe Spotlight team may seem shocking—and they are. But abuse against boys is not as unusual as you'd think. (While church investigations have uncovered abuses against girls, the overwhelming majority are against boys.)
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
I want survivors to be able to say, "I am not inherently crazy, bad, or weak for having had this horrible experience."
The majority of the research and public discussion on sexual abuse focuses on girls and women. This trend is understandable: Girls are unquestionably at greater risk of such violations. But boys and men experience this type of abuse at alarming rates. And sexual abuse in the lives of boys and men is grossly underrepresented, largely overlooked, stigmatized, or shamed by the public and sometimes by health care professionals.
As the president of the American Psychological Association's Division of Trauma Psychology, I recently organized a symposium on this topic for possible presentation at our annual APA convention. This conference draws thousands of psychologists each year. The session was to feature the latest research and clinical updates on male sexual abuse from the perspective of psychologists, advocates, and a survivor. My programming team and I reached out to all of the 50-plus other divisions at APA to see if they would want to co-sponsor such a session. To our great surprise and dismay, not one division came forward. To be fair, competition for programming at convention is tough. But I think this also represents a larger systemic issue for all of us to turn our backs on this topic and this traumatized population.
Male sexual assault survivors really need our help—and they're not going to reach out for it themselves. In a nationally representative sample of thousands of adolescents, boys were less likely than girls to disclose sexual abuse or report it to authorities and reported higher levels of shame. Male survivor concerns, such as fear of being viewed as homosexual (if the assailant was male), can impede disclosure and help-seeking. In addition, messages boys receive from society—notions that they are supposed to be powerful and invulnerable, should never cry or experience sadness, and that they should always welcome sexual activity—these can obstruct a victim's true acknowledgement of his pain. We need institutional support so more men can come forward and receive the attention and care they need and deserve after such experiences.
The Department of Veterans Affairs, where I volunteer and see patients, has recently prepared and distributed gender-specific printed health-care materials for male veterans who have experienced military sexual abuse. In a recent study, male veterans said they would prefer having targeted materials so they know they are not alone. But there are other things we can do to support the options for recovery and justice of our boys and men.
In Spotlight, as in real life, after the paper broke its story on childhood sexual abuse, the investigative team was inundated with phone calls from survivors. I am praying that this movie has that effect on trauma survivors worldwide. I hope they see this movie and what good therapy can do for them. That they can see and say, "I am not inherently crazy, bad, or weak for having had this horrible experience." That they can hold their heads up, look themselves in the mirror and others in the eye, and say, "I did nothing to deserve this." Maybe Spotlight can have the same effect on all of us.
This sneering, preening performance by the new Republican National Committee chairman, Reince Priebus, yesterday on Fox News really set me off, for some reason. As you can see, it's all about blaming Democrats for the state of the economy, insisting that they are somehow responsible for the ballooning federal deficit and the need to raise the debt ceiling. That's the thrust of the RNC's latest round of Obama-bashing ads.
You certainly can't say they lack for chutzpah.
Look, this meme has been building ever since the Tea Partiers started raging about the deficit and the debt, and now it's the official Republican talking point. It all makes me want to ask:
Where do you guys get the balls to lecture Democrats about deficit spending and the state of the economy?
Seriously.
The previous Democratic president -- a guy named Bill Clinton, who Republicans hounded with a meaningless sex scandal -- handed off to his Republican successor a $46 billion federal surplus after having erased the deficit for three successive years.
That surplus disappeared the first year George W. Bush was in office, even before the 9/11 attacks happened, in no small part because Bush began slashing taxes for the wealthy immediately upon taking office. And then he and his Republican allies running the Congress proceeded to ring up the deficit to unheard-of heights, thanks largely to a needless invasion of another nation under false pretenses.
Where were all these Republicans in the years 2001-2006, when they were setting new records for federal deficits and destroying the economy along the way?
And then blaming Obama and the Democrats for lost jobs really takes the cake. It's undoubtedly true that Obama's policies have not restored jobs in anything near an adequate fashion. But those millions of jobs were destroyed on Republicans' economic watch, as a result of Republican economic policies.
Fixing the economy is indeed a much bigger uphill climb than the Pollyannas on the White House economic team reckoned. But Republicans have done nothing but make it harder, by obstructing every Democratic initiative to stimulate the economy and improve our economic competitiveness (which was what the health-care debate was largely about), not to mention the employment picture generally.
Indeed, it's now becoming crystal clear that they are perfectly willing to wreck the American economy entirely in order to defeat Obama's economic policies, such as they are. And at the same time, they not only plan to blame Obama for the wreckage, they are already doing so.
Remind me again why our president is deluded into believing he can bargain in good faith with these people.
OK, rant over.
The end of Xavi's era at Barcelona is now a reality. The legendary centre-midfielder will play next season for Al Sadd in Qatar, taking €10million a season, according to Stade Doha.
Raimon Roma
Xavi is the player that has played the most games in the history of Barcelona, with 16 seasons in the first team. At 35 years old, he has decided to leave the Blaugrana and join the project of Al Sadd.
The midfielder will form part of the first team squad but also help out as an advisor to the Aspire Academy, which is trying to train players with a view to competing in the Qatar World Cup in 2022.
He will sign for three seasons, taking €30m, with the option for a season more. Xavi had other offers, including from the MLS, but he chose Qatar. The player will also study for his coaching badges while in the country. However, Xavi will not announce his decision until the end of the season.
Former Jets defensive end Dennis Byrd, best known for suffering a serious spinal injury and fighting his way back to be able to walk again, has died in a car crash. He was 50.
Byrd was traveling down state Route 88 in Oklahoma north of Claremore on Saturday when he was involved in a two-car collision that claimed his life and sent two others to the hospital in critical condition, according to the Tulsa World. A 17-year-old driver veered into the oncoming lane, striking the vehicle driven by Byrd, who was pronounced dead at the scene due to massive injuries.
"We are all devastated by the untimely loss of Dennis Byrd," Jets owner Woody Johnson said in a statement. "Soft-spoken and strong-willed, the inspiration he provided to all not only by his play on the field but from the way he overcame lifeâs obstacles was remarkable by any measure. His impact on the New York Jets and the many lives he touched will never be forgotten."
Byrd suffered a fractured vertebra in a collision with teammate Scott Mersereau during a game against the Kansas City Chiefs on Nov. 29, 1992. He created his place in history when he walked again within weeks after a doctor's prognosis said otherwise.
Byrd walked to midfield as an honorary captain for the home opener during the following season in 1993, and the Jets retired Byrd's No. 90 jersey in 2012. Byrd spent four seasons with the Jets from 1989-1992, and was also a four-year starter at Tulsa from 1984-1988.
Chelsea are currently 10 points clear at the top (Getty)
Marcos Alonso has revealed a part of the recipe for success at table-topping Chelsea this season.
The Blues are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League after a remarkable turnaround in fortunes from last season, when they finished 10th.
Solskjaer sends message to struggling Man Utd star ahead of Crystal Palace clash
Their horrendous campaign last term, which started under Jose Mourinho, was clouded by reports of unrest behind the scenes. But things have changed dramatically under Antonio Conte, who arrived in the summer, with the entire team seemingly pulling in the same direction.
It would appear that bond hasn't just happened by chance but has been encouraged by Conte who has been organising regular dinners for all the players.
‘We have been going out for dinner once a month all together as a group, just enjoying each other's company off the pitch as well,' Alonso revealed. ‘It's been a great help and the atmosphere within the squad is amazing. You can see that when we're on the pitch. It's organised by the manager and the captain and it's good fun for everyone.'
Alonso only arrived in the summer but has quickly settled at Stamford Bridge, becoming one of Chelsea's most influential players. It would appear a budding bromance with Pedro has helped ease him in.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘Pedro is a very good friend and I like to catch up with him after training,' Alonso told Chelseafc.com. ‘I didn't know him before I came here but he's been a great help since I arrived. We go for dinner quite regularly and we went to the NBA at the O2 together. I'm not a massive basketball fan but I follow some of the Spanish players.'
Chelsea is in FA Cup action this weekend, taking on Championship side Wolves.
MORE: Chelsea ace David Luiz eases injury fears with class poolside trick-shot
MORE: Diego Costa set to sign new £57m Chelsea contract
× Tony Allen is a new spokesperson for airport
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Memphis International Airport is joining forces with the Memphis Grizzlies and FedExForum.
Grizzlies' guard Tony Allen will be the official spokesperson for the airport for at least one year.
The deal includes promotions, community events, and initiatives designed to increase awareness about changes at the airport.
The airport logo will appear on growl towels.
One promotion gives fans the chance to win airline tickets and Grizzlies tickets to select road games.
The first year of the deal will cost the airport $156,000. a second year is $176,000 and a third year $198,000.
In a news release, Allen said, “I'm happy to lend my voice to Memphis International as they enter this new phase of development to bring an improved facility to Memphis.”
Scott Brockman, MSCAA President and CEO, said, “We are in the midst of reinventing the Memphis International Airport. Part of that reinvention is our relentless pursuit of frequent and affordable air service. Part is a physical reinvention highlighted by our concourse B modernization project. Additionally, an equally important aspect of our reinvention is taking community outreach to new heights. Rather than being one airline's hub, we are now Memphis's hub and we will be a reflection of our great city. What better way do that than to partner with Tony Allen and the Memphis Grizzlies?”
Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei has condemned the “shameless” military threats against the Islamic Republic, saying the country must always be ready to defend itself.
Ayatollah Khamenei made the comments in a Sunday address to a group of senior Army commanders in Tehran on the occasion of National Army Day.
The Leader praised the performance of the Iranian Army throughout the history of the 1979 Islamic Revolution, saying the defense achievements of the Armed Forces are among the country's best in the field of research and technology.
Ayatollah Khamenei said Iranians have proved that they can strongly protect the country and stand against the aggressors “like a tight fist,” praising the “integrity” of the Iranian nation in the face of threats.
Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei addresses a group of senior Army commanders in Tehran on April 19, 2015. © leader.ir
“Iran has never been and will not be a threat to regional and neighboring countries, but it will act with full force in the face of any threat,” said the Leader.
The Leader further rejected the allegations that Iran interferes in the affairs of regional states, stressing that such claims and media propaganda are “unreal.”
“We despise those who attack civilians, women and children and believe that they are ignorant about Islam and human conscience, but we do not meddle in the affairs of countries,” Ayatollah Khamenei stated.
© leader.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei further pointed to the “shameless” threats of the Americans against Iran, saying the US officials, on the one hand,“bluff” that they may take military action against Iran, and on the other hand, urge the Islamic Republic to stop the progress in its defense sector.
The Leader described the Iranian nuclear issue as a “fake myth” that has been devised by the United States to portray the Islamic Republic as a threat.
The chairman of the US military's joint chiefs of staff recently repeated the US military threats against Iran over its nuclear program. On April 16, Gen. Martin Dempsey said that the US “military option” against Iran is “intact.”
Ayatollah Khamenei said it is the United States, and not Iran, that is freely posing security threats and interferes in the affairs of others.
© leader.ir
The Leader described the United States and the Zionist regime as “the greatest threats to the region and the world,” saying that they “interfere in any location and trigger a carnage without any restraint and without any commitment to religious and conscientious principles.”
The Leader also called on the Defense Ministry as well as all Armed Forces to continue to boost their spiritual preparedness in the face of enemy threats, adding, “This is akin to a formal guideline.”
“Despite strengthening its defense and military capabilities, the Islamic Republic of Iran will never be a threat to regional and neighboring states,” the Leader said.
MKA/HMV
Synopsis
Dawn Airey, programme controller of Channel Five once famously said her channel was about the 3 "F"s: films, football and... you can probably guess what the last one is. The last of these was in connection with her description to show soft porn and documentaries about the sex industry. Since then Dawn has changed it to the much less memorable 5 "M"s; one of them is movies and I think we can all guess snidely about another of them.
Channel 5 has been making, shall we say, slow but steady progress in the ratings towards their goal of 5% audience share and they haven't been shy of using whatever gimmicks they feel necessary to grab the ratings. Accordingly, they promptly devoted a whole week of programmes to help celebrate world naturism. This is a bona fide naturist game show: host and contestants all in the buff.
The host is Keith Chegwin, most recently famous for hosting the recent successful revival of seminal team races/stunts contest It's a Knockout after a long career hosting children's TV shows in an overenthusiastic fashion.
Naked Jungle is essentially a naturist version of the recent children's action game show Jungle Run. It uses the same spectacular set and the same fine production values, but a significantly different structure so to crown an individual winner rather than team victory or success.
Five naturist couples take part: the five men compete separately among each other to produce a male champion, the five ladies compete against each other separately to find a female winner. The two, er, best-of-gender winners then team up for the endgame in an attempt to win a cash prize of £5000.
Whereas Jungle Run is a contest to collect as many bananas as possible, the theme of Naked Jungle is collecting fig-leaves. The whole show has a fig-leaf motif. Contestants wear no clothes throughout except a coloured arm-band to tell them apart. Host Keith Chegwin wears no clothes likewise except a pith helmet (that's a hat). You can tell by the uneven tan and body tone that Keith is not normally a naturist, but he has no qualms about his outfit. It also confirms that host Cheggers has been through puberty, contrary to what his voice suggests.
Cheggers in a publicity photo for the programme. Never has the world been so grateful for a piece of blue MDF.
The process of eliminating five men down to one is through a series of five games; each gent plays each game simultaneously, and the lowest scorer is eliminated after each of the last four games. The women's contest works similarly. The set is a lavish but deliberately stylised and artificial junglesque landscape.
The first game, The Pool of Death, saw contestants scramble around on polystyrene-style boats (in the shape of lilies) around a pool to pick up fig-leaves before a short time-limit. The second game, The Lost Camp (and I think we've got your lost camp right here) saw the men searching the landscape trying to find keys to unlock chests containing fig-leaves. The ladies, on their turn, searched the same landscape for rubber insects and bugs. The lowest-scoring contestant, based on total score over the two games, was eliminated.
Censorship at its finest.
In all honesty, calling it "The Pool of Death" was probably overselling it a bit.
Game three, The Chasm of Doom, saw the gentlemen swing a ravine and run around the set trying to collect fig-leaves. (Recognise the theme here? It was starting to get a little much.) The ladies did something different; they aimed to throw colour-coded spears down off a rope bridge into a target. The weakest performer in this game was eliminated.
Game four, The Cave of Lost Souls, was a straight race. Each of the three contestants in each half of the show ran around said cave, sliding planks, laying down ladders, swinging on ropes and securing sets of netting in order to make their way around the inside of the cave and avoid falling into chasms. One of the ladies fell in. The gents all made it round cleanly, so the slowest man was eliminated.
The ancient Greeks did this all the time, you know.
Game five, The Waterfall of Venus, saw a contest between the gentlemen to climb round the outside of the waterfall and, indeed, collect as many fig-leaves as possible, while their opponent blasted away at either them or the fig-leaves around in order to distract. The ladies had a much less demanding task - a race involving abseiling, swimming, clambering and rope-climbing. As ever, whoever returned fewer leaves to the host or lost the race was eliminated.
Not the most comfortable position to be in.
So we struggled through to find a winning gentleman and a winning lady who teamed up to play the two-part endgame. In the first part, the two then raced throughout the entire set - guess what? - picking up as many of the 180 fig leaves strewn about the set on the way. A nice touch was that the contestants eliminated in each round remained stranded at the relevant part of the set so we got to see them again.
The second part of the endgame saw the two contestants make their way through the four caverns of The Temple of the Body. Each cavern featured a puzzle which took the form of a cave-painting with three parts of the puzzle missing. Three blocks are provided with the missing parts of the picture. Correctly orienting all three blocks and placing them in the appropriate places completes the puzzle and opens the door to the next cavern. Increasing amounts of money were available for each puzzle solved - £500 for the first puzzle solved, £1,000 for the second, £1,500 for the third and £2000 for the fourth, making a potential prize of £5,000. The team had to make their way back out of the Temple with the money before the expiry of the time period in order to keep the prize.
All told, the show had no intellectual content, not a vast deal of variety and very little to play along with. Furthermore, Keith Chegwin hosted it in his typical cheery fashion. We don't know what your opinions are of naturism, but the contestants chosen were realistic rather than models. Failing to make this last comment would be like reporting on a football match without telling you the score: there was neither attempt to focus upon genitals nor attempt to avoid them.
That's no way to talk about Keith Chegwin.
The Sun's at it again.
All told, what was a children's show that wasn't worth bothering with at the time (though it's improved considerably since then) turned out to be excellent source material for a one-off which actually probably gained from the naturism stipulation. A thoughtfully designed but only moderately well produced one-off, but it probably wouldn't stand up as a full series.
Trivia
Such was the bru-ha-ha conjured up by the programme that then-Culture Secretary Chris Smith made oblique reference to it during Culture, Media and Sport Questions in the House of Commons: "We have noted in recent days considerable concern about some of the content on television, particularly in relation to Channel 5. Government cannot and should not directly intervene, but I believe that the broadcasters have a commercial and a moral duty to take good account of the views of the public, and I urge them to do so." (Hansard, 12 June 2000). Even though this wasn't strictly relevant to the question he was asked, which was about the provision of regional news services on digital television.
Cheggers said afterwards that his mother was so shocked by his naked cavorting that he's promised never to do the show again.
In 2006, it came top in a (totally undemocratic) list of the Top 50 worst British TV programmes of all time, according to a Radio Times article.
The winners were Steve, 39 from Surrey, and Cyndi, who wasn't. They completed 3 of the 4 puzzles in The Temple of the Body, and won £3000 between them.
As far as we know, there are not plans to make a series hosted by Freddy from Rainbow songsmiths Rod, Jane and Freddy, regardless of what Wikipedia claims.
Merchandise
Naked Jungle (VHS)
Web links
Contestant Andy Crawford's page about the show
Feedback
Trump gives Stephen Bannon National Security Council role
CLOSE President-elect Donald Trump's chief strategist Stephen Bannon is causing a social media firestorm with his controversial commentary and projects. Let's take a closer look at some of his past positions. USA TODAY NETWORK
In one of three executive actions Saturday, President Trump reshuffled the National Security Council to include his chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, and limited the roles of the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The memorandum makes the chief strategist a regular attendee of the principals committee, the Cabinet-level interagency forum that deals with policy issues affecting national security. For Bannon, the Washington outsider who ran the conservative website Breitbart News, it's another area of federal government in which he will have influence.
The Trump strategist is already considered a controversial choice for chief strategist because of Breitbart News's tendency to cater to white nationalists and previous comments he's made (i.e. "turn on the hate").
The memo also stated that the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Join Chiefs of Staff will attend the principals committee meetings when issues related to their responsibilities are needed. According to The Hill, both officials have been regular attendees to principals committee meetings.
In this file photo, Stephen Bannon watches as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump addresses the final rally of his 2016 presidential campaign at DeVos Place in Grand Rapids, Mich. (Photo: Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images)
You can read the full memo here.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jE4r4t
The Brexit referendum and sterling
Stefan Gerlach, Edoardo Di Giamberardino
The outcome of the UK's referendum on EU membership could have a significant effect on sterling. This column estimates the potential size of this effect by looking at the relationship between daily changes in the sterling exchange rate and bookmakers' odds of Brexit. Movements of between 5% and 15% seem plausible.
On 23 June, the uncertainty over whether the UK will remain or leave the EU will be resolved. If the referendum is in favour of remaining, plainly the current UK government will not decide to exit. And if the referendum is in favour of leaving, it would be difficult to for the government to decide to remain a member.
How might the outcome impact on asset prices? Given the arguments put forth in the debate, one would guess that an outcome in favour of the UK remaining an EU member would cause asset prices to rise, and an outcome in favour of departing would trigger a fall of asset prices (Dhingra et al. 2016). Since the foreign exchange market is highly liquid, one would expect the outcome of the referendum to have a particularly large effect on sterling. But how much might sterling move?
In this column, we show how to get a handle on this question by looking at the relationship between daily changes in the sterling exchange rate and bookmakers' odds of the outcome of the referendum.
Briefly, the estimates suggest that an outcome in favour of remaining might appreciate sterling by 5%; an outcome in favour of leaving might depreciate sterling by 15%. In interpreting these estimates it should be kept in mind that they are surrounded by a wide margin of uncertainty. Moreover, the size of this effect depends on any policy measures announced – in the UK and abroad – around the time of the referendum.
The odds of Brexit
There are several potential sources of information about the probability of Brexit. One is to use survey data (Gerlach 2016). However, with voting intentions varying sharply across socioeconomic groups, it is crucial that their relative importance in the survey sample is identical to that in the broader population. This is difficult to achieve and one reason why surveys did not accurately predict the outcome of the referendum for Scottish independence and the last general election.
Another possibility is to use bookmakers' odds. These have two advantages: they are available continuously, and, since they involve financial gains and losses, there are good reasons to believe that they reflect accurately the views of those participating in the market. We therefore use them here.
Odds data are based on calculations by the Centre on Constitutional Change at the University of Edinburgh, using data provided by the website www.oddschecker.com. Oddschecker lists data from companies that have offered odds on the referendum. The 25 companies providing data started to do so at different points in time and at different frequencies, in one case offering several daily updates of the odds.
To use the odds to calculate the probability of the outcomes, they have been adjusted for the bookmakers' profit margin. The data spans the period 12 May 2015 to 20 May 2016. From November 2015 onward, data are daily. Before that date there are missing observations, which we set equal to the most recently observed value.
The figure below shows the calculated probabilities of Brexit and the pound/US dollar exchange rate. The two series show little correlation in the second half of 2015, but that may merely reflect the fact that there are other variables beyond the probability of Brexit that impact on the exchange rate.
The effects of Brexit
To study the effects of the outcome of referendum on sterling, we regressed the daily percent change of the dollar/sterling exchange rate on:
The change in the Bookmakers' odds (quoted yesterday to account for information lags);
The percent change in the euro/dollar exchange rate (to control for US developments); and
The percent change of an energy price index (to control for other factors impacting on the sterling exchange rate).
The model is fitted on data from January 4 to May 20, 2016 and a constant is included.
Results
The results indicate that the changes in bookmakers' odds have economically and statistically important effects on the dollar/pound exchange rate: a 1 percentage point decline in the probability of Brexit is estimated to appreciate the exchange rate by 0.2%.
Furthermore, a 1% depreciation of the euro against the dollar is associated with a 0.5% depreciation of sterling against the dollar, and a 1% increase in energy prices appreciates sterling by 0.05%. These latter two effects are also statistically highly significant.
Table 1 Regression results
Odds Dollar-euro Energy prices Parameter 0.21 0.57 -0.05 t-stat. (3.51) (4.73) (3.20)
Notes: R-sq. = 0.34; DW = 1.87. Newey-West standard errors.
At the end of the sample, bookmakers price in a 26% probability of Brexit. We may assume that this probability is priced into the exchange rate already. Therefore, the expected appreciation of sterling if the outcome is for the UK to remain an EU member is 0.2 × 26% = 5.2%. The expected depreciation if the outcome is to leave the EU is 0.2 × 74% = 14.8%.
It is important to recognise that these estimates are surrounded by considerable uncertainty: a 95% confidence band suggests an appreciation of between 2.2-8.4% in case the outcome of the referendum is for the UK to remain in the EU. In the case of the opposite outcome, a 95% confidence band suggests a depreciation of between 6.3-24.2%.
These are estimates of the direct effect of the outcome of the referendum on the exchange rate. These effects could be amplified by other factors. For instance, the uncertainty unleashed by a decision to leave the EU could trigger a much larger depreciation than suggested here. Similarly, it is possible that if the outcome is for the UK to leave the EU, policy changes that have a large impact on the exchange rate may be announced. The estimates provided above should thus be interpreted with a grain of salt.
Conclusions
There are good reasons to expect sterling to move abruptly in the foreign exchange markets in response to the outcome of the referendum. The size of the change depends on the size of the surprise, which in turn depends on the probability of Brexit before the referendum. Movements between 5-15% seem plausible.
References
Dhingra, S., H. Huang, G. I. P. Ottaviano, T. Sampson and J. Van Reenen (2016), “The consequences of Brexit for UK trade and living standards,” VoxEU.org, 4 April.
Gerlach, S. (2016) “What Brexit surveys really tell us,” VoxEU.org, 6 May.
A Brief History
On October 9, 2013, American Horror Story: Coven debuted on FX with at least three characters based on real life infamous Americans!
Digging Deeper
First off, yes, most of the show's plot and characters are the inventions of the show's creative writers, but the story does have elements based in our country's history. This approach is actually consistent with previous incarnations of the show as the original series did, after all, include notorious bisected murder victim Elizabeth Short a.k.a. The Black Dahlia in a memorable episode.
This series (yes, series, not season, because for some reason when each incarnation of the show is nominated for awards, it is nominated as a miniseries…) features at least two actual historic personages as important characters portrayed by award-winning actresses: Marie Laveau played by Angela Bassett and Delphine LaLaurie played by Kathy Bates.
Marie Laveau (September 10, 1794 – June 16, 1881), the Voodoo Queen of New Orleans, was born of a white planter and free woman of color. Much of her career as a Voodoo Queen is shrouded in legends and mysteries. She may have had a snake named Zombi, owned a brothel, and “cured” clients of various ailments.
As with Laveau, many of the allegations against Marie Delphine LaLaurie ( c. 1775 – c. 1842) must also be called into question as possible later inventions of journalists or people looking to cash in on tourism by telling ghost stories. If true, however, the stories about her would unquestionably make her one of history's most depraved individuals, rivaling even the Blood Countess Elizabeth Bathory.
Among the crimes attributed to LaLaurie include excessive cruelty to slaves from whippings to tortures that one would expect to find in Dante's “Inferno”! The most bizarre claims even suggest that she contorted the limbs of her victims or had portions of their skin removed to make them resemble a crab and a caterpillar, respectively. What happened next to LaLaurie remains largely a mystery, with one story claiming she was killed by a boar and another that she died in Paris.
As for her house of horrors, for some reason or another, actor Nicolas Cage eventually bought her mansion in New Orleans for a cool $3.5 million!
A third character is also based on a series of unsolved crimes from the early twentieth century, but he (or she?) is the subject of a separate article on this site!
If you liked this article and would like to receive notification of new articles, please feel welcome to subscribe to History and Headlines by liking us on Facebook.
Your readership is much appreciated!
Historical Evidence
For more information on the factual versus the legendary Delphine LaLaurie, please examine Mad Madame Lalaurie: New Orleans's Most Famous Murderess Revealed and for more on Marie Laveau, you might consider A New Orleans Voudou Priestess: The Legend and Reality of Marie Laveau . As for the upcoming series based in part on their lives, please visit the official website for additional information. You can also watch the American Horror Story: The Complete First Season if you are interested in the show's beginnings.
MARCH 19--Police who showed up last month at a Georgia home in search of a woman wanted for a probation violation came across an unbelievable sight when they discovered three adults and a 9-year-old child living in what they described as "a 'hoarding' site for rabbits."
A grotesque Dunwoody Police Department report details a scene "more alarming" than the crimes they were there to investigate--a home overrun with at least 77 rabbits as well as a "strong odor of ammonia/urine…throughout the entire residence." The bunnies were "freely roaming throughout the interior of the house" with "copious amounts of rabbit feces…observed on the ground, beds, couches, counters, and throughout the house."
The residents--Louis Massood and Dena Guevara, both 47--claimed that they were keeping the rabbits for "'rescue purposes,'" but, as noted by an officer, the home lacked food and water for the animals.
With the consent of Guevara, cops called a bunny rescue that took 64 of the rabbits while an additional 13 rabbits were also turned over to county animal control. But, as police note, they were unable to confirm that there are not more animals "possibly hiding throughout the debris filled house."
Both Massood and Guevara, seen in the above mug shots, were booked into the DeKalb County Jail and charged with animal cruelty. Guevara was also hit with drug possession and an obstruction charge. They are both scheduled for an April 17 court arraignment. (3 pages)
WALLACE: Senator, let me ask you a direct question. Do you personally, do you support extending unemployment benefits, or would you let 1.3 million Americans lose those benefits before the end of the year?
PAUL: I do support unemployment benefits for the 26 weeks that they're paid for. If you extend it beyond that, you do a disservice to these workers.
There was a study that came out a few months ago, and it said, if you have a worker that's been unemployed for four weeks and on unemployment insurance and one that's on 99 weeks, which would you hire? Every employer, nearly 100 percent, said they will always hire the person who's been out of work four weeks.
When you allow people to be on unemployment insurance for 99 weeks, you're causing them to become part of this perpetual unemployed group in our economy. And it really -- while it seems good, it actually does a disservice to the people you're trying to help.
You know, I don't doubt the president's motives. But black unemployment in America is double white unemployment. And it hasn't budged under this president.
WALLACE: But, Senator --
PAUL: I think a lot of African-Americans voted for him, but I don't think it's worked. I don't think his policies have worked.
WALLACE: But, Senator, how do you persuade the African-American voter in the inner city, you're not going to spend more government money, you're going to vote to let the -- the unemployment benefits lapse, how do you persuade that black voter, this is good for them? This is the right policy?
PAUL: My economic stimulus plan for Detroit would leave over a billion dollars in Detroit's economy and would stimulate Detroit. There is no other plan on the table. And there's not going to be some grand bail out that's going to go through Congress. Other than my plan, if my plan would pass, I think it's the only one that politically could pass.
Over a billion dollars would be left in Detroit. I'm also talking about restoring voting rights. I'm talking about school choice. I think there's a lot to offer in the Republican message that hasn't been offered in the past. And I think there's only upside potential for voters in Detroit or all the big cities for Republicans.
New English Brewing Co. 11545 Sorrento Valley Road #305, Sorrento Valley
Prepkitchen La Jolla 7556 Fay Avenue, La Jolla
I remember it like it was yesterday, sitting on the tiny patio of the first Prepkitchen (7556 Fay Avenue, La Jolla), my calves burning, the soles of my feet a mess. Back then, I would run several miles a day, adding extra miles on days I dined at a restaurant for a writing assignment. Often, such visits include a degree of overeating as a means to taste as many dishes as possible. I later learned I suffer from severe plantar fasciitis, a painful condition that makes running close to impossible. Turns out, that was the cause of the intense pain I was experiencing that night. But despite all the burning and aching, I remember feeling very happy thanks to that La Jolla restaurant's warming and deliciously simple fare.
I think back to that meal often, especially when my plantar fasciitis flares up, which unfortunately is very often. It was the night I realized I'd have to give up running (my podiatrist has since seconded that). Even so, that bitter memory is rendered surprisingly sweet when I recall the plump chicken, tasty pasta, and porchetta that canceled out the horrific aftermath of my last jaunt. Quality like that has led to the Prepkitchen model to be successfully replicated in both Del Mar and Little Italy, and last week, the original location celebrated its fifth year in business. True to the eatery's from-scratch authenticity, its founders enlisted the services of a local brewery to craft a commemorative beer — Kitchen Sixer IPA.
Simon Lacey, owner and brewmaster at New English Brewing Company, volunteered to produce a crisp beer with pronounced aroma and a clean bitterness that would pair well with the five-year-old resto's hearty, homey fare. That vision equated to a sturdy 6.5% alcohol-by-volume India pale ale brewed with copious amounts of Golden Promise (remember that malt?) with subtle touches of Vienna, Carapils, and light Crystal malts. Nugget and Centennial hops boost the IBU (bitterness) level to a plenty-respectable 75, while Citra and Mosaic hops added during brewing and during fermentation bring on bright citrus scents. It's a special beer for a special restaurant's eclipsing of a special milestone that can currently also be experienced at Prepkitchen Little Italy and parent restaurant, Whisknladle.
You're not even welcome at my funeral.
That's the message the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association is asking rank-and-file cops to send to Mayor Bill de Blasio and Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, who the union has insisted are rolling out anti-cop policies and have not supported the police force.
“DON'T LET THEM INSULT YOUR SACRIFICE!,” a bold red message on the union's webpage reads. “Download and sign a request that Mayor de Blasio and City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito stay away from your funeral in the event that you are killed in the line of duty.”
The form itself, which allows an officer to fill in their name, gets more specific for the reason behind spurning the presence of the officials.
“Due to Mayor de Blasio and Speaker Mark-Viverito's consistent refusal to show police officers the support and respect they deserve, I believe that their attendance at the funeral of a fallen New York City police officer is an insult to that officer's memory and sacrifice,” the form reads.
A filled out version can be delivered to an officer's union delegate, the website advises.
Mayors and other top city officials routinely attend funerals for police killed in the line of duty, which are rare but somber occasions in New York City. Mr. de Blasio delivered remarks at the funeral of Dennis Guerra, a police officer killed in a fire set by a bored teen at a Brooklyn housing project, in April.
Mr. Lynch has been outspoken critic of Mr. de Blasio, particularly in the wake of the death of Eric Garner, an unarmed black man who died on Staten Island as a police officer tried to arrest him. Mr. Lynch has been a strong defender of the officer, Daniel Pantaleo, and said Mr. de Blasio's remarks about his son's interactions with police left officers “thrown under the bus” by the mayor.
The union leader and others have repeatedly slammed the mayor's police policies—part of Mr. de Blasio's efforts to bring police and community closer together—as endangering and insulting police. Ms. Mark-Viverito, meanwhile, has been openly critical of a grand jury's choice not to indict Mr. Pantaleo.
The mood does not seem to be getting less divisive: after weeks of protests in the city's streets against police officers—and two more set for this weekend in Washington and in New York—cops are now planning their own pro-police rally next week.
The PBA is also locked in a contentious contract negotiation with the city, which has moved on to binding arbitration. It was not one of the eight uniformed unions accepting a contract deal this week.
In a joint statement, spokesmen for Mr. de Blasio and Ms. Mark-Viverito called the petition “incendiary” and “deeply disappointing.”
“This is deeply disappointing. Incendiary rhetoric like this serves only to divide the city, and New Yorkers reject these tactics,” said Phil Walzak, a spokesman for Mr. de Blasio, and Eric Koch, a spokesman for Ms. Mark-Viverito. “The mayor and the speaker both know better than to think this inappropriate stunt represents the views of the majority of police officers and their families.”
Updated with comment from Mr. de Blasio and Ms. Mark-Viverito
See the form below:
In a move that stirred up emotions across campus, Haskell Indian Nations University on Thursday announced that it has suspended its football program for the 2015 season, citing a lack of funding as the main reason.
The initial announcement came early Thursday afternoon on the school's Facebook page for its athletics programs and included no explanation.
“Football suspended for the 2015 season…” read the post, which was eventually removed.
A few hours later, in a news release sent out from the president's office, Haskell officials detailed the reasons behind the decision, and Stephen Prue, executive assistant to the president, talked with the Journal-World about all that went into it.
“This isn't a decision that was arrived at easily,” Prue explained. “This has been something that previous (Haskell) presidents have looked at and we've come to that point, like a lot of small colleges, where the amount of money to put on a sport like football and be able to compete at a high level is more than we have available.”
Prue, a 2002 Haskell graduate himself, said Haskell President Venida Chenault takes the safety of the school's athletes very seriously and emphasized that the cost of maintaining a football program goes well beyond uniforms and road trips.
Haskell Stadium, which both Free State and Lawrence High used for years — and even made an offer to turf the field a little more than six years ago — is nearly 100 years old and in drastic need of upgrades.
“We have to be very realistic about the football program,” Prue said. “Our president has great concern about the equipment and the safety of the players and the training table and all the things that go into fielding a highly competitive program.”
For now, Haskell officials determined that's just not possible. However, that does not mean it will remain impossible in the future. At this time, the suspension of the program is for the 2015 season only, and Prue said he hoped that those who might be hurting today but have pride in the rich history of Haskell football will step up to help keep the program alive.
Three of those people, all current Haskell football players, made themselves known Thursday afternoon through a visit to Prue's office.
“We feel so bad for our student-athletes,” said Prue, referencing last season's 61-man Haskell football roster. “There's just never a good time to come to a decision like this. But I was really appreciative of those young men because they were respectful. You know they're upset, you know they're hurting inside, but they stepped up and said we want to do something.”
With the university currently searching to fill its vacant athletic director's office, plus funding issues, both in athletics and academics, continuing to pose challenges year after year, Prue said school officials remained hopeful but realistic about the future and the need for help.
“I'm sure we've got students and parents that are upset,” Prue said. “But one thing we'd encourage folks who love athletics here at Haskell to do is make a donation to the (Haskell) Foundation. That's something people can do that's both positive and can have a significant impact on our athletic department.”
Given the current landscape, he admitted that envisioning football returning to Haskell without the help of some kind of third-party funding seemed far-fetched.
Because federal funding allows Haskell to not charge tuition, the school does not give out athletic scholarships. Student-athletes do sign letters of intent, but they're not filed under the same rules as the NCAA. Because of that, Prue said any current Haskell football players who would like to transfer to another school would receive help in the form of support and letters of recommendation.
Those members of the team who were still on campus for summer school were told about the school's decision at a meeting in the auditorium on Thursday.
“We wanted to tell people to their face,” said Prue, adding that Haskell football coach Rich Brewer left the program a couple of weeks ago to pursue what he called “a career move.”
Those players who could not attend the meeting, received the news via email, from friends on the team or social media, which revealed just how outraged several members of the current team and their families were.
“What a joke,” wrote one current Haskell football player on Twitter. “I've put in three years of non-stop hard work for nothing.”
Haskell has compiled a record of just 3-35 during the past four seasons, but there was no indication whatsoever that performance on the field had anything to do with Thursday's decision.
“I'm sure some people feel like this is a dark day,” Prue said. “But we want to make a positive out of this. It's a pretty tall hill we'll have to climb, but native people are resilient and always have been in the past.”
Haskell will conduct a review of nine other athletic programs and said in the news release Thursday that it expects to support only six.
The self-driving car revolution is about to shift into overdrive. The signs are everywhere. Just look in the back lots of South Boston's tech corridor, on the streets of Pittsburgh, in the prefab test facilities at the University of Michigan's Mcity, and throughout a smattering of open highways.
Car companies are joining with tech giants like Google, Uber, and prominent start-ups to develop next-generation autonomous vehicles that will alter our roads and throughways and lay the groundwork for future smart cities. They're harnessing technological advances such as machine learning, Internet of Things (IoT), and the cloud to accelerate development.
More significantly, autonomous vehicles will advance the industry disruption set in motion by popular ride-sharing services like Uber and Lyft. The pieces are coming together to create a world where intelligent, driverless vehicles become the future of transportation.
“Autonomous vehicles will help bring the city back to what it was—for people,” says Ryan Chin, co-founder of Optimus Ride, a Boston-based startup working on self-driving technologies. As autonomous vehicles gain traction, Chin envisions an opportunity to remake the city landscape by consolidating parking, reclaiming land for parks, reducing urban congestion and traffic, and promoting overall highway safety. “Autonomous vehicles will play a big role in delivering a much safer environment because they follow the rules of the road,” he says.
Founders of Optimus Ride, a Boston-based startup for self-driving technologies.
There is a deep correlation between wealth and mobility access, and we want to change that by providing autonomy and shared transportation. Ryan Chin, co-founder of Optimus Ride
While much of the early hoopla has focused on the still-formative vision of fully autonomous vehicles (those that attain Level 5 as defined by the Society of Automotive Engineers), there are different levels of self-driving capabilities. Some Level 1 features such as adaptive cruise control, automatic emergency braking, automated parking, and active lane control are already mainstream features in current vehicle models. Luxury brands including Volvo, BMW, and Mercedes-Benz have begun to showcase Level 2 features such as automated steering and speed control for short periods of time. Level 3 cars (still in testing) will require some driver intervention. Level 4 will be fully autonomous but can still be driven by humans, and Level 5 vehicles will be designed to take the driver completely out of the picture.
Eventually, all self-driving cars will employ some combination of sensors, cameras, radar, high-performance GPS, Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR), artificial intelligence (AI), and machine learning to achieve their respective levels of autonomy. Connectivity to secure and scalable IoT, data management, and cloud solutions are also important to the mix, providing a resilient and high-performance foundation on which to collect, manage, and analyze voluminous sensor data.
Societal Implications
While the era of the connected car is still in its infancy, there is widespread optimism that it's the wave of the future. Gartner projects that 250 million connected vehicles will hit the road worldwide by 2020. Moreover, the World Economic Forum anticipates driverless vehicles will generate $1 trillion in “economic benefit to consumers and society” over the next 10 years, and autonomous driving features will help prevent 9 percent of accidents by 2025 with the potential to save 900,000 lives in the next 10 years. By 2040, autonomous vehicles are expected to comprise around 25 percent of the global market.
The rise of the connected vehicle has far-reaching societal implications, from environmental benefits to improved safety. Fewer cars on the road means a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, leading to better air quality and lower energy consumption. Beyond sustainability advantages, self-driving cars are poised to open up a whole new economic chapter in what Intel and research firm Strategy Analytics are calling the Passenger Economy. In their economic vision of the trend, valued at $7 trillion in revenue by 2050, drivers will become idle passengers and thus potential consumers of new goods and services such as onboard beauty salons, health-care treatment pods, and multimedia content primed for on-the-go consumption.
Autonomous operation will also change the public's relationship with cars, as vehicle ownership takes a back seat to Mobility as a Service (MaaS), where individuals make use of self-driving cars on demand much like any other utility service. The Intel/Strategy Analytics report estimates that business use of MaaS could generate $3 trillion in revenue by 2040 and consumer use could account for $3.7 trillion in the same time frame.
Software will be the key enabler of autonomous vehicles, allowing for instantaneous new-feature updates, but also serving as the mechanism for personalizing the experience and programming the vehicle's performance. For example, families could configure a self-driving car to do continuous pick up and drop off, shuttling mom off to work and carting kids to school and soccer. With this scenario, MIT estimates autonomous vehicles could meet society's personal transport needs with 80 percent fewer vehicles in transit.
There are also significant ramifications for safety and traffic concerns, with experts predicting far fewer accidents. Self-driving cars are projected to save 585,000 lives between 2035 to 2045, according to the Passenger Economy research. They are also expected to slash public safety costs related to traffic accidents by more than $234 billion in the same period. At the same time, autonomous vehicles should free up more than 250 million hours of commuting time annually for consumers, especially those living in congested cities.
As more autonomous vehicles hit the streets, city planners will accelerate plans to modernize highways and thoroughfares with smart technology for road signs, traffic lights, and merge lanes—all in an effort to reduce congestion and increase public safety. “For decades, we thought we'd get to smart highways by making highways smart, but there's been a huge chicken-and-egg problem,” says David Tennenhouse, chief research officer for VMware. “With autonomous vehicles that can navigate existing infrastructure and talk to each other as they do [through vehicle-to-vehicle communications], we can get more efficiency out of roads. Then we will ultimately have smart infrastructure to go with the smart vehicles, but this gets everything started.”
David Tennenhouse, chief research officer, VMware
Technology Enablers
For both the self-driving cars and the smart roadway systems, endpoint telemetry, smart software, and cloud are essential enablers. The onboard cameras and sensors on an autonomous vehicle collect vast amounts of data, which must be processed in real time to keep the vehicle in the right lane and operating safely as it heads to its destination. There's a lot of local data processing that has to occur in real time, including the computations necessary to keep the car in its lane. At the same time, there are processing tasks that can happen remotely in the cloud, such as software updates and upgrading learning models. A scalable, highly-resilient cloud-based infrastructure is critical for handling this type of large-scale data processing, while cloud-based data management systems and intelligent agents take charge of aggregating and analyzing the real-time telemetric data—for example, vehicle speed and surrounding car proximity--to initiate actions like braking or switching lanes.
Cloud-based networking and connectivity is another important part of the mix. Autonomous vehicles will be outfitted with onboard systems that support machine-to-machine communications, allowing them to learn from other vehicles on the road to make adjustments that account for weather changes and shifting road conditions such as detours and in-path debris. Advanced algorithms, AI, and deep learning systems are central to ensuring that self-driving cars can quickly and automatically adapt to changing scenarios.
Beyond the specific components, scalability of cloud computing infrastructure along with intelligent data management and transmission capabilities are indispensable for ensuring all of the right information is processed properly and securely. This is especially true for destination and address data, which could be considered personally identifiable information. For example, built-in intelligence could determine if data storage and analysis happens in the cloud or onboard the vehicle in the event that the travel path crosses regions with sub-par network connectivity.
“These are data center problems,” says Tennenhouse. “The scale of the problem plays into the need for infrastructure and data management and for securing and managing the flow of data. That's where VMware can truly add value.”
Cruising with Optimus Ride
Back in Boston, Optimus Ride is hard at work on full Level 4 autonomy, not for a specific vehicle it is developing but as a mobility-on-demand system that supports electric vehicle fleets. Beyond safety and sustainability, the mantra behind Optimus Ride's still stealth-mode autonomous vehicle development is what it dubs “equitable mobility,” according to Chin. “There is a deep correlation between wealth and mobility access, and we want to change that by providing autonomy and shared transportation,” says Chin. “If you can deliver mobility access, you provide both economic and societal benefits for everyone. We want to democratize mobility for the masses.”
The MIT Media Lab spin-off is working on a full-stack solution that encompasses hardware, software, and deep machine learning capabilities, among other technologies. The idea is to offer up its stack as a white-label solution to companies interested in delivering on-demand mobility services (think taxis or ride-sharing offerings) to meet society's changing transportation needs, according to Chin. Target customers could be cities, public transit systems, rental car companies, ride-sharing services, or even big corporations that want to provide mobility capabilities for employees, he explains.
In addition to regulatory challenges, companies in the autonomous vehicle space are grappling with a range of technical problems, including the need to create the infrastructure to handle the vast amounts of data and process it at scale. “Data velocity is a key challenge everyone has,” says Chin. “When you have a fleet of thousands of vehicles, getting good data and being able to process it through simulation is really key.”
While this spate of advanced technologies is providing an on-ramp to autonomous vehicle development, Chin, Tennenhouse, and other experts admit it will be a while before the self-driving revolution forever alters the transportation landscape. “The final frontier for autonomy is urban driving under extreme weather conditions, and that's going to take some time,” says Chin.
Advertisement
Emails can be dangerous. Reading the contents of an email should be safe if you have the latest security patches, but email attachments can be harmful. Any type of file can be attached to an email, including .exe program files. Many email servers will perform virus scanning and remove potentially dangerous attachments, but you can't rely on this. Look for the common warning signs so you can avoid viruses, worms, and Trojans What Is The Difference Between A Worm, A Trojan & A Virus? [MakeUseOf Explains] What Is The Difference Between A Worm, A Trojan & A Virus? [MakeUseOf Explains] Some people call any type of malicious software a "computer virus," but that isn't accurate. Viruses, worms, and trojans are different types of malicious software with different behaviors. In particular, they spread themselves in very... Read More .
So-called “spear-phishing campaigns” that go after high-value corporate and government targets have used email attachments to take advantage of previously unknown security vulnerabilities. Email attachments can be dangerous to anyone.
Dangerous File Extensions
The easiest way to identify whether a file is dangerous is by its file extension, which tells you the type of file it is. For example, a file with the .exe file extension is a Windows program and should not be opened. Many email services will block such attachments 4 Ways To Email Attachments When The File Extension Is Blocked 4 Ways To Email Attachments When The File Extension Is Blocked Read More .
However, .exe isn't the only type of dangerous file extension. Other potentially dangerous file extensions that can run code include: .msi, .bat, .com, .cmd, .hta, .scr, .pif, .reg, .js, .vbs, .wsf, .cpl, .jar and more. This is not an exhaustive list — there are many different file extensions in Windows that will run code on your computer when executed.
Office files with macros are also potentially dangerous. If an Office document extension ends with an m, it can — and probably does — contain macros. For example, .docx, .xlsx, and .pptx should be safe, while .docm, .xlsm, and .pptm can contain macros and can be harmful. Of course, some businesses use macro-enabled documents. You'll have to exercise your own judgment.
In general, you should only open files with attachments that you know are safe. For example, .jpg and .png are image files and should be safe. .pdf, .docx, .xlsx, and .pptx are document files and should also be safe — although it's important to have the latest security patches Why Do Apps Nag Me to Update & Should I Listen? [Windows] Why Do Apps Nag Me to Update & Should I Listen? [Windows] Software update notifications seem like a constant companion on every computer. Every app wants to update regularly, and they nag us with notifications until we give in and update. These notifications can be inconvenient, especially... Read More so malicious types of these files can't infect you via security holes in Adobe Reader or Microsoft Office.
Archives, Especially Encrypted Ones
In an attempt to make it around email filters, someone may email you malicious file attachments in an archive — especially an encrypted one. For example, you may receive an email with a .zip, .rar, or .7z file and its password. You'd need to download the archive file and extract its contents with the password to access them.
The password-protection — or encryption — on the archive prevents email scanners and antivirus programs from examining it, so it's very possible that the archive could contain malware. Of course, password-protected archives are also an effective way to email sensitive files The 5 Best Ways To Easily & Quickly Encrypt Files Before Emailing Them [Windows] The 5 Best Ways To Easily & Quickly Encrypt Files Before Emailing Them [Windows] Earlier this year, I was faced with a situation where I had a writer working for me overseas in China, where we were both certain that all of our email communications were being monitored. I... Read More . You'll have to use your judgment once again.
The Sender
Looking at whom an email was sent by can help you identify whether an email attachment is malicious or not. Beware: an attachment can be malicious even if you know the sender! If they've become infected, a malware program may send you emails from their email address, disguised as emails they'd send.
If you get an email from someone you don't know with a questionable-looking attachment, it's probably malware. If you receive a macro-enabled Office document from someone you're not expecting one from, exercise extreme caution.
On the other hand, if your boss tells you in person that she'll email you a macro-enabled Excel spreadsheet and you get an email from her with an .xlsm file later that day, the attachment is probably safe.
If you're not sure whether someone sent you a suspicious-looking email attachment, you may want to give them a phone call or ask them in person. If they didn't send the attachment, they'll appreciate the warning that their computer is infected or their email address has been hijacked.
The Email Itself
The email's contents can also offer clues. If you get an email from someone you know and something seems a bit off, it may be written by malware or a hijacker. Such emails could also be phishing emails without any dangerous attachments — for example, if you get an email from someone you know saying they're trapped and need you to wire some money with Western Union How I Nearly Got Conned Via A Western Union Transfer Scam How I Nearly Got Conned Via A Western Union Transfer Scam Here's a little story about the latest "Nigerian scam", which is all too obvious in hindsight and yet so believable when you're on the hook. Read More , this could easily be a phishing scam What Exactly Is Phishing & What Techniques Are Scammers Using? What Exactly Is Phishing & What Techniques Are Scammers Using? I've never been a fan of fishing, myself. This is mostly because of an early expedition where my cousin managed to catch two fish while I caught zip. Similar to real-life fishing, phishing scams aren't... Read More .
If you get an email from FedEx or UPS and it asks you to download an email attachment and run it, that's another red flag. Legitimate businesses will never ask you to download and run programs attached to an email.
Antivirus Alerts
If you're using a webmail service like Gmail, Outlook.com, or Yahoo! Mail, your webmail service will automatically scan incoming attachments for malware and inform you if the attachments are dangerous. Of course, if you see a warning that an attachment is malicious, you should not download it! The text of the email may ask you to ignore any problems and assure you that the attachment is actually fine, but this would likely be a trick.
If you download an email attachment and your desktop antivirus program Free Anti-Virus Comparison: 5 Popular Choices Go Toe-To-Toe Free Anti-Virus Comparison: 5 Popular Choices Go Toe-To-Toe What is the best free antivirus? This is among the most common questions we receive at MakeUseOf. People want to be protected, but they don't want to have to pay a yearly fee or use... Read More flags it, stop right there. Don't click through the warning and run it anyway — trust your antivirus program more than the email attachment.
Bear in mind that antivirus programs aren't perfect. They'll miss things occasionally, so you can't only rely on your antivirus. An attachment could be dangerous even if no antivirus flags it.
Have a Healthy Suspicion
When it comes to email attachments, you should exercise extreme caution and assume the worst. Don't actually download or run an attachment unless you have a good reason to do so. If you're not expecting an attachment, treat it with healthy suspicion. If it's an image attachment, that's probably okay. PDFs should be okay if you have the latest security patches, too. But if you're not sure what something is, you shouldn't run it.
Your webmail client's preview features can also help. You can preview PDF files, documents, images, and other types of files in your browser without actually downloading them to your computer.
Do you have any other tips for dodging dangerous email attachments? Leave a comment below!
Image Credit: Mark on Flickr
They had called Juan Manuel Fangio the “Old Man” for quite some time and never was Fangio more aware of the difference in his age and that of the other drivers as when they headed into the 1957 Monaco Grand Prix. Three days before, in the Mille Miglia, Alfonso Portago and Edmond Nelson and nine spectators had been killed in a horrific racing tragedy. Looking through the field Fangio saw that some of his fellow drivers were more than a generation younger than himself. This was a fact that he would speak of in later years commenting “They called me the Old Man and I suppose I was …they could have been my sons but they did not have the experience in racing I had.”
So as the day dawned bright and clear, the tragedy of the Mille Miglia cast a heavy shadow over the field. The teams made their way to the pits and made ready their magnificent machines as the day began. As race time drew closer, people filled the stands, balconies, and boats that surrounded the famed circuit, filling it with a vibration that was tangible in the air.
The race started slowly, Moss started off in the lead on the first lap, with Peter Collins, Mike Hawthorn, and Fangio behind him. On lap four, chaos ensued when Moss shot straight through the chicane when he braked too late and hit the barrier, sending debris flying over the circuit and into the oncoming traffic. Collins couldn't brake fast enough and plowed into the barriers alongside Moss. Tony Brooks braked hard and was hit squarely in the back by Hawthorn's Ferrari, furthering the wide spread of mechanical carnage as it slammed into the wreckage of Collins's car. Fangio, utilizing his vast amount of racing experience, had wisely given himself more room and was able to slow and weave his way cautiously through the chaos to open track.
Brooks, who was the only one involved in the wreck able to continue, charged after Fangio. Wolfgang Von Trips was also in the mix, chasing both Fangio and Brooks like a man possessed. On lap 96 , with only nine laps to go, Von Trips engine blew and Jack Brabham, who had been racing after Von Trips inherited the place. The moment was short lived, however, as Brabham's Cooper also lost its engine. Fangio and Brooks continued to battle at the front, the chaos behind them having little effect on their push for glory.
The end of the race found Fangio unstoppable and the legend took the checkered flag in the most famous race in Formula 1 with a flourish. The race had started with chaos that led to carnage that led to one of the great battles in Formula 1. As Fangio took the victory, any question of his age was answered and the Master stood where he belonged, on top of the podium.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @tfaby3. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport and @LWOSworld– and “liking” our Facebook page.
Interested in writing for LWOS? We are looking for enthusiastic, talented writers to join our Formula 1 writing team. Visit our “Write for Us” page for very easy details in how you can get started today!
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for? GO!
What if I were 1% charged?
In case you hadn't heard, the universe is governed by four fundamental forces. But when it comes to understanding nature at almost any level larger than a nucleus and smaller than a planet, only one of them really matters: the Coulomb interaction.
The Coulomb interaction — the pushing and pulling force between electric charges — is almost incomprehensibly strong. One common way to express this strength is by considering the forces that exist between two electrons. Two electrons in an otherwise empty space will feel pulled together by their mutual gravitational attraction and pushed apart by the Coulomb repulsion. The Coulomb repulsion, however, is stronger than gravity by 4,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 times. (For two protons, this ratio is a more pedestrian times.)
When I was a TA, I enjoyed demonstrating this point in the following way. Take a balloon, and rub it against the top of your head until your hair starts to stand on end. Then stick the balloon to the ceiling, where it stays without falling due to static electricity. Now consider the forces acting on the balloon. Pulling up on the balloon are electric forces between the relatively few electrons I just rubbed off from my hair and the opposite charge that they induce in the ceiling. Pulling down on the balloon are gravitational forces coming from the pull of the entire mass of the Earth. Apparently the electric force created by those few (something like ) electrons is more than enough to counterbalance the gravitational pull coming from every proton, neutron and electron in the planet below it (something like ).
So electric forces are strong. Why is it, then, that we can go about our daily lives without worrying about them buffeting us back and forth?
The short answer is that they do buffet us back and forth. Pretty much any time you feel yourself being pushed or pulled by something (say, the ground beneath your feet or the muscles tied to your skeleton), the electric repulsion between microscopic charges is ultimately to blame.
But a better answer is that the very strength of electric forces is responsible for their seeming quietude. Electric forces are so tremendously strong that nature will not abide having a large amount of electric charge collect in one place. And so electric forces, at the scale of people-sized objects, are largely neutralized.
But what if they weren't?
When I was a TA I got to walk my students through the following morbid little problem, which helped them see why it is that electric forces don't really appear on the human scale. Perhaps you will enjoy it. Like most good physics problems, it is thoroughly contrived and, for a new student of physics, at least, its message is completely memorable.
The problem goes like this:
What would happen if your body suddenly lost 1% of its electrons?
Now, 1% may not sound like a big deal. After all, there is almost no reason for excitement or concern when you lose 1% of your total mass. But losing 1% of your electrons, without at the same time losing an equal number of protons, means that suddenly, within your body, there is an enormous amount of positive, unneutralized electric charge. And nature will not abide its strongest force being so unrequited.
I'll use my own body as an example. My body has a mass of about 80 kg, which means that it contains something like protons, and an almost exactly equal number of electrons. Losing 1% of those electrons would mean that my body acquires an electric charge of electron charges, or about Coulombs.
Now, 4 billion 40 million Coulombs is a silly amount of charge. It is about 3 million times more than what gets discharged by a lightning bolt, for example. So, in some sense, losing 1% of your electrons would be like getting hit by 3 million lightning bolts at the same time.
Things get even more dramatic if you start to think about the forces involved.
Suppose, for example, that in their rush to escape my body, those 40 million Coulombs split in half and flowed to opposite extremities. Say, each hand suddenly acquired a charge of 20 million Coulombs. The force between those two hands (spread apart, about 6 meters feet) would be Newtons, which translates to about pounds. Needless to say, my body would not retain its structural integrity.
Of course, in addition to the forces pushing the extremities of my body apart, there would also be a force similar in magnitude pulling me toward the ground. You may recall that when an electric charge is next to a grounded surface (like, say, the ground) it induces some opposite charge on that surface in a way that acts like an “image charge” of opposite sign. In my case, the earth would accumulate a huge amount of negative charge around my feet so as to create a force like that of an “image me.”
Because of my 40 million Coulombs, the force between myself and my “image self” would be something like tons. To give that some perspective, consider that tons is just a bit smaller than the weight of the entire planet earth. So the force pulling me toward the earth would be something like the force of a collision between the earth and the planet Mars.
But my hypercharged self would not only crush the earth. It would also break open the vacuum itself. At the instant of losing those 1% of electrons, the electric potential at the edge of my body would be about 40 exavolts. This is much larger than the voltage required to rip apart the vacuum and create electron-positron pairs. So my erstwhile body would be the locus of a vacuum instability, in which electrons were sucked in while positrons were blasted out.
In short, if I lost 1% of my electrons, I would not be a person anymore. I would be a bomb. A Coulomb bomb, if you will, with an energy equivalent to that of ten billion (modern) atomic bombs. Which would surely destroy the planet. All by removing just 1 out of every 100 of my electrons.
The moral of this story, of course, is that nothing of observable size will ever get 1% charged. The Coulomb interaction cannot be thus toyed with. All chemistry and biology function by the interactions between just a few charges at a time, and their effects are plenty strong as they are.
Footnote
As a PhD student, I worked on all sorts of problems that involved the Coulomb interaction, and occasionally my proposed solution would be very wrong. The worst kind of wrong was the one that made my advisor remark “What you just created is a Coulomb bomb,” which meant that I had proposed something that wasn't neutral on the large scale.
It's one thing to feel like you just solved a problem incorrectly. Its another to feel like your proposed solution would destroy the planet.
UPDATE: G&L reader Indumathi has pointed out a numerical error in a previous version of this post, and a bunch of the numbers (and the planet I used for comparison) have been updated.
TURKMEN MOUNTAIN, Syria / MOSCOW
Fifteen pro-regime military officials -- including four Russian generals -- have been killed by opposition forces in northwestern Syria near the border with Turkey, Syrian opposition sources said Wednesday.
According to the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, the slain military officials included four Russian generals and four Syrian generals who had met late Tuesday in Turkmen Mountain -- located in Syria's northern Latakia region -- to discuss recent military developments.
One of the slain Russian generals, identified only as "Yuri", was reportedly coordinating regime attacks in Turkmen Mountain, the sources added.
In a statement issued later in the day, the Russian Defense Ministry confirmed death of one Russian officer in Syria but did not mention his name or rank.
The statement said the officer was in Syria for "military consultancy on use of weapons" and was killed on Feb. 1 during an attack on a military post that belongs to the Syrian regime.
The statement blamed the attack on Daesh.
Predominantly Turkmen areas of northwestern Syria have been under attack by regime forces -- backed by Russian air power -- since November of last year.
Recent attacks in these areas have displaced thousands of Turkmen, a Turkic ethnic group concentrated mainly in Syria and Iraq, prompting many to seek refuge in southern Turkey.
Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates Sally Caroline YatesFrom border to Mueller, Barr faces challenges as attorney general Hillicon Valley: House Intel panel will release Russia interviews | T-Mobile, Sprint step up merger push | DHS cyber office hosting webinars on China | Nest warns customers to shore up password security House Intel panel votes to release Russia interview transcripts to Mueller MORE and former U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara Preetinder (Preet) Singh BhararaDemands grow for a public Mueller report Bharara: It would seem 'odd and unusual' if Mueller report isn't made public It's crazy to not ask difficult questions about NATO MORE said Wednesday that it will be difficult for special counsel Robert Mueller Robert Swan MuellerSasse: US should applaud choice of Mueller to lead Russia probe MORE to prove criminal conduct in his probe into possible coordination between the President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's campaign and Russia.
“I know a lot of people are sort of putting all their hopes into Bob Mueller. And I've got tremendous confidence in Bob Mueller,” Yates said in a joint interview with Bharara at Vanity Fair's New Establishment Summit in New York, according to The Wall Street Journal.
“But the fact of the matter is, he's going to determine whether there's proof beyond a reasonable doubt that felonies were committed, that crimes were committed that can be used for prosecution or impeachment," she added.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bharara emphasized that Mueller's investigation is intended to "find out the truth and apply the law and facts fairly" and said that he could ultimately decide against bringing a case.
“He may not decide that there is an offense to be charged or referred to the House of Representatives for impeachment. And I'll respect that. And I think people who are on one side of the fence should respect that also,” he said, according to the Journal.
Mueller is conducting the criminal investigation into Russia's efforts to meddle in the 2016 presidential election, as well as possible collusion between associates of Trump and Russia.
Yates was fired by Trump in January after she said the Justice Department would not defend the president's first travel ban in court. That executive order barred citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. for 90 days.
Bharara was fired in March after declining to resign when the Trump administration requested that remaining Obama-era U.S. attorneys step down from their posts. He said that Trump had asked him during the presidential transition to stay on.
has just what we need. Say hello to the Hate Winter Trio!
has been released as of yesterday January 6th and is now available for purchase. Each bottle retails for $10.00 each and the full-size trio retails for $25.00. There are plenty more purchasing options, so I'll have that at the end of this post.
Turtle Tootsie Polishes - Sub Zero Chill
Turtle Tootsie Polishes - Winter Blues
Turtle Tootsie Polishes - Blizzard Blahs
has been released as of yesterday January 6th and is now available for purchase. Each bottle retails for $10.00 each and the full-size trio retails for $25.00. You have the option of adding on the anniversary polish for an additional $5.00 in full-size. The mini trio retails for $15.00 or $18.00 if you decide to add-on a mini anniversary to the combo. Individually each polish can be purchased in mini-size for $6.00. Lots and lots of purchasing options for all our budgets, love this about
Hiya guys! How's it going today? I don't know how it's been for you guys, but winter in Jersey has been nonexistent. Up till last week we've had weather in the 60s. Now this is the kind of winter I could get used to. Don't get me wrong, I love me some snow but Christmas is over so I'm over it haha. Luckily for those of us who are over the season Turtle Tootsie Polishes Theby Turtle Tootsie Polishes can be described as a light blue scattered holo polish with holo silver glitter polish. Unfortunately I'm not a fan of intense shimmer polishes like this one, so it did nothing for me personally. I do have to note though I really like the silver glitters in it, they have a beautiful nice holo reflection. The formula is on the sheer and thin side, so it needs a bit of layering for an opaque finish. The best way to apply this polish is to use the sponging technique. I think I will definitely try to sponge less next time because the glitter in this polish tends to clump. Shown here are two coats sponged over a white undie and sealed with a glossy topcoat.can be described as a linear holographic blue polish. This is without a doubt the star of the trio for me. My photos are taken indoors, but rest assured the holo in this beauty is really strong. The formula is really great, but has a sheer first coat. It builds up really smoothly, giving you a rich opaque finish easily. Shown here are two coats sealed with a glossy topcoat.can be described as a white shimmer polish. Initially I wasn't sure how I was going to feel about this polish, but it definitely won me over in the end. Shimmers are a love and hate relationship with me as you can probably tell, haha. The formula has a really sheer consistency, but it ends up evening out on the nail. I do feel this would best be suited worn over a solid base color, but it does become opaque within a few layers on its own. Shown here are three coats on its own and sealed with a glossy topcoat.Along with the release, Chrissy also released a special limited edition polish for her cancer-free anniversary! Here are 4 Years & Counting!can be described as a a muted pink, almost plum-purple, scattered holographic polish. Words cannot express how much I adore this polish! It's absolutely gorgeous and has just the right amount of subtle holo. Formula and consistency have a great balance, not too thick or too thin. It's really opaque, impressively so. I felt like it almost didn't need the second coat. Shown here are two coats and sealed with a glossy topcoat.To celebrate being a 4-year cancer survivor, you can purchase the '4 Year Survivor' pink limited edition color at a discount with this listing. While supplies last. I'll have the pricing options at the very end of the post!Overall I think this is a really great trio, especially for those who love shimmers! Turtle Tootsie Polishes never disappoints when it comes to holos for me personally, so I definitely recommendhands down. So tell me guys, which one is your favorite?Theby Turtle Tootsie Polishes Turtle Tootsie Polishes.
HE IS probably Bangladesh's most celebrated citizen. Muhammad Yunus, winner of the 2006 Nobel peace prize, founded Grameen Bank in 1983 to provide tiny loans to poor rural women. Grameen became a global model for microfinance. It also spawned 48 other firms in sectors that stretch from textiles to mobile phones. Yet the Bangladeshi government seems determined to take Mr Yunus down a peg.
In May 2011 the government pushed him out of his job as boss of Grameen Bank, saying that he was past the retirement age for someone running a government bank. (Grameen Bank mostly belongs to its borrowers but the state owns a slice.) Mr Yunus says this is just a pretext for a power grab. The government now wants to assert more control over other firms in the Grameen network, which includes assets worth an estimated $1.6 billion.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
This is controversial, to put it mildly, not least because some Grameen firms have big foreign partners. Grameenphone, Bangladesh's largest telecoms provider, was created with Norway's Telenor and generates sales of nearly $1 billion a year. Grameen Danone Foods, a yogurt-maker, and Grameen-Veolia, a water company, are joint ventures with French giants. BASF Grameen, which makes mosquito nets, and Grameen Intel, which creates software for poor farmers, also have foreign backers.
The government says that Grameen Bank owns or part-owns all these firms, and that its stakes partly belong to the government itself. Mr Yunus's aides say the members of the Grameen family are all independent entities with no legal ties to each other.
The government will have none of this. Officials are furiously trying to unearth evidence that Mr Yunus in fact controls them. A lawyer for Bangladesh's central bank, a state body, reasons that since Grameen Bank is a “state authority” and Mr Yunus was a “public officer”, all companies created with the help of the bank's finances, its people or even its goodwill are in effect state resources.
The government is calling for the Grameen empire to be brought together “under a single structure”. Bangladeshi businessfolk are horrified. If a Nobel prize is no defence against expropriation, that doesn't bode well for the security of property rights in Bangladesh.
Grameen's foreign partners are keeping quiet, for now. A spokesman for Telenor Group, in an e-mail, says that the firm expects that its relationship with Grameen Telecom “will continue based on professionalism, openness and in the best interest of Grameenphone.” Eric Lesueur of Grameen-Veolia says he believes that the new management of Grameen Bank “will respect the growth plans and strategies developed with Professor Yunus.”
Several foreign firms own majority stakes in their Grameen-branded joint ventures, often large ones. Telenor owns 56% of Grameenphone, Veolia raised its stake in Grameen-Veolia to 70% last year and BASF owns 99.5% of its joint venture. The government wouldn't be so foolish as to grab their assets. Would it?
An absolute milestone of Braindancing electronica, Rephlex CAT039 by the Italian duo D'Arcangelo is finally made available again via Suction Records. Arriving roughly two decades since its original release via Aphex Twin & Grant Wilson-Claridge's Rephlex imprint and freshly remastered, this one of a kind mix of industrial sub destruction and gliding electro-sonics still sounds as otherworldly and dynamically futuristic as it did when we first heard it all those years ago.
Revisiting the self-titled EP today it's striking how the near-perfect split of the track sequence in many ways reflects the different sides of its original imprint's roster Rephlex. From the A's marching into madness gabba-leaning speaker shredder 'Somewhere In Time', through the overdrive musique concrète crunch of 'Ro-hn' and into the skanking quasi-hip-hop of 'Skrakt' there lies the DNA of the more hardcore-leaning end of the Rephlex crew, from The Bug's dreadest dubs, Soundmurderer & SK-1's Rephlex Rewind junglizm and through to the the feedback drenched noise flex of Smojphace.
On the B, D'Arcangelo turn to their more melodic side with a track that is so eternally classic that we'd say it's no doubt made this one of the year's truly great reissues, and needless to say the idea of having a freshly mastered and cut vinyl of is gonna make many of you salivate with excitement; Diagram XI and its variations the (Milk mix) and Braindance Coincidence classic (80 mixes). A dazzling flutter of digital rain and sharp cornered electro that still after twenty odd years still sounds quite unlike anything else before or since (though many have tried to imitate!).
D'Arcangelo EP is a timely reminder of why we and so many others swooned for this sound in the first place. Hats off to Suction for making this reissue such a beautifully packaged and presented artefact, one that perfectly represents a truly important sound, scene and time within underground electronic music.
The BC election is getting really nasty with the BC Liberals doing everything they can to prove that the BC NDP election platform is built on sand. Last week they came out with their own costing that said it had a $6.5B crater. After the media and non-partisan experts laughed that out of town, the BC Liberals next tactic was to hire Peter Devries and Scott Clark, former bureaucrats from the Department of Finance in Ottawa and current economic consultants, to blow the platform apart. Their report has been made public today and I am infuriated. So infuriated that I am not following doctor's orders of being off the computer and instead writing this for the good voters of British Columbia. What part of reading is so friggin' hard for the BC Liberals, their team, and their consultants?
Don't get me wrong, I've got a lot of respect for Devries and Clark. I worked with them in Ottawa at Finance, I run into them at conferences frequently of late, and read their musings in the opeds. Don't get me wrong, I am not a BC NDP supporter. I have lots of problems with their platform (see below and here) and there is a lot of room for criticism. But there is no reason to just make shit up. And that is what the BC Liberals did and what this new report also has done. Here is the report to read for yourself.
First, the economic consultants assume that the BC NDP will phase out the Medical Services Premium (MSP) within four years. The economic consultants then book $437M in 17/18, $875M in 18/19, and $1312M in 19/20. The NDP do NOT make this commitment. I mean read their platform. The NDP have committed to the same 50% reduction as the BC Liberals which is costed in their plan. Then over the three year period a
“non-partisan MSP Elimination Panel will advise how to protect health care funding while phasing out this unfair flat tax. The panel will be required to ensure low and middle-income families will come out ahead.”
So in year four, in year 2020/2021, one year beyond the platform period we will most likely have something like (this is my expert opinion based on my knowledge of the file) a revenue neutral shift away from the MSP premium into a progressive system similar to that which exists in every other province in Canada. There is NOTHING to cost, there is no CRATER, there is nothing to BOOK.
Second, the economists assume that the BC Hydro and ICBC freezes will be for four years as well. Huh? Where did they get that from? Not from the BC NDP plan for sure. There is nothing in the plan about that. What is in the plan? A plan for a plan. Nothing more. The plan is to pause all rate increases while they conduct a
“comprehensive operating review to look for inefficiencies, fiscal mismanagement, and cost savings that don't impact services. Every dollar saved will be used to keep rates and fees down. We need to see the books to understand the full scale of Christy Clark's mismanagement.”
Look, does this lack some transparency? Sure, but they are not in government. There is a lot of concern about rate increases. I mean, look at what is going on in Ontario. There is a lot of concern about the 50 year Independent Power Producer (IPP) contracts that BC Hydro has signed that total ($53B) more than half ($101B) of the off the books ‘debt', sorry contractual obligations, that is hanging over the head of future generations. And whether or not the full cost of the one year freezes can cover through administrative savings, as the BC NDP platform indicates, is questionable, but to suggest that some of it can't be is ludicrous and to say it is a four year commitment is reprehensible. If it is a four year freeze then the BC NDP had better come out and say so now, oh right, they have and said explicitly that it is not!
Third, the cost savings from waste and growth is a policy issue and not one for consultants to make a call on. I should note that Clark and Devries actually lead such an initiative in Ottawa under Finance Minister Martin where they found $3B a year through efficiency initiatives. These exercises are important and in fact realistic. Hell, just by eliminating the homeowner Grant (HoG), we could achieve $800M a year in efficiencies (the NDP would not eliminate this I am just saying how easy it is to find waste). Is it not the place of these consultants to make such policy plays on behalf of the BC NDP when they know such savings are real because they've done it themselves.
Whether or not the statement about the Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) fund is true, I don't know. I've been through Budget 2017 and can't find the line item.
The funny part about this whole thing is that if the BC Liberals would just calm down for a moment (listen to advice they gave John Horgan in last weeks leader's debate) and listen to the non-partisan commentary in the last two weeks is that there have been great critiques of the NDP platform in that it lacks real transparency on key items (it is a plan for a plan not a plan itself) and lacks costing for long term items (it is a 10 year plan but costs only three years). Why focus on such stupid items that are so easily torpedoed when the big items are left out there flapping in the wind?
Advertisements
In the last several weeks, Mr. Murdoch has exuded a satisfaction and sure-footedness that people close to the company said they had not seen since before Mr. Murdoch's British newspaper unit became embroiled in a phone hacking scandal. That is in part because hacking has been overtaken in the press by an unfolding scandal at the British Broadcasting Corporation.
The BBC, which Mr. Murdoch and his son James have frequently criticized, is accused of canceling a news program's segment about serial child molesting committed by longtime host Jimmy Savile, and broadcasting false reports of pedophilia about a member of Margaret Thatcher's administration.
People close to Mr. Murdoch said he considered the BBC scandal karmic justice for months of negative coverage of News Corporation, and he has provided almost daily commentary via Twitter. “BBC getting into deeper mess,” he wrote on Nov. 10. “After Savile scandal, now prominent news program falsely names senior pol as pedophile.”
And the BBC scandal touches another Murdoch rival — The New York Times, whose parent company's new chief executive, Mark Thompson, served as director general at the BBC. Mr. Thompson's replacement at the BBC, George Entwistle, resigned on Nov. 11 after just 54 days on the job. “Look to new CEO to shape up NYT unless recalled to BBC to explain the latest scandal,” Mr. Murdoch wrote on Twitter last month.
As News Corporation sank into its hacking scandal last year, it delayed new acquisitions. In September, Britain's Office of Communications, known as Ofcom, said that British Sky Broadcasting, 39.1 percent owned by News Corporation, was “fit and proper” to hold a broadcast license. The decision removed a cloud of uncertainty at News Corporation's Manhattan headquarters and cleared the company to revisit deals, analysts said.
“The internal narrative at the company is that the boss is in shopping mode,” said one person close to News Corporation who could not discuss Mr. Murdoch's thinking publicly.
Video
Dropping its $12 billion bid for the portion of BSkyB that it did not already own give News Corporation ample cash to complete share buybacks and consider other acquisitions. The company had $9.6 billion in cash at the end of its 2012 fiscal year and in September borrowed another $1 billion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On a recent earnings call, Chase Carey, News Corporation's president and chief operating officer, said: “We always seem to be the topic of the day when it comes to a rumor of some transaction.” Still, he added: “There are places where we think we should kick the tires on things.”
Last week News Corporation neared a deal with Yankees Global Enterprises to buy a 49 percent stake in the Yes Network, a regional New York sports network with a valuation of about $3 billion. A stake in Yes would add to News Corporation's lineup of regional sports channels and contribute to its reported plans to introduce a national cable sports channel that could take on the Walt Disney Company's ESPN.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It's one of the only businesses where there's no No. 2,” said Michael Nathanson, a media analyst at Nomura Securities. “In our view, sports is the safest asset in media.”
This month the company paid an estimated $250 million for the portion of ESPN Star Sports that it did not already own. ESPN Star Sports, based in Singapore, operates 17 sports networks in five languages around Asia.
Then there are publishing assets that the 81-year-old Mr. Murdoch has long coveted, like The Los Angeles Times. Its owner, the bankrupt Tribune Company, is looking for a buyer for its struggling newspapers, including The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune.
Julie Henderson, a spokeswoman for News Corporation, called recent reports that News Corporation was in talks with Tribune Company and The Los Angeles Times “wholly inaccurate.” News Corporation's last major acquisition, of Dow Jones & Company, publisher of The Journal and Barron's, for $5.6 billion in 2007, was unpopular among investors.
But the structure of the coming split of News Corporation could give Mr. Murdoch considerable resources to indulge his love of newspapers. While the final details of the split won't be announced until next month, News Corporation has arranged for its sluggish publishing division to be bolstered by Australian pay television assets, which will make up the bulk of the earnings in the newly formed company. In Australia, the company recently paid $2.01 billion to increase its stake in Australia's dominant pay TV provider, Foxtel.
“All of the Australian assets go into the split-off company,” Mr. Murdoch said in June. “It is just a lot simpler.”
That structure also gives the company's hard-hit newspapers a financial safety net and Mr. Murdoch capital. Mr. Carey, News Corporation's president, has said the company will invest in its fledgling education division. Run by a former New York City schools chancellor, Joel I. Klein, the education group, called Amplify, will be part of the new company.
Last month, News Corporation explored a $1.6 billion cash offer for Pearson's Penguin publishing house. Penguin ultimately merged with Bertelsmann's Random House. But News Corporation's interest raised questions about other acquisitions that would bring scale to its HarperCollins book division, also part of the publishing company.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“He'll have the currency” to do whatever he wants, said a person who discussed the split plan with Mr. Murdoch.
How Japanese girl group AKB48 was let down by its Chinese baby
If there is a mistake AKB48, the popular Japanese girl idol group, has made in its 10-year history, it was its decision to expand into China.
The largest pop group, according to Guinness World Records, and one of the most profitable, recently cut its four-year-old ties with its offshoot, SNH48, because its Shanghai baby had violated its contract.
Apparently, SNH48 has become so successful and aggressive that it has set up two subsidiaries – BEJ48 and GNZ48 – to replicate its successful business model in Beijing and Guangzhou, without informing its Japanese partner.
Founded in 2012, SNH48 has become a hit, following in the footsteps of AKB48.
More than 30,000 teenage girls in China applied to join the group, which built on the “idols you can meet” concept by organizing “handshake” events where fans can meet group members.
To boost the Shanghai group's ride to success, AKB48 designated two of its own members to join SNH48, which is building the SNH48 Theater, also known as the Star Dream Theater.
In China, you are not counted as successful until someone duplicates your name or business in a similar form, because imitation is indeed the sincerest form of flattery in the mainland.
To AKB48, whose name is based on Akihabara, a district in Tokyo where the girls group is headquartered, the breakup was a sad occasion.
Its failure to stop its Chinese partner from leveraging independently on its franchise represented a setback in its push to other Asian countries, such as Taiwan, Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines.
SNH48, however, shed no tears.
The Shanghai-based group reiterated it is a fully independent and autonomous female idol group native to China, stressing that it was only tied to AKB48 on a “technical level”.
It also said the creation of sister groups in Beijing and Guangdong was a sign of SNH48's independence.
As one might have expected, SNH48 has easily attracted a suitor – and there seems to be no better fit than Alibaba Pictures Group Ltd. (1060.HK), the parent of which, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., is often criticized for making money from selling pirated goods.
With an arguably more powerful parent, SNH48 can be expected to rev up its business in Xinjiang, Tibet and Hong Kong.
The group's streak of independence may be something the mainland authorities might want to monitor.
(AKB48)
(SNH48)
– Contact us at [email protected]
JT/AC/FL
Gay, anti-gay pastor, reaches peak hypocrisy with disgraceful act
Matt Makela was disgraced earlier this week after reports came out accusing the Michigan church leader of soliciting gay sex on the online dating app Grindr. They had pictures.
Apparently, that was only the tip of Makela's hypocritical iceberg considering the despicable stunt he pulled when a troubled teenager came to him for advice. 17-year old Tyler Kish, who is gay, went to Makela seeking guidance about a year ago, and Makela did his best to guide him to his grave. According to Kish's mother, this was the message the Michigan pastor had for Tyler.
If he was going to go to hell for being gay that he might as well go to hell by committing suicide.
The same man on Grindr looking for…right.
As if the situation wasn't already absolutely horrible, Makela's church had the nerve to play spin doctor and lessen the blow of their pastor's despicable, ungodly behavior.
“Never about the details of sin?” Pastor Kempin is bold as hell for signing this.
Mayberry Machiavelli is a satirically pejorative phrase coined by John J. DiIulio Jr., a former George W. Bush administration staffer who ran the President's Faith-Based Initiative. After DiIulio resigned from his White House post in late 2001, journalist Ron Suskind quoted him in an Esquire magazine article describing the administration of the Bush White House as follows: "What you've got is everything—and I mean everything—being run by the political arm. It's the reign of the Mayberry Machiavellis."[1] In a 2002 letter to Suskind (but not published until 2007),[2] DiIulio wrote that the "Mayberry Machiavellis" were the junior and senior staffers who reduced every issue to a simplistic black and white, us vs them narrative.
The phrase invokes the infamous Machiavellian-style power politics coupled with the simplistic mindset of rural small town, as exemplified by the fictional town of Mayberry in the television shows The Andy Griffith Show and Mayberry R.F.D., which ran on the American television network, CBS, from 1960 to 1971.
After One Month Of Coverage, The Raid Is The Benghazi That Wasn't
In the month after Navy SEAL William “Ryan” Owens was killed in a botched raid on a terrorist camp in Yemen, none of Fox News' prime-time hosts even mentioned the incident.
During that January 29 raid -- the first counterterrorism operation of President Donald Trump's administration -- “almost everything that could go wrong did,” according to The New York Times. Several news outlets have produced reports suggesting the raid was ordered without sufficient intelligence and preparation and that the administration has been untruthful about the operation.
As these questions have mounted, Democrats on Capitol Hill and Owens' father have called for an investigation into the raid.
But Fox's evening lineup has been virtually silent, airing only 12 segments with significant discussion of the story from January 30 to February 28, according to a Media Matters review.
By contrast, the network's evening programs devoted a whopping 140 segments to the September 11, 2012, Benghazi attacks in the first month after that tragedy, according to data Media Matters compiled for a 2014 report. (NOTE: That study did not include Fox's 7 p.m. Eastern Standard Time hour because it was not in Nexis, making the disparity even more stark.)
The two incidents are not perfectly comparable. One involved a U.S. ambassador being killed in an attack by terrorists, while the other involved a U.S. servicemember being killed in an assault on terrorists; one was immediately politicized by the opposition while the other was not.
And yet, the parallels between Fox News' criticisms of the Obama administration's handling of the Benghazi attack and the actual facts of the Trump administration's handling of the Yemen raid suggest the network's silence is deliberate.
Every show but The O'Reilly Factor aired more segments on the Benghazi attacks in the month after that event than the entire network lineup did follow the Yemen raid. Special Report and Hannity each aired more than 40 Benghazi segments, averaging more than two per broadcast.
By contrast, Special Report with Bret Baier was the network's leader in raid segments, but it produced only five in the first month; The Five was next, with just three.
After 7 p.m., none of Fox's hosts said a word about the story. The rare discussions on their programs came from guest hosts or correspondent news briefs. Sean Hannity's program never mentioned the raid in any way.
That drought ended on March 1 as the pro-Trump propagandists rushed to praise the president for recognizing Owens' sacrifice during Trump's February 28 speech to a joint session of Congress. Hannity, Bill O'Reilly, and Martha MacCallum all lauded the president while lashing out at progressives who suggested that Trump had used Owens' death for political gain.
It's not only the volume of coverage that has changed dramatically after a Republican became president -- the character of the segments have changed as well.
One can't overstate the degree to which Fox News sought to turn the Benghazi tragedy into a political cudgel with which to hammer the Obama administration.
Over a period of years, the network flooded its airwaves with coverage that portrayed the administration's response as a major political scandal. In the first months, Fox's focus was on President Obama, who was running for re-election. After he was victorious, attention shifted to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the front-runner to be the Democratic nominee in 2016.
Fox repeatedly pushed myths about the attack, seeking to convince its audience that the administration had engaged in a conspiracy to deliberately withhold aid from the besieged Americans and then lied about the attack to the American people, all for political gain.
That narrative began immediately. In the first month after the Benghazi attacks, nearly a third of Fox's segments suggested that Obama or members of his administration deliberately misled or outright lied to the public about the events. In a similar number of segments, Fox figures or guests characterized the administration's response as a “cover-up.” Seven of the segments featured comparisons to the Watergate or Iran-Contra scandal.
These claims were false, as numerous investigations eventually showed.
Over the past month, several criticisms of the Trump administration's handling of the Yemen raid have emerged. These include:
Due to insufficient intelligence and preparation, “the attacking SEAL team found itself dropping onto a reinforced al Qaeda base defended by landmines, snipers, and a larger than expected contingent of heavily armed Islamist extremists.” This led to U.S. casualties and civilian deaths.
Trump was not in the White House situation room for the raid -- his Twitter account tweeted and deleted a promotion for an upcoming interview while the attack was ongoing. He approved the action over dinner at a meeting that included political staffers.
The Trump administration has repeatedly falsely suggested that the Obama White House approved the raid.
Contrary to public claims from Trump and his administration that the raid was a successful intelligence gathering mission, reports suggest part of its purpose was actually to kill a top leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, who “either slipped away or was not at the location.” The raid reportedly produced “no significant intelligence” according to U.S. officials who contradicted Pentagon statements in comments to NBC News. As evidence of the raid's success, the Pentagon produced clips which were subsequently determined to be from a 10-year-old video that was already in the public domain.
During an interview on Fox News, Trump blamed Owens' death on the military, saying, “They came to me, they explained what they wanted to do ― the generals … And they lost Ryan.”
Based on the Benghazi precedent, it is very clear that if a similar set of facts had emerged during a Democratic presidency, Fox's coverage would have been apocalyptic. Instead, the network's commentators have sought to carry water for the president.
“Also, what you probably have heard, and maybe not, is that there was an incredible amount of information, a treasure trove of intel that they were able to recover, they said, similar to the amount in terms of its importance to the intelligence community that we got with Osama bin Laden at Abbottabad,” The Five host Kimberly Guilfoyle said during a February 1 segment praising Trump for visiting Dover Air Force Base for the arrival of Owens' remains.
Bud Jackson, chairman of the American Working Families PAC, was one of the only voices on the Fox evening shows to offer criticism of the Trump administration, suggesting the president's decision to order the raid was “cavalier,” pointing out that “a lot of things went wrong” during the attack, and accusing White House press secretary Sean Spicer of using Owens as “a human shield.”
But during that February 27 edition of The First 100 Days, guest host Sandra Smith repeatedly sought to pivot away from Jackson's comments, suggesting that Obama was really responsible for the raid. The other guest, former SEAL Carl Higbie, attacked Jackson for being “extremely disrespectful.”
(CBS) With the Bulls being eliminated by the Cavaliers on Thursday night in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference semifinals, all attention now turns to the future of Chicago coach Tom Thibodeau, who has a well-documented contentious relationship with the front office.
It's simply a matter of when, not if, Thibodeau and the Bulls part ways, according to numerous reports. And after that time comes, Iowa State coach Fred Hoiberg will be the top candidate with no other competition, Yahoo Sports NBA insider Adrian Wojnarowski said Friday in an interview with the Spiegel and Goff Show.
“The job will be Fred Hoiberg's if he wants it,” Wojnarowski said. “There's not going to be any competition for him. Now, it's conceivable that Fred Hoiberg decides to stay at Iowa State, but if they make a change and Tom Thibodeau is out, Fred Hoiberg is really the only candidate for this job from the Bulls perspective. But that doesn't guarantee that he's going to do it. I know he's already had to give it thought because it's real.
“He knows what's coming. Everybody does.”
Hoiberg and Bulls general manager Gar Forman have a close relationship. Forman was an assistant coach when Hoiberg played at Iowa State in the mid-1990s.
“They have history, and they have a relationship,” Wojnarowski said. “They have a trust there, and I think that's what they're looking for here, from the Bulls' perspective.”
Before getting too far, Thibodeau's exit must be choreographed. There are two logical routes for that to happen.
Thibodeau could be receptive to leaving and give the Bulls the opportunity to trade him for draft pick compensation. Or Thibodeau could play hardball and force the Bulls to fire him, at which point they'd be on the hook for the money on the final two years of his contract.
It's worth noting that if Thibodeau lands a job leading another team next year, there's offset language so that the Bulls wouldn't have to pay all the money left on his contract, Wojnarowski said.
The Pelicans, Magic and Nuggets have open jobs. New Orleans' is considered the most appealing because of 22-year-old Anthony Davis' rise to superstardom.
“With the New Orleans job open — the appeal is as good as it gets in the league — what will Tom want?” Wojnarowski said. “Will he want personnel control somewhere? Will he want to be a president and hire a GM to run the team? Will he be satisfied with just coaching?
“Those are the questions Tom has got to answer for himself and the people around him are going to have to help him answer.
“If you're the Bulls, you want to get out of this A) without having to pay him or pay as low as possible and you'd like to be able to get a draft pick from a team. I don't know that Orlando is going to give up one. They're not going to give up that first-round lottery (pick). That's not happening.
“Maybe a second-round picks is conceivable. The Clippers gave up a first-round pick for Doc Rivers, but they were contenders with a late pick. Orlando's a lottery team. They're not giving up a lottery pick for him. I'm sure the Bulls will ask for it.
“I think this thing stretches out. I think it's going to be complicated.”
Listen to Wojnarowski's full interview below.
The Justin Trudeau Liberals are now trailing the Conservatives slightly after delivering a widely unpopular budget this week, a Forum Research poll shows.
Dr. Lorne Bozinoff, president of Forum Research, said there were several items that drew a strong negative response in Thursday's budget and that added up to a drop in popular support for the government.
The cancellation of a tax credit for public transit users, the end of Canada Savings Bonds and higher taxes on alcohol turned off many Canadians.
“When you add it all up, probably everyone has something they don't like about the budget,” Bozinoff said Friday.
The federal Liberals are now the first choice of 36% of decided and leaning voters, down from 39% last month.
Meanwhile, the Conservatives, who are in a leadership campaign, have the support of 38%, up from 35% at the end of February.
The NDP stands pat with 15% support, the Bloc Quebecois are down one point to 6% and the Green Party remains at 4%.
Four in 10 Canadians polled did not like Trudeau's second budget and roughly the same number of people said they would be less likely to vote Liberal in the next federal election because of it.
Only 14% approved of the budget, while another 36% had no opinion and 10% said they didn't know.
Perhaps more worrisome for the governing Liberals was the poll finding that 37% believe the budget will be bad for the economy and 41% think it will hurt the middle class, a key voting demographic.
Another 31% conclude the budget will have a neutral effect on the middle class and 10% see it as a good thing for that group.
“These budgets that continually increase taxes or phase out tax credits, which is kind of the same thing in people's minds…I think they become a bit much for people,” Bozinoff said. “And I think that's what they were feeling about some of these items.”
Budget commitments to enhance parental leave and child care services received a positive response, but Bozinoff said the loss of the tax credit for public transit appears to have really soured Canadians on the Liberals' fiscal plan.Across Canada, Liberal support held in British Columbia and Quebec, but dipped a bit in the Atlantic Region and plunged in the prairies and Ontario.
Forum Research surveyed 1,029 Canadian voters and the results are considered accurate plus or minus 3%, 19 times out of 20.
aartuso@postmedia.com
**********
Something else that won't fly:
Privatizing the country's airports is opposed by 45% of Canadians, a Forum Research poll found.
The Justin Trudeau government has been pondering the sell off of some of the country's largest airports to generate billions of dollars — money it could use to fund its major infrastructure plans.
Forum Research uncovered strong opposition to the idea although about one-quarter of those polled were undecided and one in 10 liked the idea.
The pollster noted a mixed reaction when floating other budget items past voters.
Big yawn:
A significant number of people — 35% — couldn't care less about the end of Canada Savings Bonds but 26% are not happy about this. Another 21% were okay with their demise, and 19% had no opinion.
Loved it:
Most Canadians polled support the fed's new investment in childcare (52%) and almost half backed the increased parental leave in the budget.
Hated it:
Canadians were not pleased that the budget ends the popular tax credit for transit passes. The poll found that 37% think that's a bad move with only 16% supporting it.
More taxes please:
Almost half (46%) of Canadians liked the increased tax on alcohol announced in the budget, while 37% gave it the thumbs down.
By John Vibes
🔊 Listen to Article
One of the promises of GMO crops was that they would be more resistant to bugs and pests; however, it seems that the chemicals used on these crops, and the modifications that have been made to their basic structure, have actually created an explosion in pesticide-resistant bugs.
It was reported this week that genetically modified crops, corn specifically, has created a pesticide resistant rootworm, that is now stronger and more numerous than ever before. To make matters even worse, due to the growing over-infestation, farmers have been forced to use even more of the harmful pesticides that have been known to contribute to cancer, and are suspected of devastating the global honeybee population.
According to The Wall Street Journal, the United States Environmental Protection Agency has taken a recent interest in the rootworm problem, and they are expected to set limits on the amount of genetically modified corn that can be grown in the US.
Bill Jordan, the EPA's deputy head of pesticide programs said that the problem is getting worse, and suggested that limits are needed to keep the rootworm in check.
“It is getting worse, what's happened so far hasn't prevented these problems from arising, so we see need for something more,” Jordan said.
However, the fact that the EPA wants to implement restrictions presents a very interesting problem because it is actually the US government that is responsible for the overproduction of corn in the first place, thanks to massive farm subsidies.
According to EWG farm subsidies, the United States government has put forward over $84 billion between the years of 1995 and 2012, encouraging farmers to plant corn, most of which is used for animal feed and junk food.
As the Roosevelt Institute pointed out:
Over the past five years, the Farm Bill has distributed $42 billion of our tax dollars to farmers, mainly in the form of direct payments or subsidized crop insurance. Those that qualify for these payments are mostly big commodity firms that grow such crops as corn, wheat, soy, and cotton, and they are paid regardless of crop prices. A majority of these firms are large enough that with the recent rise in commodity prices and without a regulatory limit on how much they can produce, much of the government subsidy gets banked as extra profits. The subsidies not only add to the national debt, but incentivize the overproduction of crops that are the major ingredients in unhealthy foods.
Pesticide-resistant rootworms are definitely a problem, and GMO crops are surely to blame, but instead of compounding the issue with more restrictions, it would make much more sense to simply end the billions in subsidies that encourage the production of corn each year.
John Vibes writes for True Activist and is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war.
This article (EPA Raises Alarm Over GMO Crops That Are Breeding Swarms Of These Mutant Bugs) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com.
After nearly two months off due to injury, Andrea Bargnani walked out to check in at the six-minute mark of the first quarter. Play on the court stretched out for another couple of minutes. Bargnani crouched at the scorer's desk. The tension in the building was as thick as it ever gets. Even Boston coach Doc Rivers sensed it. He made a point of walking over to the Italian to welcome him back. Bargnani smiled painfully.
Raptor Rudy Gay looks for a way around Paul Pierce of the Celtics in Wednesday night's game at the Air Canada Centre. ( LUCAS OLENIUK / TORONTO STAR )
Coach Dwane Casey felt it too. He came out to half court to stand with his player, shielding him from what everyone knew was coming. As Bargnani was finally announced, there were widespread boos. Half the arena had the sense to cheer, but the jeers were louder.
Article Continued Below
“They booed? I was in the game. I didn't hear. But they booed?” Amir Johnson said, either genuinely taken aback or making a good show of it. “Not Bargnani. Man, I was just glad to have him back.” “I'm disappointed,” Casey said of the reaction. “This young man has done nothing to deserve that. He's been hurt. Fans have a right to boo, to cheer, to boo me. But I don't think Andrea deserved it, coming back from a serious injury. But he was a pro about it.” If that doesn't make you feel a little sheepish, it should. You may dislike Andrea Bargnani. You may wish him gone. That's understandable. He's a frustrating underachiever. But presumably you still care about the team, right? Unless you are a pecuniary masochist, that's why you buy the tickets. Fans who care don't take pleasure in booing their own players. They may occasionally lose it late in a bad game, or as a reaction to lazy play, or after a flagrant provocation (Hello, A.J. Burnett).
But they don't ambush a guy in home colours for the sin of showing up to work. They don't take pleasure in embarrassing the team in front of the competition. Maybe this is what losing has turned this town into. We're the dog that bites every hand.
Article Continued Below
Whatever it is, it's bad form. If the goal is to encourage the team to be better, it's the equivalent of slapping a kid to get him to quit crying — an action contrary to its purpose. Bargnani's reaction? “No reaction,” he said, which is sort of post-modern. “I tried to focus on the game. I heard there were some cheers, some boos.” Were the boos fair? “That's not my role to say if it's fair or unfair. I'm a player, so I've just got to go in and try to contribute to the team.” Given the length of his absence, Bargnani's contribution was impressive. He looked ragged, breathing heavily after only a couple of minutes. By the fourth quarter, as the Raptors tailed off in a 99-95 defeat, he looked exhausted. After his first five minutes, he hadn't taken shot. After seven, he had seven points: a 17-foot jumper, a pair of free throws, a strong move to the rim and another foul shot made. He scored nine in 11 minutes in the first half — the team high at that point — and finished with 13 in 24 minutes. For the first time in a long time, he looked active on defence. Not particularly effective, but active. He was talking to his teammates on the floor, something he should always do and hardly ever does. He was — and this is the important thing — trying. Six minutes into the second half, Bargnani checked in again. More boos. Were these people not paying attention, or were they just working off some frustration on the most convenient scapegoat? A bit of both, one suspects. A few more minutes. A good Raptor run. Kyle Lowry found the ball in a thicket under the rim after a long Bargnani miss. The Italian crashed the basket. Lowry flipped it to him on the run. Uncontested dunk. And the cheers erupted. “Should we reserve some time on Sunday to retire (Bargnani's) No. 7?” someone alongside the bench wondered drily. No danger of that, obviously, but let's hope the fits of pique that greeted Chris Bosh aren't also waiting for Bargnani once he's gone somewhere else. It's not going to work out for him here. That's obvious. It's not his team anymore. It's a team moving away from Bryan Colangelo's pick-'n'-roll Euro model back toward old-fashioned, drive-'n'-dish American hoops. There's no place for Bargnani in that sort of team, not at his cost. And certainly not when there are so many other spots in desperate need of filling. The team is effectively working with one point guard now, and given Wednesday night's line — Lowry (plus-8); John Lucas (minus-12) — that can't go on much longer. Again, if you want Bargnani gone, you want him to play well enough to earn something of substance back. Again, it's either about making fun of the guy or getting the most out of him. He'll be gone soon enough. Maybe not by the end of the month, but in the off-season almost certainly. Given that, there's no need to do this with pitchforks and an ugly smile. It embarrasses this organization, and alienates the very people fans come here to cheer. Was it fair for Raptors fans to boo Andrea Bargnani last night?
Read more about:
In the early 90s, Apple began working on the Power Mac 7100, a product that was internally given the codename "Carl Sagan." The impetus behind the codename was a riff on Sagan's catchphrase "billions and billions", the implication being that the 7100 would go on to make Apple billions of dollars.
Concurrently, Apple was also developing two other Power Mac computers codenamed Piltdown Man and Cold Fusion, the former being a reference to a notorious scientific hoax and the latter being a discredited type of nuclear reaction.
When these internal codenames were first revealed in a 1993 issue of MacWeek, Sagan was concerned that the use of his name might be misconstrued as an official endorsement. Some also speculate that Sagan was not keen on having his name being associated with two prominent examples of pseudo-science.
In January of 1994, Sagan wrote the following letter to MacWeek:
I have been approached many times over the past two decades by individuals and corporations seeking to use my name and/or likeness for commercial purposes. I have always declined, no matter how lucrative the offer or how important the corporation. My endorsement is not for sale. For this reason, I was profoundly distressed to see your lead front-page story "Trio of Power PC Macs spring toward March release date" proclaiming Apple's announcement of a new Mac bearing my name. That this was done without my authorization or knowledge is especially disturbing. Through my attorneys, I have repeatedly requested Apple to make a public clarification that I knew nothing of its intention to capitalize on my reputation in introducing this product, that I derived no benefit, financial or otherwise, from its doing so. Apple has refused. I would appreciate it if you so apprise your readership. Carl Sagan
In the wake of Sagan's letter, Apple changed the codename of the Power Mac 7100 to "BHA", a string which stood for "Butt-Head Astronomer."
When Sagan became aware of this, he decided to sue Apple for libel.
That this dispute even went to court in the first place is beyond comical. Just imagine Apple arguing, as it did, that the phrase "Butt-Head Astronomer" doesn't constitute libel because it's merely the expression of an opinion that no one would misconstrue as fact.
Not surprisingly, the case was dismissed just as quickly as it was brought.
The court ruling reads in part:
There can be no question that the use of the figurative term "Butt-Head" negates the impression that Defendant was seriously implying an assertion of fact. It strains reason to conclude that Defendant was attempting to criticize Plaintiff's reputation or competency as an astronomer. One does not seriously attack the expertise of a scientist using the undefined phrase "butt-head."
Following this legal defeat, Sagan sued Apple yet again, this time for using his name at all in the first place. Apple emerged victorious once more, prompting Sagan to appeal the decision. Presumably not wanting to engage Sagan in a string of legal proceedings, Apple and Sagan in November of 1995 were ultimately able to reach a confidential settlement agreement out of court, with Apple apologizing for any unintended stress it caused the famed astronomer.
In a statement on the matter, Apple's patent director at the time, one Paul D. Carmichael, said:
Dr. Sagan has made great contributions in many areas of higher learning and in particular has made complex subject matter interesting and understandable to a wide audience. Apple has always had great respect for Dr. Sagan, and it was never Apple's intention to cause Dr. Sagan or his family any embarrassment or concern.
The engineers at Apple, though, weren't going to go down without some sort of fight. As such, the final codename for the Power Mac 7100 was "LAW", a string which stood for 'Lawyers are Wimps."
As an epilogue to this somewhat bizarre story, the Power Mac 7100 debuted in March of 1994 but never went on to generate billions and billions of dollars for Apple.
"On The Shoulders of Giants" is the name of the achievement that pops up towards the end of XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Firaxis' reimagining of the revered strategy classic X-Com: UFO Defense. The achievement is awarded when you pass the final bottleneck into the game's finale - put another way, nobody who finishes the game could possibly miss it. Firaxis want to make the esteem in which they hold the 1994 original unmistakably clear.
You can't blame them. Microprose's idiosyncratic sci-fi strategy game had captured hearts all over the world but also steeled them against imitators. No official or unofficial sequel to X-Com had ever met with widespread fan approval. Otherwise perfectly competent games like the UFO Extraterrestrials series and UFO Aftershock and its sequels were dismissed as "not X-Com enough."
What was that elusive magic that the original had and no remake had successfully recaptured? Jake Solomon, the producer of Firaxis' XCOM wasn't even sure that he knew.
"I'm a very hardcore X-Com player," Solomon told me, "and if you'd gotten ten of us in a room and asked us what that 'Xcom-ness' is, you'd walk out with ten - no, probably twenty answers. And I didn't know that I had nailed it." Original X-Com designer Julian Gollop has long been held up as a man who caught lightning in a bottle, and X-Com itself a unique feat that would never be repeated.
The XCOM remake manages to be both faithful and radical in its interpretation.
2K was always careful to show the original game its due reverence in their marketing. Solomon himself was a staple of the pre-launch hype machine, where he repeatedly and convincingly put his True X-Com Fan bona fides on display in countless interviews. When asked about Gollop, Solomon told PC Gamer in February, "[h]e's a personal hero of mine so I've tried as much as possible to honour him".
Talking to Solomon last week - the day before American Thanksgiving - I had caught 2K's producer at his most relaxed. With XCOM's release in his wake, Solomon is getting used to the slower pace in life. "It's weird when you're a developer, because oddly everything ends when the game comes out. You work like crazy, the game launches and then everything just stops. I'm mostly just sitting on my ass." I tell him that I had talked to Julian Gollop about XCOM - his XCOM - and I felt Solomon's post-crunch holiday cool fumble for a second.
Solomon groans loudly. "Oh great," he says. "That's like hey, 'I heard you're making a movie of For Whom the Bell Tolls - I just talked to Hemingway about it.'"
Solomon's distress is rooted in the fact that part of him feels like he got away with something when XCOM came in for all the praise it did. "There's no way to understate this: we redesigned the game." Solomon's voice drops a little when he says this, like a man confessing to profane acts in a temple. "We threw out time units, we threw out inventory management. We redesigned the geoscape from the bottom up."
Aside from a few fundamentalist diehards for whom no remake will outshine the nostalgia-glossed perfection of the original, X-Com fans have welcomed the new game, a fact borne out by solid sales numbers and respectably high review scores all around. But if the new XCOM has received a warm embrace from fans and critics, what has original X-Com designer Julian Gollop - Solomon's "personal hero" made of it?
You can relax, Jake Solomon.
"I think Firaxis has done a great job," Julian Gollop told me. The legendary designer of X-Com and Laser Squad has recently settled jumped ship from Ubisoft to work solo on remaking his 1985 design Chaos from his bedroom in Bulgaria, but the new XCOM has taken a good chunk of his time. "The game is addictive and absorbing, not to mention quite challenging on the classic difficulty setting." Given that the original X-Com was infamously unsentimental about mowing down the player's squaddies by the Skyranger-full, that's some remarkable praise.
Prior to the release of the new game, many X-Com fans howled at the decision to develop XCOM for both PC and console, unlike the original and Firaxis's flagpole franchise Civilization. And while this new XCOM is decidedly more streamlined than the 90s-era source material, Gollop sees nothing wrong with the nips and tucks. "Most of their decisions have been pretty sensible, and they have made a very console-friendly game. Overall I think they have preserved the essence of the original X-Com."
Not all of the streamlining meets with Gollop's approval, however. "One small disappointment is that the positions of events and bases in the world view have no relevance at all," Gollop said, comparing the new game's single-base approach to the original's player-driven expansion of bases around the world. "I often get the feeling that some things are just too deliberately contrived. The three simultaneous abduction sites [of which the player can only respond to one] being the worst offender.
"Oh great. That's like hey, 'I heard you're making a movie of For Whom the Bell Tolls - I just talked to Hemingway about it.'" - Jake Solomon
And like the original, XCOM is as tough as boots.
"The original X-Com had significantly more pseudo-random elements. However, it is clear that they have been following Sid Meier's dictum that games are essentially about making interesting decisions. They have strived to make every decision have some kind of trade-off."
The lead-up to XCOM's release revealed worries from the fans about game's art direction, particularly the liberties that had been taken with the original's iconic aliens. RPS's Alec Meer, for example, fretted about "unsubtle" designs for the new "generi-monsters". Gollop, though, loves the extraterrestrial opponents. "The design of the aliens is great, with some very nice animations," he said.
Well, almost all of them. "I find the thin men too comical."
Now engaged in re-making Chaos, Gollop finds himself in Jake Solomon's shoes. "Re-imagining a respected game from the past means that you shouldn't alienate the games fans," Gollop tells me. "I have a similar problem with Chaos that Firaxis had with X-Com. I may succeed, I may not, but I will certainly attempt it. I think fans of the original Chaos will appreciate it."
When I tell Solomon what Gollop thought, he's audibly relieved, as if I've just told him he doesn't need dental surgery. "That's good, man. The guy's a legend. It's a weird situation. You know he's still out there, you know he's going to end up playing it - and you just admire the guy so much."
Both men are recent converts to Twitter, and they've begun talking to one another on the platform. Besides tweeting, Gollop has been keeping a developer diary of work on the new Chaos. "I can't wait to see how his new project turns out," Solomon tells me. It's one thing to stand on the shoulders of giants - how often do you get to watch them work?
Video: Former Arsenal Man Lukas Podolski Scores 36-Minute Hat-Trick For Galatasaray
Former Arsenal striker Lukas Podolski proved to the entire footballing world tonight that he still possesses the deadly instincts in front of goal by scoring a 36-minute hat-trick for Galatasaray.
The Germany striker, now 31, was playing for the Turkish giants in a cup game against third division side Dersimspor and he made absolutely sure there wasn't going to be any kind of upset on the cards:
Galatasaray, Dersimspor karşısında ilk yarıyı 3-0 önde kapattı. Yasin Öztekin ve Podolski işbirliği skora böyle yansıdı. pic.twitter.com/n7ME0PjErh — Galatasaray Gazetesi (@GsGazete) October 25, 2016
That's the first hat-trick Podolski has scored in 11 years, for either his club or country.
Having retired from playing for Germany after Euro 2016 in the summer, it seems as though the veteran forward used last week's international break wisely.
Playing in the Turkish Super Lig, Podolski has been out of the spotlight in recent years and you could've been forgiven for thinking he was just a Twitter troll these days.
However, it seems he still knows how to find the net. What do you make of his performance?
Let us know in the comments section below…
The San Francisco Chronicle's Sussan Slusser is reporting that A's pitcher Brandon McCarthy went through 20 hours of rigorous testing and has been cleared for all baseball activity. Doctors concluded that McCarthy is now back to where he was last spring training.
On September 5th, McCarthy was hit on the head by a line drive off the bat of the Angels' Erick Aybar. He was down for a couple minutes, but all seemed fine when he walked off the field on his own power.
However, things took a turn for the worse when he was checked in the hospital. McCarthy underwent surgery for two hours to relieve cranial pressure after CT scans revealed McCarthy had suffered an epidural hemorrhage, a brain contusion, and a skull fracture. In other words, he needed life-saving brain surgery.
The great news is that he has been cleared to pitch again, and can now begin talking to prospective teams interested in his services. McCarthy is a free agent, and after a stellar performance last season (8-6, 3.24 ERA), there will be plenty of teams calling up his agent.
The Chronicle reports that the Chicago White Sox, Chicago Cubs, and the Toronto Blue Jays have interest in the veteran pitcher.
US demand for avocados is fueling Mexican deforestation
Huge demand for avocados in the US are causing deforestation in central Mexico's pine forests.
Farmers in Mexico are being forced to expand their orchards in order to deal with the popularity of the fruit. Most of the country's avocados are produced in the pine and fir forests of Michoacan, as they mature at around the same rate at these trees, but this has led to thinning of the forests so that avocados can be grown beneath the canopy.
Avocado prices have climbed incrementally this year, creeping up from 86 cents each in January to $1.10 in July. Mexican farmers can make better profits growing avocados than almost all other crops, but it is coming at the price of destroying the winter environment of the monarch butterfly as well as the pine and fir trees.
A representative of Greenpeace said in a statement: "Beyond the displacement of forests and the effects on water retention, the high use of agricultural chemicals and the large volumes of wood needed to pack and ship avocados are other factors that could have negative effects on the area's environment and the well-being of its inhabitants.”
The popularity of the fruit in America has fuelled this issue; exports rose 10 times between 2001 and 2010, but production in Michoacan was only able to triple in that time to keep up with US requirements.
The 2012 Tapia Vargas institute's report on this subject stated that avocado production caused a 1,700 acre loss of forest land between 2000 and 2010.
Federal police Michoacan's capital are beginning to crack down on illegal deforesters, but thanks to the enormous lucrativeness of avocados to Mexican farmers, this may be a problem for some time.
Follow @BizReviewUSA and @NellWalkerMG
Read the August issue of Business Review USA & Canada here
I have a Cosabella Prettie bra I like but hardly ever wear due to the band being way too stretchy. I actually thought the cups were too big, not realizing that the problem was not the cups (which are actually the right size) but the overly large band. It stretched too much and wasn't holding them against my body very well. The size 32 band measured 25″ unstretched (from hook to the last eye), but 35.5″ stretched! Meanwhile I can't get my much firmer Panache Andorra size 30 band to stretch more than 30.75″, despite measuring 24.5″ unstretched. (And that 30.75″ is a very, very firm stretch.)
I've taken in bra bands before by making a tuck at the underarm. I'm not the biggest fan of this method. It makes a bump, the band looks uneven since the edges aren't trued, and it is very obvious. Plus the elastic at the upper and lower edge of the band tends to rub.
So tonight I decided to experiment by sewing in a non-stretch woven patch inside the band. My theory was that it would reduce the amount of fabric that stretched, so the whole band would stretch less. I cut a couple of strips of some Pimatex cotton broadcloth about 1 3/8″ wide and used a 3-step zigzag stitch to sew them to the inside of the band. I trimmed it as close to the stitches as possible and then tried the bra on. It definitely felt better, but was still a little too loose despite having it fastened on the first hook. I applied another 1 3/8″ patch next to the first one and tried it on again. Better! This time I could fasten it on the third hook. I stretched it again and measured it. This time it was just 31.5″.
Here's the outside with the patch applied:
And here's the inside. Yes, it looks like hell, but it is completely undetectable against my skin during wear. I should have used a black fabric, but this was the most accessible at the time.
I handwash all of my bras so I'm not concerned about fraying. The one downside is that the stretch of the band makes the fabric ripple a little. Not nearly as noticeable as a tuck, but not as smooth as before. A little boning would fix that though.
Just something you may want to think about trying if you have a bra that fits in the cups but has a too-stretchy band.
A roundup of this year's funniest #SONA2017 tweets and reactions
Published 6:56 PM, July 24, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The annual State of the Nation Address always generates a lot of buzz on social media, as people take to Facebook and Twitter to post their running commentaries. From poking fun at the fashion choices of legislators to their thoughts on what the President has to say, here are some of the funny tweets from #SONA2017:
First order of business, get your drinks ready for this year's SONA drinking game. What's your poison of choice?
SONA 2017 Drinking Game.
For every curse or mention of "drugs," a shot of vodka or whiskey, a sip of wine, or a gulp of beer. — florin hilbay (@fthilbay) July 24, 2017
Before the President delivered his address, lawmakers hit the red carpet. Can you spot the senators who used Brand X? (Read: IN PHOTOS: What people are wearing at the SONA 2017)
When 4 of your senators used Ariel and the rest used Brand X. Guess who's dilawan now#SONA2017 pic.twitter.com/K8jkgKGqXB — The Diliman Files (@kwentongupd) July 24, 2017
Meanwhile, Nancy Binay's pants raise a couple of questions with a throwback to last year's accessory:
After #SONA2017, mag-jogging si Nancy Binay! Naka jogging pants eh. Hihi pic.twitter.com/hGheooQfO3 — Miriam Lines (@MiriamLines) July 24, 2017
Binash po kasi ako last year dahil sa baon kong leche flan. Kaya po #HealthyLiving ang peg ko this year. Fun run after #SONA2017. pic.twitter.com/wyvfSpTuG6 — BFF Nancy (@IamNancyBinay) July 24, 2017
when you have P.E. class at 3PM
and have to attend #SONA2017 by 4pm pic.twitter.com/pu6iOiERWv — HOE LEE SHEET(@xoxo_leegal) July 24, 2017
There were also several quips about this year's SONA cinematography (READ: Brillante Mendoza to direct Duterte's second SONA):
Brillante Mendoza is shooting a horror movie. — Phil Dy (@philbertdy) July 24, 2017
Kala ko nazoom bigla TV namin. Kumlose-up lang pala si Brillante Mendoza. Kaloka #SONA2017 #DuterteSONA2017 pic.twitter.com/2QNDnD3YvK — SENYORA (@Senyora) July 24, 2017
We, UP Film Circle, condemn the use of unnecessary zoom-in sa pores and sa eyes —(@asshulz) July 24, 2017
Close Up frames inspired by Ang Probinsiyano. #SONA2017 — Mark Anicas (@mnanicas) July 24, 2017
To no one's surprise, the President goes off-script:
#SONA2017 is like a drinking session with your grandpa when you're just having fun then suddenly it turned into giving you a life lesson. — M.A. Buendía HD (@MABuendiaHD) July 24, 2017
I swear this SONA is the FB comments section brought to life. — Luigi Cat (@luwedgie_) July 24, 2017
While listening to Du30's SONA #SONA2017
Me: pic.twitter.com/o3mcRBdvyS — No To Martial Law (@dpgramos) July 24, 2017
"I don't know if I can make another SONA"
BEST THING I'VE HEARD SA BUONG PAGSASALITA MO BESH — —chingu (@ch1ng0alz) July 24, 2017
And the running tally for the curse words began:
Putangina - 5
GAGO - I
Son of a bitch - II
Shit - I
Tarantado - I
Nyeta - I
Gungong - I#SONA2017 — Jeck ツ (@iamcirej) July 24, 2017
Take aways from #SONA2017 so far:
The state of the nation is putang ina.
-nothing follows- — Carlo Santos (@tayapski) July 24, 2017
Of course, there are those who still found time for hugot:
SONA - State Of the Nation Address
on the other hand
SONA - State of Naiwan Ako — Al-Oliver Reyes (@oliverxalonzo) July 24, 2017
SONA - State of the Nation Address
SAAN - State of paghahanap ng lugar ko sa'yo
Char — nica (@veronikkuh) July 24, 2017
The SONA finally wrapped up after two hours. Have you written your reaction papers yet?
SHORT HORROR STORY: Reaction paper about the SONA. #SONA2017 — Jomar Dela Rosa (@jomardlrs) July 24, 2017
What did you think of this year's SONA? What moments stood out to you? Let us know in the comments below! – Rappler.com
Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 32 Caption Close
Image 2 of 32 Texans defensive end J.J. Watt salutes as he celebrates a sack. Texans defensive end J.J. Watt salutes as he celebrates a sack. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 3 of 32 Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Chad Henne fumbles the snap, causing a turnover. Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Chad Henne fumbles the snap, causing a turnover. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 4 of 32 Texans defensive end J.J. Watt runs with the football after recovering a Texans defensive end J.J. Watt runs with the football after recovering a Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 5 of 32
Image 6 of 32 Houston Texans running backs Arian Foster (23) and Ben Tate (44) walk off the field together after playing significant roles in the Texans' win. Houston Texans running backs Arian Foster (23) and Ben Tate (44) walk off the field together after playing significant roles in the Texans' win. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 7 of 32 Texans running back Arian Foster embraces Jacksonville Jaguars running back Maurice Jones-Drew. Texans running back Arian Foster embraces Jacksonville Jaguars running back Maurice Jones-Drew. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 8 of 32 Texans owner Bob McNair points to Texans fans as he walks of the field. Texans owner Bob McNair points to Texans fans as he walks of the field. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 9 of 32 Running back Ben Tate runs past Jacksonville Jaguars outside linebacker Russell Allen (50) for a 2-yard touchdown. Running back Ben Tate runs past Jacksonville Jaguars outside linebacker Russell Allen (50) for a 2-yard touchdown. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 10 of 32
Image 11 of 32 Texans head coach Gary Kubiak walks on the field during the second quarter. Texans head coach Gary Kubiak walks on the field during the second quarter. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 12 of 32 Arian Foster breaks free for a big gain. Arian Foster breaks free for a big gain. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 13 of 32 Texans quarterback Matt Schaub and head coach Gary Kubiak have a discussion during a time out in the third quarter. Texans quarterback Matt Schaub and head coach Gary Kubiak have a discussion during a time out in the third quarter. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 14 of 32 Texans quarterback Matt Schaub throws a pass as he is rushed by Jaguars defensive end Jeremy Mincey. Texans quarterback Matt Schaub throws a pass as he is rushed by Jaguars defensive end Jeremy Mincey. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 15 of 32
Image 16 of 32 Texans tight end Garrett Graham is tripped up after grabbing a catch. Texans tight end Garrett Graham is tripped up after grabbing a catch. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 17 of 32 Matt Schaub throws a pass under duress. Matt Schaub throws a pass under duress. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 18 of 32 Texans running back Ben Tate celebrates his 2-yard touchdown run during the third quarter. Texans running back Ben Tate celebrates his 2-yard touchdown run during the third quarter. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 19 of 32 Arian Foster cuts back across the field past Jacksonville Jaguars strong safety Dwight Lowery and defensive end Jeremy Mincey during the second quarter. Arian Foster cuts back across the field past Jacksonville Jaguars strong safety Dwight Lowery and defensive end Jeremy Mincey during the second quarter. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 20 of 32
Image 21 of 32 Houston Texans outside linebacker Brooks Reed records a quarterback sack in the second quarter. Houston Texans outside linebacker Brooks Reed records a quarterback sack in the second quarter. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 22 of 32 Texans running back Ben Tate powers past Jacksonville Jaguars strong safety Dwight Lowery and Jacksonville Jaguars free safety Dawan Landry for an 8-yard touchdown run during the second quarter. Texans running back Ben Tate powers past Jacksonville Jaguars strong safety Dwight Lowery and Jacksonville Jaguars free safety Dawan Landry for an 8-yard touchdown run during the second quarter. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 23 of 32 Texans inside linebacker Bradie James, defensive tackle Earl Mitchell and defensive end J.J. Watt sack Jaguars quarterback Blaine Gabbert. Texans inside linebacker Bradie James, defensive tackle Earl Mitchell and defensive end J.J. Watt sack Jaguars quarterback Blaine Gabbert. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 24 of 32 Texans strong safety Glover Quin breaks up a pass intended for Jaguars wide receiver Justin Blackmon. Texans strong safety Glover Quin breaks up a pass intended for Jaguars wide receiver Justin Blackmon. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 25 of 32
Image 26 of 32 Linebacker Connor Barwin, defensive end Antonio Smith and defensive end J.J. Watt sack Jaguars quarterback Blaine Gabbert. Linebacker Connor Barwin, defensive end Antonio Smith and defensive end J.J. Watt sack Jaguars quarterback Blaine Gabbert. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 27 of 32 Wide receiver Andre Johnson reaches out to catch while warming up. Wide receiver Andre Johnson reaches out to catch while warming up. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 28 of 32 Texans running back Ben Tate warms up before the Texans game against the Jacksonville Jaguars at EverBank Field Sunday, Sept. 16, 2012, in Jacksonville. ( Brett Coomer / Houston Chronicle ) Texans running back Ben Tate warms up before the Texans game against the Jacksonville Jaguars at EverBank Field Sunday, Sept. 16, 2012, in Jacksonville. ( Brett Coomer / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 29 of 32 Fans David Nagy, Jr., left, and his dad, David Nagy, walk through the parking lot at EverBank Field on their way to the game. Fans David Nagy, Jr., left, and his dad, David Nagy, walk through the parking lot at EverBank Field on their way to the game. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Image 30 of 32
Image 31 of 32 Houston Texans fan David Nagy walks past tailgating Jacksonville Jaguars fans as he arrives to EverBank Field. Houston Texans fan David Nagy walks past tailgating Jacksonville Jaguars fans as he arrives to EverBank Field. Photo: Brett Coomer / © 2012 Houston Chronicle
Last week, on August 10, a security researcher who goes by the handle "zerosum0x0" posted an interesting image to Twitter, it was the code behind a debug build of an executable.
The code was 'Hello World' – the training example used to teach new coders. When the executable was submitted to VirusTotal, several firms flagged it as a problem.
Salted Hash wanted to learn why training code was deemed malicious, so we asked the vendors to explain it. Here's what we learned.
The buzz around machine learning and artificial intelligence has grown over the last year or so in the security world. The vendors leveraging it is doing what they can to cash-in and improve performance to that they can be the undisputed champions of the market.
The experiment by "zerosum0x0" gained attention because the vendors flagging the code are advanced defense systems that promote their usage of machine learning.
The code in question can be seen in images on Twitter. Again, this is training code, something all novice coders use. Why then is such basic code being flagged as suspicious, harmful, or outright malicious by notable vendors such as Cylance, Sophos, McAfee, SentinelOne, CrowdStrike, and Endgame?
The example by "zerosum0x0" was just a single test with seven detections. Others, including one by a user under the handle "_hugsy_" removed the 'printf' function and was still flagged. Only this time, "_hugsy_" had eleven more vendors report that "Hello World" either unsafe, malicious, or a Trojan. Others did the same test, with the similar results.
Salted Hash asked "zerosum0x0" if they attempted to test with a non-debug sample, to which they gave an affirmative, but noted that it was hit or miss. "Theoretically machine learning can extrapolate more info from a debug build."
Again. Why? Why are these advanced offerings, from well-known and established security vendors flagging such basic, harmless code as malicious?
As it turns out, for some that's exactly what's supposed to happen. For others, it's because VirusTotal doesn't use the whole product. The default is to flag as suspicious it seems.
Before we get to the vendor explanations, it's worth noting that VirusTotal has always maintained that it's not the right tool to perform comparative analysis on security products. That isn't the point of this article, but we were curious about the results posted.
Salted Hash reached out to the vendors that flagged "Hello World" in some way including, Cylance, Sophos, McAfee, SentinelOne, CrowdStrike, Cyren and their consumer product F-Prot, Endgame, F-Secure, and Bitdefender.
We asked for comments to explain why "Hello World" was flagged, and asked for details on what they're doing to keep false positive rates low for customers. All but three vendors responded by deadline.
McAfee, F-Secure, and CrowdStrike did not respond to the initial requests for comment. When this fact was mentioned in public, F-Secure and McAfee reached out to us directly, but didn't provide comment by the time this story went live. Update: After this article was published CrowdStrike, F-Secure, and McAfee responded to questions.
Below are the comments from the vendors who responded. Some of their answers have been edited for space.
Ryan Permeh, Cylance:
"The Cylance engine is not an antivirus engine. Unlike AV, it doesn't have a bias toward letting everything run. The technology doesn't assume a file is good until it's evaluated. Our approach is to measure and decide on each and every file individually, and if it doesn't fit into our model of good, it leans towards bad. "Without a bunch of data to base a decision on, and without any real patterns of goodness to identify it as such, the engine leaned heavily on the structural bits that are odd and drew a line towards bad in this case. "When we train models, we train on hundreds of millions of good and hundreds of millions of bad files (samples). We look at several million potential data points (features) in each file... "...In general, a piece of code can become "bad" by doing things that lean towards bad. But it can also lean towards bad by not doing things that lean towards good. So in the most basic example provided (hello world in debug build): "The sample was small. It didn't show any bad, but it didn't show any good either; One function programs are almost always malware; Debug builds are statistically weird; Using mingw rather than visual studio is statistically weird. The output binary is 'odd.'"
Hyrum Anderson, Endgame:
"Before Twitter caught ablaze with these “hello world” samples, our own internal research indicated that our and other models were susceptible to these toy samples. Let's explain why. "Endgame's machine learning malware detection uses static features to determine before a customer executes a file whether it is likely malicious or benign. The machine learning model is an imperfect summarization of tens of millions of malicious and benign software on which the model was trained. "As an imperfect model, it can obviously be wrong, but still extremely useful in detecting never before seen malware, far more useful than approaches which rely on signatures for already known malware families. "For the case of our model and other machine learning models based on static features, the model can be wrong in this case because, in the training dataset, the model has seen: "Lots of real malware samples that are small unsigned binaries; lots of real malware samples where the entry point (.text) section is small, like droppers unpacking stubs; lots of real malware samples that attempt to hide their imports from static analysis by some method, so that their import table looks very small. "On the contrary, there are very few “useful” benign files that are small, certainly too few to contradict the above experience. "It's important to note that machine learning is actually quite good for prevention and detection malware, both novel samples and the more well known. Endgame was one of the only few to get NotPetya in VirusTotal, for example. That said, all machine learning models have blind spots (false negatives) and they can mistakenly call things bad (false positives). In fact, we've shown in our published research that for some machine learning models, these vulnerabilities can be quite convenient to exploit... "...At Endgame, we employ a strategy of layered protections that align with a large number of commonly seen attacker actions. Our MalwareScore engine (released standalone in VirusTotal) represents only a single slice of that layered protection paradigm. The layers work in concert to alert our customers of potential threats (reducing FNs), and working together to build a complete story of a potential threat (reducing FPs). "Fortunately, the samples highlighted on Twitter are interesting corner cases, but are extremely esoteric for our customer base. Nevertheless, we continually are doing more research to improve our detection ratio and reduce our false positive rate. This involves data gathering to increase our model's understanding of the universe of benign and malicious software as well as a huge amount of experimentation effort to maximize our model's performance. We put a great amount of attention on addressing known false positives seen by our customers. As a result of these efforts, we regularly release models to our customers and to VirusTotal. And, we continue to work with 3rd parties to validate our model's performance on real files."
Dr. Sven Krasser, CrowdStrike:
The number 24 on Max Duffy's back carried some deep motivation for the AFL debutant at Simonds Stadium on Saturday night.
It was on the 24th day of January in 2011 when one of his best mates, 17-year-old Stephen Rigg, passed away in his father Phil's arms at Royal Perth Hospital.
Eight days earlier the budding Perth Cricket Club star had suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed on the pitch at Fletcher Park while batting.
Duffy received number 24 after Freo drafted him in 2012 which signified the day Stephen had passed. He keeps a memorial card from Stephen's funeral in his locker.
The 21-year-old forward also donated half of Saturday's match payment to HeartKids Western Australia, a charity dedicated to providing support, encouragement and hope to families of children with heart disease.
An emotional Duffy was visibly moved when asked about his friend after the game in Geelong.
When he collected himself, he couldn't get a lot out, but it was clear what Stephen meant to him.
“I'm going to donate half my match payment to HeartKids WA on behalf of Stephen,” Duffy said.
“I'm proud, proud to have done it. It's been a long build but I'm proud to have played and to have done it for him is very good.”
Phil Rigg made the long trip to Geelong to watch his son's mate realise a dream.
After family, he was the second person Duffy called last week to reveal the news of his debut.
“He rang me in my office on Thursday, and that's when I became a Dockers' fan,” Rigg said.
“He could have played it at Subiaco but chose Geelong, so we travelled across the other side of Australia, but I wouldn't have missed it for the world.
“Max and Stephen have been great mates all the way through, and Max kept on coming into hospital seeing him, wishing him well and trying to get him better, but he just couldn't.”
Duffy kicked two goals after coming on as the substitute in the third quarter, which Rigg said would have left Stephen incredibly proud.
“I know my son was looking down on him tonight, hence I think Max played pretty well,” he said.
Rigg said his family has been blown away by Max wearing the number 24 and the gesture to donate half of his match payment.
“For a young man of Max's age, it is just a phenomenal thing to do and I'm so very thankful for it,” he said.
“It really does give you faith in the young community coming through. Max is a quality bloke, always has been, always will be.
“It just means everything to us because every day is a struggle with us to get through for my wife and my other son Benjamin, and for this to happen is just fantastic.”
Now, scandals are nothing new in Washington. From sex to taxes, it is almost impossible not to find some scandal or other from which to try to smear your political opponents. However, one must always be careful when picking the scandal from which to attack. In particular, one should never attack if either tied directly to the scandal, or worse, knew about it months beforehand.
When the Republicans cried foul over the IRS scrutiny over conservative non-profits, despite liberal groups being similarly targeted, they claimed surprise and outrage over the IRS's enforcement of the law. The problem is that by claiming surprise, they also undid their own argument. In truth, this was not a surprise to the Republican leadership at all.
On June 28th, 2012, Congressman Darryll Issa, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, sent a letter to the IRS discussing just this very thing, the IRS's targeting of non-profit groups based on their names. In that letter, sent to the IRS's Inspector General J. Russel George, Chairman Issa referred to two older news articles, “IRS Accused of ‘Intimidation Campaign' Against Tea Party Groups” by Susan Jones and released on March 7th, 2012, and “IRS Oversight Reignites Tea Party Ire” by Janie Lorber and released on March 8th, 2012. And when confronted over this issue, the chairman was quick to retreat, admitting to Bloomberg that he knew of, and in fact was embedded with the investigation when it began last year.
Here's the video:
In other words, the sitting Republican Chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee was fully aware of, and involved in, this scandal before even the President was given notice. Representative Issa however does brush over that the IRS commissioner was not serving at the leisure of President Obama, but was instead a George Bush appointee, which was carried over with the administration change. Due to the Chairman's deep involvement in the investigation to this scandal since last year, that it raises a lot of questions.
The senior GOP leadership knew of such an investigation before the November election. They knew that the investigation was involving government intrusion into the Tea Party groups. They could have easily turned this into an election year issue, throwing the president off-guard before the critical debates. Why did they not do this?
The only logical answer is that they did not care about the Tea Party, or its members. They knew that the Tea Party was in their pocket, and would always vote for them in November. They had nowhere else to go. But now, they are facing civil war among their ranks between their crony capitalists and their tea party neo-libertarians. This late attack on the IRS is nothing but an attempt to pander to the tea party, to prevent them from flat out rejecting the party en masse.
And the Tea Party isn't buying it. Already affiliated groups are rejecting the Republican defense and going on the attack against the GOP establishment. The Republicans only stepped up to defend the Tea Party when it was convenient, and otherwise ignore them entirely.
This scandal is not about the Obama administration, it is about the Republican party hiding this information from those it claims as its base until politically expedient. The Republican party does not care about the Tea Party, and will never give more than lip service to their issues. They only want the Tea Party to vote for them, and otherwise ignore the group.
So one must ask, will the Tea Party wake up and realize that they are being used by the party bosses of the GOP? And if so, what will they do about it?
Nathaniel Downes is the son of a former state representative of New Hampshire, now living in Seattle Washington.
Feel free to follow Nathaniel Downes on Facebook.
UPDATE: Our gnomes and goblins are putting the finishing touches on a few products for this year's BlizzCon 2016 online merchandise sale, so it's now scheduled to begin on October 12. Visit our sneak peek for more info, including a sneak peek at what's coming to the store.
We know not everyone can make it to Anaheim for BlizzCon, but thanks to a fusion of protoss warp technology, dimension-ripping goblin engineering, and cutting-edge Vishkar teleportation techniques, you can join the fun no matter where you are in the universe—introducing the BlizzCon 2016 Virtual Ticket!
BUY VIRTUAL TICKET
The BlizzCon Virtual Ticket is your personal online and mobile portal to this year's show, taking place Friday, November 4 and Saturday, November 5—and it's available to order now for $39.99 USD.
The Virtual Ticket grants you access to two online channels of live-streaming HD coverage on both days of the show, and features all of the developer panels on the main and panel stages, exclusive in-depth interviews, the epic closing ceremony, the community contests on Friday evening, and more. You'll also be able to watch on-demand replays for at least three weeks after the show.
Bonus BlizzCon Loot
The Virtual Ticket will also unlock a collection of in-game goodies for multiple Blizzard games, including World of Warcraft, Diablo III, Hearthstone, StarCraft II, Heroes of the Storm, and Overwatch—stay tuned for more details.*
Once again, Virtual Ticket buyers also have the option to snag their own BlizzCon 2016 Goody Bag—only this year, it's a Goody Bag in a Box—featuring an assortment of items to commemorate the occasion. Inside this crate full of collectibles, you'll find limited-edition stein to raise in celebration of our 10th BlizzCon together, along with a treasure trove of real-world loot based on your favorite Blizzard games.
This box of goodies is available to pre-purchase now through the Blizzard Gear Store for an additional $35 USD (plus tax, shipping, and applicable fees; limit 1 per Virtual Ticket). Supplies are limited , so be sure to claim one while you can. Click here to see what's inside and learn more about how to order.
The Virtual Ticket also grants you access to our limited-time online BlizzCon merchandise sale that kicks off before the show. This year's sale is scheduled to run from October 12 through November 6, and features a selection of commemorative items debuting at the show.** Stay tuned for more details about what we're stocking in this year's store.
Free Opening Ceremony and Esports Streams
Even if you don't purchase a Virtual Ticket, you'll still be able to catch tons of BlizzCon content online for free. Coverage of the BlizzCon opening ceremony and this year's BlizzCon esports tournaments—including the global finals for the StarCraft II World Championship Series, Hearthstone World Championship, World of Warcraft Arena World Championship, Heroes of the Storm Fall Championship, and more—will be streamed for free in HD at www.blizzcon.com.
To order a Virtual Ticket, head to the Virtual Ticket page. For more information, read the FAQ below.
*Diablo III in-game content for PC/Mac version only. To redeem Overwatch in-game content for PlayStation 4 or Xbox One, players must link their Battle.net account to a PlayStation Network® account or Xbox Live® account respectively. For more information on account linking, visit https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/linking-your-battlenet-account-on-consoles.
**While supplies last. All orders will be shipped from the United States. lnternational shipping rates may apply.
BlizzCon® 2016 Virtual Ticket FAQ
What is the BlizzCon® 2016 Virtual Ticket?
The BlizzCon 2016 Virtual Ticket offers comprehensive live HD coverage of Blizzard Entertainment's two-day gaming celebration, taking place November 4 and 5, via a multichannel Internet stream.
When you purchase the Virtual Ticket, you'll be able to switch freely between multiple high-definition (up to 720p) channels dedicated to different areas of BlizzCon, allowing viewers expanded access to the content they're most interested in. The Virtual Ticket grants you complete access to the main stage and panel stage channels, featuring the following BlizzCon content:
Developer Panels: Get the latest news and firsthand developer insight into the creation of your favorite Blizzard games.
Get the latest news and firsthand developer insight into the creation of your favorite Blizzard games. Exclusive Interviews: Dig deeper into the Warcraft, StarCraft, Diablo, and Overwatch universes in exclusive interviews with Blizzard developers.
Dig deeper into the Warcraft, StarCraft, Diablo, and Overwatch universes in exclusive interviews with Blizzard developers. Costume and Talent Contests: Get a great view of the creativity on display in the legendary BlizzCon Costume Contest and epic Talent Contest.
Get a great view of the creativity on display in the legendary BlizzCon Costume Contest and epic Talent Contest. Closing Ceremony: Be there for the closing festivities on Saturday night, celebrating two full days of Blizzard gaming and community.
Limited high-definition coverage of the opening ceremony and BlizzCon esports tournaments will be available online for free, including the Global Finals of the 2016 StarCraft® II World Championship Series, World of Warcraft® Arena World Championship, Hearthstone® World Championship, Heroes of the Storm® Fall Championship, and more. Keep an eye on www.blizzcon.com for more information.
If I order the BlizzCon 2016 Virtual Ticket, will I receive the commemorative BlizzCon 2016 in-game goodies?
Yes, Virtual Ticket holders will also receive commemorative BlizzCon 2016 in-game goodies for World of Warcraft, StarCraft II, Diablo III, Hearthstone, Heroes of the Storm, and Overwatch (details to be announced at a later date). The goodies will be linked to the Battle.net account used to purchase or redeem the Virtual Ticket, and will be available in-game at or before the start of BlizzCon. Stay tuned for more information.
Note that to redeem the Overwatch in-game content for PlayStation 4 or Xbox One, players must link their Battle.net account to a PlayStation Network® account or Xbox Live® account respectively. For more information on account linking, visit https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/linking-your-battlenet-account-on-consoles. Diablo III in-game content is available on PC and Mac only.
Once I purchase my Virtual Ticket, how do I pre-purchase an optional BlizzCon 2016 Goody Bag in a Box?
This year, Virtual Ticket buyers have the option to purchase one “Goody Bag in a Box”—and just like the name implies, it's a lot like the usual BlizzCon Goody Bag, only in a box instead of a bag.
Once you've completed your Virtual Ticket purchase or redeemed your Virtual Ticket code, log in to the Blizzard Gear Store (http://gear.blizzard.com) using the same Battle.net account. Look for the callout on the front page, or click BlizzCon 2016 in the top navigation bar, where you'll be able to pre-purchase (limit 1 per Virtual Ticket and Battle.net account).
Please note that supplies are limited , and buying a Virtual Ticket does *not* guarantee that you'll be able to also buy a Goody Bag in a Box. Orders will be shipped closer to the start of BlizzCon. For more information, see the Goody Bag in a Box FAQ.
Will replays of Virtual Ticket content be available after BlizzCon is over?
Yes! Anyone with a Virtual Ticket will be able to access on-demand replays of the main and panel stage streams for at least three weeks after the end of the event. VODs of the esports events will also be available for free.
How will I access the BlizzCon online merchandise sale for Virtual Ticket buyers?
The pre-BlizzCon merchandise for BlizzCon attendees and Virtual Ticket holders is scheduled to begin October 12.
After purchasing or redeeming a code for a Virtual Ticket, your Battle.net account will automatically be flagged to get access to the merchandise sale when it begins. Visit www.blizzcon.com closer to the sale for more information.
Please note that items purchased in this sale will be shipped from the United States. Not all countries may be eligible to participate, and international shipping rates and other fees may apply. For more information, see the Blizzard Gear Store Shipping article on our support site.
How do I order the Virtual Ticket?
You can order the Virtual Ticket directly through the Battle.net Shop. Be sure to make your purchase on the Battle.net account you wish to use to watch the show, receive the in-game goodies, and access the “Goody Bag in a Box” presale and BlizzCon merchandise sale. Also make sure you have a valid, updated payment method associated with your Battle.net account. If you do not yet have a Battle.net account, you can create one for free on the Battle.net website.
How can I watch online?
You can watch the Virtual Ticket streams directly through BlizzCon.com. You'll also be able to download the free BlizzCon 2016 mobile app (coming soon) and watch Virtual Ticket content there—stay tuned for more information.
In what languages will the Virtual Ticket Internet stream be available?
The BlizzCon 2016 Virtual Ticket Internet stream and DIRECTV broadcast will be available in English only.
In which regions are the Virtual Ticket available for purchase?
The BlizzCon Virtual Ticket is available through the Battle.net Shop in the Americas, Europe, Russia, Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan, Korea, and Southeast Asia (pricing and availability varies by region). The Virtual Ticket will also be available in China (sold separately). Keep in mind the Virtual Ticket stream purchased through the Battle.net Shop will be available only in English.
What are the system requirements and minimum bandwidth requirements to view the live stream?
We'll have more information on the system requirements and minimum bandwidth requirements to view the stream closer to the event.
Do I need to purchase a Virtual Ticket if I've already purchased a ticket to attend BlizzCon in person?
Live BlizzCon attendees also get a Virtual Ticket with their BlizzCon ticket purchase. BlizzCon ticket purchasers should have already received a code (one per ticket purchased) which can be used to unlock the Virtual Ticket and associated perks on a single Battle.net account. These codes were emailed directly to the BlizzCon ticket purchaser, so check with the person who bought your ticket if you haven't yet received your code.
I plan to purchase the BlizzCon 2016 Pay Per View event through DIRECTV. Do I need to purchase the Virtual Ticket separately to also watch online?
For those who opt to purchase the BlizzCon 2016 DIRECTV Pay Per View (coming soon), the Virtual Ticket Internet stream will be included with your order. After ordering through DIRECTV, you will receive an email from DIRECTV containing a code that will grant one Battle.net account access to the Virtual Ticket and associated bonuses. You will be able to redeem your code here—just make sure to redeem the code using the Battle.net account on which you wish to receive your in-game goodies.
Note that the DIRECTV Pay Per View broadcast is not included with purchases of the Virtual Ticket made through the Battle.net Shop. More information on the DIRECTV BlizzCon 2016 Pay Per View event, including how to order through DIRECTV, will be available at a later date.
Investigators in three cities are looking into large fires at Orthodox churches that occurred around the religion's Easter celebrations and caused widespread damage.
The blazes in New York City, as well as Melbourne and Sydney in Australia, caused only minor injuries, according to multiple reports.
The New York City conflagration on Sunday at the Trinity Chapel Complex that was host to the Serbian Orthodox Church in Manhattan produced dramatic images of flames shooting through windows that filled social media.
@cnnbrk NYC Serbian Orthdox Cathedral of Saint Saba just burned down in front of me. #FDNY on the scene. pic.twitter.com/feSd8P9aOG — steven puppo (@STEVE_FLASH) May 1, 2016
Oh my God A video posted by Chase Key (@chasealexanderkey) on May 1, 2016 at 4:18pm PDT
FDNY investigators haven't given any indication yet what started the blaze, reports CBS New York. Only the church caretaker was injured when he rushed in to try and put the fire out, which began shortly after parishioners had wrapped up Easter celebrations at the cathedral.
"My stepfather (the church caretaker) was in there, but he's fine. He just has smoke inhalation so everybody left thank God," parishioner Alex Elic told CBS New York.
FDNY Commissioner Daniel Nigro called it a very sad day.
"No one has been injured, there is no one reported missing, and that's the good news for today. The bad news is this church has been destroyed by fire," he said.
A church priest, Father Djokan Majstorovic, says he felt like he was "in a nightmare" as he tried to get to the fire scene that was blocked off by firefighters.
The church was built in the early 1850s and was designated a city landmark in 1968.
In Sydney, a large blaze destroyed the Macedonian Orthodox Church in the Rockdale neighborhood on Monday, reports The Sydney Morning Herald. Three firefighters were injured battling the blaze when bricks fell on them as parts of the building separated.
The Guardian reports the Sydney church was around 126 years old.
A large fire has destroyed a church and forced the evacuation of residents from a nursing home in Rockdale overnight https://t.co/vr0fICYIDi — smh.com.au (@smh) May 1, 2016
In Melbourne, the 115-year-old Holy Church of Annunciation, a Greek Orthodox church, was heavily damaged by a fire that was ultimately contained to the roof, reports The Guardian.
Victoria's oldest Greek Orthodox Church has been damaged after a fire erupted in the roof https://t.co/odLC1AjoCL pic.twitter.com/Ha2WTeYw7R — Herald Sun (@theheraldsun) May 2, 2016
While officials have not linked any of the fires, Orthodox religious ceremonies frequently involve lots of candles, leading an Australian worshiper to speculate to the Sydney Morning Herald the causes may be innocent.
"[It's] Orthodox Easter at the moment, and who knows, maybe candles left? Never know," the church member said.
Just in time for Halloween, LEGO has released a first look at its new Ghostbusters Firehouse set!
With a whopping 4,634 pieces, the iconic two-story firehouse set features a laboratory, living quarters, a containment unit and nine minifigures: Peter Venkman, Raymond Stantz, Egon Spengler, Winston Zeddemore, Janine Melnitz, Dana Barrett, Louis Tully, Zombie Driver and Library Ghost, and also includes Slimer, Pink Ghost and Blue Ghost — all of which you can slide down the fire pole.
The firehouse, which will retail for $349.99 on shop.LEGO.com, features opening walls for easy play access, like when you want to run tests on Louis in the lab to see if he's possessed, or secure ghosts in the containment unit. Seriously, this.
The LEGO Ghostbusters Firehouse, pictured below against the film's actual firehouse, is slated to be released in January 2016.
The Stata Clock isn't your ordinary clock - it doesn't tell time. Instead, it keeps you connected to those who matter most, exchanging time for location. The Stata Clock tells you where the people in your life spend their time, with each hand representing a person in your connection circle and each segment of the clock face corresponding to a destination. As the people in your life proceed throughout their day, the clock hands mimic their movements, traveling to and from destinations like “Work” and “Home.”
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Mashable, Digital Trends, Now This, Android Authority, Adafruit's Show And Tell, Teen Vogue, Seventeen Magazines and many more!
It's time to upgrade our connected experiences, making the digital world tangible and human. Our connections with those who matter most should manifest in the physical world and feel personal. As inventors and technologists, our mission is to bring modern technology into the homes of everyone with a human-centric approach to connected devices. As craftsmen and artisans, we believe that experience should be beautiful.
The Stata Clock is a truly whimsical device that combines functionality with wonder, and gives owners a sense of peaceful connectedness. Made from exquisite materials with a modern, minimalist design, the Stata Clock is more than a connected device, it's a statement piece of art for your home. We are confident that once you live with the Stata Clock, you will find it transcends it's functionality to become a cherished piece of furniture.
The Stata Clock is designed to connect you to an intimate circle of those who matter most. Therefore, it had to be beautiful enough to warrant a permanent place on your wall. Our clock face is made from ½ inch oak plywood and laser-engraved with twelve, unique destinations. The face is stained and finished with a matte polyurethane.
Designed for artistic impact and durability, the aluminum hands are anodized and dyed with your choice of metallic or primary tones.
The Stata Clock wall-hanging device works in conjunction with our Stata Clock mobile app. Mobile devices broadcast their geolocation coordinates to our secure server, which acts simply as a proxy, relaying those coordinate to your at-home Stata Clock device. No need to stare at a tiny map on your phone or request an update, the Stata Clock is always waiting for new coordinates and displays the whereabouts of your friends and family as a piece of wall-hanging art.
In order to connect people to your Stata Clock device, friends and family can download our Stata Clock app, create an account and add locations in their mobile app. Your clock uses those locations to determine where your family and friends are located throughout their day.
Setting up the Stata Clock is a simple two-step process. Using Bluetooth Low Energy technology, we make it easy to connect the Stata Clock to your home wifi network
The Stata Clock app tracks significant geolocation updates and sends that data to your Stata Clock device. User's are never required to update their locations manually and once downloaded, a user will barely notice it running in the background. Our simple mobile experience uses minimal battery power and makes staying connected effortless.
We believe in privacy, which is why we put you in control of your data. Each Stata Clock has its own data storage, which means as soon as we pass along each user's geolocation updates, we remove it from our system, making you the only owner of that data.
The Stata Clock icons were thoughtfully designed to be language-agnostic, minimalist and informative. Created with simplicity and versatility in mind, below is a detailed explanation of each icon and when a user would appear at that destination.
Want more customization? The full-custom or semi-custom Stata Clock (only available for KS backers) lets you choose 7 of the 12 icons on your clock. We require the following locations: Home, In Transit, Out, Abroad, and Lost, but you can choose the rest! Below is the full list of possible icons. If you have ideas for more icons you would like to see made available, please let us know!
The Stata Clock is the first at-a-glance connected device designed and built with human-centric engineering. Using principles from cognitive neuroscience, we designed The Stata Clock to transcend language.
As humans, our ability to rapidly gather information from an image far exceeds our ability to digest the same information in the form of written text. The Stata Clock uses familiar visual cues, such as eye-catching colors and a radial layout, along with audio triggers, to create a dynamic display of data that can be processed by the human brain in a fraction of the time of traditional digital displays.
What we really love about The Stata Clock is that it's not a static piece of art - the arms and clock face are easily interchangeable. This way, if you get tired of the current design or redecorate your home, your clock can be upgraded and modified. Currently, we offer two different clock faces and two different sets of clock hands. However, we hope to offer many more styles and custom options in the future. If you purchase an Stata Clock during the Kickstarter campaign, you will be able to select your finish and colors after it ends.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
We have been developing the Stata Clock for almost two years, prototyping and perfecting the technology, mechanics and design.
We knew early on that we wanted our clocks to be square in shape. Why you ask? The honest truth is, because it just felt right. After every iteration, we always ended back with a square clock face.
Our graphic design team worked long and hard to create a set of icons that would simply convey their meaning and still be seen clearly from across a room. We hope to release different icon designs and the option of customization in the future.
Our engineering team has partnered with trusted, vetted suppliers around the globe to make sure our materials are of the best quality and arrive in a timely manner.
Laser cutting the gear sets and clock face. Machining the concentric axel sets. Final sanding and staining of clock face.
We knew The Stata Clock had to be beautiful enough to hang on your wall, remain functional and simple to use while still maintaining an air of wonder. Our vision of combining technology, art and furniture was no easy feat, but at long last we are ready to bring our product to everyone.
The full size Stata Clock measures 16" x 16" x 4" and weighs approximately 8lbs whereas the Stata Clock MINI measures 8" x 8" x 2.5" and weighs approximately 5lbs. Both sizes are perfect for hanging on a wall or standing on a table top. The sturdy clock frame houses all of the electronics and mechanical components of the device as well as the wall-hanger and a table-top stand.
All Kickstarter Backers will receive free location service forever. In the future, we will be charging clock owners a small yearly membership charge for our service. But as an early adopter, we will never charge you for the location proxy service we provide. Don't miss out on a chance to get this valuable offer!
Our founders are a husband-and-wife team of MIT-trained engineers. Learn more about their background, experience, and interests here.
Our founders could not have done this alone! Our team is made up of talented and experienced individuals, all of whom are passionate about our product and mission.
We want to send a special thank you to the following companies and people who supported us and provided guidance throughout the past two years, helping us get to where we are today.
About
Yep the seasons have got all mixed up!!! They like their new locations and want to stay there so they've conjured up some foes to help them with their cause. Here's where we come in, once a player has customized their character they will want to visit Wacky Village. This is where they will learn about getting tasks, battling foes, the battle buildings and more.
Once you get a task head out to the battle zones and fight some foes and try your skills at some battle buildings. Battle buildings are popping up everywhere but we can stop them or at least slow them down by entering into the buildings and take out the foes that would be released into the zones. Once players have defeated all the foes in the building victory is claimed.
Tasks and battles will help you increase your health points so the more you do the stronger you'll be. Working with friends will help out so bring some friends or make some new ones in Wonky Seasons.
Wonky Seasons is an MMORPG where players can travel to many different villages throughout the game. Every village has paths leading to other villages, battle zones, or who knows where...after all this is a WONKY game!!! The battle zones are where players can battle foes, work on tasks or just explore. Oh don't let the cute little fuzzy creatures fool you, we're making sure we will challenge players of all skill levels. Each zone/season becomes more challenging as players progress through the game with players trying to earn their way to the most difficult village, the V.E.P.
Also, it's in the villages where players will be able to shop for clothing, gadgets and medicine as well as items to customize their homesteads.
Wacky Village is the first village one will want to visit when starting a new game. Here you will learn about the BattleZones, other villages and all the wonky fun to be had.
You can reach all other villages from here, BUT, be forewarned for there are BattleZones just outside the safety of Wacky Village. .
Wacky Village is a growing community where players will be able to enjoy a WACKY concert, a hoe down or even partake in a game show.
The Village of SpringLeap is the place to be for an early spring carnival. Wonky Seasons LOVES a celebration and spring is a great time for a Renaissance Festival or maybe even a box car derby - who knows - but one thing for sure... in this village its spring fest all year!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
AutumnFalls is awesome!!! It's all about the Harvest season, so grab a basket and some gloves to harvest a pumpkin or two. Then, off for some hot spiced cider or maybe a giant caramel apple, cuz the the festivities have begun.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
If you like to just hang out by the beach all day this is the village for you. Grab some ice cream, dangle your toes in the water and jump into some summer fun. The beach party never ends in SummerSol.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Winter magic is made in this village. A hot chocolate might help you stay warm as you play in this winter carnival. Create an ice sculpture or a snowmen while hanging out with some friends.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Players will hit the road to take out the foes in twelve different battle zones that are located around each village. The foes are roaming the roads and sprouting up command centers in the battle zones, this is where players can join up with others to battle the foe.
The command centers or battle buildings are camouflaged as glaciers, rock formations, trees and flytraps. Some buildings will be more difficult then others so bring some friends to help.
Gauntlets are where the biggest and nastiest foes can be found, each village has a gauntlet to run. Just be sure to get the village medallion so you have the villagers support.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
SpringLeap BattleZone 2 - April Showers
In Wonky Seasons you can expect to stay busy, busy, busy whether it's day or night; no matter which village you're playing in, we got tasks!!! Yep you heard right, because we like a challenge, we have tasks that are nocturnal AND diurnal in every village. No worries though, the night and day cycles only run two hours each so we can still get our tasks done.
Keep a watch out for the medallion tasks; the medallions are needed to run the gauntlets (boss battles) and this is where your skills will be put to the test.
There will be plenty of fun tasks, too, that will offer bonuses throughout the game. So if you like to play games that keep you busy with tasks, you will love Wonky Seasons.
We LOVE mini-games around here, so every village will have their own mini-games. The three concepts below from left to right are the Mushroom Bounce, As the Crow Flies and the Wild Seahorse Race, but we have a LONG list of games we can't wait to play.
The Gauntlet will be testing the players skills as they navigate treacherous terrain, solve puzzles, battle waves of foes and defeat the big battle at the end of the gauntlets.
We don't recommend doing this alone so level up your gadgets, charge your medallions and grab some friends before you take on the gauntlets.
This is an exclusive village for high level players. Here players will earn new gadgets, battle new/stronger foes and shop exclusive stores available only for the most Very Experienced Players.
Just be sure to gather up a raiding party with the best of the best to run these gauntlets b'cause you're gonna need some help to get to the end of these.
Yep we love mini-games but we also love that Wonky Seasons really looks for ways to create a game within a game, within a game, within a game, phew... you get the idea. One weekend you might jump into a scavenger hunt, a wilderness trek, a mud run or maybe even a massive storm has swept through, wreaking havoc everywhere; ya' just never know.
Inspired by a trip to the AWESOME Carlsbad Caverns, we decided that some caverns were a must!!! When the night begins, the bats will be flying, sometimes dropping bonus gifts to players below, not guano, LOL. So make sure to check out the cave entrances to get in on action.
WinterTide would not be complete without some Ice Caves to explore. Rivaling The Caverns, the Ice Caves will be a must to get the V.E.P. medallion and other fun tasks.
When you're ready to get REALLY WACKY, look for a vortex to transport you to The Vortex Village - everything is really WACK-A-DOO over there; it's a topsy-turvey place to which it's origin cannot be explained. But one thing for sure, it's going to be like one big FUN HOUSE!!!
We realize some players love mini-games more than we do, so we want to have a lot of mini-games to rotate in and out of Wonky Seasons. At this level, we hope to add at least two more games to each season.
Phase One will let us start with four playable characters; our goal is to have eight playable characters to choose from so players can create their favorite character.
Reaching this level of pledges will be AMAZING!!! Ultimately our goal is to create villages that are fun and festive. Take SummerSol, for instance, In this village, players will be able to play volleyball with friends, join in the watermelon eating contests, take in a summer concert, or even run their own concession stands to help them earn experience points.
OH WOW, how fantastic this would be!!! Busting through all the stretch goals will mean we can hire more devs, artists and writers to help us get this game out the door earlier than planned. We will be looking for a release of somewhere around Feb. 2015.
The Wonky Seasons team is made up of a small group of people that love gaming, in particular, MMO's.
On our team we have experienced developers and artists that literally have worked around the globe. One member of our wacky team is our animator, "The Shark Saurabh". He snags every challenge thrown at him and makes the magic happen. Look for him in SummerSol: he just might be lurking somewhere in the waters, LOL.
Many of our staff members are student artists and developers that have proven to be nothing short of talented, passionate, amazing people. One of those artists is Beezy the Great (look for his statue in SummerSol). When he gets excited about a project, it's impossible to stop him, no really, he thrives on deadlines and mass quantities of work and he's really a fantastic member of our family. We also have a dev, "Abhi", as we call him; he's a team member that really wears many hats. No matter what we ask him to work on, he does without hesitation and with a smile on his face.
The main man on the project, Dave the "hey, Drought looks like me" Glass, has been working with computers for 16 years in development and IT, but gaming is his passion. Working on a fantastic project like Wonky Seasons is something he's been wanting to do for many years.
We should also mention our zany concept creator/writer, Linda G. She's always bringing in ideas that put the wonky in Wonky Seasons.
We've really been blessed with some amazing talent that have been working for next to nothing (really, pretty much next to nothing) but as one of them said when he first joined up; "I don't know what it is about this project, but I knew I had to be a part of it!!!" That rings true for the rest of the team, too.
We're all looking forward to creating an MMO that's different from any other.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Wonky Seasons started because it's creators saw how the closure of a popular family MMO game affected it's players. We followed many stories of kids that were heartbroken and the big void the closure of this game created.
On a more personal note, we wanted to create a platform that allows friends and family to stay connected when they are far from home due to military deployment, work or school. Heck, we are even taking into account there are grandparents out there that may not be big gamers but want to do something the grand kids like just so they can spend time together.
Wonky Seasons is striving to be that MMO; a safe place to connect, be entertained and most of all have fun!!! Because Big Job Enterprises is a small family owned and operated company, we can develop a game we think will meet those requirements. We happen to believe that the world of gaming could use an MMO that is just WACKY, WONKY, FUN!!!
We want to say thank you to Kevin MacLeod of incompetech.com for the fantastic music we found for our video.
I was working in the Lambeau Field press box late Sunday night when I stole a glance at a bank of televisions I thought were broadcasting the Pittsburgh-Denver debut of "Sunday Night Football." At that moment, on five screens hanging side-by-side, there was Detroit Lions coach Jim Schwartz sprinting down the Ford Field sideline after San Francisco 49ers coach Jim Harbaugh.
Jim Harbaugh, left, and Jim Schwartz insist they have moved on from their postgame incident from last October. Leon Halip/Getty Images
The Steelers and Broncos were still playing, but already the hype machine had moved to the following Sunday night matchup between the Lions and 49ers. Both coaches have already taken steps to push past the narrative -- Harbaugh called it "irrelevant" Monday and Schwartz said it was "long in the past" -- and I'm inclined to comply. We had our fun with their confrontation last year, and it's hard to conceive of a way it will directly impact Sunday night's game.
(What? Will Schwartz really, really, really want to win instead of just really, really? Here's what would be funny: If Harbaugh walked onto the field with his left arm tied behind his back. Ah, well. ...)
If anything, this week provides Schwartz a perfect opportunity to follow through on a pledge he made after his first season as the Lions' coach: To lower his sideline blood pressure once the Lions were consistently competitive. Here is what he said in March 2010:
"When we get this team the way we need to be, you'll see a lot different me. Because if you look at me for all my years [as a defensive assistant/coordinator] in Tennessee, I wasn't that guy with veins popping out of my head. But you can only do that when you have good players and you have confidence in them and they know you really well. We're not at that point."
It stands to reason that a good team will give its coach fewer reasons to lose his mind. The Lions have compiled a 15-6 regular-season record since December 2010. Does that meet the standard Schwartz was referencing? I'm not sure, but I do know this: keeping his cool Sunday night would be a perfect response to a nation discussing his temper.
A better question is if there is any competitive advantage to a calm sideline demeanor. Some teams feed off the energy of the head coach, especially when their key players are young, and so I can understand how in some cases it might help to let your fiery side loose.
For what it's worth, my personal preference has always been for coaches who maintain composure amid the insanity of an NFL game. It seems to me a metaphor for the entire game: Poise is preferable to the alternative, especially when "fiery" becomes a euphemism for "poor decision making." I'm not sure that an outburst has ever led Schwartz to a bad sideline decision, but his players' outbursts have without a doubt led to bad choices between the white lines.
Even Schwartz admitted in 2010 that he respected the approach of Tony Dungy and Tom Landry, two of the most successful and stoic sideline coaches in NFL history. No one can change their personality, but this will be a good week to search for glimpses of Schwartz's presumed migration.
Hello ladies, gentlemen, and creatures lurking in the shadows! This month, October, is a favorite among horror fans, such as myself. My goal for the next 31 days is to share with you the scariest and best of the genre. The films will range from old school classics to modern day gorefests (they won't be in any particular order). So scout these movies out, grab a bag of popcorn (or a blood bag) and enjoy!
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre was loosely based around the real-life psychopath Ed Gein, a nutcase who's been inspiring Hollywood for a long time (his "doings" also provided the basis for Norman Bates in Psycho and Buffalo Bill in The Silence of the Lambs). The story goes as this: Sally, her wheelchair-bound brother Franklin, and three of their friends are on their way to an old family homestead. Along the way they pick up this completely demented hitchhiker . Since he's completely bonkers (he burns a photograph on tin foil, cuts himself, cuts Franklin, and talks about "headcheese"), they kick him out of their van; later they stop by a swimming hole where they find a house. Unfortunately for them its the house belonging to the cutter, and a whole family-gone-fucked.
The film is very gritty and grimy and feels totally authentic. When the group of friends stumbles upon the farmhouse, housing some of the creepiest people in all movies, it actually feels lived in, with bones and dust covering the furniture. Despite their craziness, the villains do have a sense of home and family (however morbid each of those categories are), which makes it even scarier. Instead of one nameless killer, there's a family of them that love each other - and killing only strengthens their bond.
The whole family is demented, but the official chainsaw-weilding mascot, Leatherface, is the focal point of this kinship from hell. He personally likes to wear the skinned-off faces of his victims on his face as a mask, which is an activity that Ed Gein actually did do (he had some mommy issues). '' taps into something that is over the top, but real at the same time. Looking back, there really is hardly any blood or gore in the film despite itlike there was, which I think is a testament to its power. As in ',' your mind fills in the blanks of what's happening, and often it's your mind that's the scariest place of all.
If you're a Model S owner who has been on the wait list for a Premium Center Console solution from Tesla, raise your hand. Now, if you have a carbon fiber interior trim or obeche wood, keep your hand raised. You, my friend, are part of the group who will not be receiving your long awaited center console because Tesla has just cancelled delivery of it. Owners with the Piano Black trim will still be eligible although I'm not quite sure that's a good thing (see video at end of post).
Tesla Console Order Issues
Shortly after ordering my Model S on March 10 of 2014, I reserved a Tesla Premium Center Console with the Obeche Wood Matte Décor to match my interior trim. From that point on, the communication from Tesla merchandise, or lack there of, and actual fulfillment of the reservation was shameful.
So, what happened, according to Tesla Motors?
March 10, 2014:
We estimate that the console will be available to those recently added to the list in August.
May 2, 2014:
Consistent with that mission, we have added improved parts to the center console. The updated estimate for resuming the shipping of the consoles is currently slated for early June.
August 1, 2015:
Center consoles in other décor finishes will be available in limited quantities starting early 2015.
January 2, 2015:
We do not anticipate the console with your décor to become available until spring 2015.
May 19, 2015:
We have made the difficult decision to offer only the Piano Black Front Center Consoles on Model S.
After that tremendous wait and poor customer experience, why would anyone actually click that “PURCHASE” link?
While these fulfillment issues were taking place, Tesla meanwhile offered a Premium Rear Console (in all finishes) – something they seem to have delivered on with no quality or availability problems.
>>>> REVIEW: Tesla Model S Premium Rear Console
How is it possible for such an advanced company to screw up such a simple project like a center console?
According to forum chatter, Tesla evidently used one supplier for the front console (perhaps with an exclusivity agreement), but after experiencing quality and fulfillment issues, they switched suppliers for the rear console, but at the expense of may disappoint and frustrated Model S owners.
What is more frightening about this experience as a shareholder, Model S owner and Model X reservation holder, is that interest for the Powerwall and Model X fall into the same category as being “reservations” rather than orders. Granted, Tesla probably isn't relying on a third party aftermarket supplier to produce the Powerwall and Model X, but it still begs the question,
Can Tesla deliver on other reservation types or will we have another Console-gate on our hands?
I sincerely hope that by sticking to their wheelhouse, Tesla will be able to deliver on other new products that come along. The Model X has had at least 3 major slippages in initial delivery dates since I started tracking it.
Tesla Center Console Quality issues
During my extended wait for the factory Tesla Model S Center Console, I did a bunch of research and reading that ultimately led me to an aftermarket center console insert (CCI) solution from EVannex.
I did, however, really like the design of the cupholders in the factory Tesla center console, and the fact that both can be hidden from view. I didn't get a chance to “test” the cupholders with my beloved Dunkin' Donuts cup, but they looked like they would be up for the task.
Also the console seemed to have a lot more storage in the area near the cupholders than the EVannex CCI offering.
That's where my ‘likes' come to an abrupt halt. I didn't particularly like the phone holder area. I'd never use it, favoring the pocket on the front of my driver's seat over that. The space within the center console is not useful for much else, either open or closed — it has an odd shape, grooves etc. And when closed, you get the full piano black glare:
I had a chance to inspect the quality of the factory Tesla Model S center console solution, installed within the car, and much to my dismay, I found it to be not up to par. Keep in mind that this was a console installed by Tesla Service (the only way one can have a Tesla Console installed).
Below is my video showing the quality of the center console as seen from a Model S on the showroom floor (Paramus, NJ, April 11, 2015):
From the video you can really see the wobbliness of the unit even though I barely applied any force.
Summary
It's evident that Tesla was not prepared to take on the demand and challenges that came with their Premium Center Console offering. Yes, they ran into delivery and quality problems, but what's more disappointing is how they handled those issues.
Rather than fixing the issue by working with other third party suppliers, Tesla decided to drop much of the center console offering. This was a bad call in my opinion and sends the wrong type of message to product reservation holders.
Tesla, you can do better.
RELATED: Review of Tesla Model S center console insert (CCI)
A band councillor and former chief of the Key First Nation faces new drug and weapons charges nearly three years after he pleaded guilty to drug trafficking.
Officers arrested Clarence Papequash, 64, on Tuesday after executing a warrant at a home on the First Nation, according to an RCMP news release. He is charged with five counts of drug possession for the purpose of trafficking, four firearms charges and one count of possession of property obtained by crime.
In an interview on Wednesday, Key First Nation Chief Rodney Brass said he suspended Papequash from his position on the band council “effective immediately” as soon as the RCMP informed him of the charges.
Papequash stepped down as the band's chief in 2014 after pleading guilty to drug trafficking; he was later re-elected as a band councillor.
“We're very thankful for the RCMP's work,” Brass said, noting drugs are a serious issue for the First Nation.
“I take this as a day of victory,” Brass said.
In 2014, while he was chief, Papequash pleaded guilty to drug trafficking after being recorded selling half a morphine pill to an undercover police officer. He received a six-month conditional sentence. Papequash had also previously worked as a drug counsellor. The judge who sentenced him had harsh words for him in court.
“He violated his obligations to his community, and his loss of the leadership position is an appropriate repercussion from these illegal activities,” Justice Jennifer Pritchard wrote in her 20-page decision.
Papequash is scheduled to appear on the new charges in Yorkton provincial court on Feb. 22.
The Key First Nation is located about 340 kilometres east of Saskatoon.
An FBI sting investigating misconduct at Los Angeles County jails led to the arrest of 18 current and former sheriff's deputies Monday on a range of charges, including conspiracy and obstruction, a federal prosecutor said.
“The five cases allege a wide scope of illegal conduct,” said André Birotte Jr., U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California. “This investigation started by focusing on misconduct in county jails, and we uncovered examples of civil rights violations that included excessive force and unlawful arrests.”
The FBI has been investigating reports of excessive force since 2011.
According to the Los Angeles Times, officials were being investigated for allegedly trying to hide an informant who was giving the FBI information after finding the cell phone he had been using to document officer offenses. They allegedly changed the name he had been held under several times and questioned him repeatedly about whether he would testify in an investigation. Sheriff's officials say he wasn't being hidden from the FBI but rather protected after he had been outed.
Police push journalists back away from Zuccotti Park as the raid begins.
NYPD Commissioner Raymond Kelly has issued an internal message ordering officers not to unreasonably interfere with media access during news coverage and warning those who do will be subject to disciplinary action.
The message being read at police precincts citywide Wednesday came after journalists, including two from The Associated Press, were arrested covering Occupy Wall Street protests.
A coalition of media outlets, including the AP, sent a letter protesting the treatment. The media also argued police wrongly blocked journalists from seeing when authorities cleared out the Occupy camp in lower Manhattan's Zuccotti Park.
The police department's letter was provided to the AP. The AP and representatives of The New York Times, the Daily News, the New York Post and the National Press Photographers Association met with Kelly on Wednesday.
One Year Later: Occupy Wall Street Protests
Related Analysis: Zuccotti Eviction Was Right Decision, but Press Treated Unfairly (Gabe Pressman)
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Scientists call for Tasmanian devils to be reintroduced as mainland predators to combat feral cats
Updated
Tasmanian Devils could soon be released into a mainland national park to compete with feral cats.
The Victorian Government is considering releasing the animals into the state's Wilsons Promontory National Park in an attempt to re-establish an ecological balance between feral cats, foxes and native wildlife.
Scientists say a bold management approach such as this is needed to save threatened species as a lack of large predators on the Australian mainland has allowed feral cats and foxes to decimate native wildlife populations and threatened species.
Feral cats have been in Australia for more than 100 years but mammalogist Professor Tim Flannery said their devastating impact on native wildlife has grown since recent pest management programs have decreased fox populations.
"As we have started to drive down fox populations by using bait... the next largest predator, the feral cat, has popped up because it [has taken] advantage of an ecological niche that has opened up for it," he said.
"The [Tasmanian] devil is a scavenger; it may take food from feral cats or foxes at certain times of the year that may limit their reproductive success, it may compete for nesting spaces and take their young.” Professor Tim Flannery
Reintroducing top predators into the food chain is seen as an emerging frontier in environmental management throughout the world.
The strategy was also explored by Professor Flannery in his book The Future Eaters, published in 1994.
"The reason I chose the Tasmanian devil and the Komodo dragon is that they are large Australian native predators that still survive on offshore islands... the thought was that [if reintroduced] they will start interacting with the mesocarnivores - the foxes and feral cats - and start perhaps having some impact," Professor Flannery said.
"The [Tasmanian] devil is a scavenger; it may take food from feral cats or foxes at certain times of the year that may limit their reproductive success, it may compete for nesting spaces and take their young."
Feral cats the biggest threat facing Australian mammal populations
The Action Plan for Australian Mammals, released in June by the CSIRO, estimated there are 15 million feral cats in Australia and listed them as the number one threat to Australian mammals.
The organisation also predicted 63 Australian species will become extinct unless action is taken.
Lead author of the plan, Professor John Woinarski, said Australia's current rate of extinction in is one or two mammals per decade.
"Over the next couple of decades we will probably lose another four to five species," he said.
"Eradication of cats is a dream until at least the next decade so we need to manipulate the landscape in a way that will reduce their predation pressure to a level where native animals can sustain that pressure."
Wilsons Promontory to be first testing ground
The bold strategy of introducing Tasmanian devils as predators could soon take place for the first time in Victoria's Wilsons Promontory National Park.
Victorian Minister for Environment and Climate Change Ryan Smith has told Radio National's Background Briefing program that a risk assessment has already been completed and a proposal is being prepared for the Government.
University of Tasmania's Professor Chris Johnson believes Tasmanian devils belong on the Australian mainland.
"Devils were widespread on the mainland until quite recently. They were extinct by the time the British arrived but it might not have been long before that there were plenty of devils in Victoria," he said.
Professor Johnson said new research in Tasmania suggests that in areas where the devils have declined due to the facial tumour disease, feral cats have either increased in abundance or become more active.
"There has been some recent camera trap work that shows that the presence of devils makes it more likely that cats will not be present," he said.
"There are no extinctions of wildlife in Tasmania that we can blame on the feral cat but there are on mainland Australia.
"So we could create a better functioning ecosystem in places like Wilsons Prom by putting a large predator like the devil back into that system."
Federal Environment Minister Greg Hunt has announced a 10-year action plan to eradicate feral cat populations.
But when asked about the proposed Tasmanian devil release into Wilsons Promontory, Mr Hunt said he was not aware of the plans but was open to the idea.
"I would want to firstly see the support of the Victorian Government and the support of the relevant park authorities and associations," he said.
"Secondary, you would need to do an environmental impact statement to understand the implications and impacts."
Concern raised over unpredictable outcomes
University of Melbourne Associate Professor Michael McCarthy said while releasing Tasmanian devils onto the mainland has some potential, the ecological effects are unpredictable.
"There is still no conclusive scientific evidence that releasing top-order predators onto the mainland will suppress pest species," he said.
"Essentially the low densities of foxes in Tasmania mean that the whole predator dynamics are very different to what they are on the mainland."
"Any program needs to be proceeded with caution and trials need to be carried out in contained areas using fenced reserves and the experiment needs to be replicated several times in different environments." Associate Professor Michael McCarthy
"Devils are the same 'trophic level' as foxes; they are likely to reduce cat numbers and change cat behaviour but the interactions are still uncertain.
"Any program needs to be proceeded with caution and trials need to be carried out in contained areas using fenced reserves and the experiment needs to be replicated several times in different environments."
Professor Tim Flannery agrees that any devil release needs to be tested first.
"Let's fence an area with both cats and foxes and introduce a single-sex group of devils and study what happens because it's good science that is going to inform us," he said.
"While we do have a sense of what will happen, we still actually need to demonstrate that on the ground."
But Australian Wildlife Conservancy's chief scientist Sarah Legge, who is currently on the front line of the mammal extinction wave, is calling for urgent action.
"We need to go down the radical road of releasing a disease and introducing Tasmanian devils. We have evidence that dingoes suppress the impacts of cats by changing their behaviour and density," she said.
"Baiting is not a silver bullet. There are some circumstances where you can use baits successfully, [such as] when cats are hungry, and you may be able to knock them down but other things also take bait and you might be knocking down dingoes.
"You are then taking out the top predator in the system which is two steps forward and two steps back."
Topics: pest-management, pests, endangered-and-protected-species, environmental-impact, environmental-management, vic
First posted
QR Code Link to This Post
The room I am offering up for rent is a room for my cats. I am not going to lie, there is cat litter and droppings all over the room as I have not cleaned it since the middle of January. There is a twin bed on it which about 5 cats sleep in. You are welcome to share it with them, but you must NOT disturb them, as it is their place before yours. You are welcome to clean up some of the droppings, but you must leave most of the cat litter in place in the room, as there will not be much more room in the house for the cats to do their business otherwise. I am not going to lie, sometimes I wake up and have cat litter all over my body, but studies show that it is extremely sterile and will not cause you any sickness if you bathe daily and keep clean.If interested, please send me an email explaining your situation, and writing a short blurb (essay, history, poem, whatever) about your love of cats. I reserve the right to revoke your room (with a refund) at any time if I feel that my cats are more depressed or are not enjoying your company.
PSP & PS Vita Skype Support Ending on June 22
Sony announced on the European and Japanese PlayStation sites yesterday that Skype support will be ending on June 22 for PlayStation Vita and PlayStation Portable.
As PlayStation Online Support's KingGobbo explained, the Skype app was also removed from the PlayStation Store on Tuesday:
On 22 June 2016, Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. will end support for the Skype application for PlayStation Vita and the Skype feature for PSP (PlayStation Portable). From 22 March 2016, the Skype application for PlayStation Vita will be removed from PlayStation Store. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and we appreciate your understanding.
How often do you use Skype on your PS Vita? Will you miss it?
[Source: PlayStation (1), (2) via NeoGAF]
Today's post is inspired by an email from Casey, who wondered about a couple of issues in the movie Ghostbusters. Specifically, was Ray Stantz really a “duly-designated representative of the City, County and State of New York” with any kind of legal authority to order Gozer the Gozerian to leave the city? And did the EPA have a legal basis for shutting down the Ghostbusters' containment unit?
I. Were the Ghostbusters Duly-Designated Representatives of New York?
It's pretty strongly implied in the movie that the mayor of New York authorizes the Ghostbusters to deal with the threat posed by Gozer. That much covers the city.
Moving one level up, we turn to the county. The five boroughs of New York City are each coterminous with a county. For example, New York County covers the same area as Manhattan. The New York County government is pretty vestigial, with most ordinarily-county-level functions handled by the city. There are some borough-level officials, such as the Manhattan Borough President's office, but it has a comparatively tiny budget and is mostly concerned with land use and zoning. Still, there's no reason to think that the Ghostbusters couldn't be appointed to represent New York County as well.
Finally there's the state level. New York City obviously has a fair amount of clout in the state of New York, and we suspect the Mayor would have no trouble convincing the governor to give the Ghostbusters state authority in this situation, especially since it was geographically confined to New York City.
So what kind of authorization could there be? One possibility is that the Ghostbusters could have been made emergency special deputies “for the protection of human life and property during an emergency.” N.Y. County Law § 655. That would give the Ghostbusters the powers of regular police officers. Not actually very helpful against an ancient Sumerian deity, but it's something. At the very least the qualified immunity would potentially prevent them from being personally liable for collateral damage.
Strictly speaking, all of this state authority would have little effect on the EPA's jurisdiction (to the extent it has any) or the federal government's ability to arrest the Ghostbusters or order the shutdown of their facility, but we can assume that the Regional Director of the EPA (actually titled the Regional Administrator), who was present at the mayor's office, took care of all that.
II. Are Ghosts a Pollutant?
Walter Peck, from the EPA's “third district,”* thinks the Ghostbusters are scam artists using dangerous chemicals to produce hallucinations and storing hazardous materials in their headquarters. He alleges that they are in criminal violation of the Environmental Protection Act**, and for some reason, this leads him to shut off the containment grid, resulting in all of the captured ghosts being released.
* The EPA actually divides the country into regions. Region 2 covers New York.
** There is no such federal law in the United States. Federal environmental law is a hodgepodge of laws: the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, just to name some of the big ones. There's no Environmental Protection Act, though.
Peck is wrong about the Ghostbusters, but if they were storing and releasing hallucinogenic substances then that could qualify as pollution. For example, under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (aka CERCLA aka Superfund) “pollutant or contaminant”
shall include, but not be limited to, any element, substance, compound, or mixture, including disease-causing agents, which after release into the environment and upon exposure, ingestion, inhalation, or assimilation into any organism, either directly from the environment or indirectly by ingestion through food chains, will or may reasonably be anticipated to cause death, disease, behavioral abnormalities, cancer, genetic mutation, physiological malfunctions (including malfunctions in reproduction) or physical deformations, in such organisms or their offspring
42 U.S.C. § 9601(33). That's pretty dang broad and would definitely include hallucinogenic gases.
One problem with Peck's actions is that most of the enforcement mechanisms for pollution control are civil, not criminal, and even in the criminal case there would have to be a trial before any penalties could be assessed. In fact, it would probably be easier and faster for the EPA to get a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction in a civil case than to seek criminal penalties.
But we can gloss over all of those issues. What we really want to know is whether ghosts could qualify as a pollutant. Of course, for most purposes nothing is a pollutant unless it is discharged into the environment, and the Ghostbusters were doing a good job of preventing that. But were the ghosts at least a potential pollutant?
I think they could be, at least under some environmental laws. The fact that ghosts are, in some sense, living organisms doesn't seem to matter. For example, disease-causing organisms such as viruses and bacteria can be considered pollutants for purposes of the Clean Water Act. 33 U.S.C. § 1362(13) (defining “toxic pollutant” to include disease-causing agents that cause, among other things, behavior abnormalities); 66 C.F.R. 2960 (describing pathogens as a “leading pollutant” in bodies of water). The Clean Air Act likewise defines “air pollutant” to include biological substances or matter that enters the air. 42 U.S.C. § 7602(g).
So it appears that the federal government could potentially regulate the release of ghosts into the environment. Since the Ghostbusters never (voluntarily) released any ghosts, however, I'm not sure the EPA would have much standing to complain.
III. Conclusion
If the movie had been written so that a ghost or two escaped the Ghostbusters' containment system, the EPA might have been on firmer legal footing. Alternatively, the EPA might have been able to go after the potential discharge of radiation from the Ghostbusters' proton packs.
Still, apart from some technical mistakes and omitted detail to keep the plot moving, the legal issues here were pretty minor. The EPA is probably the right agency, to the extent any federal agency is the correct one, and we can forgive the writers for not wanting to get bogged down with administrative hearings and settlement talks.
There are a variety of role playing games available for Windows Phone that are worth downloading and Never Future is one of them. The platform-exclusive title, developed by SneakyBox, is currently free until August 8, a perfect opportunity to try out a highly-rated experience. So head past the break, read more about this post-apocalyptic adventure and download the game for some monster bashing.
Players take control of a young archaeologist who comes across a mysterious artifact. The artifact teleports the hero to an unknown world where he's tasked with locating a way to get back home. In Never Future you will gather, sort and recycle trash in exchange for powerful upgrades. Eventually players will be able to wield weapons of ultimate trash destruction. You'll – of course – have to fight your way through the new world and put these weapons to good use.
Here are some highlighted features:
In this file photo, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasts off Sept. 21 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station with a Dragon capsule carrying cargo to the International Space Station. (Photo: SpaceX )
As soon as December, SpaceX will attempt to land a Falcon 9 rocket booster on a floating ocean platform the size of a football field, CEO Elon Musk said today.
The landing platform is being built at a Louisiana shipyard and measures 300 feet by 170 feet, Musk said during a talk at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which was streamed online.
The new infrastructure is SpaceX's next step in trying to recover a Falcon 9 booster so it can be flown again, a breakthrough Musk believes is critical to lowering launch costs.
So far, the company has twice flown boosters as tall as 14-story buildings back from space and hypersonic speeds to soft landings in the Atlantic Ocean, where they broke up.
"Unfortunately, it sort of sat there for several seconds, then tipped over and exploded," said Musk. "When a 14-story building falls over, it's quite a belly flop."
The new platform aims to give the boosters something more solid to touch down upon with landing legs that span 60 feet.
It will be positioned miles out in the Atlantic Ocean, unanchored but equipped with engines and GPS sensors that will try to keep it stable.
SpaceX must show it can repeatedly perform precise landings over water before trying to fly a rocket back to land, where a miss could have more serious consequences.
Despite the platform's "huge-ish" dimensions, Musk noted that the target "looks very tiny from space."
He estimated no better than a 50-50 chance of a successful platform landing on the first attempt. But during one of the dozen launches planned over the next year, he gave as high as 90 percent odds of a landing that would enable a rocket to reuse.
"So I think we're quite close," he said.
SpaceX's next launch of International Space Station cargo from Cape Canaveral is tentatively planned no earlier than Dec. 9. Musk hopes to use the landing platform then if it is ready.
SpaceX had previously disclosed plans to land on a "floating launch pad" or "solid surface," but no details about how it would work.
Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 or jdean@floridatoday.com.
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/1wqnhux
A A
ABERDEEN, Wash. -- The Aberdeen City Council will have to elect a new member now that certified November election results show a dead candidate won a council seat.
KXRO reports John Erak was elected five months after he died. The 81-year-old former state representative died in June after the filing period closed and his name could not be removed from ballots.
"It's called respect. They respected Mr. Erak," Aberdeen City Council member Kathi Hoder said after the election.
Hoder said she grew to admire the man when they served on council together a few years ago.
"They wanted to honor him, in a memorial kind of way, by voting him back in office," she said.
Challenger Alan Richrod was appointed to Erak's seat until the election. You might think the man who is losing would feel embarrassed, but Richrod says he's not.
"The story is, John and I were good friends, and we lived, straight line, less than a block from each other," Richrod said.
Aberdeen City Attorney Eric Nelson says the position held by Richrod becomes vacant immediately and the city council will have to pick a candidate to fill the position until the next election in 2015.
Mayor Bill Simpson encourages citizens to apply.
The good news just keeps on rolling for the Ohio State Buckeyes, as they picked up their tenth verbal pledge for the class of 2013 in the form of QB JT Barrett.
Barrett is a 6-2/205 signal caller from Rider High School in Wichita Falls, Texas. He was recently up in Columbus for an unofficial visit with his father and told us then that he had a great time, but was not ready to pull the trigger on a commitment just yet. After a few weeks of thinking, JT decided to give Urban Meyer the good news today, picking the Bucks over other schools such as LSU, Baylor, Texas Tech, Nebraska, Ole Miss, and others.
This pick up is huge for Ohio State, as Barrett is rated as one of the top quarterbacks in the country for 2013 and fits Urban Meyer's offense like a glove. He now becomes the heir apparent to Braxton Miller and will likely have the opportunity to learn under the current OSU quarterback for two seasons when he arrives in Columbus.
Barrett is the first in his position and tenth overall commit for Ohio State in a class that should number somewhere between 15-20. There is more good news sure to come on 11W over the next few days as the Spring Game approaches, so be sure to keep coming back to check the latest scoop.
HIGHLIGHTS:
Considering the ECB had appointed Trevor Bayliss as Peter Moores' successor in barely two weeks, ESPNcricinfo tries to dissect the delay in the appointment of India's new coach
Play 04:16 Play 04:16 Ugra: Ganguly keen on team director job
Duncan Fletcher's chequered term as India's head coach ended with their World Cup semi-final loss to Australia almost two months ago. His authority diminished towards the end of his stint with Ravi Shastri's appointment as team director.
With another grueling season awaiting India, starting with a tour to Bangladesh next month and culminating with the World Twenty20 in 2016, there has been no official word on Fletcher's successor.
While it is understood that the BCCI is trying to rejig the structure of the team's support staff, there has been no official word. After discussing the vacant coach position in detail with BCCI president Jagmohan Dalmiya, secretary Anurag Thakur said that the support staff for the Bangladesh tour "will be announced before June 6".
Considering the ECB appointed Trevor Bayliss as Peter Moores' successor in barely two weeks, ESPNcricinfo tries to dissect the delay in the appointment of India's new coach.
Why is there a delay in appointing a head coach?
The change of administration in the BCCI is a key factor, since the previous regime under the deposed president N Srinivasan had set the ball rolling to find a replacement for Fletcher.
Are they looking for a head coach and a team director as well?
It is still not clear whether the BCCI wants to fill both positions, or just one of them. The popular perception in the board is that a team director aided by three assistant coaches would serve the purpose. The position of team director was created for the first time when former India allrounder Ravi Shastri was appointed after India's defeat in the England Tests. Shastri had agreed to continue in the role as an interim arrangement till the end of the World Cup.
How are the two roles different?
In the six-month period when they functioned together, head coach Fletcher was in charge of preparing the team for matches. Team director Shastri was more of a facilitator between the players, the coach, the selectors and the BCCI. Most of his work was in the background, but he was responsible for the overall performance of the team.
The popular perception in the BCCI is that a team director, with three assistant coaches, would work best for the Indian team © Getty Images
Who are the contenders for the team director's role?
Sourav Ganguly and Ravi Shastri are definitely in the fray, along with a few undisclosed overseas candidates.
It is understood Shastri has the confidence of the players, who were happy with his open approach. There is no clarity on whether the BCCI has approached him or whether Shastri himself wants to carry on in the long term at the cost of his media assignments. It is understood that Ganguly has the backing of the BCCI, but the man himself said in Kolkata he would talk about it "once we get to it".
One hurdle facing BCCI and Ganguly is he is also secretary of Cricket Association of Bengal and heavily involved in its day-to-day administration. Ganguly also has lucrative contracts with various media houses and if he does pick up the team director's role, would he have to forsake his other commitments is a question BCCI needs to workout.
And the candidates for the head coach?
Since it is still not clear if the BCCI would prefer a head coach along with team director, no names have emerged so far.
Has the BCCI set a deadline for the appointment(s)?
Not really. The BCCI is prepared to wait until it finds the most suitable people. That India's next two assignments - a tour to Bangladesh in June to be followed by a limited-overs series in Zimbabwe in July - are low key gives them time to scan for the best candidate. If the new coach/ team director is not finalised before the team's departure to Dhaka on June 7, then the BCCI may well send a support staff consisting of three assistant coaches without a chief. Or they might request Shastri to continue in the team director's role for another series.
Who are involved in selecting the head coach?
BCCI president Jagmohan Dalmiya and secretary Anurag Thakur are the two main decision-makers. They are understood to have sought inputs from some former India captains including Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid, Sunil Gavaskar and Shastri himself to help them shortlist the candidates. The two captains - Dhoni (ODI and Twenty20 captain) and Virat Kohli (Test) - would suggest some names as well and are expected to play prominent roles in the process.
What happens to the current support staff?
The pair of assistant coaches Sanjay Bangar and B Arun and fielding coach R Sridhar await message from the BCCI about their future.
Amol Karhadkar is a correspondent at ESPNcricinfo. Nagraj Gollapudi is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
A high school principal in Florida was caught plagiarizing a speech to his school's recent graduates from a video that has millions of hits on YouTube.
Principal Mark Stenner of West Boca High School is now under investigation by the Palm Beach County School District after lifting almost his entire speech from an English teacher in Massachusetts.
The speech, originally given by David McCullough Jr to Wellesley High School's class of 2012, was titled 'You Are Not Special', received 2.2million views online and garnered national media attention.
McCullough's message to high school seniors was that they are not unique in a world of 7billion people, and Stenner seems to have taken the idea to heart and taken verbatim large swaths of the speech.
However, the principal said that he didn't believe he plagiarized the address from the son of Pulitzer Prize-winning historian David McCullough.
Scroll down for video
Principal Mark Stenner of West Boca High School is under investigation by his school board after lifting large parts of a commencement address from a popular Internet clip
David McCullough Jr, an English teacher at Wellesley High School in Massachusetts, received national attention after an inspiring speech that received more than 2.2million views on YouTube
'That was my mistake,' the principal told the Sun-Sentinel. 'I liked his idea. I should have said this was in part taken from him.
He says that he shortened the original 12-minute speech down to seven minutes and added that he changed things up in the address.
Proper names and locations specific to Massachusetts and the Northeast were changed to south Florida references, but otherwise the speech was largely taken verbatim.
Stenner took some of the speech's most memorable sections, including his turns of phrase referencing graduates 'batty Aunt Sylvia' and the 'maternal caped crusader' that has coddled them through their young lives.
While the principal cited the same authors as McCullough such as Sophocles and Thoreau, he gave no attribution to the speech's first orator during his school's May 22nd ceremony.
STENNER'S SLIGHT CHANGES TO MCCULLOUGH'S VIRAL SPEECH McCullough's 2012 Speech Contrary to what your U9 soccer trophy suggests, your glowing seventh grade report card, despite every assurance of a certain corpulent purple dinosaur, that nice Mister Rogers and your batty Aunt Sylvia, no matter how often your maternal caped crusader has swooped in to save you… you're nothing special. Absolutely, smiles ignite when you walk into a room, and hundreds gasp with delight at your every tweet. Why, maybe you've even had your picture in the Townsman! And now you've conquered high school. If you've learned anything in your years here I hope it's that education should be for, rather than material advantage, the exhilaration of learning. You've learned, too, I hope, as Sophocles assured us, that wisdom is the chief element of happiness. (Second is ice cream… just an fyi) Think for yourself. Love everything you love, everyone you love, with all your might. And do so, please, with a sense of urgency, for every tick of the clock subtracts from fewer and fewer; and as surely as there are commencements there are cessations, and you'll be in no condition to enjoy the ceremony attendant to that eventuality no matter how delightful the afternoon. Stenner's 2015 Speech Contrary to what your Boca Hoops or SABR Soccer trophy suggests, your glowing seventh grade report card, despite every assurance of a certain plump purple dinosaur, that nice Mister Rogers and your batty Aunt Sylvia, no matter how often your maternal caped crusader has swooped in to save you… you're nothing special. Absolutely, smiles ignite when you walk into a room, and hundreds gasp with delight at every tweet. Maybe you've even had your picture in the Sun-Sentinel, or the Palm Beach Post. And now you've conquered high school. If you've learned anything in your years here I hope it's that education should be for the exhilaration of learning rather than material advantage. You've learned, too, I hope, as Sophocles assured us, that wisdom is the chief element of happiness. (By the way the second element of happiness is chocolate) Think for yourself. Love everything you love, everyone you love, with all your might. And do so, please, with a sense of urgency, for every tick of the clock subtracts from your time here on Earth; and as surely as there are commencements there are cessations.
He even ended the address with the same uplifting message, 'And then you too will discover the great and curious truth of the human experience is that selflessness is the best thing you can do for yourself.
'The sweetest joys of life, then, come only with the recognition that you're not special. Because everyone is.'
McCullough told the Sun-Sentinel in an email, 'Well, attribution would have been nice, but I'm glad to hear someone finds me quotable.'
His original speech sparked a book deal that led to the 300-page tome You Are Not Special: And Other Encouragements, released last year.
The Palm Beach County School District says it holds its employees to 'the highest standards of ethics and integrity,' according to the Palm Beach Post.
Stenner (left) said that he didn't plagiarize the speech, during which he gave no attribution, because he shortened from 12 minutes to seven. Above, he is pictured with school board members and a teacher
2015 Minimoog Model D Raffle
Your Chance To Win The Most Iconic Synthesizer of All Time!
WINNER ANNOUNCED: Congratulations Toon Vannieuwenhuyse of Schoten, Belgium, the winner of our 2015 Minimoog raffle. Many thanks again to all who participated! Dr. Bob's SoundSchool is growing because of your support!
UPDATE: The raffle has now ended. The winner will be announced on Friday, October 2nd
We are proud to announce our raffle for a much sought after vintage Minimoog® synthesizer! The Minimoog Model D being offered is serial number 2120. It was built at Moog Musics Williamsville, NY factory in the early 1970s. It is in excellent technical and physical condition and has been serviced by a technician with expertise in Minimoogs. The instrument has been modified, although the modifications have been disabled to preserve the integrity of the instrument. The gorgeous wooden cabinet has been refinished and is in excellent condition.
Purchase your Minimoog Raffle ticket HERE.
All proceeds from the raffle will benefit the Foundations hallmark educational project, Dr. Bob's SoundSchool, and our historical preservation project, the Archive Preservation Initiative.
Tickets to enter the raffle are $20 each or 6 for $100 and can be purchased here.
The raffle is open internationally! In the past we have had winners from the United States, Israel, Denmark, Australia, and South Africa.
The raffle closes at midnight on September 30, 2015. Only 2,000 tickets will be sold.
You can purchase your tickets HERE.
Please be sure to read our Rules and Regulations.
The Minimoog Model D is widely regarded as the most iconic synthesizer of all time, and was so recognized by an international voters poll by SonicState.com. When released in 1970, it represented a musical and technological revolution due to its combination of portability, affordability, accessible user interface, and innovative sounds and functions. Its robust construction has allowed the instrument to withstand the test of time. Minimoog Model Ds are coveted by synthesizer enthusiasts and regularly sell on eBay for $4,000-$7,000. Production on the Minimoog Model D ceased in 1981.
Good luck and thank you for your support of the Bob Moog Foundation!
The Bob Moog Foundation is an independent 501 (c)(3) non-profit organization. We are not affiliated with the manufacturing company Moog Music, Inc. Our funding comes from donors like you.
The music of the Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg has been used extensively in media, music education, and popular music.
Music education [ edit ]
For the 150th anniversary of his birth, Norway organized a huge celebration, "Grieg in the Schools", which included programs for children from pre-school to secondary school in 1993. The programs were repeated in 1996 in Germany, and called "Grieg in der Schule", in which over a thousand students participated. There were Grieg observances in 39 countries, from Mexico to Moscow.[1]
Further celebrations of Grieg and his music were held in 2007, the 100th anniversary of his death. Bosnia and Herzegovina held a large-scale celebration, featuring Peer Gynt and the Piano Concerto in a public concert for children and adults.[2][3] The July 2007 Australasian Piano Pedagogy Conference featured Grieg's works.[4]
The Bergen University College, and later, the University of Bergen both named their tertiary music departments "Griegakademiet", in honor of Grieg.[5]
References to Grieg's music in popular culture [ edit ]
Peer Gynt [ edit ]
In 1960 Duke Ellington recorded a jazz interpretation of "Peer Gynt" in his Swinging Suites by Edward E. and Edward G. album. A struggle ensued in Norway between the Grieg Foundation and its supporters, who found the recordings offensive to Norwegian culture, and Norwegian supporters of Ellington. Ellington's versions were withdrawn from distribution in the country until 1967, when Grieg's copyrights expired.[6]
"In the Hall of the Mountain King" [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
Possibly, the first jazz rendition of "In the hall of the mountain king" was made by Alvino Rey (and His Orchestra) in 1941. Rey recorded also a version of "Anitra's Dance". American Bass Trombonist George Roberts recorded a jazz rendition of the song, playing the melody on his bass trombone. It appeared in his 1959 album "Meet Mr. Roberts" as the first song, entitled "In The Hall of the Mountain King".[7]
Nero & the Gladiators had a No. 48 hit on the British charts in 1961.[8]
A heavy rock version of the song appears on the album "Big Brother & the Holding Company: Live in San Francisco 1966" by the American rock band Big Brother and the Holding Company, although it was actually recorded at television station KQED in San Francisco on April 25, 1967.[9]
British rock band The Who recorded another performance of "Hall of the Mountain King" in 1967. This version went unreleased until 1995, when it appeared as a bonus track on a CD reissue of The Who Sell Out.[10][11][12] Tucson Weekly has called this cover a "Who-freakout arrangement"[13] One reviewer calls The Who's version the "weirdest of these" covers on the CD, and says it is "a rendition of the corresponding extract from Grieg's Peer Gynt suite ... [yet] it hardly sounds like Grieg here, anyway..." Another says that "the main function of the composition is to evoke thoughts of (naturally) King Crimson and (unnaturally) Pink Floyd, because in parts it sounds exactly like 'Interstellar Overdrive'."[14]
Electric Light Orchestra recorded a 6:37 long version of "In the Hall of the Mountain King" in 1973 as the concluding selection of their album On the Third Day and performed it with Great Balls of Fire in 1974 for their live album The Night the Light Went On in Long Beach.
Rick Wakeman's symphonic rock poem Journey to the Centre of the Earth, 1974, features the Hall of the Mountain King theme, near the end of the piece.
Progressive metal band Savatage's song "Prelude to Madness" is an arrangement of Grieg's "In the Hall of the Mountain King". It is included on their 1985 album Hall of the Mountain King which also includes a song of the same name which, however, is an original composition.[15]
The music of Foetus's song "Enter the Exterminator" from his 1985 album Nail is based on Grieg's "In the Hall of the Mountain King".[16]
Dutch symphonic metal band Epica performed a rendition of "In the Hall of the Mountain King" with the Extended Reményi Ede Chamber Orchestra at the Miskolc Opera Festival for their 2009 live album The Classical Conspiracy.[17]
British rock band Marillion included the main melody of "In the Hall of the Mountain King" in a live version of "Margaret" found on the b-side of the Garden Party single, and also on the b-sides compilation album B'Sides Themselves. The song was recorded at Edinburgh Playhouse, April 7, 1983. [18][self-published source]
K-Pop band SF9 include the main melody of "In the Hall of the Mountain King" in their song "Jungle Game" from the album "Burning Sensation".[19]
Power metal/Progressive metal band Kamelot based a song called 'Forever' on the melody of Solveigs' Song. This is also mentioned by their now previous singer Roy Khan, who is also Norwegian, on their live DVD 'One Cold Winters Night' [20]
Film and TV [ edit ]
D. W. Griffith's The Birth of a Nation (1915) used the song to build up to the Union attack on Atlanta. The song had by that time already been used in film scores, whether for Ibsen's play or other works; yet the popularity of Griffith's film helped to establish it in American popular imagination.[21][22]
"In the Hall of the Mountain King" plays a major plot point in Fritz Lang's early sound film M. Peter Lorre's character of child killer Hans Beckert whistles the tune whenever he is overcome with the urge to commit murder. However, Lorre himself could not whistle – it is actually Lang who is heard.[23] The film was one of the first to use a leitmotif, associating "In the Hall of the Mountain King" with the Lorre character. Later in the film, the mere sound of the song lets the audience know that he is nearby, off-screen. This association of a musical theme with a particular character or situation, a technique borrowed from opera, became a staple in film.[21][24]
In the 1993 animated series Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog, "In the Hall of the Mountain King" is sampled as part of the show's opening theme alongside "Flight of the Bumblebee" and the theme from the original Sonic the Hedgehog video game. The tune also serves as a leitmotif for antagonists Scratch and Grounder.
In 2004, Mickey, Donald, Goofy: The Three Musketeers had "Petey's King of France," sung to the tune.
The song was used to title an episode of Mad Men, where the protagonist Donald Draper flashes back to the time spent with Anna Draper, the widow of his superior officer against whom he had committed identity theft. When Dick, young Don, is in California he pays her a visit where she is teaching a piano lesson. The boy is playing Grieg's piece, to which Dick comments the song is scary.
An electronic cover was arranged, programmed and performed by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross for David Fincher's 2010 film The Social Network. The music plays over a scene of competitive rowing, as the Winklevoss twins lose to another team. This loss, as well as several other events, leads the twins to decide to take legal action against Mark Zuckerberg for Facebook.
In Johnny English Reborn (2011) in the "cooking scene" Johnny English (Rowan Atkinson) cooks the dinner for Kate Sumner (Rosamund Pike) in the rhythm of the "In The Hall of the Mountain King".
The song is used during the early mining scene in "The Snow Queen 2" (2014), to accompany Orm's accidents with overloaded mining cars. Orm makes up lyrics for the first few bars: “There once lived a lucky troll who was loved by every soul.”
"Hair Up" is a trap version of this song used in Trolls (film).
"Knight of Cups" uses "Solveig's Song" and "Death of Aase" on multiple occasions.
Video games [ edit ]
The running music for the seminal ZX Spectrum games Manic Miner and Jet Set Willy
In the final challenge of the 2016 video game The Witness, the song is utilized to make the player feel a sense of urgency.[original research?]
The 1983 video game Mountain King uses the theme as background music throughout.
Anitra's Dance is featured in Quest for Glory: Shadows of Darkness released in 1993.
It is later given an 8-bit remix with Beethoven's 9th Symphony, the fourth movement in particular, in Just Dance 2018. with the title In the Hall of the Pixel King.
This song is used as the opening music for the Texas Instruments TI-99/4A version of Hunt the Wumpus.
The song is part of the soundtrack of Forza Horizon 4, as part of the in-game classical music station Timeless FM.
A metal version of this song (covered by the band Ridiculon) is used as part of the soundtrack for the 2017 Nicalis' game "The End is Nigh".
Other uses [ edit ]
In the safety demonstration animation that states the illegality of smoking in the CRH (China Railway High-Speed) the "In the Hall of the Mountain King" from the Peer Gynt Suite No. 1 is applied as the background music to accompany a smoker's behaviors before attempting smoking and while smoking, followed by the emergency brake of the train and finally the crying smoker under arrest by 2 policemen.
British theme park Alton Towers uses the piece in TV commercials, and as a soundtrack for various locations around the park.
The "Cellos" PlainTalk voice speaks tuned to a variation on In the Hall of the Mountain King.
Many people first heard "Morning" and "In the Hall of the Mountain King" when it was used in Warner Brothers cartoons featured in The Bugs Bunny Show in the 60s.[citation needed]
Jay and the Americans recorded a rock and roll cover song known as Dawning, in 1962.
"Morning" was later used in the 1973 film Soylent Green as the music selected by Edward G. Robinson's character to listen to as he lay dying.
In 1998, The Simpsons episode "Bart Carny" paid homage to its use in older cartoons in a sequence where a cheeseburger unwraps in the early sunlight.[25]
Later in the same year, German musical project In-Mood feat. Juliette sampled the theme for their song "Ocean of Light."[26][27]
It is also used as the opening theme music in PopCap Games' video game Peggle, accompanying the animation of a rising sun.
"Death of Åse" [ edit ]
The main melody of "The Death of Åse" is used in the song "Thokk" by the black metal band Pensées Nocturnes and in the song "Dolls and Ravens" by the doom metal band Consummatum Est. "Solveigs' Song," and "The Death of Åse" were both included in the soundtrack of Terrence Malick's 2015 film "Knight of Cups." "The Death of Åse" also plays intermittently in the video game "Sid Meier's Civilization V" when the user is playing as one of the European civilizations.
Piano Sonata [ edit ]
The motion picture The First Legion used Grieg's Piano Sonata in E minor as a way to introduce a Jesuit priest's prayer. The priest, Father Fulton, plays the sonata as a way of connecting himself to the other Jesuits, when "forced to revise their standards of belief after experiencing first a makeshift and later a 'real' miracle."[28]
"Brothers, Sing On!" [ edit ]
The folk song "Brothers, Sing On!" ( EG 170 - in the original Norwegian "Sangerhilsen") was written by Grieg with lyrics by Sigv. Skavlan, with English language lyrics by Herbert Dalmas and/or Howard McKinney.[29][30] The Mohawk-Hudson Male Chorus Association (MHMCA) presented a massed concert, with 90 male singers, at the historic Troy Savings Bank Music Hall on May 3, 2008, entitled "Brothers, Sing On!", with the titular song, which was also adopted as the organization's theme song in 1974.[31] They had previously performed the same song in the same venue in 2002.[32]
The University of Northern Iowa has gone so far as to name its web site and to start every concert with this song:
What if all men, everywhere in the world, could get together and sing? If there was just one song that could be sung, in a true spirit of peace and brotherhood, "Brothers, Sing On!" by Edvard Grieg would be it. "Brothers, Sing On!" is the timeless gem in many men's choral repertoire. It has been called the ‘international anthem' of men's choral singing. For nearly 50 years, "Brothers, Sing On!" has been the mainstay of our Glee Club's repertoire. We have sung it from the top of Mount Vesuvius; a glacier in the Tyrolean Alps; the ancient castles and underground slate mines of Wales; the deck of a ship on the tossing Irish Sea; the Coliseum in Rome, and a great many places in between. We salute the many excellent men's choirs throughout the world, especially the collegiate men's glee clubs, those ‘wandering troubadours' whom we hope will inspire future generations of singers. the Brothers, Sing On! web site, [29]
Other pieces [ edit ]
The musical Song of Norway, based very loosely on Grieg's life and using his music, was created in 1944 by Robert Wright and George Forrest and a film version was released in 1970. The 1957 made-for-TV movie musical The Pied Piper of Hamelin uses Grieg's music almost exclusively, with "In the Hall of the Mountain King" being the melody that the Piper (Van Johnson) plays to rid the town of rats.
Eric Morecambe famously played "all the right notes, just not necessarily in the right order" of Grieg's Piano Concerto in a sketch on the 1971 Morecambe and Wise Christmas special that featured Andre Previn.
The opening theme of the first movement of Grieg's Piano Concerto in A Minor was used by Jimmy Wisner, recording under the name "Kokomo", in the song "Asia Minor", a top-ten pop hit in the U.S. in 1961.
See also [ edit ]
The narrative going around is that Holly Holm turned down a fight with Cris Cyborg at UFC 198. While that statement is accurate in a vacuum, it doesn't tell the whole story.
It's not that Holm doesn't want to fight Cyborg, she told Dave Ross of 120 Sports on Wednesday. It was just that the timing was not right.
When Holm was offered the fight with Cyborg, she was still yearning for a rematch with Miesha Tate for the UFC women's bantamweight title. Tate beat Holm by fifth-round submission at UFC 196 in March. Holm turned down the bout with Cyborg, hoping to get a chance to avenge the loss to Tate.
"I was just kind of holding on to see if I could get the rematch for the belt," Holm said. ... "I'm not against fighting Cyborg. It just didn't seem like the right time."
The UFC ended up booking Tate against Amanda Nunes at UFC 200 on July 9 in Las Vegas. And Cyborg fought and beat Leslie Smith by first-round TKO in her UFC debut at UFC 198 last Saturday in Brazil.
Without a title rematch on the table, Holm accepted a fight with Valentina Shevchenko in the main event of UFC on FOX 20 on July 23 in Chicago.
While Shevchenko will be a tough out, Holm remains part of a popular triumvirate at the top of the UFC's women's bantamweight division with Tate and Ronda Rousey, whom Holm knocked out last November at UFC 193.
Cyborg can be added to that mix, but she has said that she would be unable to make the 135-pound weight limit of the women's bantamweight division. Cyborg is currently the Invicta FC 145-pound champion. She did make 139 pounds to fight Smith at a catchweight.
While Cyborg might never be able to compete in the UFC's 135-pound division, she can still fight in the UFC at 140 pounds or above. That would not stand in Holm's way.
"I'm not even stuck on the 135 compared to the 140 stuff," Holm said. "It's not really a big thing for me."
Holm, 34, competed as boxer as heavy as 152 pounds. So the topic of weight has no bearing on whether Holm and Cyborg will ever fight. In fact, "The Preacher's Daughter" said that bout is very much a possibility.
Just because she turned it down previously when she wanted another fight instead doesn't mean Holm won't say yes the next time.
"In boxing, I fought in three weight classes," Holm said. "I'm not gonna say that I'm against going at 140. I actually think Cyborg might be able to do 135. Who knows? But that's definitely something that could be an option for the future. I'm actually really happy for her victory. I really like Cyborg. I think she's a great gal."
Though the monetary loss is concerning, the real danger of staged accidents comes in the collisions themselves. In 2007 and 2008, years that saw a dramatic rise in staged accidents, there were 71,452 fatalities as a result of automobile collisions. The fact that offenders are increasingly forgoing the danger of seriously injuring or killing an innocent motorist for the purpose of scamming insurance companies is a serious concern.
When it comes to discussions of criminal false claims too many people only think about women and girls who lie about having been raped. Other criminal false claims are usually shrugged off as so rare that those who make other types of legal claims should be assumed to be truthful.This difference in attitude is used to justify treating reports of rape by girls and women as inherently suspicious while treating other legal claims as inherently trustworthy.This perception difference ignores the fact that if someone is willing to make a false claim in one area they are likely to make a false claim in other areas. Further, the motives given for false rape claims apply to many other types of false claims as well. Revenge, greed and cruelty don't limit themselves to one gender or one type of crime.I was reminded of these contrasting attitudes when I read an article about staged automobile accidents where the motivation is insurance fraud.Despite the seriousness of this crime, few people would support treating everyone who reports an auto accident the way many people want rape victims treated. Those who demand all those who report rape should submit to polygraph exams would be unlikely to support the same demand for everyone who files an insurance claim.If we understand that evidence and not stereotypes should be used to evaluate claims which if false would be criminal then we must understand this when the claim is rape.
Labels: legal
Contrary to popular perception, an average Indian entrepreneur isn't a 25-year-old who's graduated from an Indian Institute of Technology (IIT).
An average technology entrepreneur in Asia's third-largest economy is a male aged between 28 and 29. By the time his venture gets funded, he is over 32, according to data from Delhi-based startup Xeler8.
Xeler8, which curates data on other startups, analysed over 2,300 firms for this study. The sample startups operate in various sectors, including e-commerce, food technology, fintech, healthcare, agriculture technology, ad technology, data analytics, and gaming. The sample also includes large players like Flipkart, OYO Rooms, Snapdeal, and MuSigma.
Educational profile
Almost 50% of Indian entrepreneurs are graduates, and many of them hold post graduation degrees.
However, contrary to the commonly held belief, most do not hold degrees from premium educational institutes such as IITs or the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs). In fact, graduates from premium schools form a very small percent of entrepreneurs in India.
Gender
Entrepreneurship in India—just like in Silicon Valley—is heavily male-dominated. Less than 9% of startup founders in India are women.
Santa Monica's McClure Tunnel – is there a more dramatic 400 feet of roadway in all Southern California? First, the daylight fades as you leave behind the Santa Monica Freeway and plunge through the tunnel's eastern portal. The road curves through the darkness, and then a new world flashes before you. As your eyes readjust, it all comes into focus: the rolling surf of the Pacific, a strip of sand, the hills of Malibu. You are now driving the Pacific Coast Highway.
L.A.'s Earliest Film History
It's an old thrill – one that long predates both the Santa Monica Freeway and Pacific Coast Highway, as “Going Through the Tunnel,” a film shot in early January 1898 by the Edison Manufacturing Company's​ Frederick Blechynden, shows.
As early as 1886, the Southern Pacific bored a tunnel through Santa Monica's ocean bluffs so that trains traveling through the Santa Monica Arroyo – a natural drainage that once marked the southern edge of town – could turn parallel to the beach toward a long shipping wharf up the coast. Pacific Electric trolleys later used this curved tunnel, which remained in service until shortly before its rotted wooden frame collapsed in 1935.
By then the state had already drafted plans to reconfigure the historic conduit. When the dust settled in 1936, Olympic Boulevard traced the old path of the railroad through the arroyo, and a wide, arched concrete tunnel curved through the bluffs where the wooden railroad shaft had been. One final change came in 1965, when the Santa Monica Freeway replaced Olympic Boulevard through the arroyo. Ever since, the tunnel has marked the western terminus of Interstate 10's route – and a dramatic way to experience the continent's end.
This story originally appeared on Gizmodo's Southland on April 29, 2014. The 1898 film footage above appears courtesy of the Library of Congress Motion Picture, Broadcasting and Recorded Sound Division​.
The McClure Tunnel's precursor, circa 1890. Courtesy of the Santa Monica Public Library Image Archives.
Mega-restaurateur Ford Fry has another Atlanta restaurant up his sleeve. Fry, whose empire has stretched beyond the Peach State to Texas, Tennessee, and North Carolina in recent years, is working on a new Tex-Mex spot in Piedmont Heights. The restaurant will take over the former Anchor Bar & Tattoo space at 1878 Piedmont Avenue NE.
Fry hasn't decided on a name yet, but it won't be Superica or The El Felix, his existing Tex-Mex brands. This project will be more casual with counter service and an eye toward cuisine that is a bit healthier. Lunch and dinner menus will be centered around wood-roasted chicken for al carbon tacos, housemade flour tortillas, fresh salsas, and “nutritious sides.” Playing off Superica's weekend-morning hours, Fry is considering a selection of breakfast tacos throughout the week.
“I just don't see places in Atlanta really doing breakfast tacos,” Fry tells Eater Atlanta. “In Austin, you find them everywhere. I think Atlanta could use that.”
The beverage program be a simple list of beers, margaritas, and other Mexican cocktails. Orders will be taken at the main counter, but there will be a secondary service bar or window that will allow thirsty patrons to skip the food line and order refills.
To-go service will be a big part of the business model: whole chickens and fixings for dinner and packs of breakfast tacos to take to the office in the morning. Whether diners are eating in or taking away, the idea is to get a good meal quickly.
“Growing up in Houston, there were a lot of places where I could go, and you'd walk through a line and they'd call your name,” Fry says. “The food was just fantastic, and it was very easy to get in and out.”
Fry and his team are planning an extensive renovation to the space, which covers around 3,500 square feet. The restaurant will have a distinct “Austin vibe,” which translates to painted brick walls, lush landscaping, patios, and lots of open-air seating. It will start as a one-off, but if its successful, expansion plans will likely follow in the footsteps of Superica and El Felix. The early timeline calls for a summer 2018 opening.
Fry currently operates 10 restaurants in Atlanta: No. 246 in Decatur; The El Felix in Alpharetta; BeetleCat and Superica in Inman Park; Marcel, JCT. Kitchen & Bar, and The Optimist in Westside; and St. Cecilia, King + Duke, and a second Superica in Buckhead. A second El Felix outpost is opening soon at Cobb County's Battery development that lies adjacent to SunTrust Park, home of the Atlanta Braves.
Correction: Fry's forthcoming restaurant is in Piedmont Heights, across Piedmont Avenue from Morningside.
• All Coming Attractions [EATL]
Buy Photo Allison Montoya, Danielle Helton, and Amy Downton nurse their children at the Northern Kentucky Breastfeeding Competition. (Photo: The Enquirer/Rebecca Butts)Buy Photo
Local moms gathered in Cold Spring to participate in an international competition to see which site can gather the most babies latched and nursing simultaneously.
Only three mothers showed up to Northern Kentucky's Breastfeeding Challenge on Saturday morning at the Campbell County Extension but organizers were not deterred.
"It's a fun way to celebrate our breastfeeding moms," said Nancy Merk, of the Northern Kentucky Health Department. "And it's a good way to bring awareness to breastfeeding and normalize it."
The event brought mothers together to talk about the triumphs and struggles of breastfeeding. It was organized by the Northern Kentucky Health Department and sponsored by the Northern Kentucky Breastfeeding Coalition.
Alison Montoya, a former reporter with WLWT-TV spoke at the event to share her own concerns as a first-time mom who is breastfeeding.
"We are not here to shame any mothers," Montoya said.
Her daughter, Addison, is three months old and is only being fed breast milk, she said. But she still has concerns, such as worrying about providing enough milk and feeling uncomfortable nursing in public.
"It's frowned upon when women breastfeed in public, which is a shame because we see that women's body parts, women's breasts, are everywhere, " Montoya said. "It's weird that there is a double standard."
Danielle Helton, of Independence, Kentucky, said she doesn't hesitate to breastfeed her son in public.
"I'll feed him anywhere he wants to," she said. She has fed breast milk to her 2-year-old son, Kasen since he was born.
"I know it's the healthiest option because he hasn't been sick once," Helton said.
Kentucky is consistently in the bottom 10 ranking of states with the lowest amount of breastfeeding moms, said Gayle Johnson, a breastfeeding peer counselor with the Northern Kentucky Health Department.
Many mothers struggle with breastfeeding because they were not taught how to do it and don't know where to go for help, Johnson said.
"Breastfeeding has become a lost skill in society because for so long, it wasn't encouraged," she said. "I think events like this portray breastfeeding as something that is supported by the community."
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Johnson also hopes that breastfeeding events will improve the public image of breastfeeding professionals. "We are not anti-formula," she said. "We are pro-breastfeeding."
"You're not a bad mom if you choose not to breastfeed," said Merk. "We're all here to parent and do the best we can."
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1RmYS2V
Aristegui's dismissal is raising concerns about freedom of speech in Mexico [Al Jazeera]
"Out Calderon out!" shouts the woman, part of the crowd jostling around a cultural centre in Mexico City.
As she joins the chants of the protesters against Mexico's president, she waves a photograph of a smiling woman above her head.
The woman in the photograph is Carmen Aristegui, one of Mexico's most easily recognisable journalists. Famed for her investigative reporting and all-star interview shows, Aristegui held a prime time slot with radio station MVS, where multitudes of Mexicans listened to her on their way to work.
All this changed on Friday 4th February when Aristegui addressed an issue long-discussed on the Mexico City social media rumour mill: President Felipe Calderon's supposed problem with alcohol.
Private speculation had raised its head publicly when lawmakers unfurled a banner in Congress bearing the legend: "Would you let a drunk drive your car? No, right? So why would you let one drive your country?"
In her radio show, Aristegui insisted that the presidency should reply to the implied accusation. "Does the president or does he not have an alcohol problem?" she asked. "The presidency should give a clear and formal answer with respect to this."
By the Monday after, Aristegui was clearing her desk, fired by MVS who said that she had broken their code of conduct by "broadcasting rumour as news".
Aristegui herself claimed that the Mexican government pressured the radio station for her head. As her supporters gathered outside the cultural centre shouting slogans against the Mexican president, she gave a defiant performance within.
"An act like this is only imaginable in a dictatorship that nobody wants for Mexico: punishing for opining or questioning rulers," she said.
The Mexican presidency has denied that it had anything to do with the sacking of Aristegui, but the resulting maelstrom has caused many to question the close relationship between government and the media in Mexico.
Even the surprise reinstatement of the journalist by MVS on 15th February after the radio station had held talks with Aristegui and registered the comments of the public, seemed too late to quell the debate on exactly how free the press is in Mexico.
Subtle censorship
Top Mexican political analyst Sergio Aguayo says that government censorship of media is still widely practised in Mexico, but strong arm methods have been abandoned for a more subtle approach.
Something as fundamental as the right to broadcast for a TV or radio station can be a bargaining chip used by the state.
"According to the law, the government has the power of awarding licences to radio or TV stations and that has been part of the strings of power that presidents use, to give favours to those who work with them or to show their anger against journalists or politicians that are overly critical," Aguayo told Al Jazeera.
Aristegui herself alleged that the fact that MVS radio's licence was up for renewal was a key factor in her dismissal.
As well as power over licences, advertising revenue from the federal government makes up a large part of the income of many major Mexican media outlets, according to Ricardo Gonzalez of Article 19, a London-based freedom of expression group. In some cases media outlets rely so heavily on these advertising contracts that they risk bankruptcy if the government decides to withdraw them.
In 2009, the federal government spent over $160m in their public relations strategy, including adverts taken out in media. This amount doubled from 2005, according to government figures.
Following floods in the south of the country in 2007, Calderon alone appeared in 449 advertising "pots" on different television and radio broadcasters in just one week, according to figures from Article 19.
Gonzalez says members of the media worry about losing their slice of the lucrative government advertising pie to such an extent that, rather than await the call telling them they have strayed into territory that is deemed to be out of bounds, they effectively censor themselves to avoid incurring the government's wrath.
This leads many media to have an unspoken blacklist of subjects that they will not speak about for fear of offending the powers that be, says Gonzalez. For journalists, breaking the editorial line could mean losing your job, he adds.
Many media outlets seem more concerned about their government-based incomes than their staff, Gonzalez opined.
The row over Aristegui's comments eventually culminated in President Calderon's private secretary stepping out to deny the presidency's involvement in Aristegui's sacking and defend the president's state of health. Without directly addressing the original accusation of alcoholism, Roberto Gil said that Calderon's high rate of public appearances was proof of his well being.
"During the four years of his administration, he has never missed any event because of health problems," Gil said. "This work pace is the best proof of his good health, physical strength and integrity."
Whether freedom of expression in Mexican media enjoys such good health is still up for debate.
So much progress …
“WAKING up on a Saturday morning, Beatrice Gibbs takes one look at the naked stranger lying next to her before quickly putting on her clothes and leaving.
As the 22-year-old make-up artist walks home, she texts her boyfriend Adam Gillet to tell him she's on her way back.
Beatrice feels no guilt as she walks through their front door – because Adam knows exactly where she has been and what she's been doing.
The pair, who have been together for two years, has a one-sided open relationship.
Beatrice can sleep with who she wants, when she wants, despite Adam, 27, not having the same privileges …
“I tell Adam about the guys although I won't go into detail about the actual sex. Adam is so caring to give me the freedom to do what I want — it makes me love him even more.
“I couldn't handle it if he did the same to me and was with another girl. I would hate it. …”
Word, brah.
A pair of Westlake Village film industry veterans are out to raise $3.5 million to make a motion picture based on Total Frat Move, a wildly popular website that chronicles, sometimes crassly but always humorously, Greek life on campus from the male viewpoint. The brand's ultimate owners hope it will ultimately become a 21st-century “Animal House.”
Total Frat Move's parent company describes the site as “a satiric and often unabashedly blunt genre of comedy from the perspective of America's privileged youth.” The site sets out to peg characteristically Greek behaviors as a “total frat move,” or TFM for short. A recent example from the site's social media wall: “Falling in love with a stripper, like $3,000 in love. TFM.”
Brian Ross and Bob Sanitsky of Westlake Village have acquired the film rights to the property and have filed regulatory papers to raise up to $3.5 million for the project, called Total Frat Movie. Ross and Sanitsky said securities rules prevent them from discussing the project during the fundraising process.
Madison Wickham is the co-founder of Grandex Inc., the parent of Total Frat Move and associated site called The Rowdy Gentleman, which sells swim trunks, beer koozies and other merchandise with frat-life themes. He said the site sold movie rights with the intent of seeing a fully fledged feature film hit theatres. Wickham said he and his co-founders at Texas State University in San Marcos, Texas started their site in 2010 because “nobody had really captured the true vibe that exists inside the Greek community in a very accurate way.”
He and his partners are hoping that the film will capture the culture in a way that hasn't been done since the classic “Animal House,” produced by Montecito resident Ivan Reitman.
“Any time people portray Greek life in pop culture, it's always a watered-down generic version that doesn't speak to anyone's specific experience. It's always some Hollywood exec's general impression,” Wickham told the Business Times. “We're hoping to make a movie that's equally authentic [to TotalFratMove.com] and is really able to display the unique vibe and culture of Greek life on a large scale.”
As a niche media business, raunchy undergrad-themed humor is no joke. In 2006, InterActiveCorp, the publicly traded company led by former Paramount chief Barry Diller, acquired the parent company of CollegeHumor.com. The details of the deal weren't disclosed, but the New York Post estimated its value at $20 million with other sources claiming it was much higher.
But CollegeHumor has struggled to keep up its growth. InterActiveCorp, an umbrella of more than 50 online businesses, said revenue grew 11 percent to $234 million for the segment of the company containing the joke site, but attributed that growth to other properties in the group. The operating loss for the group was $13.7 million. Moreover, CollegeHumor's more recent efforts — aggregation site Jest, videogame comedy site Dorkly and a sports site called SportsPickle — don't appear to have experienced rapid growth.
At Total Frat Move, the company has a big audience — 1.5 million unique visitors a month, 80 million saleable impressions a month and half a million Twitter followers.
But the company struggled to monetize that with advertising. Instead, it opened up Rowdy Gentleman to sell themed products, such as sleeveless tees that say “My Other Shirt is a Polo” and “Reagan/Bush '84” beer koozies. Sales of those products make up most of the firm's revenue.
“Basically, because we failed at third-party advertising, we had to figure out how to monetize. I'm glad we did, because it's a much cleaner business model to do something like this and sell direct to the consumer,” Wickham said.
The Total Frat Move team is also producing a book, slated for release in January. The book and movie will be heavily cross-promoted on the site.
The ultimate idea is that each piece of the Total Frat Move empire works to help another piece, rather than third-party advertisers.
“My philosophy has always been that if you can capture an audience and get them consuming something for free on a daily basis, you can build a business around it,” Wickham said.
During the Great Pierogi Race between innings of last night's Cubs-Pirates game at PNC Park, one fan hopped the fence and took off in hot pursuit of those savory, anthropomorphic dumplings. High-stepping across the outfield, shedding clothes as he went, he tried to escape over a low wall in right. He did not make it.
The statement from a PNC Park spokesperson:
"PNC Park security staff correctly followed procedures in tracking down the individual. The individual was then taken by Pittsburgh Police to a PNC Park security office where he was cited for trespassing. The person now faces court proceedings and penalties."
Here are the videos we managed to find of the fan's run, arranged in rough reverse chronological order—because the takedown is always the best part. (If you've seen video that we missed, let us know.)
45 Things I Have Learned From Photography
Over the last couple years I have been taking notes on my phone of various thoughts on what I feel have learned from my time in photography. Hard to believe it's been a decade now since I started to take it seriously. Along with these random thoughts I referenced some of my past presentation slides and some were created as I typed this post out. Those that know me should not be surprised. I like lists and that is really all this is! I am sure I will get the question… why 45? It's simply because that is what I ended up with. It's not some magic number that represents anything special.
1. New or expensive gear can be nice yet does not make you a better photographer. It's good to follow what is coming out and changing without pulling out that credit card for every announcement.
2. The rat race of social media is not worth fretting over counting likes, comments and shares. Sometimes you are ahead, sometimes you are behind.
3. A sense of camaraderie and making friends in photography is very important. Don't always fly solo.
4. A good outdoor trip with few to no keepers is still better than being indoors. It's the experience that helps shape who we are.
5. In my early years I thought my work was awesome but it really stunk like a skunk and I am fine with that. Everyone starts somewhere. I can never stop growing and learning.
6. Don't undervalue your own work. Always selling your work for peanuts does not help you or the industry. It's okay to say no to some requests.
7. Be open to feedback, whether it's praise or constructive critique. Simply being open to listening to others opinions does not mean you have to change your work. On the flip side be respectful when you provide feedback.
8. No matter the accomplishments (or failures) it's still a photo and I am still the same person. Don't pat yourself on the back too much nor give yourself too hard of a time.
9. Placing well or winning a well-known photography competition will not bring you fame or fortune.
10. If you send a photo out to a client with a known flaw they will find it. I learned to always spend the money to reprint when needed.
11. The one photo you post on your website that you can't print large for whatever reason, is the one someone will request large.
12. My horizon will be off by 2 degrees no matter what tools I use in the field. Horizon correction software was made for people like me.
13. Abstract photos often get little love online (or in general) but I post them anyway because I love them. Even when photography is a business there needs to times when it's being purely for you.
14. Everyone has at least one piece of equipment they will regret going the ultra-cheap route. Mine was remotes going through 6 in about a year before learning my lesson.
15. Although I love to travel I won't be able to visit every place on the planet that I see in other photographers photos. I am fine with this. Be happy where you can get to and just enjoy getting out.
16. In nature photography there's much more than photographing colorful sunrises and sunsets day in and day out. Don't forget to look down and all around at all times of the day and in all weather.
17. Trying to ‘fix' a photo in post processing that was shot poorly is usually like trying to salvage a half sunken ship. Get it right from the beginning.
18. The most amazing sky an hour or two before sunset will often end up being the biggest dud by the time the golden hour comes.
19. Sometimes you need to leave the camera behind (or stop chasing new scenes) and focus on family. Trying to do both all the time won't make you or the family happy.
20. Taking an amazing photo, whatever that means at the time for me, does bring a sense of elation and high that likely only other photographers understand.
21. I went through a funk more than once where photography carried little interest or inspiration to me for months. We all go through phases. Let it ride knowing you will come out on the other side.
22. Collaborate where and when you can. I wouldn't be writing this blog post for the Photo Cascadia site right now if I wasn't open to collaborating with others (who in the end have become good friends).
23. Your equipment will fail you at the most inopportune time if you photograph enough. I have many stories with a full corrupt CF card from a wedding where I was the sole photographer near the top.
24. Try saying “Woah look at the body!” out loud at work while viewing the latest camera online. Guarantee you will get some interesting looks and responses.
25. No I won't license my image for free to use in an article where you will place my website URL while I will wait for the inquiries to purchase my work come pouring in.
26. It's okay to compare your work to others as a means of learning and growing with your photography. Doing it thinking others are good and you're not is self-destructive.
27. I am merely a single pixel in a very large sensor we call earth and a tiny blimp on the radar of time. I don't take myself too seriously and neither should you.
28. Nature photography and loving the outdoors is something my wife and I had in common when we met and still do today. I am always thankful for the support she shows to this endeavor called photography.
29. I try not criticizing others work solely because it doesn't align with what I think is great photography. Simply because I don't think it is great doesn't mean it's any less worthy.
30. I have learned as much (or more) from bad photos as from good photos I have taken. It's never a complete waste.
31. You can do pretty much anything in post processing except replicating what a good polarizer can do when it comes to removing glare. It's not a tool to leave behind.
32. No matter how well you know your equipment there will be a time(s) you make a rookie mistake. When taking photos the day after night photography don't forget to bring down that ISO or changing back to RAW after photographing your kids soccer game.
33. Take risks with your photography without risking your life. If you are not around to enjoy taking photos it obviously wasn't worth it. Fortunately I am here to write this.
34. Study. Whether it's studying how you take photos in the field or studying photography online or many other ways, it's all important to avoid becoming stagnant. The only constant in life is change.
35. If you care about your photos read the fine print before submitting to photography contests. You may be giving the rights away without knowing it.
36. Don't worry much about ‘comp stomping' as being original with every photo today is hard even in best of intentions. Your style and creativity will come in time.
37. It's not worth the effort and cost to print my own work. I will always use a lab.
38. Take time to get your work printed even if it's small prints or books. It's a shame to leave everything you photograph to online viewing only. Viewing your work printed is seeing it in a different light.
39. Be leery of projects that require investment of time and or money that give a guaranteed return for someone else but not you. I have been burned a couple times not seeing the warning signals soon enough.
40. Use your animal instincts and don't forget to chimp before you leave the scene. Coming home and saying @%#&! because you missed something that would have been an easy correction is painful.
41. If you don't own a good tripod and ball head, stop reading this article now and go buy one immediately. All the best equipment means little with nature photography if your tripod sucks.
42. Leading workshops is hard work to do it right. If you don't care about being a true guide/teacher to others and it's only for the all mighty dollar or to simply grow your personal photo collection, do everyone a favor and don't hold workshops.
43. No matter how much technology advances understanding composition is paramount. The best camera technology isn't going to set the camera up for you, tell where to place your tripod legs and what to focus on… at least not yet.
44. Watching your children taking their first photos that are more than snap-shots is a very cool and rewarding feeling. Especially when they are as excited about it as you are.
45. Less is more. Do what you can to simplify elements in your composition. One of the larger challenges as nature photographers is to take busy and chaotic scenes from Mother Nature to make a compelling photograph.
I am sure I could keep typing with endless thoughts on what I have learned from photography yet this is good stopping point and enough to ponder for those that took the time to get this far in my post. Whether you have been interested in photography for 45 days or 45 years, feel free to share what you have learned from your time behind the camera.
A hacking group, the Shadow Brokers has just released a collection of spy tools that is allegedly used by the National Security Agency online.On Friday, the group published the exploits that were designed to target vulnerabilities in Windows computers and servers, along with the files and other important documents that contain the details the way agency used to carry out clandestine surveillance.According to the reports, the Windows hacking tools were used by the NSA to target several banks, including the SWIFT banking system.On Friday only, Microsoft said that they have patched the exploits in previous updates. Windows users are advised to update their software and upgrade to Windows 7 or a newer version."This is quite possibly the most damaging thing I've seen in the last several years," said Matthew Hickey, founder of security firm Hacker House. "This puts a powerful nation-state-level attack tool in the hands of anyone who wants to download it to start targeting servers."It appears that the exploits targeted a variety of Windows servers and Windows operating systems, including Windows 7 and Windows 8."The individual consumer is a little less at risk, as these kinds of tools are targeted at enterprise and business environments," Hickey said.A Microsoft's spokesperson confirmed to CNNTech that, "We've investigated and confirmed that the exploits disclosed by the Shadow Brokers have already been addressed by previous updates to our supported products. Customers with up-to-date software are already protected."
English Heritage has been accused of vandalism after the charity carved the face of Merlin into a Cornish castle in what locals say is a stunt to get more tourists in.
The sculpture has been created amid the bedrock below the castle, in Cornwall, to try and promote its link with the king and build on visitor numbers .
But a decision by the current custodians of the site to allow the sculpture has caused outrage and they have been accused of attempting to "dumb down" history to try to get people through the door.
A spokesman for Kernow Matters To Us (KMTU), an organisation dedicated to preserving the integrity of Cornwall's history and culture, said: "This official vandalism has been condemned by people who love Cornwall, both at home and as far away as Australia.
"We are deeply shocked that the inappropriately named 'English' Heritage has installed a sculpture of Merlin in our Cornish Tintagel Castle.
"This is nothing but 'false' history and diminishes our heritage. It is a disgrace. No doubt it will enhance tourist numbers for a season or two - but at the cost of further denuding the Cornish cultural and historical context of this location."
Despite its long-association with King Arthur that English Heritage widely promote, some historians argue that there is no evidence to associate Tintagel with the so-called "once and future king".
The new carving, undertaken by local craftsmen Peter Graham, is situated at the entrance to a rocky inlet known for generations as Merlin's Cave, and is supposedly the setting for a story in which the wizard carries an infant Arthur to a place of safety.
Mr Graham spent three months carrying out the work.
He said: "Usually you would choose the perfect stone from a quarry, but here I have worked into the rock of Tintagel's landscape.
"Merlin has emerged organically out of that rock - and to see him now is really rather satisfying."
The carving is part of a project designed to "bring the legends and history of Tintagel to life", according to EH.
Further sculptures and installations have been commissioned and are expected to be placed on the castle site throughout the year.
But KMTU pointed out that "Cornwall" was first recorded in the place-name, "Durocornouio" - fortress of the Cornish - around 400AD, five centuries before the name "England" was first used.
The spokesman added: "It's been fairly well shown by archaeologists over many years that Tintagel was a seasonal or ceremonial seat of the royal house of Dumnonia between 400AD and 700AD.
"But where at Tintagel does English Heritage tell people anything about these kings? Is there even a mention of them?
"By doing this, Cornish history gets sidelined, while English Heritage concentrates on dumbed-down populist trash that they think will attract the punters."
Kernow Matters To Us, is now calling on English Heritage to arrange a meeting to discuss the matter, in a bid to prevent what it describes as "further desecration".
Responding to the criticism, English Heritage issued a statement saying Tintagel Castle had been "inextricably linked with the legend of both King Arthur and Merlin since the Middle Ages".
A spokesman said: "The newly carved face of Merlin reflects this legend and sits just outside Merlin's Cave - so called after Victorian poet Alfred Tennyson's retelling of the legend in which Merlin used the passageway to carry away the infant Arthur.
"Tintagel Castle has inspired artistic endeavour for centuries and this piece embraces that spirit of creativity."
The statement added that the carving received planning permission last year as part of an outdoor interpretation scheme that is due to launch this spring.
It said: "The whole scheme will help people to understand the history and mythology of this internationally important site."
Alex Page, English Heritage's historic properties director for the West of England, said: "Our new carving reflects the legendary link between Tintagel Castle and Merlin. We took great care to ensure that the carving complements rather than competes with the spectacular setting.
"The carving of Merlin's face is discreet, a little larger than life, and is tucked away amongst the rocks for people to discover."
The upper Midwest has been besieged by a bitter cold front for the past several days. Chicago recently reported wind chills of 30 degrees below zero, and several locations in North and South Dakota posted high ambient air temperatures of several degrees below zero, without wind chill. Though not exactly what most would consider desirable temperatures, cold temperatures, and more specifically hypothermia, have played an interesting role in health care. In its infancy, induced hypothermia was used primarily for amputations, in the hopes of providing some pain relief before the era of anesthesia. More recently, hypothermia has shown benefit in several areas, including the following:
Cardiac arrest: Mild to moderate hypothermia has been shown to preserve neurologic function following a cardiac arrest, during which the heart stops pumping and the brain is deprived of oxygen. In addition, recent studies have shown that hypothermia may also help improve short-term survival and minimize damage to the heart following such an injury. There are multiple theories as to why this is the case, including alteration of inflammation, slowing of metabolism, and reduction in cell death. It is apparent, however, that hypothermia can be a major benefit to victims of cardiac arrest.
Traumatic brain injury in children: Although hypothermia has been studied in adults with traumatic brain injury, its benefit may be especially prominent in children. As children's brains are developing rapidly, any significant injury has the potential to cause serious long-term effects. Therapeutic hypothermia has been shown to reduce neurologic dysfunction as well as improve mortality.
Neonatal ischemic encephalopathy: Newborn infants who experience decreased oxygen flow to their brains are at great risk of developing brain damage. Hypothermia has been shown to improve not only their brain function but also their survival.
Stroke: There are some promising studies indicating that hypothermia may help improve recovery in stroke victims. At present, these studies are simply promising, but if validated by larger studies, the use of hypothermia for stroke victims may become more widespread.
Typically hypothermia is induced by using cool intravenous fluids and cooling blankets, but if only local hypothermia is needed the body part of interest can be packed in ice. Patients treated with therapeutic hypothermia may experience electrolyte disorders and may be at higher risk for pneumonia. Overall, however, in specific situations hypothermia can be useful adjunct medical treatment.
References
Hsu CY, Huang CH, Chang WT, Chen HW, Cheng HJ, Tsai MS, Wang TD, Yen ZS, Lee CC, Chen SC, Chen WJ. Cardioprotective effect of therapeutic hypothermia for post-resuscitation myocardial dysfunction. Shock. 2008 Dec 4.
David B. Seder, Salam Jarrah (2008). Therapeutic hypothermia for cardiac arrest: A practical approach Current Neurology and Neuroscience Reports, 8 (6), 508-517 DOI: 10.1007/s11910-008-0081-3
Patrick D. Lyden, Derk Krieger, Midori Yenari, W. Dalton Dietrich (2006). Therapeutic hypothermia for acute stroke International Journal of Stroke, 1 (1), 9-19 DOI: 10.1111/j.1747-4949.2005.00011.x
T HOEHN, G HANSMANN, C BUHRER, G SIMBRUNER, A GUNN, J YAGER, M LEVENE, S HAMRICK, S SHANKARAN, M THORESEN (2008). Therapeutic hypothermia in neonates. Review of current clinical data, ILCOR recommendations and suggestions for implementation in neonatal intensive care units? Resuscitation, 78 (1), 7-12 DOI: 10.1016/j.resuscitation.2008.04.027
Sven M Schulzke, Shripada Rao, Sanjay K Patole (2007). A systematic review of cooling for neuroprotection in neonates with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy – are we there yet? BMC Pediatrics, 7 (1) DOI: 10.1186/1471-2431-7-30
Nadeem I. Shafi, M Michele Mariscalco (2006). Considering the use of induced hypothermia in a pediatric patient with traumatic brain injury: A critical appraisal of two meta-analyses Pediatric Critical Care Medicine, 7 (5), 468-472 DOI: 10.1097/01.PCC.0000235258.79253.8C
WUHAN, China — When we landed in China early this week, we hadn't realized that a long holiday, the Dragon Boat Festival, was about to begin. It took us a little while to figure out why traffic was so light in Beijing, and why the offices where we were meeting officials were so deserted.
We were a handful of journalists on a three-city tour that included Beijing, Shanghai and Wuhan, an industrial city in central China. (The trip was organized by the China-United States Exchange Foundation, which organizes trips for Western journalists to China a handful of times per year.)
The news about Edward Snowden had just broken, and it was much on our minds. To us, at least, it seemed to scream for a Chinese response. Snowden, a 29-year-old employee of Booz Allen Hamilton, had leaked information about a huge program conducted by the National Security Agency to obtain a record of every phone call made in the United States. He also leaked news of another program, Prism, that gathered information from Facebook, Apple and other tech companies about the cyberactivity of customers. The revelations were astonishing.
Now Snowden was hiding out somewhere in Hong Kong, popping up just long enough to grant the occasional interview. What would China do if, say, Snowden asked for asylum? And what did China have to say about all this spying by the U.S. government?
Darwin always wins
In nature, bigger, healthier, stronger individuals tend to have more offspring and thus there is a selection pressure in their favor. But humans can put other kinds of pressure on species, for instance by targeting bigger fish, actually reducing their chances of survival and reproduction compared to smaller and weaker individuals. This is what scientists at Bangor University seem to have found, showing in the Trinidadian guppy, a tropical fish, that there is a shift in the genetic make-up of harvested fish to smaller less fertile individuals within just a few generations.
"Our findings have major implications for the sustainability of harvested populations," said Prof Gary Carvalho, of Bangor University's School of Biological Sciences. "We would urge the scientific community, policymakers and managers to consider the capacity of harvested stocks to adapt to, and recover from, harvesting and predation."
They've also shown that undoing the damage to the DNA gene pool of a species, making it return to larger fish, will take 5-10 times longer than anticipated -- "if the DNA change can be reversed at all".
This means we have to rethink how we try to prevent over-fishing and become a lot more careful about how fisheries are affected by human activity.
Via BBC
See also: Bluefin Tuna Doesn't Stand a Chance Against EU's Industrial Fishing Boats
See also: House-eating invasive species of giant snail found in Australian port
Another climate Fails. Add this to tornadoes and hurricanes not being linked either, and you find that the entire Joe Romm / Bill McKibben alarming industrial complex of doubtful linkages between weather and climate has pretty much collapsed.
From the article:
The USGS study — titled “Has the magnitude of floods across the USA changed with global CO2 levels” — found no clear relationship between the increase in greenhouse gas emissions blamed for climate change and the severity of flooding in three of four regions of the United States.
There is “virtually no evidence of increases or decreases in flood magnitudes” during the last 100 years in the northwestern and southeastern United States, USGS said. The study found that the northeastern United States “shows a tendency towards increases in flooding over this period.”
UPDATE: Dr. Roger Pielke Jr. writes that “This adds to a pile of research that shows similar results around the world. ”
===============================================================
Hydrological Sciences Journal
Has the magnitude of floods across the USA changed with global CO 2 levels? DOI: 10.1080/02626667.2011.621895 R. M. Hirscha* & K. R. Rybergb Available online: 24 Oct 2011
Abstract
Statistical relationships between annual floods at 200 long-term (85–127 years of record) streamgauges in the coterminous United States and the global mean carbon dioxide concentration (GMCO2) record are explored. The streamgauge locations are limited to those with little or no regulation or urban development. The coterminous US is divided into four large regions and stationary bootstrapping is used to evaluate if the patterns of these statistical associations are significantly different from what would be expected under the null hypothesis that flood magnitudes are independent of GMCO2. In none of the four regions defined in this study is there strong statistical evidence for flood magnitudes increasing with increasing GMCO2. One region, the southwest, showed a statistically significant negative relationship between GMCO2 and flood magnitudes. The statistical methods applied compensate both for the inter-site correlation of flood magnitudes and the shorter-term (up to a few decades) serial correlation of floods.
Citation Hirsch, R.M. and Ryberg, K.R., 2012. Has the magnitude of floods across the USA changed with global CO 2 levels? Hydrolological Sciences Journal, doi: 10.1080/02626667.2011.621895.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Just when you think you've heard it all, here's another limp, sweaty handshake of an excuse used by some dude to justify what very well might have been rape.
The victim claims that London stockbroker Daniel Green raped her after a drug and alcohol-fueled party last May at the offices of StratX, a brokerage firm. According to the Telegraph, the woman had fallen asleep in an office in order to wait for the next train in the morning home. After a brief conversation, the pair started to have consensual sex, trying first in a “spooning” position and then turning around to face each other. It was then that Green noticed that the woman was crying.
Advertisement
From the Telegraph:
“I looked up and I see a tear on her face. So I sat back. I said, ‘F*** you are crying?' She replied, ‘Can you leave please, just go'.” “Maybe my penis was hurting her. I always have difficulty when it comes to having sex with girls. I find my penis is hard to penetrate females.” The defendant said his penis was 10 inches long and around four inches in girth, demonstrating for the jury with his hand.
Advertisement
Asking someone to leave with tears in your eyes during a sex act doesn't seem like the behavior of a person confronted with a penis so large that it causes her physical pain. While I'm sure Green has convinced himself that his massive schlong has moved many a “female” to tears over the years, using that tissue-thin excuse in a court of law when one is on the stand accused of rape is rich.
The woman testified that she had crawled away from Green and was crying not because of his fucking baby arm of a dick, but because he was allegedly raping her. In testimony earlier this week, the woman told the court that she repeatedly said “no” during the incident and said to the court “I absolutely didn't consent to sex with Daniel.”
Tourists too scared to take to the wheel, or simply wanting a more relaxing holiday, are paying to be chauffeur-driven around the country.
Police warn that thousands of extra travellers will be on the roads in the coming days as Waitangi weekend coincides with the start of the Chinese New Year holiday period – also known as Golden Week.
While more tourists are turning to self-drive holidays, a few are using the growing number of companies offering chauffeur services.
KIRK HARGREAVES/FAIRFAX NZ Christchurch-based chauffeur Robin Adams acts as both taxi driver and guide for overseas visitors. "I mother them all the way around."
Some customers are older, well-heeled professionals who want to enjoy the view without being herded onto group bus tours. Chauffeurs are also picking up business from tourists too frightened to continue driving after close calls. Others need transport after having their rental vehicle contracts cancelled for dangerous driving.
READ MORE:
* Rental car companies scramble to meet demand from overseas visitors
* Overseas drivers have rental cars 'seized'
* Foreign driver has rental car taken by police after complaints from public
* Inattention and road design linked to horror crash near Oamaru
* Crash data shows danger level of foreign drivers
Former high country musterer Robin Adams, 77, ran motels before setting up Chauffeur New Zealand 12 years ago, and regularly takes visitors on week-long tours.
KIRK HARGREAVES/FAIRFAX NZ Tourists usually hire chauffeur Robin Adams for a week at a time and he takes them to places they would never normally get to see.
His $700 a day fee covers his accommodation, but charges of $1000-plus per day are not uncommon in the industry, with clients paying for their own accommodation on top.
Adams has driven everyone from a Bollywood director to a Singaporean heart surgeon, but six weeks ago received an S.O.S from a Rotorua motel owner on behalf of a visiting Indian family.
"He said 'they're an accident waiting to happen. They've had two chose shaves today, and the whole family will be wiped out if they don't get a driver'."
SUPPLIED American tourists Kathy Lerner, left, and Janice Ruggier, with driver and guide Alex Cameron beside Lake Wakatipu.
The family paid for return flights to Queenstown so Adams could fit them in between other bookings. He reluctantly agreed to assess the father's driving ability with a trip around the block. "He thought he could drive an automatic car like a manual and he was using the brake as a clutch."
Faith Pandian, of Christchurch Touring Company, specialises in chauffeured day tours. She helped out a family who had their rental car confiscated after the husband was caught doing 145kmh near Queenstown.
Co-owner of Queenstown-based Southern Limousines, Jeremy Crichton, is building a new depot at Frankton for his fleet of 16 luxury tour vehicles.
He gets two or three multi-day bookings a year from people who start out driving a rental vehicle – often a campervan – and give up because it's too hard.
"They sit overseas, see Australia and little old New Zealand on a map and underestimate completely the time and distance.The most common question I get is 'Where are all your freeways?'"
The Rental Vehicle Association estimates 80 per cent of the 120,000 rental vehicles hires this month will be to overseas vistors.
Association chief executive Barry Kidd said one or two rental contracts a week were cancelled over the summer season as a result of drivers causing crashes, or being caught driving dangerously.
They had to pay the "salvage" costs of getting rental vehicles back to designated drop off points, which could prove expensive if rental companies fly staff to remote locations to collect confiscated vehicles.
A visitor who recently had his licence cancelled for speeding on the West Coast was billed $700 to get the car returned to Christchurch.
The bulk of long distance chauffeur work is for clients like Kathy Lerner and Janice Ruggieri, an American couple in their sixties who did a 15-day tour with The Road Trip company just over a year ago.
The experienced travelers rated it as one of their top five holidays and they enjoyed having chauffeur Alex Cameron as their personal guide, Lerner said.
"He knew the perfect places to eat based on what we liked. During the trip we had flexibility to make changes. We never felt rushed while taking photographs and hiking."
The Road Trip owner Chris Cameron said business had increased 260 per cent within three years. "Last December was the busiest month and we had a record 26 departures. In the next two weeks we have 10 tours leaving."
Laura Hooykaas, of NZ Chauffeur Ltd in Auckland, had 20 contracted drivers and said her customers were prepared to pay $1000 a day for a "bespoke" tour in a luxury SUV.
"It allows them to relax and enjoy the scenery and the time with family. They don't need to worry about driving from place to place, how to get there, the roads, where the petrol stations are. Everything is taken care of."
Meanwhile, Canterbury road policing manager Inspector Ash Tabb said there would be more patrols on South Island roads this weekend to monitor risky driving, including those speeding, crossing the centre line, not wearing seat belts, using cellphones or drunk-driving.
Police said the majority of drivers caught straddling the centre line were New Zealanders. However, on Friday Yi Zhu, 45, a visitor from Shanghai, was ordered to pay $7000 for causing a head-on crash near Glenorchy on Tuesday after the court heard he had been "instinctively" on the wrong side of the road.
Zhu had pleaded guilty to two charges of careless driving causing injury.
Motorists could report unsafe driving by calling *555.
A current western x-buddhist dogma holds that there exists “the present moment.” It is a dogma that is so passionately embraced by x-buddhists of all stripes, so universally imbued with wondrous properties, so determinative of x-buddhist beliefs and behaviors, that I'd elevate it to a fetish. The fetish of the present moment. There is even a new podcast by the Secular Buddhist Association called “Present Moment: Mindfulness Practice and Science.” I'd guess that the current outbreak of the fetish among secular-buddhists, broadly conceived, can be traced back to Jon Kabat-Zinn's paradigmatic statement about “mindfulness:”
Mindfulness can be thought of as moment-to-moment, non-judgmental awareness, cultivated by paying attention in a specific way, that is, in the present moment, and as non-reactively, as non-judgmentally, and as openheartedly as possible. (Emphasis added)
Perhaps, there is no clearer evidence that the fetish is spreading far and wide in x-buddhist circles than a recent Guardian article with the headline:
Zen Buddhism teaches us of the importance of living in the present. Forget about learning from the past and applying those lessons to the future: reclaim and expand the present moment
The author employs a rhetoric of time that is, I would argue, emblematic of a view that is fast becoming universally and unquestioningly accepted in x-buddhist circles. It also expresses or suggests values that increasingly inform x-buddhist thought and behavior. These values include, for instance, an attitude of quiescence; passivity in relation to social formations; the desirability of a non-thinking subject; privileging pristine understanding over messy active analysis; retreat from political action; belief in utopia; a sense of superiority.
The emphasis on the present moment is perhaps zen's the most distinctive characteristic. In our western relationship with time, in which we compulsively pick over the past in order to learn lessons from it, and then project into a hypothetical future in which those lessons can be applied, the present moment has been compressed to a tiny sliver on the clock face between a vast past and an infinite future. … [Zen] tries to have you understand, without arguing the point, that there is no purpose in getting anywhere if, when you get there, all you do is think about getting to some other future moment. Life exists in the present, or nowhere at all, and if you cannot grasp that you are simply living a fantasy.
Without arguing the point, indeed!
A lot depends, of course, on what is meant by “the present moment.” The categories of past, present, and future obviously do a certain kind of useful work in everyday life. Who would deny that it makes sense for us to speak of the seemingly continuous, unfolding now as the present, yesterday as the past, and tomorrow as the future? This kind of temporal distinction is so basic to subjective experience and social necessity as to be rendered trivial. So why do x-buddhists, whether Secular or Zen, imbue being in the present moment with an exalted mana-like quality?1
I think an answer can be found in unblocking the assumption that “the present” implies something much more profound than a mere convenient temporal division. The place to begin this unblocking is in the premise of the “tiny sliver.” In x-buddhism, “the present” is accorded the status of a real existent. It is an actual pool of time situated between past and future. The present is as distinct from the past and future as the past is from the future. In the x-buddhist view, none of these times ever leaks into the other. Thus, the present is literally demarcated from past and future. It is a distinct reality, moreover, that, if inhabited by the practitioner, results in far-reaching qualitative, existential changes.
This x-buddhist dogma-fetish of the present is not new or even necessarily secular-driven. Here's a traditional Soto Zen teacher on the topic. He uses Dogen (1200-1253) to support his assertions.
All Buddhist masters have affirmed that reality is the present moment–here and now. They affirm that the truth of this world is just that the universe exists at this time and at this place. This statement is the sort of statement that, when someone makes it, we hear it and vaguely wonder–hmmm. But what do they actually mean by this statement. What is the present moment? How long does it last for? Does it have a length? For example, what part of what I am saying is the present moment, and why is it that, if Buddhist masters can make such a definite statement, the present still feels such a vaguely defined thing? The common understanding of the present means vaguely “round about now.” But Buddhist masters go further than making a vague statement. For instance in Shobogenzo Genjo Koan, Master Dogen insists that: “Firewood becomes ash; it can never go back to being firewood. Nevertheless we should not take the view that ash is its future and firewood is its past. Remember, firewood abides in the place of firewood in the dharma. Although it has a past and a future, the past and the future are cut off. Ash exists in the place of ash in the dharma.” Here Master Dogen wants to emphasize that the present moment is instantaneous, cut off from the past and the future. Again this is not difficult to listen to, but can it really be true?
Zen Master Eido concludes that, yes, it really is true, the past and the future are completely cut off from the present.
A different perspective is taken at the Science Philosophy Chat Forum. Someone posed these questions about “a moment:”
How can a moment exist for us as humans in physical reality?
What is the smallest unit of “time”?
More to the point – What are the implications of your answers to these questions in terms of physics, neurology and the nature of the universe?
The reflections below contain rich materials for thinking “the present-moment” at the Great Feast of Knowledge.2 If these reflections have any validity, they should have significant consequences for x-buddhism's rhetorical building block of “the present moment.” For instance, the response refutes the possibility of a past-free present (so does the x-buddhist theory of contingency, paticcasamuppada, but that's another story). It renders absurd the x-buddhist dogma of “direct experience.” It also reveals Kabat-Zinn's “non-reactivity” and “non-judgementalism” to be chimera of deluded observation and shoddy thinking. Anyway, maybe one of you, a reader, would like to flesh out further consequences of the scuttling of this pervasive x-buddhist rhetorical trope. There is plenty of good, suggestive material here for that work. For your consideration:
Contrary to theoretical philosophical discussions on the possibility/impossibility of the “present moment,” the neurological perspective solves many contradictions: 1) most sensory systems display adaptation, which means that their momentary discharge partly relates to the momentary stimulus, partly relates to the way the stimulus is changing (and therefore the past) 2) all neuronal circuits introduce variable delays in parallel processing of the same information, in such a way that the momentary activity of a neuronal circuit always combines “the present” and “the past”, i.e. the brain is constantly processing momentary information together with the way such information is changing in time 3) as a consequence of the above, the brain elaborates change with time with the same efficiency with which it elaborates current information, so that the “neurological moment” simultaneously is a representation of the actual moment, past events and the way things change out of and within ourselves.
1 See “Elixir of Mindfulness”
2 The Great Feast of Knowledge is a speculative non-buddhist trope intended to capture a scene where x-buddhism's representatives discuss their views and theories alongside of physics, art, philosophy, literature, biology, psychology, and other disciplines of knowledge. A central contention of speculative non-buddhism, of course, is that all forms of x-buddhism confuse knowledge of the world with discourses on knowledge of the world; and that we need a critical practice like The Great Feast to help us discern the difference. In such an exchange, X-buddhism loses all status as specular authority. That loss is significant because it permits a consideration of x-buddhism's views on equal footing with the feast's other participants. (From “Feast, Interrupted“)
Sources
Present Moment: Mindfulness Practice and Science
Master Eido's article
Science Philosophy Chat Forum
Guardian article
Wow! What a ride it has been.
Who could have predicted all the amazing things which have happened over the years since the humble and serendipitous beginnings of the Kansas City Startup Village back in 2012?
Although the village, better known as KCSV, is no more in the physical sense, the spirit of the village lives on through all of the wonderful entrepreneurs, startups, programs and initiatives which emerged from it over the years. The energy of the village continues to reverberate throughout Kansas City inspiring more and more people to take part in the StartupKC ecosystem.
So much has happened already, and there is still so much more to come…
Looking to get involved with Kansas City's startup community?
Awesome! It's open to anybody and everybody who wants to get engaged. Whether your an entrepreneur (or looking to become one), a corporate leader, a savvy investor, an educator, or a curious citizen there is a place for you in the community, and we'd love to have you join us.
Start by visiting the “Get Involved” page on the Kansas City Startup Foundation website:
https://www.kcstartupfoundation.org/get-involved
From there, you'll find many ways to begin your journey and get connected.
#onward #upward #StartupKC
1 of 9 View Captions
Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Willie Jessop inside a home intended for the family of Warren Jeffs in Hildale, Friday Apri Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune A sign reads, "Zion", over the door of a home intended for the family of Warren J Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Willie Jessop on the steps of a home intended for the family of Warren Jeffs in Hildale, Fr Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune The view outside a window of a home intended for the family of Warren Jeffs in Hildale, Fri Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Willie Jessop hand cranks open a large metal gate to a compound in Hildale, Friday April 26 Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune A large home intended for the family of Warren Jeffs in Hildale, Friday April 26, 2013. The Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune A kitchen inside a home intended for the family of Warren Jeffs in Hildale, Friday April 26 Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Willie Jessop hand cranks open a large metal gate to a compound in Hildale, Friday April 26 Warren Jeffs
Image caption The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) attacks the immune system
A baby girl in the US born with HIV appears to have been cured after very early treatment with standard drug therapy, doctors say.
The Mississippi child is now two-and-a-half years old and has been off medication for about a year with no signs of infection.
More testing needs to be done to see if the treatment - given within hours of birth - would work for others.
If the girl stays healthy, it would be the world's second reported 'cure'.
Analysis There is currently no cure for HIV. This latest case of a baby girl in the US who was treated within hours of birth and has since been disease-free off HIV medication does not mean we have found this Holy Grail. While the findings are encouraging, it remains to be seen if the treatment will provide permanent remission. Experts also say the same treatment would not work in older children and adults with HIV as the virus will have already become too established. Public health doctors say prevention is still the best way to beat HIV. If expectant mothers with HIV are given anti-HIV treatment during pregnancy and then have a low-risk Caesarean delivery and do not breastfeed, their babies have a 98% chance of being HIV negative. Analysis: A cure for HIV?
Dr Deborah Persaud, a virologist at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, presented the findings at the Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in Atlanta.
"This is a proof of concept that HIV can be potentially curable in infants," she said.
Cocktail of drugs
In 2007, Timothy Ray Brown became the first person in the world believed to have recovered from HIV.
His infection was eradicated through an elaborate treatment for leukaemia that involved the destruction of his immune system and a stem cell transplant from a donor with a rare genetic mutation that resists HIV infection.
In contrast, the case of the Mississippi baby involved a cocktail of widely available drugs, known as antiretroviral therapy, already used to treat HIV infection in infants.
It suggests the swift treatment wiped out HIV before it could form hideouts in the body.
These so-called reservoirs of dormant cells usually rapidly reinfect anyone who stops medication, said Dr Persaud.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dr Deborah Persaud, Johns Hopkins Children's Center: "This sets the stage for paediatric care agenda"
The baby was born in a rural hospital where the mother had only just tested positive for HIV infection.
Because the mother had not been given any prenatal HIV treatment, doctors knew the baby was at high risk of being infected.
Researchers said the baby was then transferred to the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson.
Once there, paediatric HIV specialist Dr Hannah Gay put the infant on a cocktail of three standard HIV-fighting drugs at just 30 hours old, even before laboratory tests came back confirming the infection.
We really can quite confidently conclude at this point that the child does very much appear to be cured Dr Rowena Johnston, Foundation for Aids Research
"I just felt like this baby was at higher-than-normal risk and deserved our best shot," Dr Gay said.
The treatment was continued for 18 months, at which point the child disappeared from the medical system. Five months later the mother and child turned up again but had stopped the treatment in this interim.
The doctors carried out tests to see if the virus had returned and were astonished to find that it had not.
Dr Rowena Johnston, of the Foundation for Aids Research, said it appeared that the early intervention that started immediately after birth worked.
"I actually do believe this is very exciting.
"This certainly is the first documented case that we can truly believe from all the testing that has been done.
"Many doctors in six different laboratories all applied different, very sophisticated tests trying to find HIV in this infant and nobody was able to find any.
"And so we really can quite confidently conclude at this point that the child does very much appear to be cured."
A spokeswoman for the HIV/Aids charity the Terrence Higgins Trust said: "This is interesting, but the patient will need careful ongoing follow-up for us to understand the long-term implications for her and any potential for other babies born with HIV."
We still have so, so far to go in this country toward LGBT tolerance and equality. But it's incredible to consider how far we've come. Not just in the past few months. In the span of just one person's lifetime, she has gone from coyly deflecting questions about why she isn't married to talking hopefully about tying the knot – with the woman she's been with for over four decades.
Fans who recall her earlier career know that actress and comic pioneer Lily Tomlin spent much of it circumspect about her sexuality. Sure, she openly acknowledged her collaborator Jane Wagner; she narrated the documentary "The Celluloid Closet" in 1995. But last year, Michael Musto said that Armistead Maupin, who wrote the narration for the film, had been displeased with "the absurdity of having a closeted person like her narrate" it. Tomlin didn't officially come out until a 2000 interview with New York City cable-access TV program Gay USA. Back then, she explained, "I'm not going to make a big national case of it which is what, really, everybody would like to do, or some people. But in most articles, most people refer to Jane as my partner or my life-partner or whatever ... We've been around so long and been through so much and I always kind of took a lot of stuff for granted. I also never wanted to be anybody's spokesperson or poster person. You know, I see what happens to too many people." A year earlier, she told Denver's Out Front, "I never officially came out in any kind of really public way. I just always lived very simply and openly, but the press has never made a big fuss about me or said anything to me."
Advertisement:
In the intervening years, however, more details of her life have emerged, including some strong suggestions that there have been a few fusses and things had been said along the way after all – and that her privacy was a more conscious choice. Last year, Tomlin told Rosie O'Donnell that back when she and Wagner were doing TV specials, "One of our writers said to me, 'I think you and Jane should come to work in separate cars.'" Tomlin has also revealed that in 1975, more than two decades before Ellen DeGeneres would announce "Yup, I'm gay" on its cover, Time magazine asked her to be the first to come out on its front page. "I was more insulted than anything," she has said. "I felt it was a bribe: 'We need a gay person, and we'll take anybody!'" She's admitted, however, "In some ways, I regret that I didn't do it, that I didn't take that opportunity. But at that time, my inflated idea about myself as an artist superseded everything." She's further acknowledged that her admitting her sexuality was "hard" on her mother – who also had a gay son – because "She was concerned the rest of the family would somehow be critical or I'd somehow suffer in some way." And this past spring, she contrasted the present climate with that of her earlier career, recalling, "It is remarkably wonderful [that celebrities can be openly gay], because I was on Carson one night back in '73. Carson said to me, knowing full well what he was saying, he said, 'Well, now you've never been married, have you?' I said, 'No.' And he said, 'Don't you want to have children?' And you could hear the audience got dead [silent], because in those days if a girl said she didn't want to have children or plan to get married it was ... something's wrong with you."
But on Monday evening, a mere 40 years after sitting down with Carson, she was eager to talk about her relationship and her plans. At an Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Pre-Emmy Performers Peer Group reception, Tomlin, who turns 74 in September, noted proudly that she and her 78-year-old partner, Wagner, have been together for 42 years. Then later, she revealed to E! that "We're thinking maybe we'll get married." Calling the recent strides toward marriage equality "pretty remarkable," she added, "You don't really need to get married, but marriage is awfully nice. Everybody I know who got married, they say it really makes a difference. They feel very, very happy about it."
For Tomlin, who's lived her whole public life determined to not be coerced into anything, being able to freely choose to marry or not to marry is awfully nice indeed. It's an evolution of an individual's life and the world in which she lives, a possibility that was all but unimaginable not so very long ago. And if Tomlin does walk down aisle, she's determined to do it as she's done everything else in her career – on her terms. "No rings, no bridal dresses," she told E!. "Maybe we'll be dressed like chickens."
A racist Facebook post by the wife of the Riverhead town attorney has sparked a controversy. The post has since been deleted, but the scandal that's behind it is not going away.Now, Robert Kozakiewicz is trying to distance himself from his wife's remarks, calling them inexcusable.The rant has sent shock waves well beyond the community. Here is a screen grab of the now-deleted post:"Terribly upset about it," resident Butch Langhorn said. "It never should have happened."Langhorn is a lifelong resident of Riverhead, a town of 35,000 that is at least 10 percent African-American.Kozakiewicz was appointed by the town board and makes critical decisions that could affect many. He appeared shaken and apologetic on News12 Monday."It's not something I support," he said. "Anybody who knows me, knows that's not me. It's not something I support or endorse. It's inexcusable."Riverhead Town Supervisor Sean Walter has spoken out in support of Kozakiewicz."His wife is very sick," he said. "I'm not going to take anything away. Those comments were absolutely horrific, but Bob's wife suffers from some mental illnesses, in my unprofessional opinion, brought on by alcoholism."Some have suggested that Kozakiewicz should step down, while others are still not sure what to say."I would like to see some dialogue," said Majorie Acevedo, with the Riverhead Anti-Bias Task Force. "Everybody open up. I think at one point, maybe Bob should take a leave of absence."Kozakiewicz did not respond to repeated requests for an interview.
REDFORD, Mich. - A family in Redford is devastated and upset over the deaths of their two dogs.
Family members said eight months ago their neighbor's dogs attacked and killed their little dog, and then just a few weeks ago it happened again.
Police responded and filed a report after each dog was killed.
On May 6 Cheryl Smith and Ramon Smith let their two shih tzus out in the backyard; only one of the dogs, Stripe, returned. They found Sammy moments later dead in the neighbor's yard.
A gap in the neighbor's fence allowed the two huskies to snatch him. The Smiths filed a police report and talked with an animal control officer.
"He told us that he was going to pick the dogs up and have the dogs quarantined, but nothing ever took place," Cheryl Smith said.
Eight months to the day it happened again. This time it happened through a hole dug under the fence.
"My poor little dog. They drug him through. They pulled -- his fur was stuck on the bottom of the fence," Ramon Smith said.
Again, another police report, but no change.
"No justice. It feels like a kick in the face. We're taxpayers and we've been living here for 11 years," Cheryl Smith said.
The mother of the woman who owns the huskies told Local 4 News they've never been vicious and there were no witnesses to the attacks, so while she's remorseful, she's not convinced their dogs are responsible.
"She just needs to be held responsible. They need to take those dogs and they need to permanently remove those dogs from the property," Cheryl Smith said.
It turns out the first animal control officer either quit or got fired during the first investigation and still hasn't been replaced.
Local 4 News is told that case fell through the cracks, but police are handling the second one and the day Local 4 called them about this, they issued a summons to the owner of the huskies to go to court and prove her dogs aren't vicious.
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
EX-footballer and TV pundit Michael Stewart is bidding to become an MP in next year's general election.
The former Hearts captain – who also played for Hibs and Scotland – is one of three candidates in the running to be named the SNP's Westminster candidate for Edinburgh West.
The avid Yes campaigner, 33, will go up against city councillor and finance leader Alasdair Rankin and Business for Scotland managing director Michelle Thomson.
City SNP leader Steve Cardownie confirmed the Sportscene presenter's nomination.
He said: “I heard from another councillor last night that Michael Stewart was standing. Nominations are now closed so it's no secret, we have our three candidates.”
The trio will square off in the Edinburgh West SNP's candidate hustings event on January 9, at the Munro Centre on Parkgrove Street, before challenging Lib Dem Mike Crockart for his seat at Westminster.
Edinburgh-born Stewart launched his career with Manchester United in 1998 after a stint with the club's youth team.
He made his senior debut for the club in October 2000 against Watford, and went on to play for the reds for several years before being loaned to Nottingham Forest and Hearts.
He then signed with city rivals Hibs at the end of his Manchester United contract, making 54 appearances at Easter Road and scoring two goals during his two years there.
Stewart returned to Hearts in 2007 and was made captain two years later following the departure of Robbie Neilson.
He left the club in 2010, briefly playing abroad and in the English Premier League before retiring from football and become a sports pundit.
A staunch supporter of independence, he helped launched the Sport for Yes campaign in May.
Speaking at the time, he said: “My sport already competes as a nation in our own right and I was fortunate to pull on the dark blue strip to compete, but not everyone has had the chance.”
Stewart joins comedy boss Tommy Sheppard, the former Scottish Labour deputy general secretary who campaigned for a Yes vote and joined the SNP in the aftermath of the referendum, who confirmed earlier this month that he is in the running to become the SNP candidate in Edinburgh East. He will face competition from local SNP councillors Mike Bridgman and Alex Lunn.
SNP councillor and Hibs supporter Paul McLennan, said Stewart's bid for Westminster had been on the cards.
“There has been plenty of talk for some time about his intentions, and it certainly doesn't come as a surprise,” he said.
“Michael was an extremely active campaigner in the independence referendum.”
Latest polls show the party's rising popularity with 43 per cent saying they intend to vote nationalist.
Have you ever seen a better vegetable for stuffing than the humble delicata squash? Each perfect yellow and green-striped edible tube becomes an ideal vessel for every sort of filling imaginable, no matter how you cut or cook it. I'm no stranger to the concept, but all sorts of inspiration has steered my seasonings in an entirely different direction since those first filled squash emerged from the oven.
Allow me to introduce to you a prime candidate for your new Thanksgiving main dish, replete with a very posh-sounding beluga lentil filling. Sparkling like legume caviar within their roasted golden delicata containers, these particular lentils eschew the typical autumnal spices found on every festive table in favor of more worldly flavors. Infused with an aromatic blend of cumin, mustard seeds, and jalapeno, this entry is guaranteed to spice up the traditional feast. Spiced rather than spicy, it's designed to suit a wide range of palates, subtle enough not to offend those who appreciate less heat but want abundant umami to savor on their plates.
Complimenting that distinctive piquancy is a creamy cashew-based raita, replete with cooling mint leaves and crisp diced cucumber. Don't even dream of skipping it; that rich final flourish ties together the meal, elevating the dish into something truly memorable. It's the kind of surprisingly easy dinner that eaters will rave about for years to come, but by all means, don't just save it for an annual event. Stuffed delicata are delightful all autumn and winter, if not beyond those seasonal boundaries, too.
Like all the best Thanksgiving dishes, stuffed delicata are rock stars for prepping in advance and waiting patiently until their solo arrives. Bake and stuff them as written, cover the casserole dish with foil, and simply reheat in a 350-degree oven for 10 – 20 minutes when the party begins.
Beluga Lentil-Stuffed Delicata Squash
2 Medium Delicata Squashes (About 1 Pound Each)
Lentil Stuffing:
2 Tablespoons Olive Oil
3 Shallots, Finely Diced
1 Jalapeno, Seeded and Finely Diced
1 1/2 Teaspoons Whole Cumin Seeds
1 1/2 Teaspoons Whole Mustard Seeds
1 Cup Dry Beluga Lentils
2 Cups Vegetable Broth
2/3 Cup Full-Fat Coconut Milk
1 Tablespoon Balsamic Vinegar
3/4 – 1 Teaspoon Salt
1/4 Teaspoon Freshly Ground Black Pepper
Cashew Raita:
1 Cup Raw Cashews Pieces, Soaked for About 4 Hours
2 Tablespoons Fresh Mint Leaves, Roughly Chopped
3 Tablespoons Lemon Juice
1/4 Cup Water
1/2 Teaspoon Salt
2 – 3 Persian Cucumbers, Finely Diced
Although it's the last addition to your stuffed squashes, it would be wise to prepare the cashew raita first so that it's ready to go when you are. Thoroughly drain your soaked cashews and toss them in your blender along with the chopped mint, lemon juice, water, and salt. Puree, pausing to scrape down the sides of the canister with a spatula as needed, until completely silky-smooth. This process may take longer if you use a lower-powered model, but stick with it; that creamy texture is important for successful raita. Once perfectly velvety, stir in the cucumber pieces by hand. Store in an air-tight container and keep refrigerated prior to serving.
For the filling, heat the olive oil in a medium pot over moderate heat before tossing in the diced shallots and jalapeno. Saute until translucent before introducing the cumin and mustard seeds next. Cook until the vegetables are lightly caramelized and the entire mixture is highly aromatic. Add the lentils and broth, cover, and bring to a boil. Once boiling, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for about 30 minutes when the lentils become tender. Add the coconut milk, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Keep the pot partially covered and simmer for an additional 5 – 10 minutes, until the final liquid addition has been absorbed. Cover and keep warm.
Meanwhile, as the lentils cook, preheat your oven to 375 degrees. Cut both squash in half lengthwise and scoop out (but reserve) seeds. Place each half with the cut sides down on a lightly greased baking sheet and bake for about 30 minutes, or until a fork easily pierces the flesh. Remove from the oven and let cool for at least 5 minutes before handling.
Reduce the heat to 250, toss the reserved seeds with just a splash of oil and a pinch of salt, and roast for just 10 – 20 minutes, stirring frequently to prevent them from burning. Once golden and crisp, let them cool completely.
To complete the dish, flip the roasted delicata squashes up to turn them into edible boats and spoon the warm lentils inside. Serve the cashew raita alongside for guests to top their squashes as desired, and finish with a sprinkle of roasted seeds.
Makes 4 Main Dish Servings; Cut the Halves in Half for 8 Side Dishes Servings
Printable Recipe
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
What's striking, though, about the certainty of these selections is how uncertain they would have seemed back on Opening Day. Judge had a terrible big league break-in toward the end of 2016, batting .179 with 42 strikeouts in 84 at-bats. And it would have been hard to guess Bellinger would be in the Majors and impacting the Dodgers by the end of April ("Honestly, I thought I was going to be a September callup," he said last month). These were well-regarded prospects, but not upper-echelon ones in the realm of Angels outfielder Mike Trout and Nationals outfielder Bryce Harper, who rocked our rookie world together, as anticipated, in '12.
We are awaiting the Rookie of the Year Award announcements but not really the results. It is all but a foregone conclusion that on Monday night (6 ET, MLB Network), Yankees outfielder Aaron Judge will be named the 2017 American League Rookie of the Year Award winner by the Baseball Writers' Association of America, and Dodgers first baseman Cody Bellinger will win the National League honor.
We are awaiting the Rookie of the Year Award announcements but not really the results. It is all but a foregone conclusion that on Monday night (6 ET, MLB Network), Yankees outfielder Aaron Judge will be named the 2017 American League Rookie of the Year Award winner by the Baseball Writers' Association of America, and Dodgers first baseman Cody Bellinger will win the National League honor.
What's striking, though, about the certainty of these selections is how uncertain they would have seemed back on Opening Day. Judge had a terrible big league break-in toward the end of 2016, batting .179 with 42 strikeouts in 84 at-bats. And it would have been hard to guess Bellinger would be in the Majors and impacting the Dodgers by the end of April ("Honestly, I thought I was going to be a September callup," he said last month). These were well-regarded prospects, but not upper-echelon ones in the realm of Angels outfielder Mike Trout and Nationals outfielder Bryce Harper, who rocked our rookie world together, as anticipated, in '12.
This combination of unexpected excellence leading to expected accolades harkens back to 2001, when Albert Pujols and Ichiro Suzuki emerged on the big league scene. Like Bellinger and Judge, the duo unpredictably pushed their teams to the postseason, with Ichiro joining Fred Lynn as the only rookies to win the ROY and Most Valuable Player awards. (Judge, an AL MVP Award finalist, could become the third.)
Video: A look back at Ichiro's historic 2001 rookie season
"People were skeptical of Ichiro coming to play over here," said then-Mariners general manager Pat Gillick, who signed Ichiro. "And the fact that Pujols has gone on for so many years? If anybody can forecast that, they're better than I am."
We couldn't forecast it, but we can look back on it. Here are the stories of 2001's rousing rookies.
Albert's arrival
The Cardinals selected Pujols with the 402nd pick of the 1999 Draft, and that's still an amazing sentence to type. Two hundred and ninety of the players who went before him never played a game in the Majors. Every team passed multiple times on the power-hitting shortstop from Maple Woods Community College (Mo.), the kid who hadn't been drafted after high school.
St. Louis finally picked Pujols and gave him a $30,000 signing bonus, with another $30,000 promised for his college tuition, should baseball not work out.
Spoiler alert: It worked out. But even when Pujols was on the verge of his 2001 breakout, the Cardinals had no idea the full extent of what they had. Coming off a 95-win season in which they fell just short of the World Series, the Cards certainly didn't have Pujols penciled into their roster plans.
Pujols was a non-roster invitee to Spring Training in 2001, wearing jersey No. 68 and having played only three games above Class A. He was on-hand, but off the radar … until he started hitting. He homered and tripled in the Cards' first intrasquad game, and perhaps that should have been the first clue.
"I was just excited to be around the big league club," Pujols said, 16 years later. "I wasn't really expecting to make the team, but I also prepared myself that offseason and got to Spring Training and pretty much took advantage of every opportunity they gave me."
Then-Cardinals manager Tony La Russa would update the media on his thoughts about Pujols, which quickly evolved from certainty that he'd head back to the Minors to open-mindedness to the idea of him sticking with the big league ballclub. La Russa has since dismissed as "myth" the idea that it was Bobby Bonilla's pulled hamstring that allowed Pujols a spot on the roster, but it's possible that's a bit of revisionist history.
Whatever the particulars, the 21-year-old Pujols batted sixth and played left field when Opening Day arrived on April 2, 2001, in Colorado.
Pujols didn't know if he'd remain with the club past that first series against the Rockies -- in which he went 1-for-9 -- because Bonilla was coming off the disabled list. But the club kept him for the weekend trip to Arizona.
On that Friday night, Pujols singled off Armando Reynoso in the second inning. Then, Reynoso tried to go up and in on him in the fourth, and Pujols pounded the ball out for the first of his 614 home runs. He later added a double off the wall in the fifth, then finished 7-for-14 with four extra-base hits over that weekend series vs. the D-backs.
Video: STL@ARI: Pujols hits his first Major League home run
"I had a really good series, and I stayed in that lineup a little longer than what everybody thought," Pujols said. "Obviously, as you know, the rest is history."
History was made in Pujols' rookie season. He set an NL rookie record with 130 RBIs and became just the second rookie to hit at least .320 with 35 homers (joining Hal Trosky of the 1934 Indians).
Pujols also compiled what was then the highest rookie OPS (1.013) since Ted Williams' 1.045 mark in 1939 (Judge bested both with a 1.049 OPS this year), while playing both outfield and infield corners. In a year in which Mark McGwire, Jim Edmonds and Edgar Renteria all regressed, Pujols was the biggest reason the Cards made it back to October as a Wild Card club.
"He never gave in to anything at the plate," said McGwire, now the Padres' bench coach. "The intensity he had from when he walked in the door right away was off the charts. He was just one of those guys that you knew has 'it.' The bottom line is, it wasn't hard to see. He came into Spring Training that year playing third base, first base, outfield. He did anything he could to make the ballclub. He ends up making the club, and he was playing everywhere. Then, I end up retiring, and he takes over at first base."
Pujols was a unanimous NL Rookie of the Year Award pick in 2001. But out in Seattle, there was a Japanese import who flew right past the rookie honor and into MVP terrain.
Ichiro's instant impact
People were surprised when a wiry 27-year-old import from the Orix BlueWave in the Japan Pacific League arrived in the big leagues and immediately became a 242-hit force for a Mariners team that tied an MLB record with 116 wins.
Those people were not named Ichiro.
"The year that I had in 2001, I wasn't surprised by it," Ichiro said through an interpreter. "I do remember that a lot of people were surprised by the kind of year that I had. So I was kind of surprised at people being surprised by the year that I had."
Another guy who wasn't surprised was Jim Colborn, the Pacific Rim scout for the Mariners who had formerly served as a pitching coach for the BlueWave. When Orix made Ichiro available to MLB teams via the posting system, it was Colborn who strongly advocated that the Mariners go hard after him.
"And," Gillick said, "I think he's the one who convinced Ichiro that Seattle was the place for him. Jimmy was bilingual, spoke Japanese, and it was pretty useful to be able to speak in Ichiro's native tongue. It was a baseball move, but at the same time, our owner at the time, Mr. [Hiroshi] Yamauchi, was a controlling shareholder in Nintendo, and Ichiro was his favorite player. So he didn't hesitate to get the posting on him."
It was a $13 million posting fee to the BlueWave, then a three-year, $14 million deal with Ichiro. Quite quickly, the Mariners' new right fielder proved to be worth every penny, destroying all doubt about his hit tool translating to the Major Leagues.
"In the winter time, before Spring Training, he came to Seattle to work out for the media and meet the media," Gillick recalled. "He took 150 swings without stepping out of the batter's box. Then, when we got into the season, there were a number of hits that people thought, 'Well, he's just lucky.' But he had amazing bat control and after a while, you realized it wasn't luck that was getting the base hits. It's almost like he guided the ball to the open parts of the field, as opposed to just swinging."
With his unorthodox pre-pitch routine -- body slightly crouched, knees together and black Mizuno bat waved over the ground like a weed wacker before it is held aloft, parallel to his upper body -- and his nightly stretching ritual, Ichiro became a marvel for fans and teammates alike.
And opponents learned quickly to not run on him.
Video: SEA@OAK: Ichiro throws out Long at third base
"From the beginning of the season, you could tell he was going to be in the league for a long time," former Mariners designated hitter Edgar Martinez said. "He's a smart guy, very disciplined on everything with his routine. He knows his swing really well, he knows his position really well. And he has an idea and approach with what he wants to do every at-bat."
That 2001 season was the first of an incredible 10 straight in which Ichiro reached the 200-hit mark. Yes, 192 of his hits in his rookie year were singles, but he also led the Majors with 56 stolen bases, turning many of those singles into doubles with his fleet feet. With a .350 average, Ichiro became the first rookie to win a batting title since Tony Oliva in 1964, and his 242 hits were not only a rookie record, but the most by any player in 71 years.
Video: OAK@SEA: Ichiro notches first MLB hit
A Mariners team that had lost Ken Griffey Jr. and Alex Rodriguez in successive offseasons set the AL wins record. At year's end, Ichiro was a near-unanimous pick for the Rookie of the Year Award (just one first-place vote went to the Indians' CC Sabathia). The MVP ballot was a lot tighter, but Ichiro got the edge over Oakland's Jason Giambi, with 289 voting points (11 first-place votes) to Giambi's 281 (eight first-place votes).
Only the beginning
Taken in tandem, Ichiro and Pujols were as prominent a pair of rookies as the game had seen in a single season.
"Those are two years that people are going to talk about forever," Pujols said.
But in the 16 seasons that have passed since 2001, Pujols and Ichiro, both of whom are locks for the Hall of Fame, have assured that they'll be remembered for far more than their first-year efforts.
"Many guys can have good numbers for a short period of time," Ichiro said. "But to do something for 10 years, he and I both know, that isn't easy. Even though we're different types of guys, I think that's what we have in common. It's a special bond that we have. Doing something for so many years of that caliber is what makes us special."
Only time can tell us if Judge and Bellinger will one day be viewed similarly.
"Every year, somebody wins Rookie of the Year," Ichiro said. "Some years, there are not good candidates. You look at somebody's numbers and say, 'That guy got Rookie of the Year?' But this year, you can know that they are worthy of that title. But to continue the work that they did this year is what's going to be important."
Authored by Paul Craig Roberts,
Those of us who have exited The Matrix are concerned that there are no checks on Washington's use of nuclear weapons in the interest of US hegemony over the world.
Washington and Israel are the threats to peace. Washington demands world hegemony, and Israel demands hegemony in the Middle East.
There are two countries that stand in the way of Washington's world hegemony—Russia and China. Consequently, Washington has plans for preemptive nuclear strikes against both countries. It is difficult to imagine a more serious threat to mankind, and there is no awareness or acknowledgment of this threat among the Congress, the presstitute media, and the general public in the United States and Washington's European vassal populations.
Two countries and a part of a third stand in the way of Greater Israel. Israel wants the water resources of southern Lebanon, but cannot get them, despite twice sending in the Israeli Army, because of the Lebanese Hezbollah militia, which is supplied by Syria and Iran. This is why Syria and Iran are on Washington's hit list. Washington serves the military/security complex, Wall Street and the over-sized US banks, and Israel.
It is unclear if the Russians and Chinese understand that Washington's hostility toward them is not just some sort of misunderstanding that diplomacy can work out.
Clearly, Russia hasn't interfered in the US presidential election or invaded Ukraine, and does not intend to invade Poland or the Baltics. Russia let go the Soviet empire and is glad to see it gone, as the empire was expensive and of little benefit. The Soviet Eastern European empire comprised Stalin's buffer against another Western invasion. The Warsaw Pact had no offensive meaning. It was not the beginning, as misrepresented in Washington, of Soviet world domination.
I see a lack of clarity about the threat that Russia faces in Russian media reports and articles posted on Russian English language websites. I see a lack of clarity in Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov's continued efforts to work out accommodation with Washington. How can Lavrov work out accommodation with Washington when Washington intends to dominate or isolate Russia?
Lavrov and Russian media organizations do not always show awareness that it is not Washington's intention to accommodate other national interests.
It cannot be otherwise for these three reasons:
The budget for the US military/security complex is the largest in the world. It is larger than the Gross Domestic Product of many countries. It includes not only the Pentagon's budget but also the budgets of 16 US intelligence agencies and the Department of Energy, which is the location of the Oak Ridge nuclear weapons plant and 16 other national laboratories. When all the elements are added together, the military/security complex has annually the power and profit from $1,000 billion. An empire of this sort just doesn't give up and go away because some president or some part of the electorate want peace. The “Russian Threat” is essential to the power and profit of the military/security complex, about which President Eisenhower warned Americans 56 years ago. Just imagine how entrenched this power is now. The neoconservatives, who control both US foreign policy and the Western media's explanation of it, believe that the collapse of Soviet communism means that History has chosen the United States as the socio-politico-economic system, and that the US government has the responsibility to assert the hegemony of America over the earth. Just read the neocon documents. They assert this over and over. This is what it means that America is the exceptional and indispensable nation. If you are the indispensable nation, every other nation is dispensable. If you are exceptional, everyone else is unexceptional. The claim that the neoconservatives make for the US is similar to the claim that Hitler made for Germany. As Israel controls US Middle East policy, Israel uses its control to have Washington eliminate obstacles to Israel's expansion. So far Israel has achieved the overthrow of Saddam Hussein's government and chaos in Iraq, Washington's war on Syria, and Washington's demonization of Iran in the hope that sufficient demonization will justify war.
For the Russian Foreign Minister to believe that it is possible to reach accommodation with Washington, other than a Russian surrender, is nonsense. Perhaps this is Lavrov's use of diplomacy to delay the US attack while Russia prepares. Or perhaps Lavrov is just a diplomat who sticks to his last, despite the facts.
Much of the Russian media, both in Russian and foreign language broadcasts and websites, thinks that the Western misrepresentation of Russia is just a mistake and that that facts, once they are established, can rectify the mistake. These Russian journalists don't understand that Washington could not care less about facts. Washington desperately needs an enemy, and Russia is the enemy of choice.
The Chinese government seems to think that Wall Street and US corporations are too dependent on the cheap Chinese manufacturing labor, which keeps the US system fueled with profits, to jeopardize these profits by going to war.
By underplaying the risk of war, Russia and China fail to mobilize world opposition to Washington's recklessness and, thereby, enable Washington's move toward war.
The presstitutes serving the National Security State continue to drive toward conflict. Consider Newsweek's May 26, 2017, cover story with Putin on the cover and the caption: “The Plot Against America: Inside Putin's Campaign to Destroy Democracy in the U.S.”
It is difficult to imagine such ignorant nonsense from a mainstream news magazine. Democracy in America has been destroyed by special interest groups, by a US Supreme Court decision that gave the reins of power to special interest groups, and by a hoax war on terror that has destroyed the US Constitution. And here we have the presstitutes saying that Putin is destroying American democracy. Clearly, there is no extant intelligence anywhere in the Western media. The Western presstitutes are either corrupt beyond belief or ignorant beyond belief. Nothing else can be said for them.
Consider Time magazine's cover. It depicts Trump turning the White House into the foundation for the Kremlin and St. Basil's Cathedral, which rise above the White House, symbolizing America's subservience to Russia under President Trump. This extraordinary propaganda seems to be readily accepted by the bulk of the Western populations, peoples who will die as a result of their insouciance.
Even writers critical of Washington, such as Paul Street's recent article on CounterPunch and the English language Russian website, Strategic Culture Foundation, cannot bring themselves to state the truth that the US military/security complex needs a major enemy, has elected Russia for that role, and intends to defend this orchestration to the end of humanity on earth.
Street writes about “How Russia Became ‘Our Adversary' Again.” According to Street, Russia became the enemy of choice because Russia protected part of the world's population and resources from being exploited by global capital. Russia became the number one enemy of the US also because Putin stopped the American exploitation of Russia economically. Putin is in the way of Washington's exploitation of the world.
Much of what Street says is correct, but he is hesitant to state it in a straightforward manner. He has to dilute his message by repeating the obligatory propaganda. Street calls Trump, who originally wanted normal relations with Russia, an “orange-haired brute . . . [who admires] Putin's authoritarian manliness.”
Trump's problems originated in his goal of normalizing relations with Russia. Hillary is the brute who intended to worsen the relations.
Putin is a democrat, not an authoritarian. The authoritarians are in Washington. Surely Paul Street and CounterPunch know this. But Street has to protect himself from speaking some politically incorrect truths about the US and Russia by throwing in some anti-Putin propaganda and denigrating President Trump.
That peace with Russia and China would undermine the justification of the $1,000 billion military/security budget, and that the military/security complex is the American government, is too much truth for most writers to state.
Truth is the rarest element in the Western world, and we will not be permitted to have much of it much longer. Increasingly, truth is difficult to find. Soak it up while it is still available.
Academy of Dover was placed on formal review because of concerns about its financial management. State officials could have chosen to close the school, but instead placed it on probation. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
The former principal at the Academy of Dover charter school, Noel Rodriguez, used school money to make $127,866 in personal purchases, reimburse employees for buying alcohol and other barred items, pay legal fees for a sexual harassment lawsuit and give arbitrary bonuses to teachers, a report by State Auditor Tom Wagner's office says.
In addition to those abuses, the audit found $129,458 that could not be proved as either school or personal purchases.
"It is likely that these practices go back further than our investigation," a news release from Wagner's office said. "However, the older the occurrence, the more time it takes to investigate and the more unlikely we are to get answers about exactly what was purchased."
The audit excoriates Rodriguez, who left the school in September 2014 at the school board's request. It said some school staff called him a "bully" and a "manipulator" and compared him to "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde."
In addition to opening a State of Delaware Procurement Card, sometimes called a "PCard," the audit says Rodriguez opened school credit cards at Home Depot, Lowes, Sam's Club and Staples.
The alleged personal purchases include almost $39,500 in electronics, $11,433 at restaurants, $7,287 in household items and $8,854 in tools.
The audit says school staff described Rodriguez as a "Christmas fanatic" and said he bought more than $2,000 in Christmas decor.
The Auditor's Office says it found pictures in which Rodriguez was showing figurines and decorative items purchased with school money.
"Displaying such items at the school demonstrates a flagrant disregard for the trust invested in his position and sets a culture ripe for abuse," the audit says.
Once Rodriguez caught wind of the investigation, he returned some items purchased with school money to the school, including a generator, car jack, washer, dryer and lawn mower.
According to the audit, Academy of Dover incurred legal fees of $36,137, including a $2,500 settlement cost, when a former employee sued, alleging she was fired for rejecting Rodriguez' sexual advances.
Rodriguez broke the rules in several ways when reimbursing employees, the audit found.
He did not always get itemized receipts, approved hotel and mileage reimbursements that exceeded the allowed amounts and reimbursed employees for almost $80 worth of alcoholic beverages, which state law doesn't allow.
The audit also says Rodriguez granted raises to staff without any documented justification. In one case, an employee got a $6,320 raise – about a 20 percent increase – while other employees were recommended for one or two percent raises.
Rodriguez himself got a one percent raise each year without any "basis or support," the audit says. He also got a $21,957 raise in a new contract in July 2014, putting his salary at $120,000.
"AOD's misuse of school funds occurred for more than three fiscal years without action from any oversight body and no mention of any issues by the CPA firm contracted by AOD to perform the financial statement and single audits," the report said
The auditor's office says the school's board of directors allowed the abuse to go on because it was poorly-trained and too cozy with Rodriguez and thus did little to hold him accountable.
"The board was led astray by the former principal and the board did not verify information he provided," the report said.
Wagner's report puts a fine point on a decision the Department of Education and State Board of Education made last week to place Academy of Dover on probation.
Academy of Dover was placed on formal review because of concerns about its financial management. State officials could have chosen to close the school, but instead placed it on probation.
That means the school must take action to put in stronger financial controls, train its board better and prove the purchases and lawsuits have don't threaten its financial viability. If state regulators aren't convinced the school has put its financial house in order, they could close it.
This is not the first time a charter school leader has been accused of such financial abuse.
The co-leaders of Family Foundations Academy were fired after accusations they made $94,000 in personal purchases.
These issues caused state Rep. Kim Williams to file legislation that would have the State Auditor's office oversee the firms that audit charters, as is the case for traditional public schools.
Currently, charters select their own outside auditors and set the contracts with them. Charter supporters oppose Williams' bill
Personal purchases
Below are some of the personal purchases former Academy of Dover principal Noel Rodriguez made with school money, according to a report from the State Auditor's office.
• Electronics, including a $499 treadmill, a camera lens bundle worth $1,049, a $400 PlayStation 4 video game console, various laptops including one costing $1,750, and televisions including a 55' TV worth $730.
• Restaurant bills totaling $11,433.
• Tools worth $8,854, including a garbage disposal, generators, drill sets, a gas engine pump and a chainsaw.
• A total of $7,288 in household items like a washer and dryer, several vacuum cleaners, bath towels and an air conditioner.
• High-end office supplies worth $4,098, including monogrammed pens, figurines and leather briefcases .
• Home improvement supplies totaling $3,113, including weed trimmers, a lawn mower, light fixtures and a ceiling fan.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1LsefGZ
Lizzie Deignan (née Armitstead) says that current therapeutic use exemption (TUE) system allows for an ethically grey area, and cycling's governing body, the UCI, must crack down on it. British Cycling and Team Sky have been under scrutiny in recent weeks following the leak, which, among other things, revealed Bradley Wiggins' TUE data. Related Articles Lizzie Armitstead and the three missed anti-doping tests - Podcast
Wiggins: Armitstead has 'no excuse' for missing three tests
Cavendish and Deignan spearhead Great Britain squads at Doha Worlds
Boels Dolmans end dominant season with team time trial world title
Team Sky riders comment on Wiggins controversy and TUE process
Lizzie Deignan: End of the rainbow not a disappointment
The files, which were released by the Russian hackers Fancy Bears last month, showed that Wiggins had received injections of triamcinolone acetonide ahead of the 2011 and 2012 Tours de France, and the 2013 Giro d'Italia. While Wiggins has not broken any rules, the timing of them raised several questions. Deignan echoed the thoughts of Team Sky rider Nicolas Roche who told Cyclingnews last week that the system needed revision.
"I think that the UCI needs to sort that issue out. It's a very blurred ethical line that needs the UCI to be much firmer [on]," Deignan told a small group of press at her team hotel in Doha, Qatar ahead of the UCI Road World Championships road race on Saturday.
Deignan herself felt the heat of public opinion after it was revealed she'd had a sanction overturned following three missed tests, allowing her to compete in the Olympic Games. The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) declared the first of those missed tests void, stating that the doping control officer from the UK Anti-Doping Agency [UKAD] had not done enough to locate her.
At the time, Wiggins said there was ‘no excuse' for Deignan, but she said: "In my situation, I would take everything I read and see with a pinch of salt. I would sit down with that person and take the time to see their reasons.
"I'd love to have a conversation with everybody that doubts me, I'd love to pick up the phone and be able to explain the situation, and I think people would be much more compassionate. But I can't do that and that's something I have to come to terms with."
Coming to terms with doubt
The story of Deignan's missed tests dates back to August 20, 2015, while she was in Sweden for the Vargarda World Cup event. The second came a little over a month later, soon after she'd won her world title when a spot check found an error in her whereabouts data. The final one was in June of this year, which Deignan says was due to a family emergency, and she was handed a provisional suspension on July 11.
Deignan is still adamant that she was not at fault in the first instance, the one that was eventually declared void. "UKAD, I'm sure, will at some point, maybe, release a statement, which would be nice," she said.
Since the Olympics, where she finished fifth in the road race, Deignan has opted to stay out of the media limelight. Instead, she focused on her imminent wedding to Team Sky rider Philip Deignan and the team time trial world title with her Boels Dolmans team. She says that she hasn't had time to process it all and is still coming to terms with the fallout.
"I'd be lying if I said it was anything other than traumatic. It was a very difficult time for me and my family, and I don't really feel I've had time to stop and evaluate. I went straight from the Olympics straight into racing. The time for real reflection will come after these worlds," said Deignan.
In hindsight, Deignan does admit that she wished she had handled the situation differently, although she refused to elaborate further on the family issue that ended with third missed test.
"In that moment it's something I had never experienced before," she explained. "I never expected it would blow up on such a scale. I was taking advice from people who I thought were experts in how to handle it. And actually, the moment when I trusted my instincts and trusted my own words, made my own statement – I wrote that at 3 a.m. in my hotel bed prior to flying to Rio – that was the moment when I felt the most comfortable."
She also states that she needs to better control her life off the bike. "I need to have time to recover from things and maintain balance in my life. I can't burn the candle at both ends."
Deignan will compete in the road race this season as the leader of an eight-rider Great Britain squad. The flat, criterium-like circuit is not ideal for her, and she is more than likely going to hand her rainbow stripes to someone else for at least the next 12 months. Deignan says that despite the furore that surrounded her, she still wanted to race out the season.
"I'm here because I respect the jersey and I want to respect the next winner of the jersey. I mean, never say never. I'll have a number on my back. I'm a racer. It's about respecting cycling and respecting my job. This is my profession, and I respect my sponsors. I haven't done anything wrong so I was never going to walk away from this season."
"Ready for a news alert, we just won the state of Washington!" he declared. "Don't let anybody tell you we can't win the nomination or we can't win the general election. We're going to do both of those things."
Sanders was speaking to a crowd of some 8,100 supporters at the University of Wisconsin when his victory in Washington was projected Saturday evening. His wife, Jane Sanders, broke the news to her husband by walking on stage and whispering into his ear. The senator immediately turned to the crowd and announced the news.
"Nobody should have any doubt that this campaign has extraordinary momentum and that we have a path toward victory," Sanders said after the Hawaii victory was announced. "In state after state, our grassroots effort has taken on the entire political establishment. We have taken on the senators and the governors and the mayors and the members of Congress. Our political revolution is the best chance we have to keep Donald Trump or any other Republican out of the White House."
In Washington, where 101 pledged delegates are up for grabs, Sanders scored 73 percent of the vote compared with Clinton's 27. He ended the night with a 82-18 percent lead over Clinton in Alaska, which only has 16 pledged delegates. In Hawaii, which has 25 pledged delegates, Sanders captured nearly 70 percent of the vote.
Bernie Sanders won the Democratic presidential caucuses in Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington state on Saturday, earning his first sweep against Hillary Clinton on a night with multiple contests.
Read more
Bernie Sanders won the Democratic presidential caucuses in Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington state on Saturday, earning his first sweep against Hillary Clinton on a night with multiple contests.
In Washington, where 101 pledged delegates are up for grabs, Sanders scored 73 percent of the vote compared with Clinton's 27. He ended the night with a 82-18 percent lead over Clinton in Alaska, which only has 16 pledged delegates. In Hawaii, which has 25 pledged delegates, Sanders captured nearly 70 percent of the vote.
"Nobody should have any doubt that this campaign has extraordinary momentum and that we have a path toward victory," Sanders said after the Hawaii victory was announced. "In state after state, our grassroots effort has taken on the entire political establishment. We have taken on the senators and the governors and the mayors and the members of Congress. Our political revolution is the best chance we have to keep Donald Trump or any other Republican out of the White House."
Sanders was speaking to a crowd of some 8,100 supporters at the University of Wisconsin when his victory in Washington was projected Saturday evening. His wife, Jane Sanders, broke the news to her husband by walking on stage and whispering into his ear. The senator immediately turned to the crowd and announced the news.
"Ready for a news alert, we just won the state of Washington!" he declared. "Don't let anybody tell you we can't win the nomination or we can't win the general election. We're going to do both of those things."
The outcome of the weekend's elections will help Sanders narrow Clinton's lead, but she is still ahead by a large number of delegates and he will have to continue his winning streak with large margins to overcome her edge. On Saturday morning, Clinton had 1,223 pledged delegates compared to 929 for Sanders. Based on that count, Sanders will have to win 58 percent of remaining pledged delegates to nab a majority by the time the Democratic convention rolls around in July. Clinton also has the support of 469 superdelegates — who can support whichever candidate they choose regardless of the outcome of their state's primary or caucus — versus just 29 for Sanders. A total of 2,383 delegates are needed to secure the Democratic nomination.
Related: Phoenix Mayor Asks Justice Department to Investigate Alleged Voter Suppression in Arizona
Sanders campaigned heavily in several cities across Washington, and has spent much of this week there, while Jane attended events in Hawaii and Alaska. Just last week, Sanders filled the 17,000-seat Key Arena in Seattle, with a few thousand more packing an overflow area outside. He also drew some 7,000 to an event on the Yakama Nation's treaty territory.
"Native Americans have been lied to. They've been cheated," he told cheering supporters at the event. "If elected president, there will be a new relationship with the Native American community," Sanders pledged. The "first Americans," he said, have enriched our country's culture and "taught us respect for our environment."
Clinton also campaigned in Washington ahead of the vote on Saturday. The former secretary of state spoke to Boeing workers and others at the Machinists Union in Everett, Washington, this week. Clinton also drew thousands to a rally at Rainier Beach High School in Seattle on Tuesday.
"I have fought for the right to organize and bargain, fought for the middle-class," Clinton said at the Machinists event. "I am not the latest flavor of the month; I've been doing this day in and day out."
But Sanders, who drew 15,000 people to an early rally in Seattle last summer that brought national attention to the size of his potential support, ultimately won Washington. Two days before the caucus, Sanders who picked up a major West Coast union endorsement from the International Longshore and Warehouse Union, which represents about 50,000 workers in California, Oregon, Washington, Alaska and Hawaii.
The Sanders campaign has said repeatedly that the senator had a good shot at winning Alaska, Hawaii, Washington and several other western states and is banking their hopes for the Democratic nomination on other nights like this one, especially in California and New York, which hold the most delegates.
On Saturday, the campaign opened its first office in New York City with a block party in Gowanus, Brooklyn ahead of the April 19 primary in New York. The launch was attended by several hundred people, including surrogates like former Ohio Senator Nina Turner, who surprised observers in December by endorsing Sanders after having been involved with Clinton PACs and an organizing event for the former secretary of state.
Related: Bernie Sanders Thinks He Can Win the West, but That Probably Won't Be Enough
Follow Liz Fields on Twitter: @lianzifields
A Nova Scotia woman is upset about the treatment she and her dying husband received when he was a patient at Capital Health hospitals in Halifax.
Veronica Ratchford took her husband David to the ER at the Halifax Infirmary on Friday, June 19. He'd had chronic lymphatic leukemia for nine years and had just developed pneumonia.
Ratchford says he had difficulty breathing.
“I said my husband is very sick and I'm not taking him home,” Ratchford remembers. “I said I can't take care of him at home, he's too sick.”
Ratchford says her husband did not receive continuity of care. She lost track of the number of nurses and doctors she dealt with over his final weekend at the Victoria General hospital in Halifax. (CBC)
David Ratchford was admitted to the ER but doctors there decided he should be transferred to a private room in the Victoria General Hospital where he could receive more specialized care.
When he was transferred to the VG, Ratchford says staff weren't prepared for him and there was no private room available.
He was eventually put in a ward with two other patients.
They had his dead body in the private room that we couldn't get while he was alive. - Veronica Ratchford
“He needed to be in a private room because of his immune system and because of the condition he was in,” Ratchford said.
Ratchford said there was a private room near the nursing floor where her husband was staying, but she couldn't persuade staff to transfer him.
“I was desperate. I was crying, I wanted to pay for the room, whatever,” she said. “Because in that ward, they told us that we couldn't be with him after 9 o'clock at night, because there were two other people in there.”
Ratchford said her husband remained highly agitated.
Husband died alone
"He kept saying, ‘Am I dying? Am I dying?' And of course, for me to answer was like, ‘No'.”
Ratchford went home the two evenings her husband stayed in hospital. His two daughters remained, but were not allowed to stay at his bedside past 9 p.m. They slept in a family room in another part of the hospital.
One of the daughters slipped back into the ward to sit beside her father. But when a nurse discovered her after midnight, she was ordered out of the room.
“About an hour later, or sometime in that time frame, the nurse went to the family room where his two daughters were,” Ratchford recalls.
“And she told them that they went in the room and he had passed away.”
Ratchford became very emotional as she thought of her husband's final hours.
Veronica Ratchford took her husband David to the ER at the Halifax Infirmary on Friday, June 19. He died almost 48 hours later. (CBC)
“And they called me, and I almost lost my frigging mind, because they kept saying he was stable and I kept saying how sick he was,” she said.
Relatives rushed Ratchford to the hospital. “And you know where he was?,” she asks. “He was in the private room. They had his dead body in the private room, the room that we couldn't get while he was alive.”
Ratchford says her husband did not receive continuity of care. She lost track of the number of nurses and doctors she dealt with over his final weekend.
Searching for answers
She says she isn't looking for any sort of compensation from the hospital, but she does want them to change their ways.
"That's inhumane. I never wanted my husband to die alone," she said.
“I want answers as to why they treated my husband that way and did not provide, to me, adequate care to him... And also, the main thing is that I want them to make changes. To acknowledge the fact that it's a human being there. It's a person. It's somebody's husband, it's somebody's father. It's somebody's relative that's loved so dearly by the family."
Capital Health will not speak directly to the Ratchfords' case, citing patient confidentiality.
"For this particular family, I'm sorry that from their perspective that the experience was not what they had hoped for, especially for their family member's end of life,” said Victoria Sullivan, director of the Victoria General site.
"It's very important for us to hear from patients and families when their experiences hasn't gone well,” Sullivan said. “So if there are improvements we need to make then we will make those improvements.”
Ratchford says she met with representatives of Capital Health last month.
She says they took lots of notes and promised to meet with her family again. That second meeting hasn't happened.
On Sunday night's "Around The League Podcast," I made the point that the Tennessee Titans no longer can bank on Jake Locker as a franchise quarterback following a season-ending Lisfranc injury in the Week 10 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
The playoff picture How would your team's prospects look if the season ended today? See where each team stands in the playoff picture midway through the season.
How would your team's prospects look if the season ended today? See where each team stands in the playoff picture midway through the season. More ...
Coach Mike Munchak labeled Locker's viability as the quarterback solution a "nice February decision." In reality, it will be an early May decision.
Locker is under contract for $2.091 million next year, but the Titans will have to decide by May 3 whether or not to exercise the fifth-year option that would set his salary at the average of the 10 highest-paid quarterbacks in the league. That number likely will be in the $14-$15 million range.
The Titans are high on Locker's toughness, physical gifts and work ethic. They just can't count on him to make it through a 16-game season after watching him miss time with foot, shoulder, hip and knee injuries while starting just 18 of 48 games in three seasons.
Locker isn't alone in facing questions about his Nashville future.
New Titans president and CEO, Tommy Smith, has vowed to build a "tough, hard-nosed football team" -- an identity he acknowledges has "sort of been lacking."
Munchak's seat is warming up after losing to worst team in the NFL for a third consecutive season.
The move toward a smashmouth image also bodes poorly for physically unimposing tailback Chris Johnson, who is due $8 million in 2014. Johnson's boom-or-bust style is a poor fit for a team that wants to adopt a ball-control approach.
If Munchak and Johnson can't bounce back from the Jaguars loss to earn the AFC's final spot, big changes are on the horizon in Tennessee.
The (possibly revamped) front office will know by early May whether or not their plans include drafting a quarterback for the second time in four years. At the very least, they will be in the market for an upgrade on Ryan Fitzpatrick to fill in during the next Locker injury.
The "Around The League Podcast" recapped every Week 10 game. Click here to listen and subscribe.
Nearly a thousand students at Ithaca College protested against the college's president on Wednesday in the wake of other race-related student protests at the University of Missouri and Yale.
Leaders of IC's People of Color group spearheaded a walkout against Ithaca president Tom Rochon, posting on Facebook that it's “vital to fight against both covert and overt racism in all places of education and empowerment,” the Ithaca Journal reports. The student government has also asked for a vote of “confidence” or “no confidence” in Rochon.
The protests at IC were sparked by three specific incidents, the first of which took place in September when resident advisers complained about racial profiling. An October roundtable discussion on campus took a racially charged turn when a black woman was referred to as a ‘savage,' and a “Preps & Crooks” party in late October sparked outrage when current and former students found its theme to be racially insensitive.
The walkout and subsequent vote follows student protests at Missouri, which led to the resignation of the school's president and chancellor. IC students held 20 minutes of silence for “solidarity with other campuses,” according to the college's newspaper.
Rochon released a statement on Tuesday announcing he'd be hiring a Chief Diversity Officer, writing that the school has “an opportunity—and the moral necessity—to use this moment of intensity to make a real difference on the longstanding issues of racism and inclusion.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Ticketmaster is sort of the supervillain of the online music ticketing world. You don't automatically believe everything people accuse them of doing, but you're also not super-quick to rule anything out. Like, say, hiring an executive from a rival ticketing firm, only to use his access to the company's record systems to hack their databases and undercut their deals.
That's exactly what the Live Nation subsidiary is being accused of today, in an amended complaint from merged ticketing companies CrowdSurge and Songkick. Songkick—which operates on a model allowing artists to sell tickets directly to consumers—sued Ticketmaster over monopolistic business practices back in 2015. During discovery on that trial, the company learned that CrowdSurge's former general manager, Stephen Mead, had kept more than 85,000 files related to the company on his laptop after he left, eventually using them when he was hired by a Ticketmaster subsidiary to access the company's records. That, in turn, gave Ticketmaster a list of potential CrowdSurge clients, who it could then pressure into sticking with its business model instead.
Advertisement
Mead signed an agreement not to reveal CrowdSurge's confidential information when he separated from the company in 2012, but emails allegedly show numerous instances where he used his knowledge of the company's systems to access information. “I must stress that as this is access to a live CS tool I would be careful in what you click on as it would be best not the giveaway that we are snooping around,” he supposedly wrote in one; “Feel free to screen-grab the hell out of [CrowdSurge's] system,” in another. Some of the company's database information even ended up in Ticketmaster presentations for company executives.
Ticketmaster and Live Nation don't seem to be denying that any of this potential corporate espionage happened, instead questioning whether any of Songkick or CrowdSurge's information was truly “confidential” in the first place. “Songkick's amended complaint is based on the alleged misappropriation of information that Songkick did not even try to keep secret, in some cases could not have kept secret, and in some cases shared with artist managers that work for Live Nation,” the company responded. “The claims have no legal merit and Live Nation and Ticketmaster will continue to vigorously defend this case.”
[via Variety]
Flagstaff, AZ –
Click here to watch videos of astronauts training in Flagstaff.
50 miles east of Flagstaff, in the middle of a vast, flat, scrubby plain, there's an enormous rocky bowl in the ground more than two and a half miles around and over 500 feet deep. It's Meteor Crater, created when an asteroid smashed into the earth 50 thousand years ago. It's just like craters on the moon. That's why, in 1963, NASA sent the Apollo astronauts here to start their geologic training.
"In a typical field situation conducted by a two-man team, one man acted as an astronaut exploring the lunar surface "
The U.S. Geological Survey in Flagstaff documented the training with a series of films, like this one.
"This astronaut performs such tasks as sampling, describing, and using instruments to obtain geologic information "
He picks his way across the rocky crater and collects samples with special lunar tools. Then he relays data to another astronaut in a tin model of the lunar landing module perched on the rim of the crater.
That's one crater but what about a sea of craters like they'd encounter on the moon? The USGS made one, in 1965
"Near Flagstaff, Arizona, are fields of volcanic cinders, the result of eruptions about the year 1065. The cinders provided excellent material to recreate the lunar surface."
Scientists dug over 400 holes, and calculated exactly how much dynamite and nitrate fertilizer to stuff in them to create different sized craters.
"3-2-1, fire!"
The result was a nearly perfect replica of a section of the moon's Sea of Tranquility, where Apollo 11 landed.
"On this crater field, astronauts will be able to train in a more realistic setting, a setting like the lunar surface, a little of Mare Tranquilitatis, here in Flagstaff, Arizona." SFX2: slowly fade out music, x-fade with ATV sound, isolate the sound of the ATV for a second and then duck under my track
Today the crater field is a playground for motorbikes and ATVs. They kick up clouds of cinders as they cruise in and out of the craters. Forty years ago NASA asked scientists in Flagstaff to build an early predecessor of these off-road vehicles a replica of the lunar rover for astronauts to train on.
"It's not in bad shape for something that was built by folks here."
Jeff Johnson is standing in front of the rover, affectionately named Grover. It looks like a 1960s dune buggy. Johnson directs the USGS astrogeology science center, founded in Flagstaff in the early 60s.
"They were really trying to simulate what it was like to do a traverse on the surface of the moon, and I think it had to help, because we've seen this with all the missions, the more you can practice before the actual mission happens, the more prepared you are for when things go wrong."
And things did go wrong. On Apollo 17 one of the rover's fenders broke. The fenders were designed to keep lunar dust fine like talcum powder from blowing around the astronauts. So when one broke, the astronauts took one of the geologic maps of the moon's surface prepared in Flagstaff, and stuck it to the broken fender with duct tape, of course.
"That's been a joke for a long time, the science and the maps was one thing, but the ability to fold it and make it into a fender was another."
The science that did come out of the Apollo missions was due in large part to Flagstaff astrogeolgists. They created the geologic maps of the lunar surface that were used to help select the landing sites. And they conducted over 200 geologic training exercises for the astronauts. Gerry Schaber came to work at the USGS in Flagstaff in 1965.
"We had to develop all new techniques of how do you do geology on the moon, that's what NASA was funding us for, because nobody knew that you could do it in a space suit."
The late Eugene Shoemaker, considered the father of astrogeology, helped persuade NASA to allow the astronauts to walk on the moon, AND collect about forty pounds of lunar rocks.
"We had a heck of a time actually convincing NASA to let them even pick up a rock on that first mission, some people in NASA wanted them to land and then take off very shortly after that."
Only one actual geologist walked on the moon Harrison Schmidt on Apollo 17. But the founder of astrogeology never made it there at least in life. Almost exactly 30 years after Apollo 11, some of Gene Shoemaker's ashes were scattered on the moon when the lunar prospector satellite fell to the surface. He's still the only person who's a permanent part of the moon's geology.
Denouncing U.S. President Donald Trump for intensifying "fears of war on the Korean Peninsula," thousands of South Koreans gathered in front of the U.S. embassy in Seoul on Tuesday to protest Trump's arrival, hoisting signs that sent an unambiguous message: "shut up and get out."
"The war-threatening, weapons salesman Trump is not welcome here."
—Choi Eun-a, Korean Alliance for Progressive Movements
The peaceful demonstrations against the U.S. president—who has threatened to unleash "fire and fury" upon South Korea's northern neighbor, a move that would endanger millions of lives—are expected to carry on through Wednesday, when Trump is scheduled to deliver a speech on North Korea.
"The war-threatening, weapons salesman Trump is not welcome here, especially as he demands that South Korea pay more to host U.S. troops and set aside land for useless weapons like the THAAD missile defense system," Choi Eun-a of the Korean Alliance for Progressive Movements—one of the more than 200 groups participating in protests during Trump's two-day visit—said in a statement.
Trump motorcade on way to state dinner just passed protestors. Chants of "No Trump no war" and a few fireworks. pic.twitter.com/2R2Gwe0PcO — Paula Hancocks (@PHancocksCNN) November 7, 2017
Even as Trump appeared to tone down his militaristic rhetoric with a call on Tuesday for North Korea to "come to the table" and "make a deal," the U.S. and South Korea engaged in a joint military exercise that could only be viewed as a "major show of force"—one that could further ratchet up tensions and global concerns of nuclear conflict.
Over the next several days, "three US aircraft carriers, accompanied by guided-missile destroyers and submarines, will be conducting a mock battle in the waters in the region," CNN reported on Tuesday. "It's likely the show of power by the U.S. forces will be seen by North Korea as a direct provocation."
"We will shout for the warmongering Trump to leave our land in peace until he is out of here."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
During a press conference with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, Trump was explicit about the intent behind the military exercise—one of many that have taken place in the Pacific region over the last several months.
"I think we're showing great strength," Trump said. "We sent three of the largest aircraft carriers in the world [to the Korean Peninsula] and a nuclear submarine is also positioned."
It is this kind of flaunting of military might that hundreds of South Koreans gathered on Tuesday to reject, echoing calls by other world powers for the U.S. to negotiate peace with North Korea.
"We do not welcome Trump," one prostester declared on Tuesday. "We will shout for the warmongering Trump to leave our land in peace until he is out of here."
Did you miss the party? No problem!
For the first week after this Kickstarter ends (until 7/10), you can still pick up the epic game at the Kickstarter price ($59) and contribute to unlocking those final stretch goals!
After that, you'll still be able to pre-order the epic game for $65.
Link to the Shoplocket product page!
Link to my website, which also has the game and lots of other cool stuff!
It is an age of high fantasy and the wild lands are growing restless. Dangerous things lurk in the shadows and the king has called upon all able-bodied men to fight back the ever-deepening darkness.
As a fledgling guild leader, you have some miners, a blacksmith and a few adventurers at your beck and call, so it's time to get out there, gather resources, forge weapons and slay epic monsters. You might just make a name for yourself!
You'll need to complete the king's quests to earn prestige, but these missions can get a bit rough. Your adventurers will progress through them over a series of turns, and as they advance, things get tricky.
Your adventuring band finds a great horror in the depths of the Fissure of Doom. There's an assassination attempt on the nobleman you're guarding. Reinforcements will be needed to get the job done, or you'll lose out on valuable quest rewards.
But adventurers need weapons. And blacksmiths need weapon designs. You'll have to head to the market to buy access to these designs and other game advantages.
A weapon's design will tell you what resources you need to make it, and what exactly that weapon is going to do for you. Then it's just a matter of heading into the mine and using some savvy spatial reasoning skills to get more resources than your competitors.
Forge War will constantly keep you on your toes as you make lots of little decisions that quickly add up to big consequences. If you would like a more in-depth game play explanation, check out the video below:
There is also a handy rules PDF (disclaimer: rules may not be final and are still in need of serious graphic design).
So it may be a little difficult to decide whether a board game is up your alley just from reading about it and watching a video or two, but don't worry because I have totally got you covered. If you really want to get a feel for the mechanics, I think you should just play the game.
You can head to my website and play an online version of the game right now.
Here's another helpful video tutorial for using the online interface. The video will also give you a pretty good run-down of a few turns of the game.
If you want a more tangible experience, I've still got you covered. You can find a print-and-play version of the simple game right here.
I am not alone in thinking you'll enjoy Forge War. Check out what these cool people have to say:
Rahdo Runs Through
"Oh my gosh, the sweep and the pageantry and the drama - it just escalates so brilliantly."
"This game is just so evocative, so much fun. So much is going on and you are so deeply enmeshed and engrossed every step of the way, and everything is so thematically grounded."
Note: Rahdo made a few great suggestions in his final thoughts.
One was a desire to play the basic version of the game, but with the advanced stage 2 cards. If we hit the second stretch goal, we can make that happen!
Another was that the quest resolution order of operations was "bass-ackwards." I took the thought to some other testers, and we all agreed that his way was more intuitive, so that is no longer a problem!
Weaponsgrade Tabletop
"This is probably one of the better games I've seen come off Kickstarter - just period. This should be a full release ... This should have been picked up by a publisher and put out through Fantasy Flight or something like that. It's that good."
Grey Elephant Gaming
"This is a lot more thematic [than Lords of Waterdeep]. You're forging weapons and upgrading adventurers, so I just feel like I really get into this game more."
NVS Gameplays
"This is a very good game - very well put-together, well thought-out, well play-tested...he's done a good job on this game and it is going to please all the backers."
Depending on what you pledge, you'll get one of two editions of the game. The full game as intended is the EPIC version, which includes everything you need to play either the basic (1 stage) or the epic (3 stages) game.
I understand, however, that some people may not necessarily want to play the epic 3-stage game. It's rather lengthy and can burn your brain something fierce toward the end.
The BASIC version only includes the materials needed to play the basic 1-stage game. It is still a 100% complete experience and totally fun. It contains roughly: 1/2 the cards, 1/3 the mine pieces, 1/2 the resource cubes, 2/3 the adventurer tiles, 1/2 the tokens and a shortened rules manual.
UPDATE: We are now including a "fast-forward" pack in EPIC version on the game. This will allow you to skip the first stage of the game and play the second stage as a basic (1 stage) game. So now with the EPIC version, you'll get 2 very different ways to play the basic 1-hour game.
In case the graphic is unclear, here is a list of countries with free shipping: US, AT, BE, CA, CN, DE, DK, ES, FI, FR, GR, HK, ID, IE, IT, JP, KR, LU, MY, NL, PT, SE, SG, TH, TW, UK.
And a list of countries where you need to add $20 to your pledge: AU, BG, CH, CY, CZ, EE, HU, LT, LV, MT, NO, NZ,PL, RO, SI, SK
For everywhere else you'll need to add $40 to your pledge.
Keep in mind, though, that you only need to add shipping once per pledge.
In addition, the games will be shipped from fulfillment centers in the U.S., Canada, China and the E.U., so if you are within those regions, you won't have to pay extra customs charges.
You can add $45 to your pledge to get an additional BASIC game box, and add $54 to get an additional EPIC game box. (Limit of 9 total additional copies.)
Which means that no matter where you are, can get up to 10 games and pay for shipping only once, and even if you didn't get early bird pricing, extra copies will be at early bird pricing.
So all good cards need flavor text, right? I've decided to put quotes from fictitious adventurers on the weapon design cards, and I want to credit those quotes to you (or some fantasy version of your name).
If you back at the Red Dragon level, you'll give me your name (or the name of whomever you want to commemorate) and whatever specific weapon design you might have a preference on claiming. I'll write up the flavor text and the attribution and then send it to you so that we can collaborate a bit on the wording and content if you want. Then that flavor text will go into every copy of the game.
For instance, let's say your name is Garry Smith, and you want to claim the copper dagger. Then the copper dagger weapon design might end up looking something like this:
Which leads us to the glorious Cellar Rat reward. Inspired by cool people like Mike Krahulik and Jamey Stegmaier, I decided to do something a little different for all backers who are into it. (Just opt for it on the backer survey that will go out when the funding period ends.)
You see, the art of killing rats is a time-honored tradition in many fantasy games and Forge War is no different. I mean, the rats in the cellar aren't going to kill themselves.
I'm going to shoot a video of me playing an assortment of games that feature the noble act of killing rats, and as I kill each rat, I will give it a name - your name - to honor its sacrifice.
Forge War plays with 2-4 players, ages 12 and up.
The full game runs for a good 3 hours, but even if that is not your bag, the simple version plays in about 1 hour. I've put a lot of work into making sure the simple game functions as a stand-alone legit board game experience.
If you're into that sort of thing, you can find a "designer's diary" for Forge War here. It offers countless insights into the design process in my quest to make the best game possible.
All artwork was done by Jeff Ward. He's a cool guy and you should check out his website.
Graphic design and the project video was done by Michael Fairchild.
And the music in the project video was Oppressive Gloom by Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
You should also know that the Fish King is not very nice. Only tangle with him if you know what you're doing.
Forge War is my first game, and it would simply not be possible for me to publish it without crowd-funding. I believe it is a great game, and I really want to be able to share it with you.
And even after Forge War hits its funding goal, continued pledges will only make the game better through extra content and component upgrades.
At all times, though, I will be listening to you. The beauty of Kickstarter is that it's a platform that allows communication with the community before the game reaches 100% completion. Because I am interested in making the best game possible, I am always open to your feedback.
And if nothing else, the pledge is a significant discount off the retail price of the game.
If you are looking for other ways to support this project, look no further. Here are custom avatars to make all your internet friends jealous.
[et_pb_section bb_built=”1″][et_pb_row][et_pb_column type=”4_4″][et_pb_text _builder_version=”3.0.69″ background_layout=”light” text_orientation=”left” border_style=”solid”]
When Netflix released Okja it got a lot of media attention. Many people even took to social media to declare themselves vegan after watching it. It's unsurprising as Okja depicts humans being awful to the animals that they will eventually eat. The tale of the super pig who won the heart of a young Korean girl, Mija, seems to be having a big impact on people. So how true to real life is Okja?
The World Has a Food Problem
‘The world's population is at 7 billion, 805 million human beings struggle with hunger every day, including 30 million right here in the United States. The world is running out of food, and we're not talking about it.' An extract from the opening speech given by Mirando Corporations, the fictional organisation behind the creation of Okja. Almost all of it is true, except that there are an estimated 795 million undernourished people in the world and nowhere near 30 million live in the US. However, the world is running out of food and if we continue to rely heavily on animal agriculture the situation is set to get worse. However, Mirando Corp have a different idea of how to fix the problem.
Genetically Modified Pigs
And here comes the problem fixer, the ‘super pig', which is exactly what Okja is. Despite Mirando's claims, Okja and her sisters are all genetically modified pigs developed to require less feed and produce less waste than the pigs we all know, as well as producing more meat. Although our ability to genetically modify animals isn't quite that advanced, there are two types of GM pig that are currently being developed, one that will be resistant to African swine fever, and another that will have ‘double-muscles' in order to get more protein per pig.
Pigs Are Forcibly Impregnated
Okja depicts a rather gruesome assault on the already abused super pig. Power hungry ex TV star Johnny Wilcox takes his frustration out on Okja and lets a sexually frustrated male pig loose, forcing her to mate with him. Although pigs on farms aren't impregnated in this way, it is currently done by force. Farmers inject semen into a sow's vagina so that she will continue to produce piglets. Sows will do this their whole lives until they physically can't anymore and then they will be sent to the slaughterhouse.
Standards on Pig Farms
During the movie, we see thousands of super pigs all confined in small spaces with little room to move. They are then restrained in order to be shot and killed and hung upside down in order to be beheaded, and chopped in half. This is not entirely dissimilar to the reality of pig farms. Kept in confined spaces, sows will often live their lives in crates that they cannot turn around in. The main difference between Okja and real life is that pigs tend to have their throats slit, as opposed to be shot. Pigs are supposed to be stunned before this happens but more often than not, it doesn't work effectively and the pigs are somewhat conscious until they bleed out.
Pigs Love Cuddles
What really makes the film so heartwrenching is Mija's desperate attempt to get Okja back and save her from slaughter. The close bond the two have is both beautiful and heartbreaking and they show each other a great deal of affection. It has been proven that pigs are incredibly intelligent, including emotionally and real pigs just love being cuddled and loved just like Okja. If you don't believe us take a look at this video of Hank.
Image credit: Cinefex | My Best Friend Hank
[/et_pb_text][et_pb_social_media_follow _builder_version=”3.0.53″ saved_tabs=”all” link_shape=”circle” url_new_window=”on” follow_button=”on” background_layout=”light” global_module=”4820″]
[et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network=”facebook” skype_action=”call” url=”https://www.facebook.com/livekindlyco/” bg_color=”#3b5998″]Facebook
[/et_pb_social_media_follow_network][et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network=”twitter” skype_action=”call” url=”https://twitter.com/livekindlyco” bg_color=”#00aced”]Twitter
[/et_pb_social_media_follow_network][et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network=”instagram” skype_action=”call” url=”https://www.instagram.com/livekindlyco/” bg_color=”#517fa4″]Instagram
[/et_pb_social_media_follow_network]
[/et_pb_social_media_follow][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]
CHAMPAIGN, Ill. - Antarctic fishes that manufacture their own "antifreeze" proteins to survive in the icy Southern Ocean also suffer an unfortunate side effect, researchers report: The protein-bound ice crystals that accumulate inside their bodies resist melting even when temperatures warm.
University of Oregon doctoral student Paul Cziko (right, seen here preparing for a dive) and his colleagues measured seawater temperatures for more than a decade in one of the world's coldest Antarctic fish habitats, and discovered that the ice crystals inside the fishes may never melt. Photo courtesy of Elliot DeVries
The finding is reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"We discovered what appears to be an undesirable consequence of the evolution of antifreeze proteins in Antarctic notothenioid fishes," said University of Oregon doctoral student Paul Cziko, who led the research with University of Illinois animal biology professors Chi-Hing "Christina" Cheng and Arthur DeVries. "What we found is that the antifreeze proteins also stop internal ice crystals from melting. That is, they are anti-melt proteins as well."
Five families of notothenioid fishes inhabit the Southern Ocean, the frigid sea that encircles Antarctica. Their ability to live in the icy seawater is so extraordinary that they make up more than 90 percent of the fish biomass of the region.
DeVries discovered antifreeze proteins in Antarctic notothenioid fishes in the late 1960s, and was the first to describe how the proteins bind to ice crystals in the blood to prevent the fishes from freezing.
In the new study, the team investigated whether the antifreeze protein-bound ice crystals inside these fishes would melt as expected when temperatures warmed. When researchers warmed the fishes to temperatures above the expected melting point, some internal ice crystals failed to melt. Ice that doesn't melt at its normal melting point is referred to as "superheated."
The researchers also found ice crystals in wild notothenioid fishes swimming in relatively warmer Antarctic summer waters, at temperatures where they would be expected to be free of ice. By testing the antifreeze proteins in the lab, the team found that these proteins also were responsible for preventing the internal ice crystals from melting.
"Our discovery may be the first example of ice superheating in nature," Cheng said.
A diver himself, Cziko worked with other divers to place and maintain a temperature-logging device in McMurdo Sound, Antarctica, one of the coldest marine environments on the planet. The device recorded ocean temperatures there for 11 years, a substantial portion of notothenioids' lifespan. Not once in that time did temperatures increase enough to overcome the antifreeze proteins' anti-melting effect to completely rid the fishes of their internal ice, the researchers report.
The researchers suspect that the accumulation of ice inside the fishes could have adverse physiological consequences, but none have yet been discovered.
If the fishes are destined to carry ice crystals around all their lives, Cheng said, it is conceivable that ice particles could obstruct small capillaries or trigger undesired inflammatory responses. Cziko likens the potential threat to dangers posed by asbestos in the lungs or blood clots in the brain.
"Since much of the ice accumulates in the fishes' spleens, we think there may be a mechanism to clear the ice from the circulation," he said.
"This is just one more piece in the puzzle of how notothenioids came to dominate the ocean around Antarctica," he said. "It also tells us something about evolution. That is, adaptation is a story of trade-offs and compromise. Every good evolutionary innovation probably comes with some bad, unintended effects."
The long-term temperature record of McMurdo Sound produced in the study also "will prove to be of great importance and utility to the polar research community that is addressing organismal responses to climate change in this coldest of all marine environments," Cheng said.
Clive W. Evans, a professor of molecular genetics and development at the University of Auckland in New Zealand, also is a co-author of the new paper.
The National Science Foundation supported this research.
A full look at all the moves made during the 2016 NFL draft, listed by team:
Atlanta Falcons
• Traded their second-round No. 50 overall pick to the Texans for their second-round No. 52 overall pick (drafted Deion Jones) and sixth-round No. 195 overall pick (drafted Wes Schweitzer).
Baltimore Ravens
• Traded their second-round No. 36 overall pick to the Jaguars for their second-round No. 38 overall pick and fifth-round No. 146 overall pick (drafted Matt Judon).
• Traded their second-round No. 38 overall pick to the Dolphins for their second-round No. 42 overall pick (drafted Kamalei Correa) and fourth-round No. 107 overall pick (drafted Chris Moore).
Buffalo Bills
• Traded their second-round No. 49 overall pick, fourth-round No. 117 overall pick and a 2017 fourth-round pick to the Bears for their second-round No. 41 overall pick (drafted Reggie Ragland).
Carolina Panthers
• Traded their third-round No. 93 overall pick, fourth-round No. 129 overall pick and fifth-round No. 168 overall pick to the Browns for their third-round No. 77 overall pick (drafted Daryl Worley) and fifth-round No. 141 overall pick (drafted Zack Sanchez).
Chicago Bears
• Traded their first-round No. 11 overall pick and fourth-round No. 106 overall pick to the Buccaneers for their first-round No. 9 overall pick (drafted Leonard Floyd).
• Traded their second-round No. 41 overall pick to the Bills for their second-round No. 49 overall pick, fourth-round No. 117 overall pick and a 2017 fourth-round pick.
• Traded their second-round No. 49 overall pick to the Seahawks for their second-round No. 56 overall pick (drafted Cody Whitehair) and fourth-round No. 124 overall pick (drafted Deon Bush).
• Traded their fourth-round No. 117 overall pick and their sixth-round No. 206 overall pick to the Rams for their fourth-round No. 113 overall pick (drafted Nick Kwiatkoski).
Cleveland Browns
• Traded their first-round No. 8 overall pick and sixth-round No. 176 overall pick to the Titans for their 2016 first-round No. 15 overall pick (drafted Corey Coleman), third-round No. 76 overall pick (drafted Shon Coleman) and a 2017 second-round pick.
• Traded their third-round No. 77 overall pick and fifth-round No. 141 overall pick to the Panthers for their third-round No. 93 overall pick (drafted Cody Kessler), fourth-round No. 129 overall pick (drafted Derrick Kindred) and fifth-round No. 168 overall pick (drafted Spencer Drango).
• Traded their fourth-round No. 100 overall pick to the Raiders for their fourth-round No. 114 overall pick (drafted Ricardo Louis) and their fifth-round No. 154 overall pick (drafted Jordan Payton).
• Traded their seventh-round No. 223 overall pick to the Dolphins for their seventh-round No. 250 overall pick (drafted Scooby Wright III) and Jamar Taylor.
Denver Broncos
• Traded their first-round No. 31 overall pick and their third-round No. 94 overall pick to the Seahawks for the first-round No. 26 overall pick (drafted Paxton Lynch).
• Traded their fifth-round No. 157 overall pick and seventh-round No. 253 overall pick to the Titans for their sixth-round No. 176 overall pick (drafted Andy Janovich) and a 2017 sixth-round pick.
Green Bay Packers
• Traded their second-round No. 57 overall pick, fourth-round No. 125 overall pick and seventh-round No. 248 overall pick to the Colts for their second-round No. 48 overall pick (drafted Jason Spriggs).
Houston Texans
• Traded their first-round No. 22 overall pick and a 2017 sixth-round pick to the Redskins for their first-round No. 21 overall pick (drafted Will Fuller).
• Traded their second-round No. 52 overall pick and sixth-round No. 195 overall pick to the Falcons for their second-round No. 50 overall pick (drafted Nick Martin).
Indianapolis Colts
• Traded their second-round No. 48 overall pick to the Packers for their second-round No. 57 overall pick (drafted T.J. Green), fourth-round No. 125 overall pick (drafted Antonio Morrison) and seventh-round No. 248 overall pick (drafted Austin Blythe).
Jacksonville Jaguars
• Traded their second-round No. 38 overall pick and fifth-round No. 146 overall pick to the Ravens for their second-round No. 36 overall pick (drafted Myles Jack).
Kansas City Chiefs
• Traded their first-round No. 28 overall pick and their seventh-round No. 249 overall pick to the 49ers for their second-round No. 37 overall pick (drafted Chris Jones), fourth-round No. 105 overall pick (drafted Parker Ehinger) and sixth-round No. 178 overall pick (drafted D.J. White).
• Traded their second-round No. 59 overall pick to the Buccaneers for their third-round No. 74 overall pick (drafted Keivarae Russell) and fourth-round No. 106 overall pick (drafted Eric Murray).
Los Angeles Rams
• Traded their fourth-round No. 113 overall pick to the Bears for their fourth-round No. 117 overall pick (drafted Pharoh Cooper) and their sixth-round No. 206 overall pick (drafted Michael Thomas).
Miami Dolphins
• Traded their second-round No. 42 overall pick and fourth-round No. 107 overall pick to the Ravens for their second-round No. 38 overall pick (drafted Xavien Howard).
• Traded their sixth-round No. 186 overall pick, a 2017 third-round pick and a conditional fourth-round pick in 2017 to the Vikings for their third-round No. 86 overall pick (drafted Leonte Carroo).
• Traded their fifth-round No. 147 overall pick to the Patriots for their sixth-round No. 196 overall pick, sixth-round No. 204 overall pick (drafted Jordan Lucas) and their seventh-round No. 250 overall pick.
• Traded their sixth-round No. 196 overall pick and their seventh-round No. 227 overall pick to the Vikings for their sixth-round No. 186 overall pick (drafted Jakeem Grant).
• Traded their seventh-round No. 250 overall pick and Jamar Taylor to the Browns for their seventh-round No. 223 overall pick (drafted Brandon Doughty).
Minnesota Vikings
• Traded their third-round No. 86 overall pick to the Dolphins for their sixth-round No. 186 overall pick, a 2017 third-round pick and a conditional fourth-round pick in 2017.
• Traded their sixth-round No. 186 overall pick to the Dolphins for their sixth-round No. 196 overall pick and their seventh-round No. 227 overall pick (drafted Stephen Weatherly).
• Traded their sixth-round No. 196 overall pick and their seventh-round No. 240 overall pick to the Eagles for their sixth-round No. 188 overall pick (drafted David Morgan).
New England Patriots
• Traded their second-round No. 61 overall pick to the Saints for their third-round No. 78 overall pick (drafted Joe Thuney) and fourth-round No. 112 overall pick (drafted Malcolm Mitchell).
• Traded their sixth-round No. 196 overall pick, sixth-round No. 204 overall pick and their seventh-round No. 250 overall pick to the Dolphins for their fifth-round No. 147 overall pick.
• Traded their fifth-round No. 147 overall pick and their seventh-round No. 243 overall pick to the Seahawks for their seventh-round No. 225 overall pick (drafted Devin Lucien)and a 2017 fourth-round pick.
New Orleans Saints
• Traded their third-round No. 78 overall pick and fourth-round No. 112 overall pick to the Patriots for their second-round No. 61 overall pick (drafted Vonn Bell).
• Traded their fifth-round No. 152 overall pick and a 2017 fifth-round pick to the Redskins for their fourth-round No. 120 overall pick (drafted David Onyemata).
New York Jets
• Traded a 2017 fourth-round pick to the Redskins for their fifth-round No. 158 overall pick (drafted Brandon Shell).
Oakland Raiders
• Traded their fourth-round No. 114 overall pick and their fifth-round No. 154 overall pick to the Browns for their fourth-round No. 100 overall pick (drafted Connor Cook).
Philadelphia Eagles
• Traded their sixth-round No. 188 overall pick to the Vikings for their sixth-round No. 196 overall pick (drafted Blake Countess) and their seventh-round No. 240 overall pick (drafted Alex McCalister).
San Francisco 49ers
• Traded their second-round No. 37 overall pick, fourth-round No. 105 overall pick and sixth-round No. 178 overall pick to Chiefs for their first-round No. 28 overall pick (drafted Joshua Garnett) and their seventh-round No. 249 overall pick (drafted Prince Charles Iworah).
Seattle Seahawks
• Traded their first-round No. 26 overall pick to the Broncos for their first-round No. 31 overall pick (drafted Germain Ifedi) and their third-round No. 94 overall pick (drafted Nick Vannett).
• Traded their second-round No. 56 overall pick and fourth-round No. 124 overall pick to the Bears for their second-round No. 49 overall pick (drafted Jarran Reed).
• Traded their seventh-round No. 225 overall pick and a 2017 fourth-round pick to the Patriots for their fifth-round No. 147 overall pick (drafted Quinton Jefferson) and their seventh-round No. 243 overall pick (drafted Kenny Lawler).
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
• Traded their first-round No. 9 overall pick to the Bears for their first-round No. 11 overall pick (drafted Vernon Hargreaves III) and their fourth-round No. 106 overall pick.
• Traded their third-round No. 74 overall pick and fourth-round No. 106 overall pick to the Chiefs for their second-round No. 59 overall pick (drafted Roberto Aguayo).
Tennessee Titans
• Traded their first-round No. 15 overall pick, third-round No. 76 overall pick and a 2017 second-round pick to the Browns for their first-round No. 8 overall pick (drafted Jack Conklin) and sixth-round No. 176 overall pick.
• Traded their sixth-round No. 176 overall pick and a 2017 sixth-round pick to the Broncos for their fifth-round No. 157 overall pick (drafted LeShaun Sims) and seventh-round No. 253 overall pick (drafted Kalan Reed).
Washington Redskins
• Traded their first-round No. 21 overall pick to Texans for their first-round No. 22 overall pick (drafted Josh Doctson) and a 2017 sixth-round pick.
• Traded their fourth-round No. 120 overall pick to the Saints for their fifth-round No. 152 overall pick (drafted Matt Ioannidis) and a 2017 fifth-round pick.
• Traded their fifth-round No. 158 overall pick to the Jets for a 2017 fourth-round pick.
SOLON, Ohio -- A woman who witnessed a man fatally shoot a woman early Saturday after a car crash said the woman had her hands up when the man opened fire with a rifle.
"I can't get her screams out of my head," the woman said.
The woman, who asked not to be named because of the nature of what she witnessed, said she heard loud screeches and the crash about 7:20 a.m. Saturday at the intersection of Richmond and Solon roads.
She said she saw a man get out of his Jeep with a rifle. The woman got out of her Ford Taurus and put her hands in the air, she said.
9-1-1 call
The man opened fire, shooting her in the road. Solon police said the woman was found in the street and later died from the gunshot wounds at an area hospital.
The man was arrested shortly after police arrived.
The woman who witnessed the shooting said she was too traumatized and couldn't elaborate on what else she saw. She gave a written statement to police.
Another witness, Jamirra Brabson, who lives with her husband and 6-year-old daughter near where the shooting happened, said she heard four gunshots, then the woman scream.
She said she heard three more rounds of at least three gunshots.
"Then it was just silence," Brabson said.
Solon Police Lt. Bruce Felton said officers arrested a 29-year-old North Ridgeville man they believe fatally shot the woman. A 911 caller described the man firing several shots after the crash. The caller said the man paced up and down the road with the rifle in his hands.
Twinsburg woman identified as driver killed by gunman after car crash in Solon
Police said the gun was a 5.56-millimeter rifle. Felton said they are still trying to determine a motive for the shooting. He said investigators so far believe the two never met before. He said they are investigating road rage as one possible factor in the crash.
Felton said the woman was driving northbound on Richmond Road and the man was driving eastbound on Solon Road. The vehicles collided in the intersection and the impact of the crash sent the woman's car a few feet eastbound on Solon Road.
The man's SUV flipped several times and ended up on its roof about 50 feet east of the woman's car.
The woman's back windshield was shattered with what Felton said could be a bullet.
The North Ridgeville man was not immediately publicly identified by police. Felton said police have not yet formally charged the man in the shooting.
The Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation is assisting Solon police with analyzing the crime scene. More than 22 pieces of evidence, including bullet casings, were marked in the intersection.
The intersection and at least one home near the shooting were blocked with police tape as police and state agents conducted the investigation.
Brabson said she moved to the Solon neighborhood nine years ago because of its quiet nature. She said residents regularly jog and ride their bikes near the busy intersection where the shooting happened.
She said she was shocked and saddened by the shooting.
"It's always quiet here. You're at peace when you come home," Brabson said. "I'm glad they arrested him. That gives us so much comfort that someone's that mentally insane is arrested. It's shocking that he could do something like this in broad daylight."
A mental health awareness program run by the NRL for grassroots clubs in the Eastern States would be brought to WA if Labor was elected on March 11, shadow health minister Roger Cook announced yesterday.
The NRL's State of Mind program, which offers a six-step process including education sessions, action plan and events, will receive $100,000 for two years to be implemented at local rugby league clubs around WA.
Mr Cook said one of Labor's key goals for mental health was to reach out to young people.
“One of the ways we can do that is use sport to introduce them to the issues of mental health and encourage them to get help if they need it, but more importantly, de-stigmatise the issue,” Mr Cook said.
Camera Icon Bowman Smith, David Shillington, Roger Cook, Zan Pomare, John Sackson and Christian Smith show support for the NRL mental health program. Picture: The West Australian, Steve Ferrier/ The West Australian.
He said the program would be available to WA's 4000 local rugby players.
Program ambassador and former Canberra Raiders prop David Shillington said the program had given clubs the ability to recognise mental health issues with players.
“The issues have become a bit more prominent, and they're quite scary for club presidents and coaches looking after the kids,” Mr Shillington said.
“They want to know what to do should there be an incident that occurs and how they should handle it.”
Store ambassadors greet customers when they come in to explain how things work, but it can be a little confusing.
The concept is simple: diners pay what they can afford. So if a meal normally costs $5.00, the customer can pay that price, a little more, or a little less.
"All they have is a responsibility to do the right thing. And you know what's amazing? So many people do."
"I don't even know what's going on. I'm just hungry," a befuddled customer named Javier said.
Here's how it works: customers order their food, just like at a regular Panera, but then the cashier tells them the suggested price. Customers can decide how much to pay, and either put their money in a donation box, or tell the cashier how much to charge their credit card.
The Panera Bread Foundation has four other Panera Cares locations in St. Louis, Detroit, Portland, Oregon and Chicago, and the founder Ron Shaich says the system works because the people who can afford to pay more, often do.
"All they have is a responsibility to do the right thing. And you know what's amazing? So many people do," Shaich said.
The breakdown of what people pay is about 60-20-20: 60 percent of people pay the suggested price, 20 percent pay less, 20 percent pay more.
A customer inserts cash into a donation box to pay for her order at Panera Cares in Boston. (Kevin Sullivan/Here & Now)
Since opening in January, the Panera Cares in Boston has been taking in slightly more than that national average.
Food Insecurity
Panera officials say the chain already donates about $100 million in food and cash a year. But Shaich wanted to become more involved in the issue of food insecurity - the 50 million Americans and one in four children who don't know where their next meal is coming from.
"This isn't an issue of simply of homelessness," Shaich said. "Twenty-five percent of people with food insecurity actually own their own homes, 24 percent are college grads. It's endemic when you have a country that is 8 to 9 percent unemployment."
It's a job requirement that all of the employees at the Boston Panera Cares location understand the issue.
"We've all experienced food insecurity one way or another, either personally or we know someone is experiencing it," said cashier Yetunde Bankole.
Panera Cares workers are also trained to deal with a population that is in need.
'Bernie Sanders is winning the hearts and minds of America,' writes Weis, 'because he is calling for a political revolution that puts the needs of the American people first.' (Photo: Michigan Live)
What many expected to be a coronation for establishment candidate Hillary Clinton has morphed into a pitched battle for the soul of the Democratic Party. Despite all the corporate media hype to the contrary, the long slog to the Democratic nomination is just getting started. This is a marathon, not a sprint, and Bernie Sanders knows a thing or two about winning cross-country races.
For a campaign as clearly vulnerable as the Clinton campaign to be assuming victory so early in the nomination process is rather breathtaking in its hubris. Fortunately, we live in a democracy, not a monarchy, and voters in 31 more states will decide who carries the Democratic banner into the general election.
On Super Tuesday, the line to get into our Colorado caucus site wrapped around a middle school for six long blocks. Despite chilly temperatures and knowing we had at least an hour of waiting ahead of us, a warm sense of community and common purpose prevailed. Neighbors sought out neighbors and new friends were made, regardless of candidate affiliation. It was a beautiful display of democracy in action.
Inside, our precinct caucus went strongly for Sanders (67 to 37). Standing up for Bernie with my friends in Boulder was one of the proudest moments of my life. It felt like history in the making.
It seems worth mentioning here that I switched my party affiliation from Independent to caucus with the Democrats this year. I figured if Bernie could do it, so could I. In Colorado, thousands of other unaffiliated voters also registered as Democrats, helping propel Sanders to an overwhelming 59%-40% victory over Clinton (after once trailing her by as many as 28 points). Despite having left the Democratic Party many years ago, it felt good to caucus as one knowing that Bernie wants to bring the party home to its populist FDR New Deal roots.
Just as exhilarating as voting for Bernie has been watching the Sanders political revolution spread like wildfire across the land.
First came Iowa, where Bernie Sanders shocked the political world by battling Hillary Clinton to a virtual tie after starting the race more than 45 points down. Then came New Hampshire, where Sanders trounced Clinton. Then came Nevada, where Bernie came within 5 points of beating Hillary after starting more than 35 points down. Then it was Clinton's turn to stomp Sanders in South Carolina. On Super Tuesday, Bernie's insurgent campaign once again defied the odds by winning four states to Hillary's seven, including one in the South. Then came Kansas (Sanders), Nebraska (Sanders), Louisiana (Clinton) and Maine (Sanders). Next up are primaries in Michigan and Mississippi. Then come Ohio, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina and Florida.
Not counting superdelegates (who can switch their allegiance anytime), here's the current rough delegate count: Sanders has 478 to Clinton's 677. Bernie has some ground to make up, but he clearly has the momentum and a path to victory if voters Feeling the Bern continue to turn out in record numbers.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: I have never seen Hillary Clinton winning the Democratic nomination. And it's not just because she suffers from a massive trust deficit. It's because she is out of touch with the mood of the electorate. Bernie is blazing a hopeful path to the future, while Hillary is wedded to the past. Despite unrelenting opposition by DNC party bosses, political pundits, media elites and the Clinton machine, Bernie's inspiring "Yes we will" optimism is trumping Hillary's technocratic "No we can't" defeatism.
The longer this race goes on, the weaker Hillary gets, because the more voters get to know her, the less they like her. In stark contrast, the more voters get to know Bernie, the more they like him. Even more troubling for Clinton, poll after poll shows Sanders not only beating Hillary nationally, but leading her against all the GOP presidential hopefuls, including Mr. 1%, Donald Trump.
In "Unless the Democrats Run Sanders, a Trump Nomination Means a Trump Presidency," Current Affairs editor Nathan J. Robinson spells out why Sanders is the Democratic Party's best hope against Donald Trump: "A Clinton match-up is highly likely to be an unmitigated electoral disaster, whereas a Sanders candidacy stands a far better chance. Every one of Clinton's (considerable) weaknesses plays to every one of Trump's strengths... From a purely pragmatic standpoint, running Clinton against Trump is a disastrous, suicidal proposition." I agree. It would be foolhardy for Democrats to take a chance on Hillary in 2016.
Clinton represents timid incrementalism at a time when the American people are in desperate need of bold transformational change. It is dispiriting to watch the Clintons serially slam the dreams that millions of Americans share with Sanders, dreams that most of the rest of the industrialized world have already achieved. Lest we forget, America was constituted on a daring dream our Founders risked their lives to realize.
Yet the Clinton campaign mantra seems to be "No we can't" guarantee health care to everyone as a right. "No we can't" make public colleges and universities tuition free. "No we can't" have guaranteed paid family and medical leave. "No we can't" have a minimum wage of $15 an hour. "No we can't" ban fracking. Had that kind of defeatist thinking prevailed during the American Revolution, there would be no America today. With that kind of uninspired thinking, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin would never have walked on the Moon.
Expressed another way by former President Bill Clinton's Secretary of Labor, Robert Reich, who has endorsed Sanders: "Progressive change has never happened without bold ideas championed by bold idealists. Some thought it was quixotic to try for civil rights and voting rights. Some viewed it as naïve to think we could end the Vietnam War. Some said it was unrealistic to push for the Environmental Protection Act. But time and again we've learned that important public goals can be achieved - if the public is mobilized behind them."
Bernie Sanders is winning the hearts and minds of America because he is calling for a political revolution that puts the needs of the American people first. Bernie's the best thing that ever could have happened to the Democratic Party. He's also their best hope to win the White House in November.
: The League of Nations in British Policy 1914-1925 Peter J. Yearwood OUP Oxford , Jan 15, 2009 - History - 432 pages 0 Reviews Peter Yearwood reconsiders the League of Nations, not as an attempt to realize an idea but as an element in the day-to-day conduct of Britain's foreign policy and domestic politics during the period 1914-25. He challenges the usual view that London reluctantly adopted the idea in response to pressure from Woodrow Wilson and from domestic public opinion, and that it was particularly wary of ideas of collective security. Instead he examines how London actively promoted the idea to manage Anglo-American relations in war and to provide the context for an enduring hegemonic partnership. The book breaks new ground in examining how London tried to use the League in the crises of the early 1920s: Armenia, Persia, Vilna, Upper Silesia, Albania, and Corfu. It shows how in the negotiations leading to the Draft Treaty of Mutual Assistance, the Geneva Protocol, and the Locarno accords, Robert Cecil, Ramsay MacDonald, and Austen Chamberlain tried to solve the Franco-German security question through the League. This involves a re-examination of how these leaders tried to use the League as an issue in British domestic politics and why it emerged as central to British foreign policy. Based on extensive, detailed archival research, this book provides a new and authoritative account of a largely misunderstood topic. Preview this book »
New Orleans Saints running back C.J. Spiller (28), Saints @ Buccaneers 2015
New Orleans Saints running back C.J. Spiller (28) in the second quarter against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers during the game Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Fl. Sunday, December 13, 2015. (Photo by David Grunfeld, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
(David Grunfeld, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
The New Orleans Saints appear set on bringing back running C.J. Spiller for another season based on comments from general manager Mickey Loomis during a radio interview on Tuesday night.
"I think we will see the real C.J. Spiller and we will be able to give him a lot of opportunities to get back to player that he was," Loomis said in an interview on Sirius XM NFL radio. "We are looking for some good things from him. He's a special player when he is right."
Spiller played in 13 games in 2015 but never had a significant role in the offense, even as injuries created more opportunities for playing time late in the year.
After insisting that Spiller was healthy for much of the year, coach Sean Payton later blamed injuries for Spiller's lack of production.
Spiller, 28, signed a four-year, $16 million contract with the Saints last March and the team would save little by cutting him during the offseason.
Spiller underwent arthroscopic knee surgery in training camp that caused him to miss the first two games.
"I don't know that he was ever quite right health-wise," Loomis said. "I think it begins with that. I know he worked hard. He had a significant injury. He worked hard at it, his rehab was going along pretty well, we felt good about him in training camp and yet during the course of the season it was never quite right."
732 Shares Share Share
When my 82-year-old uncle had a heart attack in the kitchen of his home, I was on the next plane to the East Coast. No one knew how long his brain had been deprived of oxygen before he'd been resuscitated. As I stood next to his bed in the hospital's ICU, I feared that my uncle would not make it. I learned that he'd suffered a second heart attack shortly after his admission. Robert was on full life support and dialysis, had congestive heart failure and renal failure.
Before my mother's funeral in 2001, I had no idea I had an uncle. She'd been adopted at birth and two years before her death she divulged that she'd sought out her biological parents 25 years earlier. Her search turned up a biological brother, the only sibling she had, and the only other family of origin of mine. I met Robert for the first time at her funeral. We developed a caring relationship over the next ten years and discovered we had common interests, even a similar temperament. I enjoyed him immensely.
In the hospital, I waited for Tom, who was like a son to Robert. They had been best friends for 30 years and were every bit as close as anyone who shared DNA. When he arrived, I could see the worry in his eyes, concern over whether Robert would survive. My uncle had no other family except for the two of us. We met with his physicians and nurses and discussed the planned treatment.
After I returned home, Tom and I developed a kinship through daily texts and phone calls about my uncle's status. Repeatedly, I heard Tom's anguish over Robert's lack of improvement, the unsuccessful attempts to wean him off the ventilator, and the onslaught of antibiotics and medical treatments. Tom was particularly upset about the staff's refusal to give Robert stronger pain medication than Tylenol and the occasional tramadol. The reason, they explained, was because of his fragile lung condition. With two torn rotator cuffs, I couldn't bear the thought of my uncle in that kind of pain. I called his internist. He never returned my call.
A few weeks into his ICU stay, Robert developed sepsis, pneumonia, and stage 3-4 pressure ulcers. His lungs collapsed on two separate occasions. He remained on the ventilator and now had the feeding tube inserted directly into his intestines. Acting on my uncle's behalf, Tom urged the doctors and nurses to give Robert stronger pain medication. They explained that anything stronger could compromise his already frail lungs, threatening his life.
After 30 days in the ICU, Robert was transferred to a long-term care hospital (LTCH). Robert's doctor insisted “they had the expertise to wean him off the ventilator.” This began an inconceivable nightmare. The repeated efforts to withdraw the ventilator were unsuccessful. He developed an additional lung infection and still had active pneumonia and sepsis. Robert remained on full life support.
One afternoon, I received a call from Tom. He had just visited Robert who had been a little more awake than what had become the norm. After seeing him wince repeatedly, Tom asked him if he was in pain. Robert nodded and mouthed the word, “morphine.” For my uncle to convey, “morphine,” the pain must have been excruciating. He was a strong, determined man who was adverse to any kind of medication.
That scenario drew my tears because I then understood that Robert had crossed his pain threshold. That kind of suffering is just unacceptable under any circumstances. I directed Tom to the LTCH's website and we both looked up patients' rights.
Climbing the chain of command at the LTCH, including the physicians, Tom cited the hospital's list of patients' rights, indicating which were being denied. He pleaded for stronger pain medication for Robert. His request was refused.
Seven weeks into his stay at the LTCH, Robert was unable to move, his body ravaged by disease, organ failure and extreme pain. He was now only able to blink and occasionally turn his head a couple of inches. Tom was beside himself with worry over Robert's critically ill status and persistent pain. Conversations with his doctors revealed that they all believed there was no hope for my uncle's recovery and that he would never progress beyond where he was now.
Tom and I agonized about Robert's medical treatment and where it was headed. His advance directive stated that if he had an incurable illness and was put on full life support, that it was only to be withdrawn if he were in a persistent vegetative state. When he wrote that living will, I suspected he'd known about Nancy Cruzan and Terri Schiavo and wanted to direct his own care in the end of life. Both Tom and I knew that prolonged, aggressive medical treatment with no cure in sight was not what Robert had actually intended.
Unfortunately, Robert had not appointed a formal health care proxy or surrogate decision-maker in his advance directive. Even with the doctors' consensus that Robert had no quality of life and no hope of recovery, the LTCH insisted that he remain on the ventilator because technically he was not in a persistent vegetative state. He could still blink and move his eyes.
In a phone conversation a few days later, Tom's desperation was palpable. “I can't stand to see him suffering like this,” he said. “It's just awful. He looks like a torture victim.”
I felt sick inside, wishing I could help my uncle. “I'll fly out again tomorrow morning,” I said, determined to help.
Tom insisted that I wait. He said that he'd spoken to Robert's attorney and had discussed the possibility of an emergency court hearing to have himself appointed as Robert's guardian so he could override his living will. “If it comes to that, fly out then. I'll need you in court.”
I agreed.
Requests for meetings with the LTCH's bioethics committee were ignored and Tom continued his discussions with the hospital administrator. She denied his plea for stronger pain medication for my uncle because she said it could force Robert's lungs into collapse again and the hospital could not take that risk. She then directed Tom to the LTCH's legal team.
The legal team?
It had come to this? What is wrong with our system? I called the hospital administrator the next morning. She claimed she was legally bound by Robert's living will because it was so specific about the legal term, “persistent vegetative state.” I then asked her about the possibility of transferring my uncle to hospice. She said that any hospice would interpret his living will in the same way.
“But he's suffering,” I said. “This isn't right. Keeping his body alive on machines is just cruel if he's not going to recover. He's in pain.”
She said, “I know.”
I called Tom and recounted my conversation with the administrator. We both exhaled in frustration. Tom had visited Robert that afternoon and encountered one of the nurses cleaning his pressure ulcer wounds. He'd asked her if Robert had been given pain medication, as this procedure can be quite painful. The nurse told Tom she'd given him Tylenol.
The next day, Tom met with the attorney for an emergency hearing so he could be appointed guardian. It never came to that. Shortly after a heated altercation between Tom and the LTCH administrator, my uncle was transferred to hospice. Neither of us understood why that transfer occurred then. Robert died immediately. I was deeply saddened but grateful that he was finally out of pain.
I suppose we'll never fully understand why the LTCH refused to act humanely, putting defensive medicine before a patient's right to die with dignity and the right to comprehensive pain management. I also realize that how my uncle stated his end-of-life wishes greatly affected the outcome of his care. But what is the answer? To craft living wills that encompass every conceivable scenario? To dispense with living wills altogether?
Martine Ehrenclou is a patient advocate. She is the author of Critical Conditions: The Essential Hospital Guide to Get Your Loved One Out Alive and The Take-Charge Patient.
Image credit: Shutterstock.com
Audits carried out at more than 300 abattoirs in England, Wales and Northern Ireland find major hygiene failings in more than a quarter of meat plants
One in four slaughterhouses are failing to take basic hygiene precautions to stop contaminated meat reaching high street butchers and supermarkets.
An analysis of government audits carried out at more than 300 abattoirs in England, Wales and Northern Ireland identified major hygiene failings in more than a quarter of the meat plants. The failings could expose consumers to serious food poisoning illnesses such as E coli, salmonella or campylobacter.
The investigation by the Observer and the Bureau of Investigative Journalism has also revealed that official Food Standards Agency records were falsified to conceal true levels of meat contamination at an English abattoir. A whistleblower said data relating to contamination of carcasses was misrecorded to mask poor hygiene practices at the plant, potentially allowing dirty meat to enter the food chain.
The most recent audit reports were analysed for 323 abattoirs in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. One key test that slaughterhouses have to pass is that “all handling and processes from slaughtering to despatch are done in a way that avoids the contamination of meat and offal entering the food chain”.
Out of the abattoirs audited, 86 did not meet that benchmark – with “major” hygiene breaches found. The hygiene breaches were logged during inspections by the FSA. They include instances of carcasses coming into contact with the factory floor, often dirty with the detritus of slaughter, cutting equipment not sterilised or washed adequately, and meat splashed with dirty water potentially containing faecal matter.
Minimising the risk of meat being contaminated with faecal matter is a priority, as it can contain bacteria that cause food-borne illnesses. Livestock can become caked with faeces on farms or in transport to slaughter and this can be transferred to carcasses during processing. These illnesses affect about a million people in the UK each year, according to official estimates, with around 20,000 admitted to hospital and 500 deaths annually. Foods most often linked to food poisoning include red meat, poultry and fish.
A strain of E coli known as O157 is among the most dangerous food-borne illnesses and can cause severe stomach pain, bloody diarrhoea and kidney failure. Although rare, in severe cases it can lead to haemolytic uraemic syndrome (HUS), which can be fatal, particularly for young children. E coli O157 is often found in the guts or waste of animals, including cattle, and meat infected during slaughter and processing is one route of transmission. More than 20 people died during the UK's worst E coli O157 outbreak in Scotland in 1996, blamed on contaminated meat. A later outbreak, in South Wales in 2005, saw more than 150 people, many of them children, fall ill and one child die. Dirty meat was again the cause.
Professor Hugh Pennington, one of the UK's leading microbiologists, chaired the official inquiries into the outbreaks. He said the FSA should make abattoirs take hygiene seriously: “If it was one in 100, even that would be too many, but one in four is unacceptable. This is basic hygiene. It's not rocket science, it's common sense. The FSA should be coming down on this like a ton of bricks. It's very disappointing this is going on. The main risk is E coli O157, which my review looked into. The consequences can be catastrophic. People died.”
The FSA said no visibly contaminated meat reached the public and hygiene failures were “not tolerated”, with enforcement action taken against failing plants. “All carcasses are inspected and directed for rectification if contaminated before health marking, so nothing contaminated goes on to the market and poses a risk to the consumer,” it said.
Rectification means cutting off any parts of the carcass visibly covered with faeces, but Pennington says that does not stop contaminated meat getting through. “Just cutting off the infected part isn't microbiologically sound,” he said. “It's not good enough. What you might not see is the invisible bacteria further up the meat.”Ron Spellman, of the European Food and Meat Inspectors Association, said the failure of 86 slaughterhouses to meet all hygiene regulations would “increase the risk” of dangerous bacteria “being transferred to the meat the consumer will receive”. He agreed with Pennington that just cutting off visibly contaminated bits of the carcass would not solve the problem.
The FSA said: “The purpose of trimming visual contamination is not to make carcasses sterile, but to remove areas where the risk of pathogenic bacteria being present is highest.”
The findings come as the FSA considers relaxing auditing regimes of some abattoirs to cut the overall number of inspections in order to reduce the burden on meat processors – and save money. Under proposals being considered, slaughterhouses found to be consistently compliant with regulations would be subject to a full audit every 36 months. At present the most compliant premises face re-auditing after 18 months. Unions representing meat inspectors say the proposals will do little to improve public food safety.
Scotland Yard's move risks sparking diplomatic row as Theresa May prepares to visit Arab state to talk up closer trade links
Scotland Yard is examining allegations of war crimes by Saudi Arabia in Yemen, the Guardian can reveal, triggering a possible diplomatic row with Britain on the eve of Theresa May's visit to the Arab state.
The Metropolitan police confirmed that their war crimes unit was assessing whether criminal prosecutions could be brought over Saudi Arabia's devastating aerial campaign in Yemen.
The force's SO15 counter-terrorism unit revealed to a London human rights lawyer that it had launched a “scoping exercise” into the claims before Maj Gen Ahmed al-Asiri's visit to the capital last week.
The revelation comes as May plans to underline Britain's close relationship with the Saudi royal family on her visit to the Arab state this week, in which tackling the terror threat from Islamic State will be a key factor.
Speaking in advance of the trip, in which she will also visit Jordan, the prime minister said she wanted to “herald a further intensification in relations between our countries and deepen true strategic partnerships”.
She argued that the intelligence relationship with Saudi Arabia had been critical, potentially saving hundreds of lives in the UK, and claimed there were huge possibilities for closer trade links as the UK moves towards leaving the European Union.
May plans to stress the need for collaboration in the wake of the Westminster terror attack, while also pledging humanitarian support to Jordan to help it handle the huge volumes of refugees displaced by the Syrian conflict.
But the trip comes under the shadow of a war in Yemen that has killed more than 10,000 civilians and displaced more than 3 million people. The Saudi-led coalition has been accused of killing thousands of civilians and triggering a humanitarian catastrophe in one of the region's poorest countries.
The UK, which along with the US supports the Saudis against the Houthis, has been urged to reconsider its arms exports to Saudi Arabia in light of the bloody air campaign.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Theresa May with Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz, left, and Bahrain's King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa during her trip to the Gulf in December. Photograph: Carl Court/Getty Images
In a letter from a detective inspector in SO15, which has been seen by the Guardian, Scotland Yard said: “I can confirm we have commenced a scoping exercise into the allegations you have raised regarding potential crimes in Yemen, committed by the international coalition who have intervened in the conflict between pro- and anti-government forces.”
The letter, dated Friday 31 March, goes on to say that if detectives believed Asiri was in the UK “we will consider any opportunities to arrest or interview any individual, should we deem the action to be proportionate, legal and necessary as part of the scoping exercise”.
Yemen at 'point of no return' as conflict leaves almost 7 million close to famine Read more
Officers are carrying out the scoping exercise to assess whether a full-scale investigation is justified into the war crimes allegations. It is understood that detectives are to examine whether there is an identifiable suspect and, if not, whether there is a realistic prospect of identifying one.
If a suspect is identified, detectives will then consider whether they can make on-the-ground inquiries overseas, although that is likely to prove impossible in Yemen.
Daniel Machover of Hickman & Rose, the London-based law firm that received the Scotland Yard letter, said: “The prosecuting authorities are legally obliged to seek out and, where the evidence permits, prosecute (or extradite for prosecution) those in their jurisdiction who are suspected of war crimes.
“Given the serious allegations against him, the Foreign Office should confirm that it will not stand in the way of due process and the rule of law by granting him special mission immunity in any future visit to this country.”
A Scotland Yard spokesman said: “On Thursday, 30 March 2017 the Metropolitan police service (MPS) received a referral of an allegation of war crimes, made against Saudi Arabia committed in Yemen.
”Following receipt of the referral, the MPS war crimes team (part of the counter-terrorism command) began a scoping exercise and contacted those making the allegations. There is no investigation at this time, and the scoping exercise continues.”
Asiri, who regularly appears in the media to defend Saudi Arabia's campaign in Yemen, was pelted with an egg by protesters and subjected to an attempted citizen's arrest before a seminar in London on Friday.
Boris Johnson was forced to express regret over the incident in a telephone call with Saudi Arabia's deputy crown prince, Mohammad bin Salman, on Sunday.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Maj Gen Ahmed al-Asiri accused Saudi Arabia's critics of being duped by Houthi extremists. Photograph: Faisal Nasser / Reuters/Reuters
The Saudis called the attempted citizen's arrest an attack against a representative of their government, according to the English-language Middle East Eye website. The Bahraini government, a close ally of Riyad and a country accused of severe human rights abuses, called it a “barbaric assault” by a “group of terrorists”.
At the seminar, Asiri accused Saudi Arabia's critics of making allegations without evidence and being duped by Houthi extremists.
May's visit comes as the chancellor, Philip Hammond, and the Bank of England governor, Mark Carney, head to India to “bang the drum for British business” in preparation for Brexit.
May has also visited India, the US and other countries to press her desire for a “global Britain”. This week's trip to Jordan and Saudi Arabia will be about pursuing close links.
Does UK's lucrative arms trade come at the cost of political repression? Read more
Downing Street said Saudi Arabia was the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East, with exports of British goods at £4.67bn and services at £1.9bn in 2015.
“As the United Kingdom leaves the EU, we are determined to forge a bold, confident future for ourselves in the world. We must look at the challenges that we, and future generations, will face and build stronger partnerships with countries that will be vital to both our security and our prosperity,” May has said.
But Human Rights Watch last week said Saudi Arabia may have committed a war crime on 16 March when a helicopter fired on a boat, killing at least 32 of the 145 Somali migrants and refugees on board and one Yemeni civilian. The attack occurred off the Yemeni port city of Hudaydah.
Asiri said Saudi helicopters did not hold the ammunition found at the site and told campaigners from Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch: “Stop communicating what the Houthi people put in the social media. To be constructive, give us evidence and we will engage with you.”
An FCO spokesperson said the UK was not a member of the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen but supported the intervention. “We regularly raise the importance of compliance with international humanitarian law with the Saudi government and other members of the military coalition and we do not shy away from raising legitimate human rights concerns with our friends.”
The Ministry of Defence monitors alleged violations of the law, which “informs our overall assessment” of compliance with international humanitarian law in Yemen, the spokesperson said.
Story highlights House investigators see the June 2016 Trump Tower meeting as a key event
What was discussed at the meeting continue to be debated by those who attended
(CNN) The House intelligence committee plans to interview next week the Russian-American lobbyist who was at the Trump Tower meeting with Donald Trump Jr. last year, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter.
The lobbyist, Rinat Akhmetshin , will be the latest participant at the controversial meeting to be questioned by House investigators. The panel last week interviewed Ike Kaveladze , a Russian who attended the meeting on behalf of Russian billionaire Aras Agalarov, the oligarch who initiated the session.
The meeting was set up by music publicist Rob Goldstone, who said in emails leading up to the meeting that Veselnitskaya had potentially damaging information on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that came from the Russian government.
A lawyer for Akhmetshin did not respond to a request for comment.
Read More
It is a scenario we have seen play out in the movies time and time again. Amidst heavy combat, a naval vessel is taking on water fast as the crew scrambles around to contain the damage. Yet, for some men, Hollywood could only paint a vague shadow of what such an experience is really like. For Lieutenant Commander Herbert Schonland, this would be his reality off the coast of Guadalcanal in 1942.
During an intense nighttime naval battle with the Imperial Japanese Navy, Lieutenant Commander Schonland would find himself in command of the USS San Francisco after an Admiral, the Captain, and every other senior officer had been killed. In the pitch black of night with nothing but a hand lantern for illumination, he waded through waist-deep water and saved the ship.
For his actions, he would receive the Medal of Honor and the gratitude of every sailor on that ship who didn't feel like going for a swim that night.
Fit for Duty at Sea
Born in 1900 Portland Maine, Herbert's Schonland seemed destined for a life at sea. Appointed to attend the US Naval Academy at Annapolis, he graduated in 1925 as an ensign and reported to the USS Utah for sea duty.
During the years prior to World War II, he would serve on a variety of ships as was common for an up-and-coming officer. However, in June 1939 he would be assigned to the heavy cruiser USS San Francisco where he would remain until 1944.
The men of the USS San Francisco can count their blessings that such a skilled and able battle control officer was gifted to them. Otherwise, the San Francisco would find herself today making a beautiful coral reef for tropical fish off the coast of Guadalcanal.
The USS San Francisco would play a pivotal role early on in the war. As fate would have it, the San Francisco was in Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941 awaiting maintenance and upgrades. With much of the ship broken down for an overhaul, her ammunition was in storage and many of the guns had been removed.
When the Japanese began the attack, only small arms and two .30 in (7.6mm) machine guns were available. With most of the officers and enlisted men absent from the ship, those who remained behind did their best to fight back with what they could and some crossed over onto other ships to help man their weapon systems.
It remains to be seen whether or not the San Francisco's disheveled state played a role, but the San Francisco would escape the attack on Pearl Harbor without being bombed or damaged. As a result, with a quick workup and turnaround, she set out to sea in mid-December where she would play a vital role as one of the few unscathed ships of the Pacific Fleet.
Aboard, Lieutenant Commander Schonland would serve as the damage control officer and a late 1942 rendezvous with the Japanese off Guadalcanal would push his abilities to the limit.
Naval Battle of Guadalcanal
In August 1942, the US landed on Guadalcanal to seize a Japanese airfield under construction with the potential to threaten Australia. Later renamed Henderson Field, the Japanese would make multiple attempts to reclaim the airfield which required the presence of additional troops who were to be ferried in by sea.
As a result, a game of cat and mouse occurred around these islands as the Japanese and Americans attempted to locate and discern the other's fleet movements.
On the afternoon of November 12, 1942, a Japanese air group attacked the task force of which the USS San Francisco was a part. During this aerial attack, a damaged torpedo bomber crash into the San Francisco killing 15 men and wounding 30. After evacuating the wounded and deceased, the San Francisco joined the hunt for the Japanese fleet.
Sometime after midnight on the morning of November 13, one of the key early naval engagements of World War II would take place. When the time for action came, the San Francisco opened fire in the pitch dark night upon an enemy cruiser and destroyer. Fully engaged with the enemy, the San Francisco would soon find herself in the sights of a Japanese battleship, destroyer, and cruiser making her the unwelcome recipient of a trifecta of naval fire.
The San Francisco continued to fight back as the Japanese ships pounded her deck, but the heavy fire took out many of her guns and a direct hit on the navigation bridge killed or severely wounded all of the senior officers to include Admiral Callahan and the ship's Captain Cassin Young.
Meanwhile below deck, Lieutenant Commander Schonland was working feverishly to contain the damage from the 40 plus hits they had taken just above the waterline. The USS San Francisco was taking on water fast and the situation looked grim were it not for Schonland's ingenuity.
Saving the Ship Just in Time
After being informed he was the senior officer left alive, Schonland opted to remain below deck to save the ailing ship while leaving the capable Lieutenant Commander Bruce McCandless in charge to navigate.
It wasn't that tough a call for Schonland to turn down the opportunity to command the ship as once the ship falls below the surface of the sea there is very little left to command. Sloshing through waist deep water in the pitch black, he fought to contain the damage and pump out the water.
Realizing that the second deck's pumps were an inadequate, Schonland made the genius call to send the water down to the lower decks where the much higher capacity bilge pumps could get the job done. Instructing the engine room to have the bilge pumps going at full capacity and giving the crew below a heads-up that wall of water was about to come their way, he opened the hatches to the lower decks.
Not only did this plan work, but sending the water to the bottom decks actually help lower the center of gravity giving the ship greater stability during the effort to save it.
Early that morning, the USS San Francisco was able to turn what seemed like an imminent sinking into an ability to head out for repairs under her own power. For his actions, Lieutenant Commander Schonland would be awarded the Medal of Honor and become the poster child for the type of man you wanted on board when your ship was going down.
He continued to serve at sea until 1944 when he was sent to the Naval training school in San Francisco California to become an instructor for his beloved damage control.
It was here that he would finish out the war as he passed on his knowledge to the next generation of sailors as only one with a Medal of Honor could do.
“When I see an image come through in my developer, it stuns me every time. It's the stuff of magic.”
Lena Herzog is a visual artist and photographer who develops thoughts and ideas as well as images. In his introduction to their conversation, Entitled Opinions host Robert Harrison suggests that her camera follows Joseph Conrad's aesthetic creed to “render the highest kind of justice to the visible world.”
Harrison and Herzog discuss the cultural transition to digital photography and Herzog's penchant for a ghostly or alchemical – or even sacramental – approach to creating images. Herzog usually works with pre-digital cameras, where latent images are transformed into visible ones with emulsions in a darkroom.
The two discuss how many cultures have believed that photographs steal the soul. Have millions of digital images eroded meaning from places and people? Walter Benjamin said that photography is one of the most powerful instruments of desacralization of the world, so Harrison and Herzog discuss the over-familiarization of images of landscapes and objects, in an era when we live in oceans of images.
Herzog argues that the images capture the “inner state of being” of the photographer: “Five photographers are in a trench, they pop out, they take a picture if the same event, they pop back in. They come out with completely different images. Remember the picture of the naked girl at the napalm bombing during the Vietnam War? It's Nick Ut's very famous iconic image. On that bridge stood half a dozen photographers, including a photographer from the New York Times who was far more famous at the time. None of them produced images that stuck with us. They were shooting at the same time with the same group of Vietnamese running towards them. This is an extraordinary and fascinating aspect of photography.”
“About five billion people who have cellphones can produce fairly competent images. They're okay, but okay is not enough.”
Lena Herzog is a visual artist and photographer who lives in Los Angeles. Born in the Ural mountains of Russia, she moved to the city of St. Petersburg (then Leningrad) to study Languages and Literature at Leningrad University. She immigrated alone to the United States in 1990 and worked at Stanford University two years later as a research consultant. She then completed her BA in Philosophy at Mills College, specializing in the history and the philosophy of science and doing a comparative study of the paradigm shift theories of Thomas Kuhn and Paul Feyerabend.
In 1997, she discovered photography, and apprenticed to Italian and French printmakers, with a special interest in early and alternative photographic processes. Her work now ranges from classical documentary to the experimental and conceptual. She is married to filmmaker Werner Herzog.
Her photography has been featured and reviewed in The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times Magazine, The Paris Review, The New Yorker, Cabinet Magazine, The Believer, and Vanity Fair, among others, and she is a regular contributing artist to Harper's Magazine. She is the author of five books of photography and her work has been internationally exhibited.
Her most recent series, Lost Souls, was shown at the International Center of Photography in New York. The book by the same name was widely reviewed. Her book Strandbeest: The Dream Machine of Theo Jansen, was published by TASCHEN in the 2015.
With about three out of four South Carolina Democratic primary voters supporting Hillary Clinton on Saturday, the former secretary of state won the convincing victory she needed to reclaim her title as the clear front-runner for the Democratic nomination.
Clinton's decisive victory gives her a serious lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders in the delegate count, while her strong support among African-American voters leaves her poised to gain an even greater foothold in the race on Super Tuesday.
With the wind at her back, Clinton on Saturday night clearly had her eye on the general election.
"Despite what you hear, we don't need to make America great again, America has never stopped being great," she said in Columbia, previewing her potential campaign against Donald Trump, the current Republican front-runner. "But we do need to make America whole again. Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers."
At the same time, Clinton seemed to acknowledge that she doesn't have the nomination locked down just yet.
"We are going to compete for every vote in every state," she said. "We are not taking anything -- and we're not taking anyone -- for granted."
Why Super Tuesday matters for Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz
Eleven states and one territory will hold their Democratic primaries or caucuses in just a few days on Super Tuesday. Clinton is very likely to rack up an even larger lead in the delegate count, thanks to large states like Texas, Georgia and Alabama, which demographically are similar to South Carolina.
At the same time, Sanders is sure to do well in a handful of Super Tuesday states. He told reporters travelling with him after his South Carolina loss, that "over 800 delegates are at stake and we intend to win many, many of them." Those anticipated victories, combined with a decent performance in the larger states, may allow Sanders to sustain his campaign -- particularly given the cash he's raised in recent months.
"Let me be clear on one thing tonight. This campaign is just beginning," Sanders said in a statement Saturday. "We won a decisive victory in New Hampshire. She won a decisive victory in South Carolina. Now it's on to Super Tuesday....Our grassroots political revolution is growing state by state, and we won't stop now."
Sanders did indeed win a decisive victory in the New Hampshire primary with his promise to tackle income inequality. It's an issue that clearly resonates with voters, even in South Carolina: Nearly eight out of 10 primary voters on Saturday said the U.S. economic system favors the wealthy.
However, while Sanders has premised his campaign on the need to address this problem, it's been a relatively easy issue for Clinton to co-opt -- while chiding Sanders for failing to look past it.
Hillary Clinton: We have to make America whole again
"We need to show with everything we do, that we're really in this together -- too many people at the top, too many corporations, have forgotten this truth," Clinton said Saturday. "It's important that Wall Street never threaten Main Street again... But America isn't a single-issue country, my friends. We need more than a plan for the biggest banks. The middle class needs a raise, and we need more good jobs, jobs that pay well and can't be outsourced. Jobs that provide dignity and a path to a brighter future."
Just about a fifth of voters in South Carolina said that income inequality is the most important issue facing the country, according to CBS News exit polling. Around twice as many said the economy and jobs are the most important.
The exit polling also revealed several other factors working against Sanders. For example, 74 percent said Clinton is a trustworthy candidate, while just 63 percent of voters said that Sanders is a trustworthy candidate. By comparison, in New Hampshire -- where voters have had the chance to become more familiar with the Vermont senator -- 89 percent said Sanders was trustworthy, while 45 percent said so about Clinton.
Meanwhile, Sanders overwhelmingly lost the African-American vote: 87 percent of black voters in South Carolina sided with Clinton. Sanders has made concerted efforts to talk about issues like racial disparities in the justice system, while campaigning with prominent African Americans like rapper Killer Mike and former NAACP president Ben Jealous. Even so, just 59 percent of South Carolina voters said they would trust Sanders to handle race relations, while 85 percent said they would trust Clinton to do so.
Sanders has just a few days left to bolster his support among black voters before Democrats in states like Georgia and Alabama head to the polls. Yet as he now turns his attention to states like Minnesota, where he'll be more likely to find support, Clinton seems poised to take home more large victories on Super Tuesday.
Already, polls out of Texas for the past month have shown Clinton with a double-digit lead over Sanders. The same is true in Georgia and Virginia. Her large lead in these states is noteworthy, given that most of the Democratic delegates are awarded proportionally. Additionally, Clinton will almost certainly build up her huge lead in support from superdelegates -- party officials who are free to support whom they please.
As Clinton racks up her delegate count, it will be harder and harder for Sanders to catch up.
Montgomery County, Alabama's fourth most populous county, is out thousands of dollars after officials were forced to pay a ransom to retrieve stolen data from hackers over the weekend.
The infection, first detected September 19, prevented nearly every government agency within the county from gaining access to its operating systems, files and websites, the Montgomery Advertiser reported.
© REUTERS / Sergei Karpukhin/File Photo Malware Attacks Faking Ransomware Likely to Continue in Next 3 Months - Kaspersky Firm
Though officials first scoffed at the idea of having to pay up, their opinions quickly changed after county administrators realized they wouldn't be able to access their 70 terabytes worth of backup files either, due to a technical error.
"When we went to retrieve the data, we had the vendor come in and try to get to that data," Lou IaIacci, the county's chief IT officer, told local station WSFA 12. "Their recommendation [was] to do a cleanup [but] when we did the cleanup we lost the data."
The county was given seven days to cough up the dough, and cracked on the fourth.
Calling an emergency meeting Friday to authorize the funds, the group decided to pay half of the ransom on Saturday and the other half on Sunday, gaining access to more data each day.
To conduct the transaction, officials first had to purchase 9 bitcoins, ranging in price between $40,000 to $50,000, to pay off the tricksters.
"I hate to say this, but their reputation is that they do return stuff. They think of themselves as modern day Robin Hoods, they are here helping the masses," IaIacci admitted. "They are the good guys: they are going to come in, hack you and grab the files [and] if you pay them, that's your punishment for letting them in."
© Sputnik / Vladimir Trefilov Authors of Petya Ransomware Made Businesses Invest in Cyberdefense - Qiwi CTO
While the FBI does advise victims against paying cybercriminals to recover stolen files, the warnings have mostly fallen on deaf ears. Per the bureau, in 2016 hackers managed to get their hands on more than $2.4 million, the Washington Times reported.
"You don't think about these things till they happen," Elton Dean, county commission chairman, told the Advertiser Monday. "When you are talking about losing $5 million worth of files, that's kind of like an emergency situation."
With officials now in recovery mode, IaIacci announced the county would now be setting up precautionary measures to prevent a similar scenario from happening in the future.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Pharmaceuticals is an extraordinarily profitable business.
The most profitable, in fact, looking at figures for last year.
But for how much longer is the question occupying the minds not just of big pharma executives, but of health professionals and governments the world over.
There are already signs of trouble ahead - thousands of job losses and widespread consolidation are hardly characteristics of an industry in rude health.
But this is just the beginning of a process that could fundamentally change the pharmaceutical sector forever.
'Little breakthrough'
For a start, big pharmaceutical companies are no longer providing the service they once did.
"The system has served us well in terms of developing good new medicines, but in the past 10-20 years there has been very little breakthrough in innovation," says Dr Kees de Joncheere at the World Health Organisation.
Of the 20 or 30 new drugs brought to the market each year, "many scientists say typically three are genuinely new, with the rest offering only marginal benefits," he says.
This dearth of genuinely new potential blockbuster drugs is a grave problem for big pharmas, and of course society at large, particularly given the industry is falling off a patent cliff the like of which it has never seen.
"Over the past three or four years, we have seen the biggest collection of patent expiries in history," says Stephen Whitehead, chief executive of the Association of the British Pharmaceuticals Industry (ABPI).
"This has cost the industry some £150bn ($240bn)."
Also weighing heavily on pharma companies is the process known as stratification. Scientific advances have led to a far better understanding of both genetics and disease, which means individual drugs can now be targeted far more directly at a much smaller number of patients.
Whereas previously one drug would be used to treat different types of cancer, for example, now different strains can be treated with a specific medicine.
The cost of developing these drugs remains high, typically $1.5bn-$2.5bn (£900m-£1.5bn), but the market for them is tiny - in some cases only 100-150 patients.
Fair price?
This all means drugs are becoming increasingly expensive, and prohibitively so in some cases.
Gilead's new hepatitis C drug Sovaldi - costing upwards of $100,000 for a full course - has caused quite a stir.
Image copyright AP
"Increasingly questions are being asked," says Dr de Joncheere. "Are we getting a fair price? Are we getting enough transparency in research and development?
"If France were to treat all its hepatitis C patients with Sovaldi, it would add €1.5bn ($1.9bn; £1.2bn) to the country's drugs bill.
"[These kinds of drugs] are just not affordable any more."
And particularly so when fragile economic growth and high debt levels are squeezing government budgets across the world.
Even in the US, where free market pricing rules absolutely, Congress is becoming increasingly concerned about the price of some drugs.
Neglected drugs
And it's not just the cost of the drugs that are being developed that is a big problem, but those that aren't.
Big pharma companies are in the business to make money, so will generally develop those drugs that offer the greatest potential for profit.
This means a number of important drugs are neglected - the current Ebola crisis being a case in point.
Previous outbreaks over the past 30-40 years have been nothing like as serious as that which has claimed thousands of lives in West Africa and threatens to spread to the more developed world.
But the reason why there are so few drugs in the pipeline has more to do with affordability - developing economies do not have the kind of money needed to pay for what would be an expensive vaccine, and no amount of public pressure will override the profit-making incentive of the big pharma companies.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The pharmaceutical industry had been slow to develop an Ebola vaccine before the recent outbreak
Antibiotics is another example. These vital anti-bacterial drugs have been virtually ruined by trigger-happy GPs and patients who don't stay the full course. Resistance has built up to such a degree that, soon enough, these drugs will no longer be fit for purpose.
But new antibiotics would need to be affordable, or restricted to those that truly need them. Either way, there is little incentive for private companies to enter the market.
As Dr Stephen Godwin, senior research director at the Planning Shop International, says, "If you're only using it for seven to 10 days, it's a whole lot more difficult to make a profit than on a medicine people have to take every day."
Radical change
No wonder, then, that "the [current] model has run out of steam" as Dr de Joncheere puts it.
Big pharma companies are facing a huge drop in revenue from blockbuster drugs coming off patent, while those increasingly difficult-to-find replacements are simply becoming too expensive.
And without generating revenues through sales, these companies will struggle to fund the development of new life-saving drugs.
Big pharma facts
Total global spending on medicines will exceed $1 trillion for the first time in 2014
Global spending on prescription medicines is expected to increase by $205bn-$235bn in the five years to 2017
The US, EU5 (Germany, France, Italy, UK and Spain), Japan and China account for just under 70% of total global medicine spending
In 2012 in developed economies, 72% of all spending was on branded drugs, with 16% on generics
Spending on traditional pharmaceuticals in emerging markets is expected to rise by 69% over the next five years
Source: IMS Health
In the UK, the ABPI negotiates with the government to agree a cap on the National Health Service drugs bill - this year and next there will be no rise.
But longer term, more radical approaches will be needed. One obvious solution, which is already taking hold, is pharma companies working in partnership with government - a great deal of work has already been done to help in the fight against Aids, malaria, meningitis and tuberculosis, for example, while work on developing new antibiotics is under way.
They will also have to work more closely with each other, a process that has begun already with the multi-billion-dollar deal struck earlier this year between Novartis and GlaxoSmithKline.
Raising money on financial markets, for example through long-term bonds, will also be needed to plug funding gaps.
Both national governments and multi-national bodies such as the European Commission will have to devote more resources to fund research and development, rather than relying on the private sector, while third parties such as the Bill Gates Foundation will have a bigger role to play alongside the charitable sector.
Collaboration and partnership, then, may have to take the place of profit and competition as the key words in the development of the medicines of the future.
And that may be no bad thing for all of us.
This is the second in a two-part series on pharmaceutical companies. The first looked at the extraordinary profits made by drug companies.
Stars defenseman Kevin Connauton sat in the locker room after Wednesday's practice and talked about the couple times he almost got into games this season.
“Last game we all dressed for warm-ups and I really wasn't sure. I was texting my family and friends, saying, ‘Hey, it might be tonight. Keep an eye on the game,'” he said. “Then in Colorado, (Trevor) Daley had kind of tweaked his shoulder and they had me warm up just in case. Those were both moments that I thought maybe it was coming, but it didn't end up happening. I don't know how to describe it. It almost feels like it is never going to come. “
But tonight, it will come. The 23-year-old Connauton will make his NHL debut when the Dallas Stars take on the Calgary Flames at American Airlines Center. He'll play with Sergei Gonchar on the Stars' third defensive pair.
“I'm extremely excited, a little bit nervous,” Connauton said after Thursday morning's skate at American Airlines Center. “I never thought this moment was going to come the last couple years, so it's pretty surreal that it's happening right now. I am going to try to make it through the day, get a good nap in and get after it tonight.”
Connauton, acquired last season from Vancouver in the Derek Roy deal, has been a healthy scratch the first eight games of the season. He's a slick skating defenseman, who can move the puck. He's got a hard shot as well.
“Great mobility. He's used his size and reach well defending,” said Stars coach Lindy Ruff. “We've had a couple of guys that have struggled, so we are going to give him a look.”
Alex Goligoski, who has struggled so far this season, will come out of the lineup tonight to make room for Connauton.
This will be Connauton's first game since the Sept. 27 preseason game against the Edmonton Oilers. Even though he hasn't played in almost a month, Connauton said he's made strides while watching and practicing with the Stars.
“Even though you are just practicing, you feel like you are always learning,” Connauton said. “You are always having to push yourself because the pace is so much higher. I think I've learned and grown a lot even since training camp, being here, being with this group of guys and having to step up my game to keep up with them on the ice.”
Connauton signed a three-year contract with the Stars this past summer. This year he is on a two-way deal, but the next two years are one-way. It was a big shot of confidence for Connauton, who is in his fourth professional season.
“For me it's been the mindset of being better than I was the year before going into each camp,” Connauton said. “In years past, I went into training camp and I wanted to make the team, but I knew in the back of my head that I didn't stand a good chance. This year, I came in with the mentality that I didn't want to leave at all. It was make the team or nothing for me. It's a process, and I am taking it step by step. I made the first goal of opening night roster, and now it's a matter of getting that first game under my belt and moving on from there.”
Ruff on Goligoski being scratched
Alex Goligoski will be a healthy scratch for tonight's game against Calgary. Stars coach Lindy Ruff talked about the decision after Thursday morning's skate.
“I had a real good conversation with him. I want him to improve some of his defending,” Ruff said. “There's been some good to his game, which I talked about. There's nothing on the offensive side to help support the defensive numbers. He's working hard. He's had a great attitude. He even had a great attitude yesterday. I want him to work hard, get back in and play well.
“We need to win games. Defensively we haven't played well enough and some of our defensemen haven't played well enough. It's time to hold guys accountable for their play.”
Notes
*As expected, Kari Lehtonen will start in goal for the Stars tonight. He returns after missing the last five games with a lower body injury.
*Erik Cole, who didn't practice the last two days due to an undisclosed injury, skated this morning and is expected to play tonight.
*Defenseman Aaron Rome cleared waivers Thursday morning. The Stars said they were planning no immediate roster moves.
Thursday's game
Who: Calgary Flames at Dallas Stars
Where: American Airlines Center
When: 7:30 p.m.
TV: Fox Sports Southwest
Radio: The Ticket 1310 AM/96.7 FM
Stars projected lineup
Jamie Benn – Tyler Seguin – Rich Peverley
Ray Whitney – Cody Eakin – Alex Chiasson
Valeri Nichushkin – Shawn Horcoff – Erik Cole
Lane MacDermid – Vernon Fiddler – Antoine Roussel
Brenden Dillon – Stephane Robidas
Trevor Daley – Jordie Benn
Kevin Connauton – Sergei Gonchar
Kari Lehtonen (starter)
Dan Ellis
Scratches: Alex Goligoski, Aaron Rome
Suspended: Ryan Garbutt
Elon students to coffee shop staffer: You're going to Disney World!
Lucy Smith-Williams (left) and Taylor Zisholtz hug Kathryn Thompson after revealing their special surprise for her.
When Elon University junior Taylor Zisholtz visited the campus coffee shop for dinner one night, she had no idea she'd leave with a mission to make someone's dream come true.
Beloved university employee Kathryn Thompson manned the sandwich line that night, as she's done five nights a week for the past 10 years. After Zisholtz placed her order, Thompson told her to “Have a good, honey.” It's what she always says.
Soon after, Thompson began talking to Zisholtz and another girl nearby, first-year Lucy Smith-Williams.
When Smith-Williams said she was from Florida, Thompson's face lit up. It was her “one and only dream,” she said, to visit Disney World with her family.
Thompson, who was born and raised near Elon, N.C., had never left the town.
Zisholtz and Smith-Williams locked eyes. They knew they had to make Thompson's dream a reality.
“I had such an adrenaline rush that I started working on a Go Fund Me page for her that night,” Zisholtz said. “By the next day we posted it, and it started rolling.”
They shared the page on various Elon Facebook groups, Twitter and even Yik Yak. In just three days, they raised almost half the funds needed to meet their initial goal of $6,500.
“As a freshman joining new community, seeing the whole campus come together to give was very special experience,” Smith-Williams said.
They've now raised almost $10,000, and the page is flooded with well wishes from current students and alumni.
“This woman and the few people like her are the reason I loved Elon,” wrote Sean Lang.
“Sweet Kathryn deserves this more than anyone,” wrote Lauren Goworowski.
Even people with no connection to Elon have contributed to the cause.
“I don't know anyone involved,” wrote Cassandra Cooper, who saw the page on Facebook, “but I believe everyone deserves the chance to get away.”
Especially Thompson. In addition to working at Elon until 2 a.m. five nights a week, she also works at a school in the local district. She works until 3 p.m. at the school and then drives to Elon, where she takes a quick nap in her car before starting her shift.
“She has such a profoundly positive impact on people,” Smith-Williams said. “Everyone knows who she is, and she's always interested in anything you have to say.”
“When you see her, it feels like you're walking into Grandma's house,” Zisholtz said.
When Zisholtz and Smith-Williams led Thompson into the room where they planned to surprise her, she thought a Mickey poster, covered in quotes of love and support from the Go Fund Me page donations, was the surprise.
“When I read her the part that said, ‘You and your family are going to Disney World,' she realized and broke down,” Zisholtz said.
Zisholtz and Smith-Williams will use the extra money to help Thompson's family in another way, possibly with another trip.
“We didn't do anything revolutionary — anyone could've done this,” Smith-Williams said. “Anything you can do to change someone's life helps. If you can just do a little something to make someone's life better, it could really make an impact on that person and the community.”
This story originally appeared on the USA TODAY College blog, a news source produced for college students by student journalists. The blog closed in September of 2017.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2PaE9Vf
Facebook + FÖLJ
Gänget torterar en förståndshandikappad kille
1 av 2
avSusanna Hållbus
NYHETER 5 januari 2017 06:24
Fyra personer är gripna i USA efter att ha hållit en förståndshandikappad kille fången och misshandlat honom.
I en livesänd video slår, sparkar och hotar de honom. De rakar av honom håret tills det blöder ur hårbotten.
”Fuck Donald Trump! Fuck vita människor”, säger de misstänkta i klippet.
– Man blir illamående. Jag har varit polis i 28 år. Jag har sett saker som man inte borde se. Det här överrumplade mig, sa polischefen Eddie Johnson på en presskonferens.
I en livesändning på Facebook visade de fyra misstänkta hur de håller en kille fången i ett hus. I klippet ser man offret sitta i ett hörn, bunden till händer och fötter med silvertejp. Han har en munkavel.
De fyra gärningsmännen på videon, två kvinnor och två män, hånar honom. De rakar av lite av hans hår och misshandlar honom med sparkar och slag.
Med en kniv skär de upp tyget i offrets munkjacka. Sedan skrattar de.
Polisen tror att de fyra misstänkta har hållit killen fången i ett dygn, möjligtvis två dygn. De ska ha tagit honom från en villaförort till huset i ett område i sydvästra Chicago. En av gärningsmännen ska ha varit bekant med offret från skolan.
De fyra misstänkta, alla i 18-årsåldern, är gripna och anhållna i väntan på häktningsförhandling.
Om åtalet ska innehålla kidnappning, hatbrott och om brottet har andra politiska motiv är inte färdigt. ”Utredningen pågår”, skriver Chicago police department i ett meddelande.
Polispatrull hittade offret på gatan
Polisen berättar hur en patrull påträffade en uppriven kille på en gata i North Lawndale i Chicago på onsdagen. De tog med honom till stationen – och senare blev de varse om videon som cirkulerade i sociala medier. Killen från gatan tros vara samma som brottsoffret i klippet.
5 januari 2017 06:24
Now that legislative leaders in California have hired law firm Covington & Burling and Eric Holder to offer legal counsel to the state during Donald Trump's presidency, it is worth noting a few facts about the high-profile firm the former attorney general helps lead.
1. Eric Holder made millions working at Covington & Burling before being tasked to prosecute big bank executives responsible for the 2008 economic collapse.
After serving in the Bill Clinton DOJ, Holder spent nearly a decade at Covington & Burling giving counsel to the firm's top-tier finance clients. From 2001 until he became Obama's attorney general, Holder made more than 4.5 million dollars in compensation at Covington & Burling. The firm's clients included JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, and Bank of America–the very big banks Obama blamed for the financial collapse.
Indeed, these Covington clients are also the same financial institutions against which Obama's Holder-led DOJ failed to file a single criminal charge for their involvement in the 2008 financial crisis.
2. Holder's DOJ issued a last-minute ruling in 2011 that reaped millions for clients of his former law firm Covington & Burling.
On December 23, 2011, the Holder-led DOJ issued a ruling legalizing non-sports betting via the Internet.
The Holder's DOJ's surprise ruling produced massive windfall profits for online lottery and gambling giants, many of whom were represented by Covington & Burling.
As Breitbart News reported:
In 2006, Lottomatica acquired GTECH Holdings Corporation in a $4.8 billion deal. The lawyer representing Lottomatica was Jack Bodner, an attorney at Eric Holder's law firm, Covington & Burling. Furthermore, the chairman of GTECH, which kept its name after the acquisition and is now a subsidiary of Lottomatica, is Donald Sweitzer. Mr. Sweitzer is a major Democratic Party donor. Since 1990, Sweitzer has donated $136,265 to Democratic candidates. Mr. Sweitzer was also the political director of the Democratic National Committee during President Bill Clinton's first term and the former finance director of the Democratic National Committee. When Eric Holder was Barack Obama's campaign co-chairman, Sweitzer donated $4,000 to Obama's inauguration. GTECH also has its own 2012 political action committee (PAC), with $80,828 in total receipts. Then there is the case of Scientific Games, whose stock nearly doubled after the DOJ's ruling. On its board of directors sits Francis Townsend, a former senior official at Department of Justice. According to the Chicago Tribune, Ms. Townsend “worked closely with [Eric] Holder in the Clinton administration Justice Department.” Despite having served under Republican Administrations, Ms. Townsend was so fond of Eric Holder that she actually testified at his Senate confirmation hearing as a character witness on Holder's behalf.
3. Disgraced Democratic Governor Jon Corzine's MF Global was a client of Eric Holder's former law firm, Covington & Burling.
Covington & Burling represented MF Global, the now-defunct financial services firm whose former CEO Jon Corzine oversaw the disappearance of $1 billion in client funds. MF Global owed Covington $114,275.55 “for services rendered prior to Oct. 31, 2011,” the day MF Global filed for its bankruptcy protection, a Government Accountability Institute (GAI) report confirmed.
Corzine, a former bundler for Obama's presidential campaign, had several crony connections to Holder, Breitbart revealed:
The attorney representing MF Global Treasurer Edith O'Brien is Reid Weingarten, Eric Holder's “best friend” and his own personal attorney. Weingarten and Holder also co-founded a non-profit together, the See Forever Foundation. Former FBI Director Louis Freeh is the trustee overseeing MF Global's bankruptcy. Freeh was a character witness at Holder's Senate confirmation hearing. Freeh also previously retained Holder to do legal work when he was General Counsel for MBNA America Bank in Wilmington, Delaware.
4. Holder's DOJ expanded the use of an anti-bribery law that ostensibly funneled top-tier clients to Covington & Burling.
With Holder at the helm, the Obama administration, in 2009, began using an obscure anti-bribery law, called the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), to prosecute companies headed by top Republican donors, including Koch Industries, News Corporation, and Hewlett-Packard.
Government Accountability Institute President and Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer explained in great detail in his New York Times bestseller Extortion how Holder, former DOJ Criminal Division head-turned Covington lawyer Lanny Breuer, and the Obama DOJ increased (FCPA) enforcement actions over 65 percent, compared to the Bush administration.
“DOJ tells companies they must hire a law firm to ‘monitor' their FCPA compliance, which can cost up to $10 million a year,” Schweizer told Breitbart News. “This creates a huge business opportunity for Covington & Burling, especially since Breuer is on the outside at Covington and Holder is on the inside at DOJ.”
Indeed, the firm's website says, “Covington lawyers have a unique command of anti-corruption laws, in part due to our role in helping draft the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in 1977.”
“For the first 30 years of the FCPA, the Department of Justice brought just two to three cases a year against companies,” said Schweizer. “In 2009, the Obama Justice Department sent the number of investigations soaring to at least 120.”
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson.
Beer lovers will defend their favorite breweries the way sports fans will rally for their favorite teams, and in both cases, proximity to home matters. Investing in a local beer not only supports the community, but in many cases allows the drinker to experience their favorite local flavors in liquid form.
In name and taste, many beers represent the cultures in which they were created: Alabama's Snake Handler IPA can be described as "piney," and West Virginia's Miner's Daughter Oatmeal Stout puts a creamy spin on heavy beer.
The folks at First We Feast have rounded up the best local beers from all 50 states, and they've shared 15 of them with us. Check out these stouts, IPAs, pils and pale ales that have been deemed the best in their states, and let us know about your favorite local beers in the comments! (And see all 50 beers at First We Feast.)
At the end of last week, BitGold announced it raised $17 million in a deal that began as a $14.8 million offering. This deal is one of many in recent months which has put the company at the forefront of the financial press. Alongside the millions in recently raised capital, BitGold founder Joshua Crumb has stated the company strives to be public and operating in the US by the end of the year.
“Post our acquisition of GoldMoney and the institutional raise, we are taking steps for both main board listing on the TSX and a US listing strategy,” co-founder and chief strategy officer Joshua Crumb said. “We would like to be listed and offering services in the US later in the year.” Crumb also stressed how BitGold is different from other online gold platforms; namely, the platform allows investors to buy gold within 1% of real-time prices.
“We built our own exchange to get the best price possible and reduced settlement from a couple of days to instantly,” Crumb said.
In an exclusive interview with James Turk, which only appears in Jeff Berwick's TDV Paid Newsletter, Jeff Berwick discussed GoldMoney's merger/acquisition with BitGold with founder of GoldMoney, James Turk. In the interview, Turk gives interesting insights into why he went forward with the deal, and the benefits of the deal for GoldMoney clients.
Turk has 40 years of experience in international banking, finance and investments, having begun his career at Chase Manhattan Bank. In 2001, Turk co-founded GoldMoney and remains a director of the group today.
In the interview, Turk mentions that GoldMoney will now enjoy additional regulatory overview since it is a part of BitGold, which is listed on the Toronto Stock Venture Exchange. GoldMoney customers will enjoy the same operation as before, yet with the addition of new products offered by BitGold.
“Technology is evolving rapidly and BitGold is in the forefront of this evolution with Aurum, which represents the latest developments in software and hardware to conduct online financial services efficiently, safely and securely,” Turk tells Berwick. “The services made available by BitGold also enables GoldMoney shareholders to continue pursuing their original vision, to return gold to the center of global commerce by enabling the circulation of digital gold currency.” Turk tells Berwick that, with GoldMoney's long history, and BitGold's new technology in Aurum, the two companies are complementary.
“GoldMoney brings critical mass and 15 years of experience, and BitGold brings technology and a management team with a clear vision of what GoldMoney had always set out to achieve as its long-term goal, the circulation of digital gold currency (DGC).” There are also new products planned by BitGold and GoldMoney.
“These include a plastic debit card that enables customers to spend their gold balance at any traditional point of sale, where credit/debit cards are accepted, or to withdraw local currency from any traditional ATM,” Turk says. “Also, there will soon be a mobile application for iPhone, Android and Blackberry, allowing full dealing and payments capabilities.”
“In addition to the 400-ounce, kilo and 100-gram bars available through GoldMoney, customers can take delivery of GoldMoney Cubes or BitGold Cubes in as little as 10 gram increments.” The rest of the interview is available by clicking here and subscribing to the TDV Newsletter.
It's 5am. Hot tears and heavy sobs. Completely defeated. I've worked far too hard for this. Student of the year three times in a row; 530-point Leaving Cert; 2:1 degree; plethora of awards, and voted welfare officer of DCU student union.
I'm usually abuzz with positivity, but I've lost my sparkle. I don't think I'm too good for social welfare. I know so many people before me, hard workers, who have ended up on the dole, completely out of their control, as a result of bad management and poor decisions made within businesses and companies.
This time last year I was invited to a formal dinner hosted by Martin McAleese; now I'm biting the inside of my jaw trying not to burst into tears in the Intreo offices while my jobseeker's forms lie despairingly on my lap.
I have a heavy heart. I never thought I would be in this position; in the same position as people who have never pursued goals, never had ambition, engaged in lives of debauchery and who are currently, in the eyes of the government, on a par with me. I'm being punished for something I didn't do, a crime I didn't commit, an economy that claims to be turning a corner.
I know I'm lucky. I have a home, I'm healthy, never hungry or cold, and have a mother who would give her last cent and breath to ensure I don't go without. I genuinely appreciate all of the above. However, I can't help but feel defeated after studying so hard and giving so much to my community, especially in DCU, where I worked vehemently on issues such as marriage equality and mental wellbeing.
It's so difficult to continuously answer the question, “So Eve, what's next?” I want to scream, “I don't know. Stop asking me”. But I politely smile, try not to grimace and say, “I've applied for a few different bits. Hopefully something will work out.”
I'm realising I've set the bar too high for myself. Success after success, win after win, and it's now expected of me. Life on Facebook is not reality. Holidays, nights out, fun gatherings: that's what we post online. Who wants to see a picture of you crying hot, silent tears at 5.15am?
There definitely aren't enough, if any, efforts being made to bridge the college-to-work gap, and I feel this is the case in colleges across the nation. I was lucky enough to sit on committees as welfare officer, which gave me access to wisdom, guidance and advice, yet still I remain unsuccessful in my pursuit of a job.
People speak of the 1980s and the stream of rejection letters from employers. At least employers back then had the decency to inform you of your misfortune. I've applied for countless jobs where they haven't even bothered to formulate an automated email saying “unfortunately the position has been filled”. Surely that isn't too much to ask?
Where's my prize?
I'm armed with my degree. I hopped over every hurdle and sprinted to the finish line. Where's my prize? I know there are people without third-level certifications, with young families and more responsibilities than I have, and I cannot imagine how difficult and demeaning their lives must be. My problems are minute in comparison and I genuinely sympathise, as I realise the hardships they must endure.
I'm creative, a writer, a thinker, a defiant defender of equality and a bit of a dreamer. I don't want lavish cars and notoriety. I just want to be happy in my job, proud of my achievements and to not have to worry about bills.
On a school trip to the National Ploughing Championships, while my friends were scurrying around meeting boys, I was enchanted by the RTÉ tent and particularly excited about meeting Evelyn Cusack and Bryan Dobson. My life goals included peace of mind . . . and being invited on The Late Late Show. And I still hope I'll achieve them.
I hope people in my situation will get some solace from this and realise they are not alone. I'm trying my utmost to find humour in the situation and ride the storm. I will continue to apply for jobs, chance my arm and maintain the little bit of sparkle I have left. I hope my fellow dreamers can retain theirs.
As fireworks sparkled over Tahrir Square to celebrate Egypt's newest leader, at least four women were violently assaulted in the crowd below.
Video footage shows a 19-year-old student, naked, bloodied, and repeatedly mobbed, as police struggled to move her to the safety of an ambulance. According to a local monitoring group, at least three other women were taken to the hospital Sunday night for treatment after tens of thousands gathered in Cairo's iconic Tahrir Square to celebrate the victory of newly inaugurated President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.
The heartland of Egypt's 2011 revolution has become a place where women fear to gather at night. Amid a climate of impunity, an estimated 250 women have been subjected to mob sexual harassment or assaults during demonstrations since November 2012. Editor's note: This sentence has been revised to reflect new information on the number of women.
"After early 2013, I went from walking around Tahrir till the early hours of the morning on my own to refusing to enter the square without at least two men with me," recalls Suzee, who writes the blog SuzeeInTheCity and asks to be identified by only her first name because of security concerns. “These stories have permanently embedded themselves into my psyche that I, as a woman, am no longer safe in Tahrir or any public space that includes and encourages mob violence.”
In Egypt, sexual harassment is seemingly intractable, and police have been unwilling to treat it as a serious problem. According to the UN, more than 99 percent of hundreds of women surveyed reported experiencing some form of sexual harassment, ranging from minor harassment to rape.
There has been some effort to curtail it. As one of his final acts in office, outgoing President Adly Mansour issued a law making harassment a criminal offense. It is now punishable by a minimum six-month jail term and a fine worth 3,000 Egyptian pounds ($419) – with increased penalties for repeat offenders.
In an unusual turn, police arrested seven men in connection with the Sunday night attacks, although it is unclear whether they were linked to the student's assault. But although the police intervened in attacks on Sunday, eyewitnesses say they were ill-prepared to deal with the situation. Hours earlier, police had dismantled key security barriers and many had retired for the day.
“I saw young officers doing their best, but there was no effort on the macro level, despite the fact that they know these incidents happen,” said Mohamed al-Habibi, who witnessed the assault on the student.
During the revelry that accompanied former President Mohamed Morsi's ouster last summer, Egyptian rights groups reported that mobs sexually assaulted and in some cases raped at least 91 women in the square over four days.
Some local journalists say they have faced pressure to show the Tahrir celebrations in a positive light -- press freedom is fragile in Egypt today and those who portray its power brokers in a bad light face particular scrutiny.
When reporter Samar Negida announced the harassment live on Egyptian television Tahrir TV, the anchor laughed, saying: “[It's] because they are happy,” she said of the violence.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Two local journalists, speaking to The Christian Science Monitor on condition of anonymity, said they were encouraged to cover the demonstrations positively. One said that their bosses and families received phone calls complaining about previous coverage.
“This harassment did not look good,” said one reporter, adding that Egyptian media outlets are often staffed by people who have been working there since the Mubarak era, and who are therefore well versed in the art of self-censorship.
jpsys said: Thank you for this guide! If I may suggest an edit, XHCI Hand-off is found under Advanced>USB Configuration>XHCI Hand-off. I hunted for it a while. Click to expand...
jpsys said: Also, did you install a USB 2.0 cable to the motherboard to boot to the installer USB drive? I am getting the "no" symbol error and suspect a USB issue. Click to expand...
Thank you. I've updated the BIOS settings segment in the build description.BTW, this is a build description, not a guide. If it was a guide, you would not read about why I build this system and why I chose these components.I didn't use a USB 2 header cable. I use the Real Panel USB 3 (blue) port. Since the header ports are usually in the higher count of USB ports and the El Cappy USB default maximum USB count is 15 ports (USB 3 count as 2 ports), I used the Real Panel USB 3 (blue) port. Worked.
Yeah, that will happen as soon as hell freezes over, Rosie O'Donnell becomes a conservative, and our star of the show — Michael Moore — weighs 180lbs. instead of a ton.
Ultra-liberal filmmaker Michael Moore is at it again.
On the heels of a New York Times story saying members of Republican President Donald Trump's campaign had multiple interactions with senior Russian intelligence officials, Moore hopped on Facebook and wrote that it's “what we all suspected. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what was going on: TRUMP COLLUDING WITH THE RUSSIANS TO THROW THE ELECTION TO HIM.”
While the Times story didn't go that far, Moore was only too happy to take the leap — and then some.
Trending: Man Shoots Buck Only to Find It Has Two Heads – But Not In The Way You Think!
“So this is what I want done NOW,” he offered before launching into a list of demands — the most notable being that “so-called President Trump could save the country a lot of time, money and pain by stepping down tonight.”
But then what? Is Moore cool with Vice President Mike Pence heading to the Oval Office?
No way, he wrote: “Pence can't be president as he, too, was elected under this same fraud.”
Travis Shaw hit 10 home runs in his first 45 games — something Red Sox greats Ted Williams and Carl Yastrzemski never did.
BALTIMORE — He feels he's done this much: put himself on the map.
Until August, nobody really knew much about Travis Shaw. He was on the Red Sox' “B” list of prospects, barely getting a mention except that he was Pawtucket's starting first baseman who occasionally played third.
A nice lefthanded swing. Compared to Will Clark's by hitting coach Chili Davis.
Advertisement
“As soon as he said that, I went back and watched a bunch of Will Clark video,” Shaw said. “He had a great swing. To be mentioned with him is quite an honor because he had a great career.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“I'm just trying to be me., This is my natural swing. This is how I learned to swing the bat.”
It may seem that Shaw has seen a meteoric rise, but to him, it's been a long time coming. He's 25, a year older than Wade Boggs was when he broke in with the Red Sox and two years younger than when David Ortiz started his Red Sox career.
“There are some players who just bloom a little later,” said Red Sox president of baseball operations Dave Dombrowski. “He's having a heck of a year up in the majors. That's what we're going by, and he's been very impressive.”
Shaw has hit 10 homers in his first 45 games and 162 plate appearances. Not even Ted Williams or Carl Yastrzemski did that. He hit .249 with 5 homers and 30 RBIs in 322 plate appearances in Triple A Pawtucket this season.
Advertisement
Shaw thinks he knows why he's hit in the big leagues and not in the minors.
“It's a bunch of different things,” he said. “There's a lot more data available to you up here. You can see pitchers' tendencies on video and how they're pitching you. You can make adjustments on the fly because of it.
“Teams are already making adjustments against me the second time around. I saw it with the Yankees and I saw it in the last series against Tampa Bay. But I expected that would happen, so now I have to make my own adjustments.
“It's been a great education, really. I feel so confident at the plate right now. I feel like I belong here. When I step to the plate, I feel like I can do something to help the team win. I feel like I can get the big hit and drive in the big run.
“I honestly believe I've done everything I can in a short period of time. But I feel like I'm a major league hitter now. Someone who can play full time in this league at first or at third. I've even told them I've played some outfield and feel good about doing that if they ask.”
Advertisement
Scouts watch him and love the swing, the approach. And now, the results.
‘I feel so confident at the plate right now. I feel like I belong here. When I step to the plate, I feel like I can do something to help the team win.' Travis Shaw, Red Sox infielder
If for some reason there isn't a spot for Shaw in Boston next season (perhaps because Dombrowski has failed to deal Hanley Ramirez), he has trade value. Two months ago, Shaw might have been a throw-in, but now he's a significant piece. He's proven he can hit big league stuff.
Maybe there was a period early on when pitchers were challenging him with fastballs and he was hitting mistakes. But now he's hitting pitchers with game plans against him. And while he went into a bit of slump not long ago, he's out of it now.
Five of his 10 homers have come against lefthanded pitching, which is the most by a Red Sox lefthanded-hitting rookie against a lefthanded pitcher since Fred Lynn had four in 1975.
“I've been able to hang in against lefty pitchers,” he said. “I've really had no problem with that at all. Things have just come together at the right time for me. I've never felt so confident at the plate.”
Eight of the 10 homers have come at Fenway Park. He has homered against some impressive arms, such as Corey Kluber, Danny Salazar, Matt Moore, and R.A. Dickey.
Shaw, a ninth-round pick in 2011 out of Kent State, also credits the better lighting of major league stadiums and pitchers who are more around the plate than minor leaguers.
“The lighting is a big difference,” he said. “It's so noticeable. You just see the ball so much better coming up to the plate. The pitchers also have an idea of what they're doing out there and trying to get you out. But they're less wild, so you know they're going to be around the plate more often than not.”
On a team that has few remarkable stories, this one is gaining steam.
Shaw always had power, but the minor league experts all figured he was in that 15-20 homer range. He hit 21 in 2014 between Portland and Pawtucket in 554 plate appearances and 19 in Salem and Portland in 556 plate appearances.
Suffice to say, Shaw has matured as a hitter. What none of us know is whether he is for real or just a product of coming up during garbage time and hitting like Will Clark with the pressure off.
That is something Dombrowski and his staff will have to determine. But for now, Shaw is making a compelling case for Dombrowski to send Ramirez packing and committing to Shaw.
What Red Sox coaches and the like seem to agree on is that Shaw is worthy of being on the major league team next season. They feel he's earned the right to be taken seriously.
Ortiz, too, believes in Shaw.
“David has been incredible to me,” Shaw said. “He's always helping me out, giving me pointers on the pitchers and how they'll try to get me out. He's been so supportive since I've been up here.”
He has won over Ortiz and other teammates. And now he needs to keep winning over the decision-makers, who seem well on their way to a full endorsement of Travis Shaw, a guy rarely talked about who is now creating some interesting conversation.
Nick Cafardo can be reached at cafardo@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @nickcafardo
Former Goldman Sachs executive Phillip Murphy won the New Jersey Democratic primary by more than 20 points on Tuesday, according to the Associated Press.
His victory may come as a surprise given that demands for a new kind of Democratic candidate swept much of the party's base after it suffered big losses at the ballot box last fall. Campaign autopsies urged the party to embrace progressive candidates. Even Democrats in the Senate called for a bold new economic populism.
But in New Jersey, the Democratic Party appears to have returned to a playbook that predates Donald Trump's rise — even after losing control of its governor's mansion for the past seven years.
A longtime Goldman banker, Murphy's résumé looks remarkably similar to that of former Gov. Jon Corzine, the longtime Goldman executive whom Gov. Chris Christie defeated in 2009. (The favorite in the Republican primary is Kim Guadagno, Christie's lieutenant governor. She's expected to be hampered by Christie, whose approval rating is lower in the state than Trump's.)
See here for live results from the race:
"When Murphy first burst onto the scene with a nonprofit to position himself as an ‘idea-driven candidate,' it came off as a blatant campaign maneuver. The reaction here was, 'We'll take your money, but no way: We won't be fooled by this again,'" said Patrick Murray, director of Monmouth University Polling Institute and a New Jersey political expert. "Now Murphy will definitely be the nominee, and he's certainly the odds-on favorite for November. It's been an amazing change."
To supporters, Murphy's win reflects his strongly progressive policy positions, his commitment to retail politics, and the support he's garnered from the state's biggest unions and environmental organizations. Polls also suggest he is in a strong position to beat the Republican candidate this fall.
But to critics, Murphy's rise highlights one of the core challenges for the progressive activists who had hoped the resistance movement would transform the opposition party. The best opportunities for Democrats to win general elections come in states like New Jersey that are traditionally left-leaning. And yet it's exactly these same blue states where the party's establishment is also strongest, and therefore where they're most capable of putting down the insurgents trying to fundamentally reshape the kinds of candidates the Democratic Party puts forward.
NJ Democrats are turning to a choice similar to their former governor
In the wake of the election, progressive activists launched a series of new organizations aimed at pushing the Democratic Party to run a new kind of candidate — ones with more progressive backgrounds and fewer ties to the party's donor base than Hillary Clinton.
Groups like Justice Democrats and the Brand New Congress sprang up to help fund candidates willing to break with the party's financial elite. The People's House Project launched in May with a similar agenda. Often, though not always, these new efforts have tried supporting Democratic primary candidates that are more closely aligned with Bernie Sanders's vision for the party.
"The way you run now is based on your connection on the donor class — that's how you're evaluated. We have become beholden to not only the donor class but also the consultant-industrial complex," said 2010 Virginia congressional candidate Krystal Ball, who launched the People's House Project. "We want to play with another way to run Democratic campaigns."
These kinds of activist efforts have fallen short time and time again. Recently, Bernie-linked attempts to take over the Democratic Party have fallen short in successive races for state party chairs in Florida, Iowa, and Maine. Most recently, Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) lost to establishment-favorite Tom Perez for control of the Democratic National Committee.
In New Jersey, Murphy, 59, has again quelled an attempted insurgency from the Sanders wing. On the one hand, this distinction is definitely an oversimplification. "On policy, you'd be very hard pressed to find a dime's worth of difference between any of the Democratic candidates," said Murray, the Monmouth professor. Sanders himself has stayed out of the race, and his son Levi Sanders has campaigned for Murphy.
On the other hand, Murphy's résumé looks like a parody of what Berniecrats allege about the Clinton wing of the party. In the course of his 23 years at Goldman Sachs, where he started working the year before he graduated from Harvard University, Murphy came under attack for running a division that profited "from an investment into a shoe manufacturer notorious for its horrific work conditions and treatment of employees," according to an investigation by the Star-Ledger newspaper. (Murphy's campaign says he had no role in the investments.)
After leaving Goldman, Murphy used his considerable financial fortune — estimated at hundreds of millions of dollars — to help steer the Democratic Party. Like many donors, Murphy was then rewarded with an ambassadorship to Germany, over the objection of Chancellor Angela Merkel, who opposed him. Murphy donated millions to Democrats before being appointed ambassador, spent more than $1.5 million on New Jersey Democrats before running for governor, and has poured $15 million of his own money into his race.
His opponents — former Brennan Center official Jim Johnson and John Wisniewski, the Sanders campaign's manager in New Jersey — have both tried hammering Murphy over his Goldman ties. "You'd think on paper in a post-Trump world, when people are looking for new progressive blood, that Jim checks every progressive box," said Aleigha Cavalier, a Johnson spokesperson. But Johnson was roundly defeated anyway.
Money, endorsement rules, apathy helped Murphy sail to victory
A few critical factors helped buffer Murphy in the face of the twin insurgent candidacies. One of the biggest is money. Elections in New Jersey are unusually expensive, given that its two media markets are New York City and Philadelphia, and Murphy has spent close to $22 million on his campaign. His four rivals have spent a combined $5 million.
"It takes millions to win here, and the only way to get that firepower is an establishment politician with the backing of the bosses or someone with a lot of their own money," said Brigid Callahan Harrison, a Montclair State University professor and president of the New Jersey Political Science Association. His opponents have neither.
Political scientists say the race long looked like a foregone conclusion in part because of the outsize role endorsements play in the state. Murphy has the support of every major Democratic official in the state, including Sens. Cory Booker and Bob Menendez, as well as Vice President Joe Biden and the state's major union groups.
Additionally, county-level endorsements mean that Murphy's name appeared on the ballot next to those of the other local Democrats running for office — a tool that helps the party establishment support its preferred candidate. (That alone ensures Murphy will nab upward of 200,000 votes, according to a statistical analysis Murray did base on previous New Jersey elections.)
Critics have charged that Murphy got an unfair advantage winning these endorsements. Murphy has also been freed to take hundreds of meetings over the campaign with activists and liberal groups in part because he's independently wealthy and doesn't have a day job, according to Murray. And his primary opponents argue that his war chest unfairly helped him spend years financing local New Jersey Democratic candidates, with Wisniewski saying Murphy used "his Wall Street fortune to buy party bosses with hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations."
Murphy's campaign vehemently rejects that characterization. They say it should be viewed as an asset, not a vulnerability, for a Democrat running for statewide office to have secured the support most of his party's key officials.
"It's about giving Democrats the resources to win elections, and that's what Phil has done in some of the reddest counties in the state," said Derek Roseman, a Murphy spokesperson, in an interview. "There was a confluence of factors this fall that allowed us to be well-positioned for this race. That's politics."
Either way, the lack of competitiveness has meant the race has generated little national buzz or media attention. Polling shows more than half of the voters in New Jersey itself are hardly aware of the election. More than half of voters were undecided in the runup to Election Day.
"What we're seeing is that where we have the potential to really use the Democratic base to win is, unfortunately, also the places where we also have really strong establishment politicians who don't want to see the party change," said Corbin Trent, a spokesperson for Justice Democrats, the Sanders-backed group trying to unseat Democratic officials. "They're literally putting bankers on the ballot now."
Attorney Robert Stauffer (left) meets with John Kavanaugh, a homeless man who found $1,440 in cash on a West Chester street and turned it over to police.
WEST CHESTER, Pa. (CBS) – So what would you do if you found nearly $1,500 in cash in an envelope lying on the ground? A homeless man in Chester County encountered that exact scenario and turned the money into police.
Attorney Robert Stauffer had an envelope inside his jacket that contained $1,440. The money was intended to be used for a business transaction. However, unbeknownst to Stauffer, he had a hole in his jacket and the money fell out onto a street in West Chester.
John Kavanaugh, a homeless man, just happened to step onto the envelope and discovered the money. Kavanaugh, not thinking about his own economic woes, turned the money over to the West Chester Police Department.
On Thursday, the two had a reunion in which Stauffer presented Kavanaugh with an undisclosed amount of money as a reward for his kind act.
Stauffer also said his law firm will make a donation to a pantry where Kavanaugh eats.
“Stereotypes are nonsense and you can't judge anybody by how they look or the color of their skin or their religion. You gotta give everybody a chance. If you give them a chance, you would be surprised at what you find out,” Stauffer said Thursday.
Stauffer says he plans to check up on Kavanaugh to see what help he can provide in the future.
Reported By Steve Beck, CBS Philly
The world of political news was captivated by Thursday's report of the arrest for gun trafficking of a famously anti-gun California state senator. Yet while most other news outlets reported the incident, Politico, an outlet that supposedly leads the nation in political news, didn't post a single story on the incident the day the news broke.
This is the same Politico that managed to publish 90 separate stories on the Herman Cain sexual harassment scandal when it broke – within six days.
California State Senator Leland Yee (D-San Francisco) made a name for himself by becoming one of the most virulently anti-gun legislators in a state filled with anti-gun legislators. On March 27, news broke that Yee had been arrested for corruption the day before. He wasn't just arrested for run-of-the-mill corruption, either. He was arrested under charges of attempting to actually supply guns to local gangs.
Now, one would think that this would be big, big political news. In fact, nearly every other news agency in the nation dutifully reported on Yee's arrest. But a March 27 search of the name “Leland Yee” on Politico‘s website found only one recent entry: a mere blurb in the Politico Huddle, a compilation of the day's news stories.
Within that article, Yee's story comes after ten other items–and fails to mention arms trafficking, the most sensational charges he faces. Politico‘s Scott Wong only mentions “bribery and corruption charges,” and he does not link to an outside article with more detail on the case.
A search of Google shows no other coverage of the story from Politico.
The story is quite a shocking one, too. During an investigation, Yee is accused of telling an undercover FBI agent that he would spend as much as $2.5 million on automatic, “shoulder-fired” weapons. He is accused of claiming he'd supply missiles to the gangs for a price. It is alleged that Yee hoped to traffic in firearms in exchange for thousands in campaign donations and help emigrating abroad.
According to an FBI-sworn affidavit, Yee proposed to import the fully automatic machine guns into the U.S. from a Philippines-based Muslim terror group.
This is the same state senator who made a name for himself time and again by attacking Californians' Second Amendment rights. Among a slew of anti-gun votes, Yee voted for the proposed California assault weapons ban (SB 374) in 2013. He also voted for the ban on lead hunting ammunition and for background checks for ammunition purchases.
Yet, on the day and the day after Yee's arrest, Politico had entirely ignored the story.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Image caption The US says the equipment it is supplying will not be used against protesters
The United States is resuming sales of some weapons to Bahrain, but says it will not supply the Gulf state with any crowd control equipment.
The US State Department says the shipment will help Bahrain "maintain its external defence capabilities."
Arms sales were frozen last year after the Bahraini government suppressed pro-democracy demonstrations.
Amnesty International says 60 people have been killed since the protests began in February 2011.
It is thought a frigate and other coast guard vessels will be supplied, along with upgraded engines for F-16 fighters.
The State Department says an order for Humvee all-terrain vehicles and a new type of wire-guided missile will not be included.
Bahrain is a key US ally in the Gulf, hosting the US Navy's Fifth Fleet.
Officials in Washington say the Obama administration still has concerns about human rights in Bahrain.
But human rights campaigners have condemned this move, saying it is out of step with the United States' commitment to reform in Bahrain.
Getty Images
A lot of the stuff you buy these days isn't stuff at all.
With consumers spending more money on digital goods, PayPal decided it was time to start offering buyer protections for those digital songs, books, travel tickets and software downloads.
The payments-service company for years has been providing buyer protections for physical products, such as reimbursements for packages that aren't delivered. Starting July 1, the company said Thursday, PayPal is extending those kinds of protections to services -- such as hiring an Uber driver or a plumber -- and digital goods purchased through its system. So, if you use PayPal to buy a software download and it's not delivered, or you pay for a digital book and receive something entirely different, or never receive that house call from a local painter, PayPal will step in to help resolve the issue and, as needed, help credit back your account. (Fraud protections have always been available through PayPal for both physical and intangible goods.)
Although the new buyer protections will require more investment from PayPal, consumers won't have to pay anything extra for the service and won't need to do any additional work. They will just have to file a claim, as they would for a physical good complaint.
"Trust...is one of PayPal's most important assets and it's an asset that we invest in," Tomer Barel, PayPal's chief risk officer, said in an interview. "It's crucial for our success and it's one of those things that customers expect from us."
Consumer spending on digital games, movies and apps keeps growing. The global market for those goods was $57 billion in 2013, up nearly 30 percent from 2012, according to an IHS and App Annie report last year. Every year, PayPal manages the payments of billions of dollars of digital purchases using Apple's iTunes, Google Play, Uber and travel services, with these types of payments becoming one of the fastest growing part of its business. So, ensuring that customers continue to have faith in that system is crucial for its business.
Additionally, with PayPal planning to expand into new areas of commerce amid its planned split with eBay later this year, offering services that keep customers coming back will be critical for PayPal to stay competitive against other payment services, such as Square, Google Wallet and Stripe.
The buyer protection service will be used in addition to PayPal's existing risk management tools, which help weed out bad actors in its system and avoid many such situations in the first place.
Buyer protections for a digital goods are more complicated to do than similar services for a physical good. For one thing, PayPal can't check with a shipper to see if an item wasn't delivered. Instead, the company needs to get proof from sellers from an email or access code.
To see if it could pull off the new service, PayPal started a pilot program last year in the United Kingdom. Consumers responded positively to the pilot, Barel said, with PayPal addressing these new kinds of disputes and payments.
"There is a greater peace of mind," Barel said. "We see also, overall, the level of trust that they see in the purchase process, specifically when using PayPal, has increased."
Battle of the Bulge is a 1965 American widescreen epic war film produced in Spain, directed by Ken Annakin, and starring Henry Fonda, Robert Shaw, Telly Savalas, Robert Ryan, Dana Andrews, and Charles Bronson. The feature was filmed in Ultra Panavision 70 and exhibited in 70 mm Cinerama. Battle of the Bulge had its world premiere on December 16, 1965, the 21st anniversary of the titular battle, at the Pacific Cinerama Dome Theatre in Hollywood, California.
The filmmakers attempted to condense the Ardennes Counteroffensive, a World War II battle that stretched across parts of Germany, Belgium and Luxembourg and lasted nearly a month, into under three hours. They also shot parts of the film on terrain that did not resemble actual battle locations. This left them open to criticism for lack of historical accuracy, but they claimed in the end credits that they had "re-organized" the chronological order of events to maximize the dramatic story.
Unlike most World War II epics, Battle of the Bulge contains virtually no portrayals of actual senior Allied leaders, civilian or military. This is presumably because of controversies surrounding the battle, both during the war and after. Though Allied forces ultimately won the battle, the initial German counteroffensive caught them by surprise and caused many casualties.
Plot [ edit ]
It is December, 1944. Military Intelligence officer and former policeman Lt. Col. Daniel Kiley (Fonda) and his pilot, Joe (Robert Woods), are flying a reconnaissance mission over the Ardennes forest. Spotting a German staff car the plane buzzes the car and photographs the officer. Alarmed, the chauffeur flees the car, leaving the engine running. "Petrol is blood," rebukes the German officer, marking a theme of the film, the German shortage of fuel.
In a subterranean lair, it is revealed the officer is Col. Martin Hessler (Shaw), a fictional Panzer tank commander loosely based on SS-Standartenführer Jochen Peiper. Hessler is briefed by his superior, Gen. Kohler (Werner Peters), on a new German attack, piercing west against the American lines. Kohler points out a clock with a 50-hour countdown, which is the time allotted for the operation, beyond which Germany has no resources for full-scale attack. At the same time German soldiers disguised as American troops, led by Lt. Schumacher (Ty Hardin), are tasked with seizing vital bridges and sowing confusion behind the Allied lines.
Meanwhile, Kiley returns to headquarters where he warns that the Germans are planning one more all-out offensive. His superiors, Gen. Grey (Robert Ryan) and Col. Pritchard (Dana Andrews), dismiss it out of hand: all available intelligence points to Germany not having the resources and manpower to launch another attack.
Hessler, having become concerned about the abilities of his tank commanders after his orderly, Conrad, (Hans Christian Blech) points out the staggering losses Germany has sustained since the war began, reviews them, discovering they are all young and lacking in experience. Overhearing his criticism, the commanders break into a chorus of Panzerlied, restoring Hessler's faith.
Hoping to uncover more proof, Kiley visits a US infantry position on the Siegfried Line under command of Maj. Wolenski (Charles Bronson). A patrol led by Lt. Weaver (James MacArthur) and Sgt. Duquesne (George Montgomery) capture some young and obviously inexperienced German soldiers. Kiley concludes that experienced German troops have been replaced by these men and withdrawn for an offensive, but Pritchard dismisses this as well, rebuking Kiley for "crackpot hunches" and determining to relieve him of duty.
Hessler launches his attack the next day. Awakened by the noise of German tanks, Wolenski leads his men into the wooded area of the Schnee Eifel, where they try to fight them off but are overrun. A group of Allied tanks led by Sgt. Guffy (Telly Savalas) also attempts to slow the Panzers, but their tanks' weak guns and thin armor make them ineffective, forcing him and his crew to retreat.
Lt. Schumacher and his disguised troops capture the only bridge over the River capable of carrying heavy tanks. Hessler continues his spearhead toward Ambleve, while being observed by Kiley, who also discovers that a German truck is carrying empty fuel drums.
Schumacher later takes control of a vital intersection of three roads connecting Ambleve, Malmedy and the Siegfried Line. He sabotages the road signs, and the rear echelon of Wolenski's troops take the wrong road to Malmedy; almost the entire unit is captured and massacred. Lt. Weaver manages to escape, but Duquesne is killed. US soldiers become suspicious when they witness Schumacher's "military police" lay explosives incorrectly on the bridge, and his masquerade is revealed, though too late to stop Hessler.
When Kohler orders Hessler to bypass Ambleve, Hessler replies that the Americans have no concept of defeat, citing that they will ship things as trivial as a fresh chocolate cake to their front-line troops. He feels he can break their will to fight, and Kohler gives him the night to do so.
Hessler's tanks and infantry storm Ambleve, finally taking the town. Although many Americans, including Wolenski, are captured, Grey, Pritchard, Kiley and others escape to the River Meuse. American forces regroup and begin to reorganize for a counterattack.
Facing the dangers of a foggy night, Col. Kiley conducts an aerial reconnaissance in an attempt to locate the main German spearhead. He orders the pilot to shut off the engine and glide in an attempt to listen for enemy tanks. Suddenly, through a gap in the fog, he spots Hessler's tank column heading toward American lines. Kiley radios in the coordinates, but his plane is hit by German fire and crashes near an American fuel depot.
In Hessler's command vehicle, Conrad finally confronts the Colonel about his warmongering ways after Hessler boasts about the war going on forever, meaning Conrad's sons will have to become soldiers and fight. Hessler is unmoved, transferring Conrad to the fuel battalion.
Meanwhile, Gen. Grey's forces, with the Meuse at their back, prepare to fight off Hessler. The outgunned, outarmored American tanks are systematically destroyed, but at the cost of the Germans burning up much of their fuel. Guffy encounters Weaver, who has taken command of a small force of wounded men, and the surviving Americans head to the depot, the same one where the wounded Kiley is recovering.
Aware of the German fuel shortages, Hessler leads a detachment toward the depot to capture its stocks, Conrad watching him go. Weaver and the stragglers arrive first. Weaver recognizes Lt. Schumacher, who is still posing as an American MP and whose men have taken control of the depot, but Schumacher doesn't recognize him. At Weaver's signal, he and his men open fire on the disguised Germans, killing them all. As Hessler's column approaches, the US defenders flood the road with gasoline and set it ablaze. The young German crews abandon their machines in terror, only to be shot by the Americans or consumed by the flames. Abandoned by his crew, Hessler goes it alone, only for his tank to be destroyed by a burning fuel drum. General Gray arrives in time to see the Panzers explode.
Out of fuel, the remaining Germans give up the attack, marching back to Germany. Conrad, bringing up the rear, discards his rifle and cartridge belt, and confidently marches on, his personal war over.
Cast [ edit ]
Historical inaccuracies [ edit ]
The final tank battle is a rough depiction of the Battle of Celles on December 26, 1944, where the U.S. 2nd Armored Div. smashed the German 2nd Panzer Division. The film creates the false impression that large numbers of American tanks sacrificed themselves against the heavy Tiger IIs and in the process lured the enemy off course, which caused them to run out of gas. In reality, they were already stranded. The tanks used, despite the claims of the producer in an interview, which is one of the DVD extras, are not historically accurate. Although the M24 Chaffee light tanks used in the scene were World War II-era vehicles, they were not in use in the scale shown in the film and were relatively rare.
The US M47 Pattons representing German King Tiger tanks and the M4 Shermans, as represented by the M24 Chaffees, contributed much to the myth of the superior size and firepower which US armor had to contend with. However, in World War II, while it was true that, tank for tank, the Tiger II was superior to the Sherman, most of the anti-tank duties were actually the task and work of the tank destroyer units.
Aside from the initial American encounters with the German offensive is the absence of cold weather and snow, which were the conditions in which the real battle was fought. There is no trace of snow at all in the film's major tank battle scene, and some battle scenes were fought in flat and bare territory, unlike the mountainous, forested and grassy nature of the Ardennes. The film was shot on location in the Sierra de Guadarrama mountain range and Madrid, Spain.
The sequence with Lt. Schumacher and his men was based on Operation Greif, the plan to parachute English-speaking Germans using American equipment behind American lines to sow confusion and capture the bridges.
Absent from this movie is the response by General Patton, whose Third Army relieved the siege of Bastogne. Also, there are no African-Americans in the movie even though the 761st Tank Battalion (The Black Panthers) played a role in Patton's Third Army. Indeed, there is no reference to British forces in the area, but British troops were largely kept behind the Meuse River and thus almost entirely out of the fighting. Also not mentioned is General Eisenhower's decision to split the Bulge front in two, ceding temporary command of two American armies to Field Marshal Montgomery in the northern half of the Bulge; the film implies a totally American operation.
There is also no mention of the role of Allied air power hitting the Germans hard at the first sign of clear weather. In fact, in the film, the sky during the battle is clear and partly cloudy.
The film's opening narration, by William Conrad, mentions both Montgomery and Patton but is inaccurate: "to the north, stood Montgomery's Eighth Army. To the south, Patton's Third Army."
In fact, Montgomery's northern command was actually the 21st Army Group. The Eighth Army, Montgomery's previous command, was actually in Italy at the time of the Battle of the Bulge. Although Patton was actually in charge of Third Army during the battle, it was part of a much larger American force in the south and was one of four American armies of the 12th Army Group under General Omar Bradley.
The film recaptures the major aspects of the battle, depicting how the inexperienced replacement American units stationed in the Ardennes were initially overwhelmed and how confused the situation became. It points out the superiority of heavy German tanks and their major weakness, a lack of fuel.
Some early scenes, showing discussions among German officers, accurately depict the Third Reich's desperation to cut American-British supply lines to neutralize the Allies' huge logistical advantage.
Production [ edit ]
Screenwriter Bernard Gordon claims to have rewritten John Melson's original screenplay.[3] Some of the original choices for director were Richard Fleischer, who turned it down; and Edward Dmytryk, with whom Jack L. Warner of Warner Bros. refused to work.[4] Technical advisor on the film was Maj. Gen. (then Col.) Meinrad von Lauchert, who commanded the German tank division that made the most headway in the actual battle.
For an economical price and with no restrictions, the Spanish army provided an estimated 500 fully equipped soldiers and 75 tanks and vehicles, some World War II vintage.[5]
Eisenhower's reaction [ edit ]
President Eisenhower came out of retirement and held a press conference to denounce the film for what he considered its gross historical inaccuracy.[6][better source needed]
The film was one of the most popular movies at the British box office in 1966.[7]
Later releases [ edit ]
The original VHS release of the film for home video use was heavily edited to fit on one VHS tape and used a full screen "pan and scan" technique often employed in network telecasts of widescreen motion pictures. The 1992 Laserdisc and 2005 DVD releases run at their full length and are presented letterboxed in the original 2.76:1 aspect ratio. A Blu-ray release followed in 2007, also in the original 2.76:1 aspect ratio.
Comic book adaption [ edit ]
Dell Movie Classic: Battle of the Bulge (June 1966 )[8][9]
See also [ edit ]
Welcome to Smugglivus 2012! Throughout this month, we will have daily guests – authors and bloggers alike – looking back at their favorite reads of 2012, and looking forward to events and upcoming books in 2013.
Who: Aidan Moher – writer, photographer, and blogger behind A Dribble of Ink. We've read Aidan's blog since we started The Book Smugglers back in 2008 and have been big fans.
Please give it up for Aidan, folks!
Three Novels You Should Read in 2013
First off, I'd like to thank Ana and Thea, the loveable Book Smugglers, not only for hosting me again, but for hosting one of the publishing world's best events, year-after-year. Smugglivus really is a wonder.
Every year, books come and go, read by some, forgotten by others. To celebrate the end of one year, and the beginning of the next, I've gathered together a handful of books from the past few years that you should be sure not to miss in 2013.
One from 2011
The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern
Every so often, a novel comes along that knocks me off my feet, ties me up and leaves me bound, unable to escape until I turn its final page. Even after that final page is turned though, these novels live in my memory, constantly ekeing their way into my thoughts and colouring my discussion of other, inferior novels.
Morgenstern seems less to be telling the story than revealing it, pulling back the layers piece-by-piece to immerse the reader in the lives of the myriad characters who help form Celia and Marco's story. This effect is bouyed by wonderful prose from Morgenstern, so rich and evocative that it's easy to lose yourself amongst the tents of Le Cirque des Rêves, as enraptured by wonder as the circus-goers in the novel.
The Night Circus is a classic novel that will sit on the highest shelf of my bookshelf, right next to The Hobbit and The Shadow of the Wind. There's magic in this novel and it deserves to be read by anyone wanting to be reminded that there is more to life than meets the eye.
Read my full review of The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern
One from 2012
The Killing Moon by N.K. Jemisin
Leading a wave of Eastern-inspired Fantasy (Throne of the Crescent Moon by Saladin Ahmed, God's War and Infidel by Kameron Hurley, Range of Ghosts by Elizabeth Bear, for example), Jemisin has styled her world on (but not be constrained by) ancient Egypt, a civilization and era of history that has long fascinated me. In an author's note at the beginning of the novel, Jemisin explains that though The Killing Moon was inspired by ancient Egypt, it is not a direct analogue, and should be treated as more of an homage, than a tightly-adhering recreation.
When Justin Landon, editor of Staffer's Book Review, reviewed The Killing Moon for A Dribble of Ink, he wrote:
Jemisin seems to project, through her world and her characters, a pervasive and underlying belief in the notion that judgement can only come from within. There's also a strong undercurrent of communism versus democracy, or close mindedness versus openness, or extremism versus tolerance, that bleeds through. Even then Jemisin seems to remain agnostic, pointing out the flaws in each and letting her characters choose for themselves the paths to walk. […] This is one hell of an exciting book. I hate to use the term tour de force because it sounds like I'm writing for some terrible literary newsletter who can only recycle superlatives from movie posters, but… it's a tour de force. From the opening moments the novel dazzles with intricate world building, deep and vibrant characters, and a fast paced, high stakes plot that left me bleary eyed from lack of sleep more than once.
His praise mirrored my own opinions almost exactly. When Jemisin first arrived on the scene with The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms, her beautiful and provoking first novel, the divisive opinions were nearly endless. Some critics adored it (rightly so, in this blogger's opinion), while others were less warm. There is no such division with The Killing Moon. The first in a two volume set (the concluding volume, The Shadowed Sun, was published a month after The Killing Moon), The Killing Moon is, as Ladon declared, a tour-de-force of Fantasy awesomeness. The Killing Moon is strengthened by a unique, ocean-deep setting, magic and culture that call back to the sensawunda that defines the best Sword & Sorcery of the '30s, and characters with true motivation.
One from 2013
River of Stars by Guy Gavriel Kay
In his critically acclaimed novel Under Heaven, Guy Gavriel Kay told a vivid and powerful story inspired by China's Tang Dynasty. Now, the international bestselling and multiple award-winning author revisits that invented setting four centuries later with an epic of prideful emperors, battling courtiers, bandits and soldiers, nomadic invasions, and a woman battling in her own way, to find a new place for women in the world – a world inspired this time by the glittering, decadent Song Dynasty. Ren Daiyan was still just a boy when he took the lives of seven men while guarding an imperial magistrate of Kitai. That moment on a lonely road changed his life—in entirely unexpected ways, sending him into the forests of Kitai among the outlaws. From there he emerges years later—and his life changes again, dramatically, as he circles towards the court and emperor, while war approaches Kitai from the north. Lin Shan is the daughter of a scholar, his beloved only child. Educated by him in ways young women never are, gifted as a songwriter and calligrapher, she finds herself living a life suspended between two worlds. Her intelligence captivates an emperor—and alienates women at the court. But when her father's life is endangered by the savage politics of the day, Shan must act in ways no woman ever has. In an empire divided by bitter factions circling an exquisitely cultured emperor who loves his gardens and his art far more than the burdens of governing, dramatic events on the northern steppe alter the balance of power in the world, leading to events no one could have foretold, under the river of stars.
Under Heaven, Kay's most recent novel, is one of my favourite novels of the last five years, and continues to be a huge inspiration to me as a writer. To say I'm looking forward to River of Stars, the spiritual successor to Under Heaven, would be a severe understatement. Kay always has such a wonderful way of thinking about his storytelling, of describing it lyrically, that I fall in love with his novels before they're even published. Kay described River of Stars as a force that “divides a mortal from his immortal beloved.” I'm such a sucker for forbidden love story, and this seems to play right into Kay's strength with relationships, melancholy and the longing soul. There are few 2013 novels that I looked forward to as eagerly as River of Stars.
Thank you, Aidan!
Update: We have confirmation that this exploit is also fixed in Jelly Bean, as well, so any device running Android 4.1 should be safe.
Auto-executing USSD codes is an Android bug that was fixed in Jelly Bean, see last 3 commit: android.googlesource.com/platform/packa… — Nagy Ferenc László (@nflnfl) September 25, 2012
There has been a lot of misinformation floating around this morning about an alleged "exploit" on Samsung phones that allows the entire device to be wiped from the browser using what's called a USSD code. Basically, a bit of Android intent code cleverly placed in a web page can call up your dialer and insert a code that wipes the whole device (the USSD code), all without you ever confirming anything.
Unfortunately, everyone (ourselves included) kind of jumped the gun on this without consulting the experts first, and things are more complicated than we thought. Some outlets are reporting that this glitch affects the Samsung Galaxy S III (such as the AT&T version here in the US), but our own evidence suggests otherwise. Here's a stock AT&T Galaxy S III on the latest OTA update (issued last week) initiating the exploit - it doesn't work. It just goes to a blank dialer.
We know for a certainty that an update to the unlocked international version of the Galaxy S III (an Ice Cream Sandwich incremental patch) was issued some time ago that addressed this exploit as well. We cannot speak with absolute authority as to whether all Samsung Galaxy S III's have had this fixed, as the carrier update rollout process can result in significant delays in this regard.
What we do know is that every variant of the Galaxy S III in the United States received very similar OTA updates in the last few weeks (see: Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, AT&T). And if the exploit isn't working in the most recent AT&T OTA, it's probably fair to assume the same fixes were contained in all three other carriers' updates. So, if your GS3 is up to date, you're probably not vulnerable.
We've also heard the issue has been patched in newer updates on phones like the Galaxy Reverb, so it's clear Samsung is very much aware of the problem, and has already started addressing it on multiple pieces of hardware.
And, as we said in our initial post - this isn't even a Samsung issue, strictly speaking. It's an Android one that has been known for ages, and manufacturers have been extremely slow to patch it. Nexus devices seem unaffected, but any unpatched device could be vulnerable (from any manufacturer) if the correct USSD code was pasted in place of the Samsung one that has been widely reported this morning. It would not be rocket science, then, to make this exploit work on an HTC device (we're hearing this is unpatched on all HTC phones).
Is this still a bad exploit? Definitely. Especially if you're on a still-vulnerable Samsung device (as some GS3's may very well be in some regions). But Samsung has obviously been on the case for some time, quietly patching it up. We'll let you know if we learn anything else.
"Semi-Charmed Life" is a song by American rock band Third Eye Blind. It was released in 1997 as the lead single from their self-titled debut album. It was a major hit, reaching number 4 on the U.S. Hot 100 U.S.,[3] number 1 on the Modern Rock Tracks in the U.S., number 2 in Canada, and making the Top 40 in the UK. VH1 named the song the 34th best of the 1990s.[4]
Background [ edit ]
According to lead singer Stephan Jenkins, the song was meant as a response to Lou Reed's "Walk on the Wild Side" but from a San Francisco perspective.[5] The style of the song reflects changes that were occurring in the San Francisco music scene, particularly a growing interest in hip-hop.
Content [ edit ]
"Semi-Charmed Life", which sounds like an easygoing pop song, contains lyrics about a drug user's descent into crystal meth addiction. According to Jenkins, "It's a dirty, filthy song about snorting speed and getting blow jobs."[6] He later explained that, "It's about a time in my life when it seemed like all of my friends just sort of tapped out on speed." He added that the song is "bright and shiny on the surface, and then it just pulls you down in this lockjawed mess ... The music that I wrote for it is not intended to be bright and shiny for bright and shiny's sake. It's intended to be what the seductiveness of speed is like, represented in music."[7] The title, Jenkins said, "refers to a life that's all propped up. You know, the beautiful people who lead bright and shiny lives that on the inside are all fucked up."[6]
Music video [ edit ]
The video was directed by Jamie Morgan, and features many scenes with motor scooters and a 1960 Chevrolet Impala. It was filmed around San Francisco.[8]
Alternate versions [ edit ]
Demo [ edit ]
Several changes were made for the studio recording. In the demo version, Jenkins spoke during the verses as opposed to singing it. The chorus lyrics were originally "I want nothing else to get me through this…" as opposed to "I want something else to get me through this…" In the second verse, instead of "Doing crystal meth will lift you up until you break," the demo version went, "Crystal methylene will lift you up until you break." Finally, the reprise of the beginning of the second verse at the end of the song is omitted in the demo version.
Radio edits [ edit ]
Released on the single were a "clean edit" and the "radio edit." Both edits cut from section 2:20 through 3:07 on the album version. The differences between the two edits is that the clean edit has the words "crystal meth" censored through backmasking. Radio stations that chose not to edit the drug reference played the radio edit. A third edit omits the entire second verse and second chorus, and is usually played on adult contemporary and as of 2017, some classic hits stations to avoid the drug and sexual references of the song.[citation needed]
The music video also shortened the song, but in a different section. The song was cut from 2:41 through 3:09, compared to the album version. The drug references were either intact or removed from the video, depending on which television channels the video aired.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Charts and certifications [ edit ]
When's the best time to advertise electric cars? The middle of a gas shortage.
Strikes have brought parts of France's oil industry to a standstill this week. Gas stations are running dry, lines are building at the pumps and people are hoarding fuel. The only people smiling? Electric car owners.
And electric carmakers have been quick to seize the golden marketing opportunity.
France's Renault (RNLSY) launched a campaign this week to boost the visibility of its top selling electric car, Zoe, with multiple posts on Facebook (FB) and Twitter (TWTR) and advertisements in three French newspapers.
"In France, we don't have any more petrol but we do have Zoe," tweeted Renault. Its Facebook posts quickly received thousands of 'likes' and 'shares'.
Renault said the campaign had led to a 50% spike in calls from drivers seeking information about the Zoe model. It also prompted electric car owners to post carpooling offers online to help other drivers who had run out of fuel.
"The viral effect was a real success," a Renault spokesperson told CNNMoney.
Renault wasn't alone. Citroën, Kia and Volvo also posted images on social media to promote their electric and hybrid vehicles.
A Citroën post on Twitter showed vehicles with the same colors as the nation's flag that said in French: "Fed up with queuing? Here's a solution."
Related: 1 in 3 gas stations in France is running dry
The strikes were called late last week to protest new labor laws imposed by the French government that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay.
Employees from oil refineries, nuclear power plants and some public transportation networks have gone on strike. Several oil refineries were forced to halt operations, contributing to the gas shortage.
The government bypassed the French parliament earlier this month and ordered the adoption of the new legislation because it feared the measures would be defeated by lawmakers.
It says the labor market reforms are needed to make France a more attractive place for employers to do business, and boost economic growth.
Labor unions are demanding the government withdraws the changes, and are threatening even more disruption.
Related: Germany's 1.4 billion boost for electric cars
As strikes are expected to continue through the coming weeks, there's no doubt that electric and hybrid carmakers are hoping to grow their sales. France is the second largest European market for electric cars, after the U.K., according to sales data from market intelligence firm LMC Automotive.
Nearly 65,000 hybrid and electric cars were sold in France last year, which is just over 3% of total sales.
--CNN's Anaïs Furtade and Armelle De Oliveira in Paris contributed to this report.
The CEO of YouTube, Susan Wojcicki, responded in Fortune to the recent viewpoint diversity memo by James Damore. She claims that she has faced massive discrimination for being a woman working in the technology industry, and that implicit biases still exist within it.
The memo in question was released late last week after Damore had circulated among his colleagues at Google. It suggested reasons why there were fewer women working in technology-related fields, and argued for a wider diversity of viewpoints in the company. “We need to stop assuming that gender gaps imply sexism,” Damore wrote. He was swiftly fired as a result, with the CEO of Google Sundar Pichai claiming that he had violated their code of conduct by advancing “harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace,” despite the fact that numerous psychologists, male and female, deemed the manifesto to be scientifically accurate.
In her piece, Wojcicki, claimed that time and time again she was questioned about her “abilities and commitment,” was left out of “key industry events and social gatherings,” and had comments “frequently interrupted and my ideas ignored until they were rephrased by men.” The memo brought up memories of this discrimination against her:
When I saw the memo that circulated last week, I once again felt that pain, and empathized with the pain it must have caused others. I thought about the women at Google who are now facing a very public discussion about their abilities, sparked by one of their own co-workers. I thought about the women throughout the tech field who are already dealing with the implicit biases that haunt our industry… now confronting them explicitly. I thought about how the gender gap persists in tech despite declining in other STEM fields, how hard we've been working as an industry to reverse that trend, and how this was yet another discouraging signal to young women who aspire to study computer science [and] I thought about how tragic it was that this unfounded bias was now being exposed to a new generation.
According to Wojcicki, the decision to fire Damore did not breach his right to freedom of speech, as Google was also free to “take action” against any comments that “perpetuate negative stereotypes” about women. She went on to posit that nobody would be defending him if his comments were made against other groups:
What if we replaced the word “women” in the memo with another group? What if the memo said that biological differences amongst Black, Hispanic, or LGBTQ employees explained their underrepresentation in tech and leadership roles? Would some people still be discussing the merit of the memo's arguments or would there be a universal call for swift action against its author? I don't ask this to compare one group to another, but rather to point out that the language of discrimination can take many different forms and none are acceptable or productive.
Despite this argument, Damore is currently exploring “possible legal remedies” against Google, revealing to CNBC that he “submitted a charge to the U.S. National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) accusing Google upper management of trying to shame him into silence,” shortly before being fired. In an email, he explained that “it's illegal to retaliate against an NLRB charge.” He has also been offered employment by both Wikileaks and Gab, the free speech social network.
In an ironic twist, over 60 women are reportedly considering a sexism and “pay gap” lawsuit against Google, YouTube's parent company, according to an interview with James Finsberg, a civil rights attorney, that was published in the Guardian, with the employees “concerned that women are channeled to levels and positions that pay less than men with similar education and experience.”
KDE 4.1, launched at the end of July 2008, became the first release we could heartily recommend as a replacement for the ageing 3.5, and a solid nine months of updates to 4.1 has created a stable and innovative environment that can only get stronger than 4.2 beds itself into 2009.
But KDE is still KDE, and that means that many of its best features are undocumented and undisclosed. Which is why now is the best possible time for a feature crammed full of the best tricks we can find for getting the most out of KDE 4. It doesn't matter if you're a new convert, an experienced user, or a potential switcher, you'll find something in the following pages that will make you feel a micron of pride of what open source can achieve.
Whether it's the seamless animations that Dolphin uses to blend one file type into another, or the sheer scale of format compatibility, applications shortcuts and reconfigurability, KDE 4 and projects like it are proof that community driven, open source development can compete with, and often surpass, commercial applications written by some of the world's biggest computer companies.
By uncovering KDE's hidden options you can make a real difference to the way you work.
Create the perfect environment
Booting your a desktop into a familiar environment, complete with all the applications you use already running, is one of the best ways to make your desktop as efficient as possible. KDE 4 makes this far easier than it was in the 3.x series, with a friendly point and click interface to create your default working environment.
You can find the autostart function hidden within KDE's System Settings application, and you'll need to click on the Advanced page to see the Autostart icon. After you've clicked on that, adding your own applications is as simple as clicking on either 'Add Program' or 'Add Script', either of which will open a secondary requester that asks for the location of the program you want to run. You then have the option to run the program either at startup, shutdown, or pre-KDE initialisation.
Alternatively, if you don't want to go to the trouble of adding each program manually, KDE 4 enables you to save the state of your currently running desktop. The tool for this is the called the Session Manager, and this will enable you to save the state of your desktop, including open documents and running applications, as you log out. Unfortunately, you can restore a manually saves session, as this feature has yet to be implemented.
Instant Konqueror
As with previous versions of KDE, you can choose to pre-load several instances of Konqueror. This has the advantage of enabling Konqueror to appear instantaneously when you open the application or a new instance. The only downside is that it uses more of your system's memory.
As Dolphin is designed to replace Konqueror in KDE 4, the pre-load option isn't enabled by default on any modern version of KDE 4. But you can find the setting in the Performance page of Konqueror's configuration window. Increase the Maximum Number Of Instances field on that page to around four and click to enable both the 'Preload An Instance After KDE Startup' and the 'Always Try To Have At Least One Preloaded Instance' tick boxes.
Revolutionise your KDE desktop with Super Shortcuts
One of KDE's best features is the ability to use shortcuts in either KLauncher or Konqueror to quickly access dozens of functions quickly. Here are a few of the most useful:
applications
Lists the shortcuts to the applications and folders shown in the KDE launcher menu. Makes KDE feel a little like Apple's OS X for application launching.
desktop
Displays the contents of the desktop directory within your personal home directory
file
The protocol used for switching back to file browsing. For example, file:/home opens your home directory.
fish
Opens a user's home directory on a remote machine running an SSH server without any further configuration.
floppy
Reads the content of a floppy disk and displays it in the current window. If you don't know what a floppy disk is, don't worry about it.
fonts
Lists any personal and system fonts you've got installed. Enable 'Preview' from the View menu to see how the fonts look.
ftp
Connects directly to any FTP server by prefixing the IP address with ftp://. KDE will then ask for a username and password
imap/s
This is one of KDE's best features if you happen to use an IMAP mail server. Just type imap:// followed by the name of the server to access your email.
ldap/s
LDAP is a directory access protocol that provides lots of useful information about people on your network. Browse the directory directly with this shortcut.
man
The KDE equivalent to the man command. It displays the manual to many installed commands and apps.
mbox
Lists the contents of the email held in your local inbox folder.
nfs
Browses a Linux file server configured to use the NFS protocol.
nntp/s
Uses ancient news servers to read forums and posts on thousands of different subjects.
pop3/s
POP3 is probably still the most popular email protocol. Use this shortcut to list the emails held on your POP server.
programs
Works in much the same way as the 'applications' shortcut, only with the addition of KDE's settings application.
remote
List machines on the local network, through network services or Samba shares.
settings
Should list KDE's various config panels, but it doesn't work with Kubuntu.
sftp
Accesses servers using SSH and the secure FTP protocol. Faster and more efficient than 'fish', but less flexible.
smb
Browses Samba and Microsoft Windows shared folders on your local network.
trash
Take a look at all the files and folders you've consigned to KDE's trashcan.
zeroconf
Zeroconf is an easy way of browsing local network services such as SSH and FTP without knowing of their direct IP addresses.
Transcript for Woman Dates for Free Dinner on Match.com
You are about to meet a woman who found a way to use match dot com to meet her monthly budget now. Like that but her first date free dinner approach did put more money -- your bank account and -- and finally got a little -- out of these guys. -- You can -- what god but because the controversy ABC -- Boudreau joins Los Angeles -- this tale of romance and clients say happy. Hey good morning George can you imagine having two years and spreadsheets. To keep track of all of your online dating. I think it's really -- complicated. Well for one girl she says that's what she did it and it paid off. So yes. 45 year old -- forty launched an online search for love but instead of -- she wound up with something much different. Free dinner truth and lots of them. You were able to save something like 12100 dollars a month -- that true I'm sure you could really calculate that it was approximately how much money but. I never went into smacks dot com providing she chose men with good jobs. They never expected to split the bill. Like his awkward first date -- in the movie kissing -- So obviously the salad but I think as ever call you a little bit more -- your portion at 42% to. Three and doing -- team. How many times a week where you're going out. I would say. An average of four to five times a week -- you're hitting it pretty hard I was in less than a month and a half she winner about thirty dates. And the savings starting at -- New York is really spend said that a lot of these experiences I wouldn't have been able to -- if I hadn't you know been on match dot com and gone through this this is my own sex in the city. She -- all the New York cops but dinner -- may -- And the ever popular -- you know. And not to mention an occasional -- -- Dollar bottle of champagne. -- sometimes even just a cheese burger and milk shake. And -- asked now did anyone ever ask you to split the bill on the first date no he no nobody every dead had someone sent it to me. I probably would have said okay you know no problem. In -- had I would have probably said. All of that now that's not -- traditional line. You know I think that a man should really pay for the first -- There were still many dates that Jessica's since she used to spread -- system to keep track -- really use these spreadsheets with my friends as a way for us to keep people straight. About one -- she notes. I'm pretty sure I'm not going to be attracted. And going out with the many ways so it wasn't like so and so its name and then you cross over and it's like spaghetti and meet all. I'm sure a lot of people would have been very interested in seeing number signs next to everybody's so instead took -- took 500 dollar dinner and so and so it took me to such and such place but now. It really wasn't like that it was just simply for me keep -- demonstrate. But when an article popped up about her online accusing her of concocting a way to -- strangers to cover her monthly food budget. People lashed out of there. Well the men did anyway call her a gold digger do what she did was obscene this guy right. Some people are just spoiled and entitled people calling you callous. And spoiled it and I -- for all the wrong reasons. And traditional girl and you know -- me I feel like part of dating is. If a guy wants to take me out. What's wrong with him taking me out to -- dinner and me expecting for the -- to be paid. But many women tend to agree with Jessica. Saying they leave their split the meal pork he wants to -- that's lovely. Jessica is now dating a guy she met six months ago and no she didn't -- him online ceases those days are over. But admits her appetite. My boyfriend and I -- like they've got some nice dinners and for the record I do pay a lot does not the first -- now or never the first day in a traditional -- Dating in -- not -- Traditionally. And Georgia just because swears me that she is no gold digger she says she just wanted to have some fun she was -- -- early twenties living in New York City and -- maybe shouldn't find love online but she did get some. And good dinners for a five time when -- overall sound but now that she's found love she's actually suggested the moral of the story against the -- thanks very much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The country is braced for the anniversary of the Sandy Hook Elementary massacre, which falls this Saturday, a marker that is all the more heavy for the fact that so little has happened on a nationwide level to address gun violence in the year since the killings. But it's worth noting that as the legislative track to national reform sits stalled, there are signs of movement on another front: divestment.
Proponents of sensible gun control are increasingly turning to the approach used to such effect against apartheid South Africa and the tobacco industry and more recently also deployed against the fossil fuel industry. They are trying to force change by pressuring gun manufacturers themselves and, more specifically, the people, firms and institutions that invest in them. This shift is out of recognition that the manufacturers not only profit from the spread of firearms but have become increasingly central to the National Rifle Association and other groups that fight new gun regulations.
The first target of the main pro-divestment group, Campaign to Unload, is Cerberus Capital Management, the private-equity firm that owns the Freedom Group, the big gun conglomerate that makes, among many other brands, the Bushmaster .223 semi-automatic rifle that Adam Lanza used to gun down 20 children and six educators in Newtown (The company is also known as Remington Outdoor Company). Campaign to Unload held an inter-faith protest outside Cerberus' headquarters on Monday and plans much more in the weeks ahead. “When the political process becomes stalled, stigmatizing the industry helps loosen up the process,” said Jennifer Fiore, a Washington, D.C. resident who recently joined Campaign to Unload after helping lead Moms Demand Action, a nationwide group that sprang up after the Newtown shootings and now counts more than 120,000 members online. “Manufacturers are part of the problem, part of the reason why legislation has stalled, and we'd like to see the manufacturers and industry as a whole embrace what the public would like to see.”
It's easy to scoff at such an effort in its fledgling stages. Why ever would the industry allow pressure to influence it when it has so much money at stake? After all, even a modest step such as expanding background checks for gun buyers—the primary goal of the legislation that was blocked in the Senate—cuts into profits by foreclosing thousands of potential customers. Then there's the practical fact that some prominent gun makers—such as Glock, Sig Sauer and Beretta—aren't even based in this country.
It's hard to believe we're at the point of discussing expanded rosters, but here we are. In 13 days teams will be allowed to carry as many 40 players on their active roster as part of September call-ups, another one of baseball's little quirks. A lot of people don't like them because it changes the rules at the most important time of the year, but I say reward the contenders with depth and let non-contenders evaluate young players. If my third catcher and extra starter are better than yours, why shouldn't I be allowed to take advantage?
Anyway, Triple-A Scranton currently sits in fourth place in the five-team International League North Division, and they're about a week away from being eliminated from postseason contention. Their regular season ends on September 2nd, meaning the Yankees will be able to recall pretty much everyone the very next day. Most years teams will call up just the bare minimum — third catcher, extra reliever or two — and leave enough players in the minors as a courtesy to their various affiliates during the minor league postseason. The Yankees won't have to worry about that this year, they can summon everyone almost immediately.
So, with two weeks to go before rosters expand, let's take a look at whom the Bombers may bring up to bolster the roster as they try to fight their way into playoff position down the stretch. Here's the 40-man roster for reference.
Third Catcher
This is, by far, the most interesting call-up situation on the position player side of things. The Yankees only have two catchers on their 40-man roster at the moment (not counting the suspended Frankie Cervelli), meaning they will have to add a catcher to the 40-man for the season's final month. A third catcher is a September staple. Every team adds one.
Bobby Wilson is the veteran in Triple-A and he's having an okay year (92 wRC+), but he doesn't have a long-term future in the organization. The alternative is J.R. Murphy, who's had a very good year split evenly between Double-A Trenton (116 wRC+) and the RailRiders (111 wRC+). The 22-year-old is one of the team's better prospects and the Yankees will have to add him to the 40-man roster after the season to protect him from the Rule 5 Draft anyway. They could speed up the process and call him up as the third catcher in September. New York did exactly that with Austin Romine two years years ago, so don't be surprised if they do it again with Murphy.
Extra Infielder(s)
I guess it's possible one of the extra infielders the Yankees add to the roster next month is Derek Jeter. The Cap'n and his strained calf have been taking batting practice and fielding ground balls down in Tampa, but he has yet to run the bases. Not at half-speed, not at 75%, nothing. Needless to say, he isn't close to returning to the team even though he was eligible to come off the DL yesterday. Given how Jeter quickly re-injured himself the first two times he came off the DL, don't be surprised if the Yankees play it safe and drag out his rehab. I suppose that could change depending on the severity of Eduardo Nunez's hamstring injury.
Otherwise, David Adams is the only other infielder who is a) healthy, b) on the 40-man roster, and c) not in the big leagues. He'll rejoin the team next month. Corban Joseph is done for the year with a shoulder problem and Luis Cruz was recently designated for assignment to clear a roster spot for Mark Reynolds. Alberto Gonzalez, who had two brief stints with the Yankees earlier this year, is playing in Triple-A but has since been removed from the 40-man. If the team is willing to clear a spot, he could return in September. That may depend on the health of Jeter and Nunez more than anything.
Extra Outfielder(s)
Melky Mesa, who has torn the cover off the ball this month, is the only obvious call-up candidate here. The Yankees already have five outfielders on the 25-man roster, so adding another is not a huge priority, but Mesa will give Joe Girardi a legitimate pinch-runner and defensive replacement option in the late innings. Melky2.0 is a flawed player, especially at the plate, yet he can be useful because of his speed and defense. Those are two useful skills to have lying around when rosters expand. If Zoilo Almonte's ankle ever heals up, he'll join the team in September as well. Double-A Trenton's Ramon Flores is also on the 40-man but I don't think we'll see him next month.
Extra Arms
There are three categories of pitchers currently on the 40-man but not in the big leagues: the no-doubters, the injured guys, and the maybes. The no-doubters are the guys who will unquestionably be called up, namely Preston Claiborne and Dellin Betances. The injured guys are the ones who would be called up if healthy, like Vidal Nuno (groin) and Michael Pineda (shoulder). Nuno recently started a throwing program and I suppose has a chance to return as a reliever next month. Pineda has yet to start throwing as far as I know, plus the team may decide to keep him down for the sake of manipulating his service time.
The maybes are the guys might get called up but are not locks, as you probably guessed. Brett Marshall is the most notable pitcher in this category. He's had a poor year overall in Triple-A (5.26 ERA and 4.91 FIP) but has pitched better of late, plus he was up with the Yankees earlier this season. Surely you remember his 108-pitch long relief outing. Even though they have both Adam Warren and David Huff available as long men, I'm guessing the team calls Marshall up next month as an extra long reliever, allowing Huff to be used as more of a lefty specialist.
Two other maybes are far less likely to be called up. Right-hander Jose Ramirez has been on the Triple-A DL since late last month and I haven't seen any kind of recent update about him, so I'm guessing he's a non-option in September. Had he been healthy, it would have been interesting to see if he got a chance to work out of the bullpen down the stretch. That's likely his ultimate destination given his career-long problems with staying healthy as a starter. Lefty Nil Turley (4.31 ERA and 4.08 FIP) has been just okay with Double-A Trenton and is unlikely to be recalled.
The final few maybes are the non-40-man guys who might get added to the roster for the season's final month. David Herndon, who has thrown well (2.83 ERA and 2.08 FIP) in limited since returning from Tommy John surgery, figures to be added to the 40-man after the season since he could be a useful middle reliever next year. The Yankees pulled the Jon Lieber/David Aardsma trick with him, grabbing a rehabbing player with an eye towards next year. Herndon has a 3.85 ERA and 4.27 FIP in 117 career big league innings, all with the Phillies.
Upper level right-handers Shane Greene, Tommy Kahnle, Danny Burawa, and Chase Whitley have all had good to great years and will be Rule 5 Draft eligible this winter. Lefty Cesar Cabral has been very good since shaking off the roster following his fractured elbow. I don't think any of those guys will be called up in September and I'm not even sure any will be added to the 40-man after the season either. Kahnle's name surfaced in several trade rumors prior to the deadline, which might be an indication the team would prefer to unload him rather than add him to the roster. Whitley is pretty much big league ready and Cabral has the southpaw thing going for him, so they're probably the best bets to be added. Still don't think that happens in September.
* * *
So, after all that, it seems like the Yankees are poised to call up Murphy, Adams, Mesa, Claiborne, Betances, and Marshall once rosters expand in September. Jeter will be activated at one point or another, obviously. Gonzalez is on the fence depending on the health of other infielders. Almonte, Nuno, Pineda, and maybe Ramirez are wildcards depending on health. Gonzalez and Murphy would require 40-man moves, which I suppose could involve calling up injured players (Manny Banuelos? Joseph? Almonte?) and placing them on the 60-day DL. Regardless, if the Yankees are playing important games in September, the call-ups are unlikely to see much playing time anyway. The regulars will continue to run out there until something is clinched, whether it be a postseason berth or a fourth place finish.
Barcelona striker Luis Suarez has revealed he enjoys playing for the European champions more than he enjoyed playing for Liverpool, because there was heavier pressure on him to deliver in front of goal at Anfield.
Speaking in an interview with La Vanguardia, the Uruguayan confirmed that while he loved turning out for the Reds prior to his move to Spain, he doesn't feel as though he bears full responsibility for scoring the club's goals. The likes of Lionel Messi and Neymar regularly feature alongside Suarez at Camp Nou, even while Neymar has missed the start of the season with mumps.
Asked what he likes the most about playing for Barcelona, Suarez said: "Coming to pitch and enjoying it.
"I did it before, but in a different way. Today I do not feel as much pressure as I felt in other teams. There are other players that stand out more than me and not everything depends on me. That allows me to be more calm.
"At Liverpool, even without anyone demanding it of me, I forced myself to do things to help the team to work. When there was a bad game I was always criticised. I took it internally and it hurt me.
"Obviously I can improve further. The most important thing is to have the desire to improve and with quality players around is always easier to do it. You learn a lot just by seeing what they do."
Suarez went on to reveal he is keen to represent Uruguay again despite still being banned from international football following the bite incident involving Giorgio Chiellini at last summer's World Cup. Suarez feels the punishment is excessive, and is eager is to get back involved.
He said: "I'm eager to play again (for Uruguay) because I will be out of action two years and it is incomprehensible. The punishment is too long because there have been cases of doping which were punished with one or two years. It's like what I did was the same. That hurts."​
Barcelona's Luis Suarez: We all know that Lionel Messi is the best. MORE: http://t.co/oCCPCJi6gX pic.twitter.com/jGu9MBZo6m — ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) September 7, 2015
​​
There's something so romantic about living waterside. Waking up to a dramatic view, whether from the banks of a lake, ocean, river, or even a tiny brook, always seems to have a soothing effect on the soul.
One way to amp up the romance is to take the dwelling off the shore and put it right onto the water, as Portland, Oregon-based organic architect Robert Oshatz did for his clients. The professional couple, who spend most of their time in downtown Portland, had purchased a mooring on the east side of the Willamette River, an active commercial and recreational body of water.
They turned to Oshatz, known for his curvaceous, swooping architecture, to create a floating Fennell house as their weekend and summer retreat. The 2,364 sq. ft.-home features a passive approach to site, daylighting and ventilation.
Fennell House – The Ultimate Floating Home
Robert Oshatz is well known for his unique approach to design and architecture. His creations are unique expressions of identity and form and this floating Fennell house comes as no exception.
Oshatz wanted to design a house that would only function if it were situated on water, not something that could work equally well on land.
“I believe that every house has a sense of poetry to it, so what I wanted to do was design a house which would reflect the poetry of the movement of the river.” – says Oshatz.
The geometry of the Fennell house works in symmetry with the rippling movement of the water, forming what looks like a great wave breaking. The key element to the design is through the capturing of the feeling of the movement of the river and the flow of the river. The structure should be at peace with itself and at peace with its environment.
The entire Fennell house structure is made from Glulam wood beams that Oshatz stacked and connected to make his signature swirling and curved design. Glulam is made from a number of small pieces of timber glued together, rather than a large singular piece of wood.
This not only makes it super versatile but also greatly reduces the overall amount of material used. Glulam wood is much lighter than most building materials like steel and timber and is also easy to produce without using a great deal of energy.
For Fennell house, in addition to addressing the programmatic requirements, Oshatz had the challenge of building a house that was sturdy yet able to float, and he had to deal with the fact that active construction on the Willamette is prohibited.
The actual construction of the home had to occur offsite, on the connected Columbia River, then pulled by barge to its mooring. Also, moorings on either side were less than 10 feet away, the house had to provide privacy despite the close proximity to neighbors.
The clients wanted a largely open plan interior, requiring no more than a master bedroom, a study, guest bed and bath, and kitchen and living areas.
With the floor plan and programme established the creative mind of Oshatz conjured up this inspired design to enclose the space perfectly. A variety of different woods were used in the construction and decoration.
Douglas fir glulam beams form the house's gracefully curving ceiling. Every beam is on exactly the same radius. The Fennell house is topped with copper tiles, a favorite material of the clients who envisioned it weathering with the years and ageing with the house.
The Fennell house is kept afloat by 80 foot Douglas fir logs, all locally sourced and Cedar shingles clad the exterior faces. The interior is similarly clothed in quality material finishes. Built in cabinets and storage made of American cherry and Brazilian cherry floors and stairs add a warmth to the house's atmosphere. To complete the look, a floor to ceiling glass sliding door opens up onto an uninterrupted vista of the river.
The home's sprawling window wall is not only for taking in amazing river views. The glass allows the sun's rays to heat and light the home during the day while providing natural ventilation.
The two level residence is bright and open, with a lofted master bed and bathroom. The main level includes an expansive common area to gather and enjoy the waterside. With materials prefabricated and barged in on a boat, the home's construction required minimal amounts of energy.
Most importantly, construction did not disrupt the atmosphere of the river, which is also national natural landmark. With this amazing floating Fennell home, Oshatz defies the odds again, seamlessly integrating a beautiful, modern home into its surrounding environment.
Photographs: Cameron Neilson
Related
One of the things I've heard on every KDevelop sprint is: we should be light, like Kate but with our added value.
We've addressed this in many ways so far: we've optimized the code for performance so it's more responsive and starts reasonably fast, we've made sure most done is accessible using the keyboard so we don't feel clumsy and overwhelmed by all the options.
Today, I wanted to reflect on 2 things:
What do we miss being that ideal light editor?
What's a good lightness inspiration?
Otherwise, TLDR, there's a video below.
What do we miss?
The avid Planet KDE reader will know that being light is a complex concept, there are many ways to perceive lightness: Is Kate light? Is KWrite light?
When we talk about lightness, we generally refer to different metrics. If something is worth waiting for, we wait, and that's fine. We don't want to feel we're wasting our time. A good example there I'd say it's Chromium. It's probably one of the heaviest beasts we run on our systems. Nevertheless, it doesn't feel as such (at least until you run out of memory).
There's another point of view: We bomb users with features. In fact, it's awesome to have features and it shouldn't be a trade-off. On the other hand we're never using all features at the same time, optimizing that would be awesome. We should work on it: identifying the different workflows and creating user interfaces that enable them.
What's the role model?
One of the developments that have struck me the most during last years is Kate. Instead of focusing on the editor, it went the KDevelop route: it has started to offer all of the information at once (especially odd, given that there's quite some feature overlapping).
More generally, if I look at what others are doing, I see two major groups:
On one hand, there's atom.io and sublime that seem to be doing something very similar. Most of the components they have we have as well, but then the focus is rather different: they have very few visual interaction components, mostly just the menu, so you can just play with the text and you know where to go look for stuff. UI's are usually embedded in the source code view.
On the other hand, there's Eclipse or Visual Studio that do something quite similar to what we do: present everything in the traditional desktop application way with docks and a couple of smart tricks, because they try to tackle the whole workflow problem.
I understand how we got to where we are, but I also really understand why people can prefer something like atom. My feeling is that “It doesn't make me feel like I should be debugging while I'm coding”, even though they oversimplify on some areas.
What do I propose?
I decided that I wanted to feel what's to work without all the clutter, so I implemented a Concentration Mode for KDevelop. I stripped most of the visual stress, so usually we're left with the good ol' katepart editor, with all KDevelop‘s features. I'll become my own guinea pig: now that I have it clean, how do I use the tools? Can I still do the same things? As discussed on the mailing list, this has had some fruits already.
I think it's really cool: code, code, code, quick open and shortcuts.
The Video!
Now, a bit of a video implementing what I discussed here.
What to look for:
We get to hide the navigation handle, leaving only the toolbar, the document title and the central view.
The toolviews are still accessible.
The menu is still accessible
For now, I can decide to just see what I'm working on. Now.
Happy hacking!
Tencent, the Chinese internet giant valued at $470 billion, may have a hand in rebooting the Snapchat app to make it more competitive with Instagram and Facebook.
Off the back of some very poor financials announced this week, parent company Snap said it is retooling the messaging app “to make it easier to use.”
Now Tencent, which upped its stake in Snap with the purchase of 12 percent of the company — forking out around $2 billion in the process — may be on hand to help. It said is positioned to enable Snap to dig into its experience of growing WeChat, China's dominant messaging app which boasts 800 million monthly users worldwide, and potentially tap into other business lines, including its games business which includes Clash Of Clans maker Supercell.
“The investment enables Tencent to explore cooperation opportunities with the company on mobile games publishing and newsfeed as well as to share its financial returns from the growth of its businesses and monetization in the future,” a Tencent spokesperson told Reuters in a statement.
Tencent first invested in Snap in 2013 although the size of its stake in the company is not public information. As backers go, the company brings considerable clout and know-how in the messaging space. Most impressive is the manner in which it turned WeChat from a messaging app into a social ‘Swiss army knife' that users in China turn to for a range of services including payment, e-commerce, local services, investments, banking and more.
Tencent also has a long-standing interest in U.S. tech companies, and it hasn't been shy backing a number with investments. Its U.S. portfolio includes chat app Kik, Tesla and games firm Activision, while it has invested in global messaging apps like Hike in India and South Korea's Kakao.
This experience is likely to be welcomed by Snap as it looks for what trends will come next in messaging and alternative ways it can engage users to compete with Instagram.
[Update: Snap confirms to TechCrunch that this purchase of shares by Tencent was done on the open public market for non-voting Class A shares, so Tencent will not have direct influence on Snapchat's roadmap.]
Since their start in 2009, Canadian bass music duo, Zeds Dead, has earned themselves a world renowned reputation as one of electronic music's most credible pacemakers due to their diverse production style and electric, bass heavy live DJ performances. Within the last six years, they've performed for well over a million people, allowing them the flex their technical skills and hone in on the craft of DJing.
After hearing a story where a woman had worn a fitbit during sex, the boys of Zeds Dead were intrigued and wanted to put their DJing skills to a similar test, one that produced tangible, scientific data regarding how well they were able to connect with the emotions of their fans during a live show. And that's just what they did at an intimate, sold out show at Vulcan Gas Company in Austin.
Before their Austin show, Zeds Dead asked a few of their fans to wear heart rate monitors that would record rising heart rates and the spikes of activity. They recorded their set, captured all the data from the heart rate monitors, and overlaid the rhythm patterns on the progression of the recorded set to see how people really felt and reacted to their music, to see what songs their fans particularly loved, and more specifically, the different parts and beats of these songs. And, to ensure accuracy, Zeds Dead limited their participants to ones who agreed to be entirely sober during the whole set. The result? While people's hearts all went along their own paths, there were a few points in the night when everyone's heart rate shot up in unison.
6 Biggest Spikes
Zeds Dead — Hadouken
Zeds Dead — Lost You
Zeds Dead — Adrenaline
Dodge and Fuski — Positive Vibe
Zeds Dead & Megalodon — Wit Me Dub
DJ SKT — Take Me Away ft. Rae (Andy C Remix)
As Zeds Dead explained,
“In electronic music, the beat is everything. As an artist, your goal during a set is simple: take the crowd on a roller-coaster ride of emotions. How do you do this? There are countless mechanical elements, of course, things like the pace of songs and the tension and tempo, but the paramount thing is reading the crowd with as much focus as you can. You need to intuit what they're feeling and thinking, read what hits and what flops, and then fine-tune along the way and in future sets. It's not an easy thing to judge with accuracy: Your best guess at what the crowd is feeling comes in the form of yells, fist pumps, or that all-important but ever-elusive ‘vibe.' Subjective? Sure, but it's all you've got.” “But it's what separates a mediocre DJ from a great one: their ability to absorb the crowd and work them.”
Source: Boing Boing
The wavering of millennials in America's religious landscape may not only be an issue, but also a question begging an answer. Where is everyone going? And what's working to bring them back? To find answers, a team of Universe reporters spent a semester talking to religious experts around the country and to millennials themselves. What they found will be presented in upcoming articles.
Second in a series. Part one deals with the rise of the ‘nones.' Part three discusses ways religions have appealed to millennials. Part four reveals millennials who stay with religion. Part five looks at millennials within the LDS community.
Shannon Hall-Bulzone is a 31-year-old ex-Jehovah's Witness who didn't “want to be the problem worshipper” in her congregation.
“I don't think you have to be a member of a man-created religion to have a relationship with God,” Hall-Bulzone said.
Instead, like 35 percent of her millennial peers, she's chosen not to participate in organized religion at all.
Why the millennial disenchantment with organized religion? Like Hall-Bulzone, many millennials take issue with organized religion for both social and intellectual reasons, according to a recent Pew Research Center study. Some choose personal spirituality over formal, organized religion; some adopt a “cafeteria” mentality with their current church; others disassociate themselves completely.
According to the study, the “none” phenomenon when it comes to religious affiliation is more common among millennials raised in Christian and mainline Protestant churches. The study found that Hindu, Muslim and Jewish faiths have the highest retention rates of young adults who identify with the religious tradition in which they were raised. The study reported, for example, that 80 percent of Hindu young adults remain in their religion, while only 45 percent of those raised as mainline Protestants do so. For the LDS Church, the study shows the retention rate is 64 percent. The lowest retention rate is found among young Jehovah's Witnesses — only 34 percent of whom retained their affiliation.
The moral pillars millennial ‘nones' reject
According to psychologist Jonathan Haidt, moral foundations underlie all religious and political beliefs. In a 2008 TED Talk, Haidt explained five key values, but has since expanded his theory to include one more foundational value. The values and their opposites consist of care/harm, fairness/cheating, liberty/oppression, loyalty/betrayal, authority/subversion and sanctity/degradation.
Haidt suggested liberal thinkers privilege “care” and “fairness” over the other values, while conservatives tend to embrace the entire value system.
Haidt's theory might explain why some young adults are moving away from organized religion. Pew Research shows that millennials are markedly more liberal than their predecessors. Fifty percent of millennials affiliate with the Democratic party, while 34 percent align with or lean toward the Republican party. So, it's possible that millennials experience this pull to the liberal values of “care” and “fairness.”
This trend produces what may be a difficult pill for conservative religious leaders to swallow. The “care” and “fairness” principles can easily exist in an individual's life independent of religion. Monsignor Francis Mannion, a retired Catholic priest from Salt Lake City's St. Vincent de Paul Parish, attributes the millennial focus on care and fairness to “a rather pragmatic kind of moral system.” He said virtues like sanctity and authority-observance demand strong commitment, sacrifice and change.
“But we live in a consumer culture,” Monsignor Mannion said. “And people see no reason to consume or be involved in anything which is demanding of them.”
Neylan McBaine, author of “Women at Church,” sees a profound shift in spirituality, one that doesn't rely on community as much as personal journeys and “the belief that churches can morph to reflect personal journeys.”
“Originally it was about morphing to an institution,” McBaine said. “Now people are shopping for institutions based on what they currently believe and want.”
Millennials: Lazy or analytical?
Does the millennial avoidance/personalization of religion mean that 20- and 30-somethings today are just lazy? Sam Sturgeon says no. He works as director of research at Bonneville Communications, a niche advertising firm that helps non-profits speak to people of faith who value family. Sturgeon spends a lot of time researching millennials and how they relate to religion.
“You hear a lot of people talking down to millennials, saying we have the dumbest generation,” he said. “But it's not laziness and failure to grow up. They're finding strategic ways to navigate the current situation they're in. As I look at the research, millennials are savvy.”
Sturgeon questions the accuracy of the baby boomer fear that millennials delay marriage and big life decisions because of the “failure to launch” phenomenon. Perhaps it's just strategy. “They say, ‘Yeah, my mom and dad got married young and they hated each other',” Sturgeon noted. “One in 3 millennials, their parents are divorced. One in four millennials are born outside of marriage.”
Not wanting to mimic their parents' mistakes, Sturgeon said some millennials bring a jaded, cautious awareness to their life choices, religiosity included.
Devin Willie, a 26-year-old Latter-day Saint, attends church services even though he no longer agrees with everything the church teaches.
Willie sees his generation as the first to be raised on postmodernist principles and believes “it's catching up.” Postmodernism, marked by skeptical interpretations of reality (culture, philosophy, literature, art, etc.), drives the rallying cry of millennials today.
Postmodernism prizes personal realities and relativism, privileges concrete encounters over abstract principles and “lacks the optimism of there being a scientific, philosophical or religious truth which will explain everything for everybody,” according to PBS.org's “Faith and Reason” glossary.
“We're taught to question everything, not assume anything and find rational explanations,” Willie said. “I think it's not incompatible with faith. It's incompatible with dishonest and flawed explanations of where our faith has come from.”
Sam Savignac, a 23-year-old student in Bloomington, Illinois, shares Willie's practice of questioning everything, including his faith. His father is Catholic and his mother is Unitarian, but he said he refused those religions and “found (his) own set of beliefs within (himself).” Today Savignac identifies as an “atheist animalistic pagan.”
“I grew up in a Christian family and when I looked to the sky and listened for God, I felt silence,” Savignac said. “But then I heard a song from the Earth under my feet … I have developed my beliefs by listening to that song.”
Roots of the millennial mentality: Institution-aversion
The millennial shift away from organized religion may also sprout from a distrust of structure. Postmodernists love to deconstruct, after all. According to Josh Packard, professor of sociology at Northern Colorado University, author of “Church Refugees,” and organizer of the “Dechurched” project, millennials avoid most social institutions — not just religious ones.
“The story that we're seeing about church decline is not a church story, it's a society story,” Packard said. “People no longer organize their lives primarily through large social institutions … that marks a major difference in our society, even from 10 or 15 years ago.”
McBaine explained that 20-somethings today don't have a central enemy. Remember the old adage about a shared foe uniting a group in a common cause? That doesn't really apply to millennials. In years past, world wars and central enemies created a country where people were more committed to institutions.
“But for millennials, there's very little sense of that permanence; we haven't had a central enemy that people are rallying around,” McBaine said. She attributes this in part to technology's ability to humanize enemies: share their stories, show their faces. It's not as easy to vilify a whole people anymore. “An example is with military conflicts; millennials are very hesitant to say Muslims are our enemy,” McBaine said.
So with religion, millennials are left asking themselves, “What is the role of this institution?”
McBaine suggests this generation expects churches to be a mechanism for social good. Millennials want to align with organizations that help them help other people, as opposed to rallying against an enemy. This mindset aligns with the liberal and millennial tendency to privilege “care” over other moral pillars.
But sometimes millennials “perceive the church as something much more insular, something less tangible,” according to McBaine. So, some wonder, if a church doesn't seem to be an adequate welfare-provider or reflection of an individual's personal journey, what purpose does it serve?
Searching for concrete answers
While tolerance is a common theme preached across the pulpit, churches across all religions still struggle with how to include members who may not fit the traditional churchgoer mold of the past.
Millennials experience higher levels of depression both in college and in the workplace than previous generations. However, few churches know how to address mental illness and support members who are struggling with it.
Austin Berlocher, 22, a student living in Champaign, Illinois, was raised in the Roman Catholic faith but left when his church's answers started sounding “hollow.”
“I battled for years (and still do) with depression and anxiety, and all the church told me to do was trust God,” Berlocher said. “That didn't feel right; I didn't know what the truth was but I felt like I couldn't put that much faith in something I couldn't see, couldn't feel and couldn't hold accountable.”
Berlocher tried to gain answers from his church, but when he raised questions during meetings and tried to spark discussions, he said he was met with pity. This reaction from his church community and lack of concrete answers prompted him to leave the Catholic church.
“Don't label me!” Love, millennials
Maybe it's doing millennials a disservice to keep calling them one term and to paint them with sweeping generalizations. They hate that. But it is necessary to document trends. In his documentation of millennial trends, Boncom's Sam Sturgeon notes one consistency:
“By and large, millennials don't wear their faith on their sleeve,” Sturgeon said. “They don't like labels. They don't want people to say, ‘Oh you're Catholic, got it. I know everything I need to know about you.'”
This generation likes to make their faith their own, so Sturgeon said that's important to remember when framing advertisements or having conversations with millennials. “Millennials really want to move beyond labels,” he said.
“Millennials are more likely to say their beliefs first and their affiliation second,” Sturgeon said. “Where it used to be the other way around.”
Researchers at Newcastle University (UK) found that European sea bass experienced higher stress levels when exposed to the types of piling and drilling sounds made during the construction of offshore structures.
The fish also showed signs of being confused when they encountered a potential predator while exposed to these underwater noises. When researchers played recordings of piling sounds and mimicked an approaching predator, the seabass made more turns and failed to move away from the predator.
When exposed to drilling sounds the sea bass actively avoided these areas, spending more time in what the research team called the 'safe zone'.
The fish also took longer to recover from exposure to the underwater sounds.
Lead researcher Ilaria Spiga explained: "Over the last few decades, the sea has become a very noisy place. The effects we saw were subtle changes, which may well have the potential to disrupt the seabass's ability to remain 'in tune' with its environment.
"Sea bass, along with other bony fishes, rely on a characteristic 'startle and response' mechanism to get away from predators. Exposure to underwater noises can make it harder for fishes to detect and react to predators. It could also impair their own ability to detect food.
"Man-made marine noise could potentially have an adverse effect on reproduction also. If fishes actively avoid areas where these sounds are present it could prevent them from entering spawning grounds, or affect communication between individuals."
The researchers played recordings of drilling from the English Channel made during the installation of a new tidal barrage, while the sound of piling was taken from the construction of a new lifeboat station at Swansea Bay.
The piling was characterised by intense pulses of low frequency sound whereas the drilling was continuous noise. Both piling and drilling sounds overlap with the hearing range of sea bass and many other species of fish of 100 -- 1000 Hz.
Offshore construction, shipping, and even some onshore activities can all add to ambient noise levels underwater.
Although noise is recognised as a pollutant by the European Union's Marine Strategy Framework Directive (MSFD), currently only applications for larger or more complex projects have to be registered with the UK government's Marine Noise Registry.
Now, the research team are calling for this to be expanded by proposing limits on the length of time that underwater drilling and piling can take place, or replacing piling with drilling, to give fish time to recover from the physiological changes that these noises induce.
The Associated Press
BEIJING - People recently punished in China's campaign against online rumours include those who circulated an inflated death toll in the Tianjin blasts and who alleged a man committed suicide because of the country's stock market woes, state media reported Monday.
The official Xinhua News Agency said 197 people have been punished in a special campaign, citing the Public Security Ministry, but did not say over what period.
Authorities over the past two years have waged a campaign to purge rumourmongering from the Chinese Internet, saying that unethical and unbecoming behaviour online needs to be wiped out. Critics say the campaign also is aimed at suppressing criticism of the ruling Communist Party.
Xinhua cited the ministry as saying that 165 online accounts were closed in the campaign's latest phase.
Among the rumours circulated were that a "man jumped to his death in Beijing due to the stock market slump," and that "at least 1,300 people were killed in the Tianjin blasts." The death toll in the Aug. 12 explosions at warehouses for hazardous chemicals in the port city so far is 150.
The ministry also said some of the people were punished for spreading seditious rumours about upcoming commemorations of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, which China marks on Thursday with a big military parade through Beijing.
Mornings Suck. Often times you don't need a shower (ex. you showered last night), but your bed head makes you look like Gary Busey. Societal pressures would say take another shower. No time for that; and unless you had a sweaty night terror, you're still clean. But you do need to wet your hair to look like a respectable member of society. So what do you do? You're pretty clever so you wet your head in the sink. Or maybe you're cutting edge and you stick just your head under the shower. Whatever your method, let's be honest - Water gets everywhere, you rarely get the back of your head and your hair is now just a different kind of mess. When you're a morning zombie, you need all the help you can get. Morninghead is about to change all of that for you. To use Morninghead, simply add water to it, put it on your head, and seconds later your hair is completely wet. No mess, bed head's gone. Take control of your mornings. Get Morninghead today.
From Jim O – Hi Guys. It's Jim O. again with a local barn find. A friend recently told me about a guy that he knew for quite some time. Until recently he had no idea that he hoarded cars. He mentioned he had a Torino Talladega. My friend contacted me to see if I might be interested. Of course I was. I met him this past Saturday at a local swap meet to introduce myself. He agreed to let me look at the car but he wasn't sure if he wanted to sell it. He had others come and look and offer to buy it, but it never happened for whatever reason. I went over to look Monday night. Fell in love and told him that I would buy it if he decided to sell it. He said he'd think about it. The very next night at a local car show he came up to me and said he'd sell it to me!! I went over last night, paid and picked it up this morning. It had been sitting in his barn/garage for about 10 years. He parked after having some issues with it running reliably and there it sat. I can't wait to get it back on the road.
So far it is now running and moving under its own power. I'm having it now checked over by my mechanic to make sure is roadworthy. The plan is to drive it as is. The only problem is that for some reason the right rear quarter panel has been primered while the rest of the car is original paint, too bad they had to do that. Not sure how to handle that. It'll be fun in the meantime!
I want to thank Jim for sharing his Torino with us and I hope he will keep us updated with his progress! So does anyone have any ideas for how he can handle the primer issue?
The perfidious vandals at Google will kill Google Reader on July 1, 2013. Accordingly, it is time to wean ourselves off Google dependence and find an alternative. Perhaps this will prove to be a good thing, as Google Reader has strangled RSS innovation through its monopolist, good-enough position much like IE6 once strangled the web.
NewsBlur and The Old Reader are two services I've seen mentioned. Unfortunately, both are currently buckling under the load of my fellow reader-heads fleeing the sinking Google ship. (Edit: More alternatives are listed in the roundups at Kikolani and LifeHacker.)
Accordingly, I've just installed Fever on my shared hosting. I'm not going to recommend my hosting provider as my account is based on a grandfathered plan, but Dreamhost is popular. The more technically inclined may want to spin up an Amazon EC2 instance.
Fever is a PHP/MySQL web application. It's very easy to install, assuming you have access to a web server. It costs a one-time $30, which is likely why it is very easy to install. It also comes with lots of really neat features that innovate beyond what Google Reader ever did, none of which I care about.
Migrate from Google Reader to Fever
Log into Google Takeout . Download your Google Reader data. Unzip it. The subscriptions.xml file contains your feeds and folders in standard OPML format. Download the Fever Server Compatibility Suite Upload it to your server and let it verify compatibility. Is it compatible? Great! Paypal over the $30. Copy the activation code from the email in your inbox into the wizard. Let the wizard install Fever for you, importing your precious subscriptions.xml. Fever will display a brisk progress bar as it quickly processes your myriad feeds. Oh, you may want to enable the unread messages count:
Voila!
Freshman Rep. Mark Walker, R-N.C., wants to be chairman of the Republican Study Committee, and he's hawking his brand of “effective conservatism” to make his pitch why he should lead the largest conservative conference in Congress.
In his first sit-down interview since formally announcing his candidacy Tuesday afternoon, Walker told The Daily Signal he envisions a bolder and more active RSC during next year's 115th Congress.
“Effective conservatism for the RSC has to be more than just awareness and intention. There have to be action steps,” the North Carolina representative said. “That's how we bridge the gap, to make our goals into something more than just talk.”
The rookie representative said that requires the RSC to function as a conservative clearinghouse rather than an echo chamber.
“RSC has the opportunity to be the filter for whatever leadership or outside groups present us with,” Walker said. “We are the think tank. We are the process. We purify legislation to make sure we deliver on the promises we made to the American people. That's why it matters.”
Walker has only been in Washington for 21 months but he's quickly become popular among the many warring factions of the GOP conference, often working closely with leadership and hard-line conservatives.
Conservatives praise him for forcing leadership to allow consideration of an amendment allowing states to opt out of federal education requirements. The Republican establishment applauds him for his work to reform the party's approach to poverty.
“You can get the immediate attention—that old adage that the squeaky wheel gets the grease—by throwing a temper tantrum every time you don't get your way,” Walker said. “But long-term success is built by the relational side.”
To be effective as a committee, Walker said the Republican Study Committee should position itself somewhere in between the aggressive Freedom Caucus and the establishment of House leadership.
A Baptist minister turned congressman, Walker said he expects an RSC congregation under his watch would work closely with both groups while being prepared to split with either at any moment.
“I hope there are times [RSC] can lock arms with [the House Freedom Caucus] and accomplish some wonderful goals,” Walker said.
Several of the RSC's 176 members also belong to the more nimble and aggressive 40-member Freedom Caucus.
“If there's an overreach by leadership that we feel is crossing the line,” he added, “there are going to be times where RSC will have to say, ‘No, this is as far as we go.'”
Walker's ambitious bid to succeed current RSC Chairman Bill Flores, R-Texas, comes as the committee finds itself in the middle of some of the most contentious fights in Congress.
The Republican Study Committee has pushed for steep cuts to spending and a rebuttal to the White House's transgender school bathroom directives—positions much farther to the right than those staked out by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
If elected RSC chairman, Walker would have a direct line to leadership along with the chairmen of the Freedom Caucus and centrist Tuesday Group, the two other major voting blocs in Congress.
Some members of the Freedom Caucus have been flirting with the idea of an exodus from the RSC. If they do not pay $5,000 in annual dues, they won't be able to vote in the Nov. 17 chairman race.
The impact of any exodus could be muted, though. Walker is currently running unopposed.
UFC lightweight Bobby Green will be on the shelf for the remainder of 2015 after suffering a tear in the ACL and lateral meniscus in his knee recently.
Green was expected to face Al Iaquinta at UFC Fight Night in San Diego on July 15, but the knee injury forced him out of the bout.
According to Green's manager Jason House of Iridium Sports Agency, the top 15 ranked fighter will undergo surgery in July and then begin his rehabilitation to get back in the Octagon again. News of Green's injury was first reported by MMAFighting.com.
Article continues below ...
"He tore his ACL and lateral meniscus," House told FOX Sports on Wednesday. "Surgery is scheduled for July 25."
Green was returning to action for the first time since a loss to Edson Barboza in November 2014, but now he'll miss all of 2015 due to the knee injury.
House says that once Green wraps up his surgery next month the current timeline for his return to action is tentatively January or February 2016.
Prior to his last loss, Green had won his previous eight fights, including four straight in the UFC.
The first lesbian kiss on South Korean TV aired on Wednesday (February 25) night, and it was epic.
Two two female students on drama Seonam Girls High School Investigators shared a passionate kiss in the library – but then broke up out of fear of being judged.
But not everyone was happy with having the display of same-sex affection broadcast into their homes.
The Korea Communications Standards Commission (KCSC) said Friday (27 February) it had received complaints and were looking in the matter.
‘We will decide whether this is an issue after we look into it, and whether there is any violation of broadcast policy,' the commission said in a statement.
A spokesperson for the producer, JTBC cable channel, said the kiss was ‘necessary to the plot.'
A representative for the program said homosexuality was the first topic production director Yeo Yoon wanted to broach.
‘He of course worried about the reaction to the scene, but ultimately decided that it was a topic that needed to be discussed,' they said in an op-ed published in Star News.
The representative added that their decision to include the scene was based on talks with gay students:
‘The homosexual students we've met have said that they are treated unfairly at school.
‘We do not believe it is our prerogative to judge whether these students are right or wrong. We therefore went ahead with the scene in the hopes that diversity can be accepted and embraced.'
Most netizens were supportive of the kiss.
‘The matter of homosexual love is a personal thing, none of us have any right to say it's wrong or right,' one wrote.
‘These scenes are in foreign dramas all the time. I guess there's some rejection going on since it's the first time in Korea,' said another.
Others expressed surprise or disgust while and some said there were far more controversial themes in Korean TV dramas, which are popular all over Asia.
‘I like how the KCSC will let cancer, affairs, pre-marital pregnancies, and divorce dramas all pass but gay love makes them shake in their boots,' one wrote.
Watch the epic kiss below:
By David Bauder - January 31, 2013
NEW YORK (AP) — MSNBC invited viewers Wednesday to draw their own conclusions about whether the parent of a Connecticut school shooting victim was heckled at a legislative hearing but didn't address criticism that it aired a deceptively edited video of the event.
The NBC-owned cable news network found itself under attack for its editing practices less than a year after three employees of NBC or an NBC-owned station lost their jobs over the editing of a 911 call in the Trayvon Martin case.
On Monday, MSNBC's Martin Bashir reported on hearing testimony given that day by Neil Heslin, whose 6-year-old son, Jesse, was killed last month in the elementary school massacre in Newtown, Conn.
In the hushed hearing room, Heslin said, "I ask if there's anybody in this room that can give me one reason or challenge this question: why anybody in this room needs to have ... one of these assault-type weapons or military weapons or high-capacity clips?"
Heslin paused for five seconds and looked around him. No one else spoke.
"Not one person can answer that question," he said.
Then, someone in the audience shouted: "The Second Amendment shall not be infringed."
After the audience was admonished by a legislator not to speak, Heslin said, "Anyway, we're all entitled to our own opinion, and I respect their opinions and thoughts, but I wish they'd respect mine and give it a little bit of thought."
Video aired by Bashir Monday omitted the challenge, depicting Heslin saying: "Why anybody in this room needs to have ... one of these assault-type weapons or military weapons." At that point, without any pause, the audience member's interjection about the Second Amendment was heard. Heslin's comment about respecting opinions was omitted.
The camera then focused on Bashir, who said, "a father's grief interrupted by the cries of a heckler."
The passage as aired by MSNBC received criticism for being deceptive.
"This is not how a legitimate, professional news organization operates," said Brent Bozell, founder of the Media Research Center, a conservative media watchdog. "MSNBC's relentless anti-gun advocacy is bad enough, but this is downright dishonest."
MSNBC spokeswoman Lauren Skowronski did not immediately address questions about why MSNBC made the changes or whether criticism that it was misleading is valid.
Bashir was out sick on Wednesday, but substitute anchor Ari Melber said Bashir had made note of questions about whether Heslin had been heckled. MSNBC then played an unedited video of the passage in question.
"Martin and others have called that interruption heckling," Melber said. "Some disagree. He wanted you to hear that in full so you can draw your own conclusions."
Melber said nothing on the air about the fact that it initially aired an edited portion of the video.
Last spring, NBC's "Today" show and its Miami station WTVJ aired versions of a police emergency call made by Florida neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman that emphasized his identification of Trayvon Martin as a black man, before Zimmerman shot Martin. Zimmerman had given his description of Martin after a dispatcher asked about his race but that portion of the tape wasn't initially aired. NBC later apologized.
Half a million extra passengers a year can take off from Doncaster Sheffield airport as a major airline launches eight new routes.
The announcement that Flybe will deliver up to 44 extra flights per week from the airport - which is an increase of 70 per cent on current departure levels - from March 2016 has been hailed as ‘transformational' for the region.
Embraer 2
It is the biggest leap of its kind since the airport opened a decade ago and is to tie in with the opening of a new £58 million link road from junction three of the M18, which aims to slash journey times for passengers, early next year.
Steve Gill, managing director of Doncaster Sheffield Airport, said: “This announcement is transformational for Sheffield City Region's airport.
“We are truly delighted to be welcoming Flybe in this new long-term deal.
“The additional seats and other forecasted growth are expected to take passenger figures from 900,000 in 2015-16 to over 1.35 million in 2016-17.”
The eight new routes, which will service both leisure and business destinations across Europe, will be confirmed next week.
Saad Hammad, chief executive of Flybe, said: “We are delighted to have reached this agreement to begin enhancing connectivity for the people of Yorkshire from Doncaster Sheffield Airport.
“We look forward to welcoming all our new passengers on board next year with great value fares and a convenient, fast, reliable service to some very popular destinations as well providing them with opportunities for onward connections.”
Improvements in transport and infrastructure are a key focus for the Sheffield City Region as part of its £900m in-principle devolution deal with Government, which will transfer powers from Whitehall to local authorities and is also set to bring in a directly elected mayor.
The Peel Company, the parent company of Doncaster Sheffield Airport, has identified 150 projects across its portfolio in the Northern Powerhouse and encouraged talks between businesses and Government to give the concept lift off.
James Newman, chairman of the Sheffield City Region Local Enterprise Partnership, said; “We are a city region of 2.1 million people and Sheffield is the UK's fourth largest city.
“Connectivity to major European centres for trade and investment play a crucial role in the economic prosperity of the region.
“Investments such as this one will help to strongly position the Sheffield City Region as a key player in the Northern Powerhouse and will enable us to start to rebalance the UK economy through significant growth in the north.”
Up to 60 jobs will be created as a result of Flybe, said to be Europe's largest regional airline with 149 routes to nine countries, launching the routes and basing two Embraer Jet aircraft at the airport.
Mayor of Doncaster Ros Jones said ‘many more' would be created indirectly.
She added: “It was always anticipated that the FARRRS link road would make Doncaster Sheffield Airport a more attractive offering to airlines and we are delighted that this has already been realised.
“The new Flybe services will boost the number of passengers flying in and out of the region when the new road opens and that can only be good news for the local economy.”
LONDON -- Swiss researchers have suspended the testing of one of the leading Ebola vaccine candidates after some volunteers reported unexpected side effects.
In a statement issued on Thursday, the Hopitaux Universitaires de Geneve said the trial had been suspended "as a precautionary measure." The study involving 59 people began in November.
Researchers reported four cases of mild joint pain in the hands and feet in people who got the shot 10 to 15 days earlier. Officials will stop giving the vaccine next week to get more data and liaise with others who are testing the vaccine in the U.S., Canada, Germany and Gabon.
The vaccine was developed by the Canadian government and is licensed to two U.S. companies, NewLink and Merck. The trial is scheduled to resume in January in Geneva.
This is just one of several experimental vaccines currently being tested worldwide to combat the deadly Ebola outbreak. The U.S. National Institutes of Health reported last month that a vaccine being tested in Bethesda, Maryland, appeared safe in an early study and elicited a promising immune system response.
Since the outbreak began earlier this year, Ebola has infected more than 17,800 people and killed more than 6,300, mostly in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
Close
Anencephaly, a rare, tragic birth defect, causes infants to be born missing parts of their brains and/or skulls. The number of cases in Washington state has recently skyrocketed lately, and epidemiologists are uncertain what is causing the fatal condition.
An investigation of health records in three counties of the Evergreen State revealed 23 cases of anencephaly in 36 months, between January 2010 and 2013. This translates to a rate of 8.4 births out of every 10,000. That is four times the normal occurrence for the rare disorder.
No major organization has yet made a goal of finding the source of these deaths. Environmental factors are often responsible for birth defects.
Anencephaly begins in the first month of pregnancy, before most women realize they are pregnant. Like spina bifida, it is classed as a neural tube defect (NTD). Spina bifida is characterized by incomplete closure of the spinal column, and usually results in partial paralysis beneath the waist.
During early stages of fetal development, a "neural tube" forms and closes. This structure creates the skull, brain, and spinal cord in babies. In cases of anencephaly, most of the skull or brain never forms. Those fetuses who are not stillborn, die soon after birth.
One of the challenges presented to potential researchers is the lack of consistent medical records. While one doctor might ask if a person's home is near a landfill, another might fail to ask. This makes it difficult, at best, to gather accurate data.
"Medical record reviews might not have captured all information, preventing a cause from being identified," the Department of Health for Washington State wrote in a press release.
The exact causes of neural tube defects are not yet known. Data collected so far say mothers are more likely to have affected babies if they are obese, have uncontrolled diabetes, or take certain anti-seizure medications. The National Institute for Health recommends adequate levels of folic acid for women who may become pregnant.
Sara Barron is a nurse who first noticed the spike in cases. After seeing two such births in a short period of time and her hospital, Barron asked colleagues in other parts of the state about cases of anencephaly. She found examples of such birth defects were being seen in other Washington-state hospitals. Barron has been critical of the response from the state since she noticed the spike.
In 2013, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention looked at case histories of 27 women who had given birth to babies with NTD conditions.
Researchers asked the women about living habits and possible risk factors.
"No statistically significant differences were identified between cases and controls, and a clear cause of the elevated prevalence of anencephaly was not determined," the study reported.
This a a mystery yet to be unraveled, and the lives of babies are at stake.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
UPDATE: A man and woman were shot early Friday morning by a gun that was in their bed.
Police say that after the woman got into bed, she slid her hand under a pillow. The action caused a gun underneath the pillow to fire.
The man was hit in the head by a bullet and the woman was hit in the hand. Luckily, neither wound is life threatening.
Police have ruled the shooting accidental.
ORIGINAL STORY:
LAS VEGAS (KTNV) -- Las Vegas police are investigating a shooting near Tenaya Way and Vegas Drive.
The shooting, which happened in the 1700 block of Rock Springs Drive, was reported at 3:42 a.m.
Police say that two people were shot. However, it appears that it was accidental. The injuries are non-life threatening.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
2 people shot at apartment complex near Vegas dr/95. Sgt says it looks to be accidental. People okay. Even walking around after. @KTNV pic.twitter.com/6pSX25KzKs — Lesley Marin (@lesleymarin) October 21, 2016
Shrinkzxo Profile Blog Joined August 2014 Dotoland 403 Posts Last Edited: 2015-01-08 15:33:50 #1
SCgoodman, in an astonishing fashion, defeats iAsonu with a score of 2:1. He was on live on DouyuTV while playing against iA. He was suspected cheating on air. When asked by audience and his opponent to authenticate that he did not use a hacker, he closes his stream. He later was accused by forum of using hacker and disguise to establish credibility. NeverSteam, the famous amateur protoss player who is currently on Team LEor and due to join Zenith of Origin, made his observation on tieba, a Chinese forum and said such victory is 'dubious'.
Also on tieba, Keke's victory are also questioned with rep analysis.
http://tieba.baidu.com/p/3514439915?pn=1
SCgoodman admitted to me that he used maphacks before, but claimed not this time.
All instances are under investigation conducted by WCS China staff.
On January 08 2015 16:42 FruitsbasketCN wrote:
WCS Season 1: Chinese Qualifier. Round 1
"scgoodman" used maphack,and beat iG.IA.
Scgoodman in the game did not do any investigation
Using his perfect forecast, defend all ia attack.
He is lucky?
In the past he had because of the use Maphack, was DQ from MCL(Matchday clan league,which is Chinese top amateur league)
Today, Blizzard said it did not detect any cheating.
This means that Blizzard has been unable to pass a technical inspection maphack.
Now, maphack can stream by OBS.
Computer screen and OBS screen are not the same
This is really shame.
If you can read Chinese, you can find more information in the following pages
http://tieba.baidu.com/p/3513829720
http://tieba.baidu.com/p/3514279148
http://tieba.baidu.com/p/3515602052
Replays:
http://pan.baidu.com/s/1mg5MY60 WCS Season 1: Chinese Qualifier. Round 1"scgoodman" used maphack,and beat iG.IA.Scgoodman in the game did not do any investigationUsing his perfect forecast, defend all ia attack.He is lucky?In the past he had because of the use Maphack, was DQ from MCL(Matchday clan league,which is Chinese top amateur league)Today, Blizzard said it did not detect any cheating.This means that Blizzard has been unable to pass a technical inspection maphack.Now, maphack can stream by OBS.Computer screen and OBS screen are not the sameThis is really shame.If you can read Chinese, you can find more information in the following pagesReplays: Both suspects, SCgoodman, and Keke, are from NeXT.SCgoodman, in an astonishing fashion, defeats iAsonu with a score of 2:1. He was on live on DouyuTV while playing against iA. He was suspected cheating on air. When asked by audience and his opponent to authenticate that he did not use a hacker, he closes his stream. He later was accused by forum of using hacker and disguise to establish credibility. NeverSteam, the famous amateur protoss player who is currently on Team LEor and due to join Zenith of Origin, made his observation on tieba, a Chinese forum and said such victory is 'dubious'. http://tieba.baidu.com/p/3513829720?pn=1 Also on tieba, Keke's victory are also questioned with rep analysis.SCgoodman admitted to me that he used maphacks before, but claimed not this time.All instances are under investigation conducted by WCS China staff. https://twitter.com/shrinkzxo
ZigguratOfUr Profile Blog Joined April 2012 Iraq 13345 Posts #2 Damn. I hope they resolve things soon.
chipmonklord17 Profile Joined February 2011 United States 8418 Posts #3 That would be really disappointing for iA if he was considering retirement and then got knocked out of the qualifers by someone who maphacked and wasn't caught. Good on WCS china for trying to figure this out
-Kyo- Profile Blog Joined August 2010 Japan 1812 Posts #4 Hope they figure it out~ NA and China both huh? ;~; Players on NA have been mentioning how this season has been the worst yet for hackers and it looks like there are issues elsewhere alsoHope they figure it out~ Anime is cuter than you. Legacy of the Void GM Protoss Gameplay: twitch.tv/kyo7763 youtube.com/user/KyoStarcraft/
phodacbiet Profile Joined August 2010 United States 1576 Posts #5 On the bright side, now blizzard will FINALLY do something about this.
friendship Profile Joined November 2014 32 Posts #6 Unfortunate fact of life on the CN server...
Great example though of how screwed the community is in terms of playing fair games because anti cheating efforts aren't prioritized on any level (thanks though for making widow mines, fixing them, un-fixing them, re-un-fixing them...)
If this isn't fundamentally resolved it will eventually deter the (dwindling?) remaining players of this game from continuing to play (and even spectate at some point) after the last expansion comes out. It taints all kinds of play on all levels-- though I assume the fanbase (not to alienate the huge number of players who only bought the game and expand for single player) is mostly interested in laddering without needing to deal with the energy drain that this garbage creates.
Orcasgt24 Profile Joined August 2011 Canada 3203 Posts #7 On January 08 2015 17:03 phodacbiet wrote:
On the bright side, now blizzard will FINALLY do something about this.
I'd like to believe you but this is Blizzard we are talking about. They don't do anything to counter hacking I'd like to believe you but this is Blizzard we are talking about. They don't do anything to counter hacking In Hearthstone we pray to RNGesus. When Yogg-Saron hits the field, RNGod gets to work
digmouse Profile Blog Joined November 2010 China 5165 Posts #8 Both cases are under investigation from Netease and Blizzard at the moment. Translator If you want to ask anything about Chinese esports, send me a PM or follow me @nerddigmouse.
Strelok Profile Joined January 2006 Ukraine 320 Posts #9 On January 08 2015 15:06 Shrinkzxo wrote:
Ztsman admitted to me that he used maphacker before, but claimed not this time.
[/QUOTE]
After these words i LOLed and stopped reading. Blizzard has absolutely no detection powers against maphack, so once caught maphackers have to be banned on a very long term, because next time they will learn how to hide better and will be very, very hard to catch them.
[/QUOTE]After these words i LOLed and stopped reading. Blizzard has absolutely no detection powers against maphack, so once caught maphackers have to be banned on a very long term, because next time they will learn how to hide better and will be very, very hard to catch them.
phodacbiet Profile Joined August 2010 United States 1576 Posts #10 On January 08 2015 17:13 Orcasgt24 wrote:
Show nested quote +
On January 08 2015 17:03 phodacbiet wrote:
On the bright side, now blizzard will FINALLY do something about this.
I'd like to believe you but this is Blizzard we are talking about. They don't do anything to counter hacking I'd like to believe you but this is Blizzard we are talking about. They don't do anything to counter hacking
True. I mean, it's not like this has happened in WCS before right? amiright??? /endsarcasm
True. I mean, it's not like this has happened in WCS before right? amiright??? /endsarcasm
Wormi Profile Joined December 2011 Germany 180 Posts #11 i can´t dl the replays from baidu.com. another filehost plz. I´m a real person. Beep beep.
-Kyo- Profile Blog Joined August 2010 Japan 1812 Posts #12 On January 08 2015 17:13 Orcasgt24 wrote:
Show nested quote +
On January 08 2015 17:03 phodacbiet wrote:
On the bright side, now blizzard will FINALLY do something about this.
I'd like to believe you but this is Blizzard we are talking about. They don't do anything to counter hacking I'd like to believe you but this is Blizzard we are talking about. They don't do anything to counter hacking
Yeah I have to agree with this. Unless the community really gets behind a movement on anti-hack as a few NA players have been lobbying for then nothing will really change. It's honestly up to the consumer who drives their expansion rate of return prices that make Blizzard themselves make the investment for this kind of thing.
Lets not forget, if Blizzard didn't want to do this there is always the concept of leaving a 3rd party source to create anti-hack DETECTION (the key word here) for the players. It is up to BLIZZARD to allow these things to be run/used if they themselves do not want to do anything about it but the bottom line is there is so many hackers/discontent with ladder that right now many different levels and regions are being affected by rampant cheating. It's annoying for people who do not have a pro team/good place to practice or even just play the game for fun.
Honestly, some of my best memories of BW, believe it or not, was simply having a launcher to start the game knowing I was for the most part safe against any of this sort of thing as long as the plugin was detected running for the other person.
/plsblizzard ;~; Yeah I have to agree with this. Unless the community really gets behind a movement on anti-hack as a few NA players have been lobbying for then nothing will really change. It's honestly up to the consumer who drives their expansion rate of return prices that make Blizzard themselves make the investment for this kind of thing.Lets not forget, if Blizzard didn't want to do this there is always the concept of leaving a 3rd party source to create anti-hack DETECTION (the key word here) for the players. It is up to BLIZZARD to allow these things to be run/used if they themselves do not want to do anything about it but the bottom line is there is so many hackers/discontent with ladder that right now many different levels and regions are being affected by rampant cheating. It's annoying for people who do not have a pro team/good place to practice or even just play the game for fun.Honestly, some of my best memories of BW, believe it or not, was simply having a launcher to start the game knowing I was for the most part safe against any of this sort of thing as long as the plugin was detected running for the other person./plsblizzard ;~; Anime is cuter than you. Legacy of the Void GM Protoss Gameplay: twitch.tv/kyo7763 youtube.com/user/KyoStarcraft/
Cascade Profile Blog Joined March 2006 Australia 5405 Posts #13 As I understand, due to the p2p nature of sc2, it is essentially impossible to completely prevent maphackers in online tournaments. So at best, we can hope for blizzard to put in more effort into catching and banning hackers after they've hacked, but that is already very hard.
I guess you would need a live camera filming you and your screen as you play or something...
GGzerG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 United States 9295 Posts Last Edited: 2015-01-08 09:10:58 #14 On January 08 2015 17:57 -Kyo- wrote:
Honestly, some of my best memories of BW, believe it or not, was simply having a launcher to start the game knowing I was for the most part safe against any of this sort of thing as long as the plugin was detected running for the other person
That was really nice for the most part yes I agree, but it didn't take too long for people to hack even while running the launchers.
EDIT : I am not surprised by this at all, China is known for hackers. They should hire the Chinese to make a better Anti Hack probably. That was really nice for the most part yes I agree, but it didn't take too long for people to hack even while running the launchers.EDIT : I am not surprised by this at all, China is known for hackers. They should hire the Chinese to make a better Anti Hack probably. AKA: TelecoM[WHITE] Protoss fighting
JustPassingBy Profile Blog Joined January 2011 10465 Posts #15 Wow...
FruitsbasketCN Profile Joined August 2013 China 4 Posts #16 On January 08 2015 17:56 Wormi wrote:
i can´t dl the replays from baidu.com. another filehost plz.
http://www.filedropper.com/iavsscgoodman
Forgotten, Chinanet belong to the 'LAN network'. Forgotten, Chinanet belong to the 'LAN network'.
digmouse Profile Blog Joined November 2010 China 5165 Posts Last Edited: 2015-01-08 14:03:42 #17 It's crazy that someone actually think about cheating in WCS if this is true. Translator If you want to ask anything about Chinese esports, send me a PM or follow me @nerddigmouse.
Cascade Profile Blog Joined March 2006 Australia 5405 Posts #18 Tricky situation for blizzard I think. They must be reluctant to disqualify, and even ban, players without more proof than unnatural army movement and a history of hacking. It seems like they have to decide exactly how much proof they need before deciding to ban someone.
BreAKerTV Profile Blog Joined November 2011 Taiwan 1575 Posts #19 This is not good... I think this could be one of the worst things to happen in the history of the WCS since WCS America Season 1 2013. Twitter: @BreAKerCS. Website: breakergg.com
fruity. Profile Joined April 2012 England 1711 Posts #20 This means that Blizzard has been unable to pass a technical inspection maphack.
What do they mean by 'technical inspection map hack?'. Just that nothing was flagged by warden? Ex Zerg learning Terran. A bold move.
1 2 3 4 Next All
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
We at Mass Cast, LLC, have a passion for weightlifting that drives us to release the most innovative and revolutionized app idea in the sport of powerlifting. As proactive, dedicated weightlifters and exercise enthusiasts, we wanted to bring an application that promotes healthy competition, while developing better weightlifting skills and functionality. Our vision is to promote the sport of powerlifting on a global scale that allows users to enhance and practice their passion for weightlifting while improving overall form, strength, and performance in the gym. Now even the little guy has a chance!
Our application system is the FIRST of its kind to evaluate and rank the pound for pound strength of every active user based on personal records and overall performance. No more wondering where you stand in comparison to the world's greatest lifters. No more wondering what the strongest man and woman is able to squat, bench, or deadlift. No more lack of motivation and progression in your workout routine. Mass Cast brings the fun and competitive nature of powerlifting right to your fingertips.
In addition to our revolutionary pound for pound evaluation platform system, users now have the ability to compete privately against their friends through our groups feature. A user can compete on a team, or individually, each group, is evaluated and ranked with the winning team possessing the highest average. So get your friends, lifting partners, and teammates in on the competitive fun through our team option!
There are FIVE different types if workouts to compete in such as Bench, Squat, Deadlift, Curl and Incline Bench.
MORE WORKOUTS WILL BE ADDED FOR UPDATE 2.0
Having trouble preforming a lift? Check out the Mass Cast Tutorials and learn more about lifting properly.
It is time to build and strengthen the weightlifting community, Mass Cast gives users the ability to discover lifers all around the world. Follow, Like and comment with your competitors!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Compete anywhere at any time! Lift with users around the world! No matter where you lift you can compete. No more waiting for a weightlifting competition in your area! The real competition is right in the palm of your hands.
Creating a simple application debug tool out of an App Widget
Debug widget for Android
Most software programmers my age began their career with a program that looks similar to this:
10 Print "Frank" 20 Goto 10
Unless you and I share a first name, your program probably looked a little different.
And for those not old enough to have heard the term “supply-side” or “trickle-down”, perhaps your first program looked more like this:
public class MyClass { public static void main(String[] args) { System.out.println("Your name"); } }
Either way, we have been “printing” stuff forever.
When it comes to trouble-shooting an application printing things to the screen, or to a file, is not as full-featured as attaching a debugger to a running device, but there is a time and place for printing a simple message to the screen.
When debugging an application during development writing to the LogCat is often your best bet — and every Android programmer should make sure they are comfortable with the LogCat tool. But getting access to a small piece of information from a user who has purchased your application can be a bit trickier because they are not likely to have the Android development tools installed on their computer — if indeed they have one!
So let's move forward on the premise that it would be useful to see some small pieces of information at runtime.
We can add this functionality to many Android applications, provided they have a user interface. But what if your application is a Service or a Content Provider only? Or what if a hard-to-find problem occurs when you are sleeping during an over-night update process? Or something happens on the phone while you are in the middle of a 200 foot plunge from a bridge with a bungee-cord? You get the idea.
To meet this basic objective of seeing what is happening inside of one of our applications, let's add some functionality to our AppWidget.
In a previous post we reviewed the basics of an AppWidget. In this installment we will add some incremental functionality by building an AppWidget that can receive messages from other applications and display the message to the user.
Application Description
The AppWidget we are constructing has the capability of displaying two important pieces of information:
msg – A textual message of arbitrary composition.
sender – Which application or routine sent the message.
The ability to display a “sender” helps to distinguish the source of the message. The application may receive a message either from multiple, distinct applications and/or from distinct methods within a single application. The “sender” field is logically equivalent to the “tag” attribute found in the android.util.Log methods.
Because this widget lets us “see” into an application — sort of — it is named “LM App Eyes”.
For now, the AppWidget only displays the most recent message received. In a future post we will expand this further to show a full history of debugging messages received.
Let's have a look at the code.
The AppWidget code
The code for this AppWidget looks very similar to our previous example, however we have made some refinements to accommodate the specific functionality we are looking for.
The class has two new variables, one to hold the “sender” and one to hold the “message”:
private String lastMessage = "Waiting on Message"; private String lastSender = "";
In the onReceive() method we are now on the look-out for a particular type of Intent, namely an Intent with an action value of “com.msi.linuxmagazine.TRACEME”. If the application encounters this Intent, we need to do some additional processing.
if (intent.getAction().equals("com.msi.linuxmagazine.TRACEME")) { lastMessage = intent.getStringExtra("msg"); lastSender = intent.getStringExtra("sender"); Log.i(tag,lastMessage + " from " + lastSender); AppWidgetManager appManager = AppWidgetManager.getInstance(context); int [] ids = appManager.getAppWidgetIds(new ComponentName(context,LMAppEyes.class)); onUpdate(context,appManager,ids); }
In this code snippet, taken from the onReceive() method, we are extracting two pieces of information which were supplied as “extras” in the Intent. We'll examine how the Intent is constructed later in this article.
Once we have extracted the relevant data elements, we want the AppWidget instance(s) to update. To accomplish this we get a reference to the AppWidgetManager and obtain a list of the instantiated widgets. From here a call to the onUpdate() method causes the widget to update and show our most recent message.
public void onUpdate(Context context,AppWidgetManager appWidgetManager,int[] appWidgetIds ) { super.onUpdate(context, appWidgetManager, appWidgetIds); int count = appWidgetIds.length; Log.i(tag,"onUpdate::" + count); // we may have multiple instances of this widget ... make sure we hit each one ... for (int i=0;i<count;i++) { Log.i(tag,"Updating text view ...."); RemoteViews views = new RemoteViews(context.getPackageName(),R.layout.main); if (lastSender.equals("")) views.setTextViewText(R.id.senderName, lastSender); else views.setTextViewText(R.id.senderName, lastSender + " says:"); views.setTextViewText(R.id.lastMessage, lastMessage); appWidgetManager.updateAppWidget(appWidgetIds[i],views); } }
The Tester code
In order to get a message to our widget, we are going to employ the sendBroadcast() method from another application. For this purpose we've got a simple application named “GenericTester” — here is the code:
package com.msi.linuxmagazine.gt; import android.app.Activity; import android.content.Intent; import android.os.Bundle; import android.util.Log; import android.view.View; import android.widget.EditText; import android.widget.Button; public class GenericTester extends Activity { private int counter = 0; /** Called when the activity is first created. */ @Override public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) { super.onCreate(savedInstanceState); setContentView(R.layout.main); final Button btnSendMessage = (Button) findViewById(R.id.SendMessage); final EditText etInputText = (EditText) findViewById(R.id.inputText); // default some text here etInputText.setText("some message"); btnSendMessage.setOnClickListener(new View.OnClickListener(){ public void onClick(View v){ Log.i(GenericTester.class.getName(),"Button Clicked! " + counter); try { // setup the Intent Intent traceIntent = new Intent(); traceIntent.setAction("com.msi.linuxmagazine.TRACEME"); counter++; // store the message and the sender traceIntent.putExtra("msg", etInputText.getText().toString()); traceIntent.putExtra("sender",GenericTester.class.getSimpleName()); // shoot this off asynchronously sendBroadcast(traceIntent); } catch (Exception e) { Log.e(GenericTester.class.getName(),"Error occured [" + e.getMessage() + "]"); } } }); } }
In order for the AppWidget to receive this broadcast we must setup an Intent Filter in the AppWidget's AndroidManifest.xml file:
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?> <manifest xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android" package="com.msi.linuxmagazine" android:versionCode="1" android:versionName="1.0"> <application android:icon="@drawable/icon" android:label="LM App Eyes"> <receiver android:name=".LMAppEyes"> <intent-filter> <action android:name="android.appwidget.action.APPWIDGET_UPDATE" /> </intent-filter> <intent-filter> <action android:name="com.msi.linuxmagazine.TRACEME" /> </intent-filter> <meta-data android:name="android.appwidget.provider" android:resource="@xml/lmappeyes" /> </receiver> </application> </manifest>
Demo
To test the application, we first need an instance of the AppWidget on the home screen of the phone.
Insert Widget to Home Screen
Select the LM App Eyes Widget
Choose LM App Eyes
When the widget first loads, it is in the “waiting” stage — i.e., no messages have been received just yet.
Waiting for a message
Now, let's send some data via the testing application.
Simulate a message
We can see that the GenericTester application has sent a message!
Display a message
Further thoughts
At this point, our AppWidget is functional. However, there are a couple of features that would be nice to add:
This code updates any and all instances of the widget with the same content. It would be nice to have the choice to create multiple instances of the widget, each “tuned” into a specific sender or source.
The widget displays only the most recent message, meaning that we might have missed one or more messages depending on when we most recently observed the widget.
In future articles we will add these pieces of functionality. For now, you can download the code from the Linux Magazine Google Code hosting site.
WASHINGTON ― At around 3 in the afternoon on Monday, with much of the country yet to ease back to work, a Bloomberg reporter posted a curious bit of news on Twitter: House Republicans were considering moving the Office of Congressional Ethics under the oversight of the House Committee on Ethics.
That evening, Republicans gathered for a closed-door discussion and vote on the proposal, which had been put forward by Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) as an amendment to the rules that would govern the lower chamber for the next two years. A handful of members argued in opposition, including the Republicans' No. 2 man, Kevin McCarthy of California, but the amendment won the secret vote handily, 119-74, and became part of the full rules package.
The measure was extraordinary. It would rename the OCE to become the Office of Congressional Complaint Review. It would bar it from investigating any anonymous tips. It would block the body from moving forward on any investigation without full approval by members of Congress who oversee it, yet it would have no investigative ability to uncover evidence in order to obtain that approval. It would require the body to shut down an investigation on orders from those same members of Congress. And if the office learned of potential criminal activity, it would be barred from directly contacting law enforcement, a restriction of dubious constitutionality (and one devoid of ethics).
Then on Monday night, the public erupted at the news that the GOP had secretly nuked its own independent ethics watchdog. The debate, as it often does, initially played out on Twitter, and given such a partisan time, it was unusually lopsided against the move.
By the morning, it was front-page news on major papers, and President-elect Donald Trump, clearly observing the fury, jumped into the debate, chastising House Republicans for boneheaded timing. “With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance!” Trump suggested on his favorite medium, Twitter.
Under intense pressure, House Republicans reconvened around noon on Tuesday, and this time voted to undo what they had done. Former Ethics Chairman Charlie Dent (R-Pa.) said he voted against the amendment Monday night. “Calmer heads prevailed this morning,” he said, adding that Republican leaders had made sure to note Trump's tweeted opposition in cajoling a reversal.
Though Trump has gotten some credit for the about-face, it's more likely that he was reacting to public pressure that was already overwhelming. By the time he weighed in, condemnation had been swift and furious. “I could have told you last night when we left this would be undone,” Rep. Mike Simpson (R-Idaho) told reporters Tuesday when asked how much influence Trump's tweets had.
The about-face is significant because it is a strong signal, if one were needed, that public opinion still matters. Despite losing the popular vote for the White House and getting fewer overall votes for Senate seats than Democratic candidates, Republicans are on the verge of controlling all three branches of government, and have telegraphed their intention to ram through the most aggressive agenda possible. Tuesday's faceplant suggests less may be possible than Republicans think.
It's also important because the presidential election was characterized by a series of moments that defied political history. Remarks by Trump, whether public or privately recorded, that would have ruined any other candidate ran off his back ― or, in some cases, even gave him a boost. The disorienting campaign has led to speculation that nothing is the same in American politics. Tuesday showed that public opinion still matters.
Overreach is a common mistake made by new majorities, and one that has sunk presidents before. This time, though, it was Trump who spotted it, leaving Republicans on Capitol Hill looking weak and corrupt.
The irony is that many House Democrats privately hate the OCE just as much as Republicans do, and would have loved to see it gutted and have Republicans take the blame.
Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) was disappointed at the turnaround, saying after the Tuesday meeting the OCE has “damaged or destroyed a lot of political careers in this place and it has cost members of Congress millions of dollars to defend themselves against anonymous allegations.”
He noted that there were probably a hundred House Democrats open to reforming the way it operates. Asked if he thought they'd vote that way, he said: “Yesterday maybe. Today, after all the press? Probably not.”
The ethics office had been established in the wake of the investigation into former lobbyist Jack Abramoff, which was driven most publicly by Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). “I think [public opinion] still does [matter], especially with the low approval rating Congress has already,” he said, adding he was glad to see House Republicans reverse themselves.
One of Abramoff's lieutenants, Todd Boulanger, who did prison time as a result of the affair, said that he welcomed the assault on the OCE, but questioned the political wisdom of the assailants.
Color Chronicles: Pure Coquelicot 2018-07-21 #culture Colors mean differently for all walks of life. For this week we have coquelicot, a bright red named from the wild corn poppy. Lomography tries to understand the meaning of each complex color found in the gradient and what it means for most of us photographers. 16
Color Chronicles: A Taste of Burgundy 2018-03-15 Colors mean differently for all walks of life. The color Scarlet is no mere orange-red hybrid hue; it's a passionate, haphazardous one. Lomography tries to understand the meaning of each complex color found in the gradient and what it means for most of us. 17
Shop News A Perfect Surprise for Every Analogue Loving Enthusiast Let your loved one pick the gift of their dreams. Lomography Online Shop Gift Certificates are the perfect present for every analogue devotee on your gift list Get it in our Shop
Color Chronicles: Cool Cobalt 2018-05-05 #culture Colors mean differently for all walks of life. The color Cobalt is one of the oldest blues recorded in history. Lomography tries to understand the meaning of each complex color found in the gradient and what it means for most of us photographers. 17
Color Chronicles: Living in Viridian 2018-06-13 #culture Colors mean differently for all walks of life. The color Viridian is a certain green favored by artists for its cool and fresh hue reminding them of springtime. Lomography tries to understand the meaning of each complex color found in the gradient and what it means for most of us photographers. 14
Color Chronicles: Deconstructing "Qing" 2018-05-18 #culture Colors mean differently for all walks of life. The color Qing is a special color in China, one of the original traditional colors of the mainland. Lomography tries to understand the meaning of each complex color found in the gradient and what it means for most of us photographers. 21
Shop News Save as Much as 25% on Our Lomo'Instant Wide Cameras! Lovers of the Instax Wide format rejoice! We're dropping the price of our beloved Lomo'Instant Wide Cameras! Get as much as 25% Off on the original price when you grab yours today! Go wide and go wild with the Lomo'Instant Wide! Buy Now
Lomogon Art Lens: First Impressions by Louis Dazy 2019-02-26 #gear Meet Louis Dazy - a French photographer who lived in Paris for 10 years before relocating to Melbourne. Here, he shares his initial experience with the Lomogon Art Lens. 6
The Importance of Oscar Rejlander's Retrospective Today 2019-02-24 #news There are much that contemporary photographers can learn from Victorian-era fine art photographer Oscar Rejlander, and a retrospective exhibition at the Getty Museum in Los Angeles is about to enrich the contemporary art world. 7
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fernando Alonso is primed for his return to racing in next weekend's Malaysian Grand Prix after reportedly passing medical tests.
The McLaren driver dramatically crashed out of the testing session in Barcelona in a smash which left him with temporary memory loss.
But after sitting out of the season opener in Melbourne, Alonso will fly out to Malaysia with a view to taking part in the race weekend at the Sepang circuit, located just outside of Kuala Lumpar.
His adviser Luis Garcia Abad said: "It is private so I cannot confirm or deny it, but I have no doubts he will go to Malaysia as planned."
It had been reported by Marca and AS in Spain that their countryman had been given short and long-term memory and reflex tests in Cambridge ahead of a potential return.
In pictures - Australian Grand Prix:
The 33-year-old was keen to crack on with the tests, so he could confirm his return to the cockpit in Malaysia.
An independent board was set up by the FIA, the Formula 1's governing body, as an extra medical panel to be used as and when they were required.
It is believed that Alonso still requires further tests on his arrival to Sepang before his place on the grid will be confirmed.
One of the tests he will undergo will be an Impact test, which is a full assessment of his recovery from concussion and cognitive function.
Alonso competed in McLaren's official simulator during the week ahead of his return.
The Prime Minister's comments came as crossbench senators David Leyonhjelm and Nick Xenophon blamed Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer, rather than the government, for the fact that the carbon tax was not repealed this week. Prime Minister Tony Abbott says he is confident that the carbon tax will be repealed and his budget measures will get through despite chaos in the Senate yesterday. Credit:Ken Irwin On Thursday Mr Palmer accused the government of attempting to ''double-cross'' him over the wording of an amendment forcing companies to pay large fines if they fail to pass on savings from the carbon tax repeal to customers. PUP Senator Jacqui Lambie called for Coalition Senate leader Eric Abetz to resign, labelling him a ''disgrace''. By contrast, the Prime Minister and other senior ministers have been careful not to attack Mr Palmer and his party, with Mr Abetz saying the repeal bill failed because of a ''technical difficulty''.
''One or two days of argy bargy certainly doesn't make for a political stalemate,'' Mr Abbott told 2GB radio on Friday. ''I think it would be a mistake to see the whole of the life of this new Senate being like the past few days. ''Let's never forget that Mr Palmer and his senators were elected on a clear platform of abolishing the carbon tax, abolishing the mining tax – they essentially have the same centre right platform as the government. ''I'm confident that for all the sound and fury, for all the colour and movement in the Senate we will get the bulk of our budget savings through and that once everyone huffs and puffs we will get the carbon and mining taxes repealed.'' Asked if his government would consider calling a double dissolution election, Mr Abbott said: ''If we had six to 12 months of difficulty maybe yes it would be time to start thinking along those lines.'' Opposition Leader Bill Shorten on Friday accused the government of rushing its carbon tax repeal and causing confusion in the business community.
Mr Shorten said business leaders had told him they are concerned that any company using synthetic greenhouse gasses in their supply chain would be drawn into the penalty regime. ''Does anyone seriously think that the Abbott government gave this more than a cursory glance when they were so desperate to announce a win yesterday?'' he told ABC radio. ''This week's farce I'd put squarely at the feet of the government because they're too arrogant to be able to ever admit they have to negotiate or work out something that isn't 100 per cent want Tony Abbott wants.'' PUP says it will repeal the carbon tax only if the government accepts an amendment that would require companies that fail to pass on savings within the first year of the repeal to pay a penalty of 250 per cent of the savings to the Commonwealth. Although PUP and the government have insisted that the amendment only applies to power and gas companies, the business sector is concerned that it extends far further than this and would place huge compliance costs on industry.
The PUP amendment refers to ''an individual, a body corporate, a body politics, a partnership, any other incorporated association or body of entities, a trust or any party or entity which can or does buy or sell electricity or gas''. Australian Industry Group chief executive Innes Willox said: ''Amendments that drag in the broader business community would be unworkable and cause regulatory mayhem, particularly as so many businesses have absorbed the carbon price and not passed it on to their customers.'' Liberal Democrat senator David Leyonhjelm said he would vote against the PUP's amendment, describing it as an ''absurd regime of compliance''. ''The ACCC already has enough power without any amendments from PUP – nothing else is required,'' he told Fairfax Media on Friday. Asked about the Senate chaos on Friday, Mr Leyonhjelm said: ''This is all Clive Palmer's doing.'' He defended the performance of Coalition Senate leader Eric Abetz.
"We never saw the amendment until five minutes before we were asked to vote on it; I hadn't even read it. Luckily it was withdrawn," Senator Leyonhjelm said. Family First senator Bob Day said he had concern about the ''big and ugly penalties'' for companies that do not pass on carbon tax savings, but had not decided how he would vote on the amendment. If senators Day and Leyonhjelm vote against the amendment, the government would need the support of senators Nick Xenophon and John Madigan. Mr Xenophon said he supported the PUP amendment. ''If the government can live with it, I can live with it,'' he said. ''It won't cause regulatory mayhem if companies are passing on the savings.''
Loading Mr Xenophon said he did not approve of the PUP's tactics and said he saw no evidence the government had double-crossed Mr Palmer. Follow us on Twitter
By Fred Langa
Microsoft won't tell you this, but you can do a fast, nondestructive, in-place, total reinstallation of Windows 7 without damaging your user accounts, data, installed programs, or system drivers.
That means you may never have to do a full, from-scratch reinstall again, even when your system is misbehaving so badly that a full reformat-and-reinstall seems the only answer!
As I'm sure you know all too well, from-scratch reinstalls are ordeals. They take hours. And when a reinstallation is done, you still have to recreate all your settings, reinstall all your software, and so on. It can take days to fully recover from a total reformat/reinstall.
Windows' little known, in-place reinstall takes only a fraction of that time and effort and yet completely rebuilds, repairs, and refreshes an existing Windows installation. It leaves your other software alone (no reinstallation needed!) while also leaving user accounts, names, and passwords untouched.
When you're finished, your Windows installation is just as it was before, except that all the system files are fully repaired, refreshed, and ready to go.
When Rebecca Hayes came out to her car on Monday after shopping at the Coddle Creek Harris Teeter, she discovered a note criticizing her for parking in a spot reserved for veterans.
“This parking is for Veterans, lady,” it began. “Learn to read and have some respect.”
Hayes, a Concord resident, is in fact a veteran of the U.S. Navy.
In response, she turned to social media.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
She shared a captioned photo of the note on Facebook, beginning it by saying that though she doesn't normally use the spots reserved for veterans, Monday was a hot, busy day, and the spots were available.
She continued:
“I'm sorry that you can't see my eight years of service in the United States Navy. I'm sorry that your narrow misogynistic world view can't conceive of the fact that there are female Veterans. I'm sorry that I have to explain myself to people like you. Mostly, I'm sorry that we didn't get a chance to have this conversation face to face, and that you didn't have the integrity and intestinal fortitude to identify yourself, qualities the military emphasizes.”
She concluded by asking the author of the note, “I served, did you?”
According to a report by WBTV, Hayes believes the note was left because she is a woman and didn't fit the typical veteran stereotype in her business-casual clothes.
Hayes told WBTV that her husband, a veteran of the U.S. Army, has parked in a veteran parking spot before. However, the most feedback he has received is a “thank you for your service.”
“Veterans come in all shapes, sizes, genders and colors," Hayes said in a phone interview with WBTV.
Photo credit: Department of Defense
Few companies more actively slip PAC money into the pockets of members of Congress than Northrop Grumman. So far in the 2014 campaign cycle, the defense giant, which derives 90 percent of its revenue from the federal government, has split $1.67 million among the campaign committees and leadership PACs of 236 members of the House and 62 senators. And tucked into the just released Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014, in section 8118, Congress had something to offer Northrop Grumman: further support for the company's troubled Global Hawk unmanned aerial vehicle.
The Air Force brass has soured on the drone, in part, as Defense News reported in July, because their array of sensors and cameras are not as sharp as those of the U2 spy plane, and in part because Global Hawks can't fly in thunderstorms. Even a forecast of bad weather can scrub flights. Early in 2012, the Air Force said it not only wanted to stop ordering new versions of the UAV, used for surveillance and intelligence gathering, it wanted to mothball the copies it has — sending them to the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, which is also known as the boneyard.
Northrop Grumman, which has made billions for building the drone and wants to make billions making more, has now won another legislative mandate for the dry weather drone. Both the 2013 National Defense Authorization Act and Defense Appropriations Act ordered the Air Force to fund and use the Global Hawk. And Congress' latest omnibus yet again directs the Air Force to keep spending money on the drone, while barring it from using those funds to scrap the plane or disband the units that support it.
The company wouldn't answer questions about its PAC contributions or lobbying of Congress over the Global Hawk, but its vice president for strategic communications, Brandon R. “Randy” Belote 3d, emailed a brief statement touting the Global Hawk's abilities, adding that the firm is working closely with the Air Force to reduce its costs and improve its performance.
Defense News reported that the rainy day problem, for example, could be solved by the addition of a camera that would allow ground operators to steer the drone away from bad weather. And all it would cost the Air Force is $7 million per drone. Remediating other problems could cost many millions more. Which is part of the reason the drone's maker is so happy with section 8118.
“While the Omnibus Appropriations Bill has a few more procedural hurdles to clear, Northrop Grumman greatly appreciates Congress' continued support of Global Hawk,” Belote's statement begins.
And 298 members of Congress, no doubt, appreciate Northrop Grumman's support.
It surprises me that we've never featured the incredible digital art of Mario S. Nevado (aka Aegis Strife) here on My Modern Met. The illustrator and art director from Murcia, Spain creates larger than life surreal illustrations that all pack a strong emotional punch. His style lies somewhere between dark and surreal art and he often layers his work with serious messages that come through in both the imagery he uses and his careful choice of titles. For the photomanipulation immediately below, for example, it shows a woman covered in the majestic beauty of nature being the victim of a gun wielding man. Called Betrayal, the piece is “a take on civilization.”
“This is what we did,” Snowy writes. Notice the subtle details in this artwork including the river that flows down the woman's face like a waterfall of tears, the puckered kiss at the end of the gun and the smoke billowing from the top of the skyscrapers on the gun.
Of course, my absolute favorite is the work above called Delibertaion that shows a stunning statue in incredible distress as she's burning up from within. It's one of those pieces of art that stay with you, reminding you of just how powerful art can be.
“I try to develop a solid style using a wide range of medias, specially mixed ones,” Nevado writes. “My images try to convey an emotional impact on the viewers as they are related to everyday life issues, carrying domestic experiences to surreal, mostly dark worlds, sometimes with a grotesque approach and trying to portray ironic messages in between the lines. “
Aegis-Strife on DeviantArt
On 15th December, Douglas – the Christmas pet of seasons – comes to Solomon's Store, and everyone who owns the original, full pet of seasons gets him for free!
Douglas will be available from 00:00 UTC on the 14th of December. Note that only those with the pet of seasons unlocked before then will get Douglas for free. Just having a pet of seasons token doesn't count. Be sure to redeem it before then if you'd like to take up this offer!
Meet Douglas
Douglas is a thoroughly festive fellow – topped with tinsel and bedecked with presents. He's a companion pet, meaning he can override familiars, and comes with his own attack, special attack and defence animations. He'll be available at Solomon's for 217 RuneCoins, or 195 for members – equivalent to just one Bond.
When Douglas is released, all existing pets of seasons will be upgraded to companion pets, complete with the new animations. However, note that pets of winter, spring, summer and autumn will remain as follower pets.
Douglas is only available over the Christmas period, so be sure to get him while you can!
Merry Christmas!
We wanted to let you know about this special offer now so you didn't miss out. We're looking forward to seeing Douglas in game, spreading some festive cheer.
The RuneScape Team
Solar Power Capacity In India Tops 10 Gigawatts
November 28th, 2016 by Saurabh
India has achieved yet another milestone in its budding solar power sector.
India is now part of a handful of countries with 10 GW or more of operational solar power capacity. The announcement of this milestone came from a research firm — Bridge to India — which states that utility-scale solar power capacity has crossed 9 GW while rooftop solar capacity has crossed 1 GW.
The report also mentions that India would soon become the third-largest solar power market in the world, after China and the United States, with a huge jump expected in the annual capacity addition from next year onward.
India is expected to add 8-10 GW of solar power capacity every year from next year. While the Indian government has set a target of adding 12 GW capacity between April 2016 and March 2017, Bridge to India expects this figure to be much lower at 5 GW.
The highly skewed installed capacity among the Indian states was another aspect highlighted in the report. Seven states — Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Telangana, Madhya Pradesh and Punjab — represent 80% of the country's installed solar power capacity. These states have managed to race ahead of others due to robust policies and availability of solar and land resources.
Bridge to India predicts that growth in small-scale solar power segment would increase sharply over the coming years as states push with implementation of net-metering regulations.
While crossing the 10 GW installed capacity mark is a significant event in India's power sector, the capacity addition rate in the solar power sector remains way below what is needed to achieve the ambitious targets set by the government.
Transcript for Car Thieves' Hi-Tech Gadgets Baffle Police
It's after midnight the perfect time for these burglars to break into cars. They're not worried about getting caught they have technology that'll allow them to quietly commit the crime. Long Beach police say they've never seen anything like it. We've shown this video to experts in the field. And everybody right now news. They don't know what it is look closely at the suspect -- left he's holding a device in his left hand. It disables the car alarm and unlocks the door to an Acura TL. The suspect in a plaid shirt on the right has the same device and gets inside the Acura SUV. The burglars try to unlock a Ford Escape in a Cadillac but they don't succeed. Police say six other cars in Eldorado was states were broken -- -- on the same morning February 26. They -- jeeps there -- Mazda is I think one was BMW. And the victims -- we talked to them told us they were positive that -- the cargo doors. The homeowner had just installed the security cameras two weeks before the break in. Police say to avoid being victimized its best to make sure you don't leave any personal belongings in your vehicle even if you lock the doors. Detectives hope somebody will recognize the suspects in the video and come forward so police can find out what their -- -- -- giving them the upper hand. Reporting in Long Beach analysts McBride -- BC seven Eyewitness News.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
I am so excited that this site is a stop along Allyson Kramer's blog book tour for Great Gluten-Free Vegan Eats From Around the World: Fantastic, Allergy-Free Ethnic Recipes.
Allyson is an inspiring recipe developer, writer and author. When we talked about I might share her fabulous new book with you we both realized the perfect way was for her to write a piece for my Vegan 101 Series! You are going to love her practical advice on vegan baking and I implore you to get her new book ASAP! Great Gluten-Free Vegan Eats Around the World is the cookbook for vegans cooking for omnivore family and friends. Allyson's recipes are hearty, healthful versions of recipes that many meat-eaters remember or want. From Save the Fishies Cakes to English Cottage Pie you will feel as if you traveled the world after reading this book and your eyes will be opened to entirely new culinary adventures!
Take it away, Allyson!
An Easy—But Essential–Vegan Baking Primer
Hi everyone! My name is Allyson Kramer, and I am very excited to be guest posting on JL's fabulous site, where she asked me to share a basic primer for easy and delicious vegan baking. As a fervent blogger, cookbook author and recipe developer who specializes in vegan and gluten-free recipes, baking has become almost second nature to me, but it took a good bit of experimentation and know-how to arrive here. Over the years I have learned a ton and I am happy to share with those of you who may be new to baking a few simple, but invaluable, tricks of the trade.
I want to stress that vegan baking isn't all that different from “regular” baking; mostly it's just a matter of changing up the ingredients. However, there are many important considerations to keep in mind with baking in general, whether it be regular, vegan, or even gluten-free. Baking is a little different than cooking, because oftentimes arriving at a tasty baked treat requires a much more scientific approach—rather than shooting from the hip, so to speak. Temperatures, consistency, timing, ingredients, and technique all play an important role in a fantastic end result—it's much more than just combining ingredients and applying heat. I have been baking for over 20 years, and I am still constantly learning new methods to create better and tastier baked goods.
But baking isn't a difficult task if you follow a few standard guidelines. If you're new to baking, and you'd like to make it work for you–minus the frustration–here are a few good tips to follow:
Basic Equipment Needed
Parchment paper or silicone baking mats
Variety of mixing bowls ranging from large to small
Wire cooling rack
Sturdy long handled spoon for mixing
Spice grinder (especially handy for grinding flax and chia seeds for binding)
Sturdy plastic spatula
Rubber spatula
Baking pans and muffin pans
Measuring spoons
Measuring cups
Kitchen scale (especially handy for gluten-free baking where for weights are important)
Whisk
Sieve
Common Egg Replacers
Baking Powder Whizzed with Water: about 1 baking powder mixed with 2 tablespoons water = 1 egg
Flaxseed: grind into meal and mix with water. 1 tablespoon flaxseed meal mixed with 2 tablespoons water and left to set 5 minutes = 1 egg
Chia: grind into a meal and mix with water. 1/2 tablespoon chia mixed with 3 tablespoons water and left t set for 5 minutes = 1 egg
Vinegar: in cakes and muffins, vinegar can often be used in place of eggs as long as a rising agent is also in the ingredient list. 1 tablespoon of vinegar = 1 egg; however, don't attempt to replace more than 4 eggs at a time using this method.
20 Simple Tips and Tricks
1) Always read a recipe all the way through before starting to ensure that you have the correct equipment and ingredients on hand to complete the recipe.
2) When making muffins or cupcakes, never fill the muffin tin completely with batter, but aim for 3/4 full to avoid batter overflowing while baking and rising.
3) When baking with multiple flours, such as in gluten-free baking, be sure to whisk and sift all the flours together before incorporating into wet ingredients.
4) As you prepare batter and looser doughs, be sure to scrape the sides of the mixing bowls to incorporate all ingredients evenly.
5) When measuring out sticky ingredients, such as molasses, brown rice syrup or goopy batters, lightly brush the measuring cups with a bit of olive or coconut oil to prevent sticking.
6) Always preheat your oven at the exact time the recipe suggests it, and never attempt to skip this step (if in a rush) unless directed, otherwise your baked good will not bake evenly or correctly. Also, avoid opening the oven door unnecessarily while baking to prevent sudden temperature changes. If you'd like to check on your baked good, utilize the internal light feature on your oven.
7) When using berries, such as blueberries or blackberries, coat them in a bit of flour before folding into the batter or dough to prevent unsightly staining.
8) If you have a new oven, or one that is older, calibrate! This can be done by simply purchasing an inexpensive oven thermometer and measuring against the temperature setting on the oven. If the oven reads differently than the thermometer, you're going to need to adjust for recipes. Even 10 degrees difference can make a huge difference with a baked good.
9) Unless otherwise instructed, set your baking racks inside your oven to the center for even temperature control.
10) Use the timing guides for baked good as just that, guides. When baking cakes and muffins, I tend to rely more on the knife method: insert a flat butter knife into the center of the baked good. If when you pull it out, no batter clings to the knife, then it is cooked all the way through and is ready.
11) When baking gluten-free goodies, do not be tempted to open the oven door until the suggested baking time is up! Even a slight change in temperature can be jarring enough to break the structure of a gluten-free baked good, since there is no gluten protein to keep it strong pre-baking.
12) When greasing and flouring a pan to create a chocolate cake, use cocoa powder to “flour” the pan
13) Never grease a cookie sheet unless directed. Cookie dough can be placed directly onto an ungreased sheet for baking.
14) Pretty much all drop cookies should appear slightly under baked when first removed from the oven; at this point, leave them on the rack before attempting to remove them with a flat sturdy spatula and transfer to a wire rack.
15) When a recipe states a suggested time frame, such as 20 to 25 minutes, check on the baked good at the minimum suggested time to avoid over baking.
16) To ensure a flawless iced cake, plan to make enough icing to cover the cake twice. The first layer is called the “crumb coat” and should be applied evenly but somewhat thinly. This coat is there to trap the crumbs from the outside of the cake. Once the first layer is applied, freeze the iced cake for about 10 to 15 minutes to trap the crumbs and then ice the cake with a second layer to ensure smooth frosting application.
17) Avoid over stirring a cake, brownie, and muffin batter unless instructed in the recipe, especially when adding in ingredients at the end. Usually stirring just until mixed is all you need
18) Never attempt to frost cakes, cookies or any other baked good while still hot. Wait until the baked good is completely cool before beginning.
19) Many recipes utilize baking powder and baking soda. Make sure that yours is fresh and replace often, even if the box isn't used up completely—the quality of these ingredients can make or break a baked good.
20) Stick to the written measurements precisely, and once you've made it the suggested way, if you'd like, change up the recipe only slightly. A vast difference in flour versus liquid content can be the difference from something delectable to something inedible
Follow these basic guidelines, add a bit of practice and persistence, and you'll be an expert in no time!
Thank you so much, Allyson, for a fantastic overview of vegan baking! And congratulations on your gorgeous new book. Readers, be sure to check out Great Gluten-Free Vegan Eats Around the World!
Google's Pixel Exclusitivity Shows Why Carrier Exclusives Suck for Consumers
Writer's Note- Yes, the Pixel is available through the Google Store unlocked. However, this article is primarily targeted for those who already utilize their carrier for the Note7 and plan replace it through the carrier either through a payment plan, lease, or otherwise. In an ideal world everyone would purchase unlocked phones; however, we don't live in a ideal world.
Amidst all of the craziness of the October 4th event, one thing that stood out was Google working only with Verizon as a launch partner in the US for the new Pixel phones.
On the surface this is a good thing for Google, a manufacturer who wants to gain a foothold in the US. Verizon is still the largest carrier, and they have an excellent track record with exclusives with the long running Droid lineup still going strong. AT&T has had lackluster success with exclusives, and Sprint and T-Mobile have had next to none. It also makes sense in that Verizon is co-branding the Pixel marketing push and judging by Verizon's home page, there is a mutual benefit at play. While Google in theory stood to benefit from this push, it also is showing why carrier exclusives suck and how we all lose…
The Note 7 will likely go down in history as one of the most publicly flawed devices in years. While the Amazon Fire Phone, HTC First, and Microsoft Kin would argue otherwise, none of them have crashed and burned in such a spectacular fashion. Now that two major US carriers (AT&T and T-Mobile) have discontinued sales of the Note 7, possibly for good, many potential purchasers of the phone are left looking for an equivalent replacement. Add to that the numerous current owners that are going to return their Note 7 units, again, only to look for something similar. So what will they find? The sad fact is that most US carriers do not currently carry a late-model, large-sized, Android flagship device – the Note 7 demographic – unless you happen to be on big red. To further compound this issue is that, like it or not, most US consumers still get their devices through the carrier with the rise of no interest loans or leases, myself included. This is where Google may have played its cards wrong.
By not making the Pixel phone available to all carriers through their installment plans, Google stands to lose out on potentially millions of sales from current and future Note 7 owners. As odd as it sounds, if you want a comparable device and you are not on Verizon your choices are limited to the LG V10, the currently-unreleased and promising LG V20 (which should arrive at the same time as the Pixel devices), or the Galaxy S7 edge. While the S7 edge may still be a solid contender, some Note 7 owners may want to break free from Samsung entirely leaving them with few choices. Further, LG simply does not carry the clout or notoriety that Google, Apple, or Samsung carry making even their flagship devices feel like a step down from what consumers may have desired. Sadly this leaves many customers with few choices and at least some will flee towards the newly announced, and hard to find, iPhone 7 Plus. The market is just begging for a top tier flagship Android device to fill the large shoes the Note 7 will inevitably leave empty, and Google's brand recognition can easily make up for what it lacks in history as an OEM.
Google could never have imagined that the Note 7 would go down in history in such a fireball of failure, but it just goes to show why carrier exclusives and backdoor deals just suck for consumers. Hopefully the rumors of that exclusivity only lasting a short time pan out, even if it is a case of too little too late. Until then, I have no clue what device I will replace my Note 7 with…
So current owners of the Note7 what are you planning to do with possibly a second recall looming? Will you replace it with another Note 7, another Samsung device, or will you look elsewhere?
Newforms, part 3
Now that I've got the user-profiles application out in the wild, let's take a look at one last important feature of Django's newforms library: the ability to dynamically generate forms “on the fly” from model classes, via the helper functions form_for_model and form_for_instance . And, just as importantly, let's look at why they shouldn't always be the first thing you reach for when you need to build a form.
How model-generated forms work
We've already taken a look at how to introspect Django models using Django's own internal API s, and if you've been following along with my posts this month you're probably starting to see how the underlying pieces of the model APIs serve all sorts of useful purposes within Django (and can do the same in your own applications). This stuff is literally everywhere once you start looking for it, and the form_for_model and form_for_instance helpers are no exception.
As their names imply, form_for_model and form_for_instance are functions which take either a model class, or an instance of a model class, and return a newforms form class appropriate for accepting and validating data for that class or instance (in the case of form_for_instance , the current value of each field on the model is supplied as initial data for the form fields). So, for example, if you have a blog application with an Entry model, you can get a form for creating entries by doing something like this:
from blog.models import Entry from django.newforms import form_for_model blog_form = form_for_model ( Entry )
Similarly, you could retrieve an Entry from your database and pass it to form_for_instance to get a form class suitable for editing that entry. The exact arguments and usage are covered in the official newforms documentation, but there are at least three things you'll want to make sure you know about:
Both form_for_model and form_for_instance accept a keyword argument, fields , which should be a list of field names on the model; the resulting form class will only contain form fields for those particular model fields. The form classes they generate — and, in fact, all newforms form classes — have an attribute base_fields , which is a dictionary whose keys are the names of the fields specified on the form class and whose values are the actual Field objects. Both form_for_model and form_for_instance accept a keyword argument, formfield_callback , which lets you pass a function; for each field on the model, this function will be called and passed the model field as an argument, and whatever it returns will be used as the form field for that model field.
The usefulness of the fields argument is pretty obvious; if you know the specific set of fields you want to generate (or can retrieve their names by doing introspection on the model), you can use fields to get only the form fields you want and no others. The utility of base_fields is somewhat trickier. the primary real-world use case so far is when there are one or two specific fields you want to leave out, and you don't feel like specifying a long list in the fields argument; instead, simply delete the field from base_fields before using the form. For example, django-profiles uses this when falling back to a default form; the form generated by form_for_model or form_for_instance will include the foreign key to the User model (in a field named user ), so it just gets removed (as seen here, for example, in the profile-creation view):
if form_class is None : form_class = form_for_model ( profile_model ) del form_class . base_fields [ 'user' ]
The form class itself is generated by introspecting the model, or the model object, and building up a list of the model's fields. Each model field class “knows” what the default form field should be to represent it, and has a method called formfield() which will return that form field. Building up the list of form fields, then, is fairly easy and generally looks like this:
opts = model_class . _meta form_fields = [] for f in opts . fields + opts . many_to_many : form_fields . append (( f . name , f . formfield ()))
The fields and many_to_many attributes of the model's _meta , between them, represent all the actual database-level fields on the model, so combining them into one list and looping through like this results in form_fields being a list of tuples, where each tuple contains a field name and an appropriate form field. The default value of the formfield_callback argument to form_for_model is simply
lambda f : f . formfield ()
which means that it will get form fields corresponding to the default field types returned by the fields on the model. In form_for_instance a second model field method — value_from_object() — is used to get the initial value for the form field. This method simply takes a model object as argument, and returns the current value of that model field on that model object, which usually is as simple as calling getattr(model_obj, field_name) , but for some fields can be more complex. While this isn't actually how form_for_instance does it, you can use this in your own code to build up a dictionary of field names and values from a model instance:
opts = model_obj . _meta current_data = {} for f in opts . fields + opts . many_to_many : current_data [ f . name ] = f . value_from_object ( model_obj )
In django-profiles, this is used to build up the dictionary of initial data for profile editing regardless of whether form_for_instance is being used to create a form.
Each form class generated by form_for_model or form_for_instance also has an automatically-generated save() method which takes care of saving the model object; an explanation of how this works (and an important note about creating objects which need to have many-to-many relationships set up, as well as a way to get the model object from the form without saving it) is in the official documentation.
When generating forms is a good idea, and when it's not
The primary use case for form_for_model and form_for_instance is when you don't know in advance the model you'll be working with (and so can't define a form class ahead of time to suit it). In that respect, these helpers are a lot like the functions in Django's model-loading API; they provide a generic way to deal with models even when you don't know which models until runtime.
They're also useful when you just want a default form class to work with a specific model, or a form for a specific set of fields on that model; having a shortcut to get a form class in that case saves time and avoids needless duplication of effort (especially when you just want a form with all the same fields as the model). And that's great, and it's incredibly helpful to have these shortcuts available. The problem is that shortcuts can be too tempting sometimes.
At this point I've lost count of the number of times I've seen people spend hours, or even days, trying to hack up the form classes generated by form_for_model and form_for_instance in order to generate highly-customized forms, when writing a form class by hand to suit their specific needs would have taken maybe ten minutes. Usually it starts out innocently: you need a form to work with some model, and form_for_model or form_for_instance looks attractive because you'll “just” need to hack in one or two quick customizations to the resulting form class. But generally the customizations aren't really as easy as they seem, and rather than step back and write a custom form class to handle it, a lot of people determinedly keep hacking to try to get the result they want.
What this ends up meaning is that, aside from the two cases above — generating forms from a model class that's not known in advance, or generating a default form or one with very little customization — form_for_model and form_for_instance often lead to more work than just writing a custom form class to suit your specific situation. Let me say that again because it's very important: using the shortcuts outside of their primary use cases is often more work than writing a custom form. The newforms library goes to great lengths to make custom forms dead simple to write, and so any time you're in a situation where you'd have to stop and think for a bit to figure out how to use form_for_model or form_for_instance , you've probably already spent more time thinking than you would have written a custom form.
KUALA LUMPUR, March 7 — Thousands of people have gathered outside the Masjid Jamek LRT station here today in a highly-touted giant street rally to pressure the government to free jailed Opposition Leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim and to show discontent against perceived injustice in the country.
Praveen Nagappan, president of the Melbourne chapter of Saya Anak Bangsa Malaysia (SABM-Melbourne), addresses the #KitaLawan rally at the State Library in Melbourne March 7, 2015. — Picture by KC Boey University of Melbourne politics student Madihah Akmal speaks during the #KitaLawan rally at the State Library in Melbourne March 7, 2015. — Picture by KC Boey Demonstrators hold banners outside the Petronas Twin Towers during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Thousands march during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Reuters pic Demonstrators hold banners during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Thousands march during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Demonstrators hold banners during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Demonstrators hold banners during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Thousands march during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Demonstrators hold banners during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Reuters pic Demonstrators hold portraits of the Agong during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Thousands march during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Demonstrators hold banners during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Demonstrators hold banners during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Thousands march during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Nurul Izzah Anwar speaks to the crowd during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Reuters pic Nurul Izzah Anwar speaks to the crowd during the #KItaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Reuters pic Nurul Izzah Anwar gestures during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng Demonstrators hold caricatures during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Shaun Tan Demonstrators hold caricatures during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Shaun Tan Demonstrators hold caricatures during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Shaun Tan Demonstrators hold umbrellas as they march towards the Petronas Twin Towers during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Shaun Tan A senior rally goer revs his motorcycle decorated with PKR, DAP and PAS flags during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Shaun Tan Thousands throng the area outside the Sogo shopping centre during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Shaun Tan Thousands occupy Jalan Tuanku Abdul Rahman during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Shaun Tan Demonstrators gather for the #KitaLawan rally outside the Masjid Jamek LRT station in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Syed Jaymal Zahiid Demonstrators hold a banner outside the Masjid Jamek LRT station during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Syed Jaymal Zahiid Demonstrators shout slogans outside the Masjid Jamek LRT station during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Syed Jaymal Zahiid Demonstrators gather for the #KitaLawan rally outside the Masjid Jamek LRT station in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Syed Jaymal Zahiid Previous Next
Most are wearing black T-shirts that spell out the name of their hashtag movement, #KitaLawan, while others read “Rakyat Hakim Negara (People are the country's judge).”
Under the exhortations of their leaders, the demonstrators have been raising their voices in a deafening cry of “Kita lawan, kita lawan (We fight, we fight)”, drawing the attention of passing pedestrians and motorists, some who respond with honks in what appears to be a show of support.
The demonstrators also hold up banners with diverse messages; one featuring Anwar's face, reads: “When dictatorship is a fact, revolution is a duty”.
The rally-goers look to be from all walks of life with some from out of state to join in the gathering.
One woman and her 70-year-old mother told Malay Mail Online that they had travelled from Yong Peng, Johor.
“We are here to show the government that they can't just do anything they want. It's important to show them that we will speak up. It's not necessarily about Anwar,” said the woman who declined to be named.
Several opposition politicians later stood on an elevated makeshift stage to address the crowd that ballooned after 3pm, including PKR Youth chief Nik Nazmi Nik Ahmad and DAP federal lawmaker Anthony Loke.
“Despite all the threats made against us, we as Malaysians know our democratic rights and we are not afraid of their threats,” he said.
Thousands march during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng
The police had yesterday warned the public against taking part in the rally, saying the organisers had not followed the conditions laid down in the Peaceful Assembly Act, though they stopped short of calling it illegal.
Loke, who spoke next, sought to raise the crowd's spirits further in the absence of the charismatic Anwar and pointed to the senior PKR leader's daughter as the next in line to carry the torch.
As if on cue, Nurul Izzah Anwar, the Opposition Leader's eldest daughter and a second-term MP for Lembah Pantai, then stepped up.
“We said we will march. We will. We will fight on!” she said to roars from the crowd now numbering in the thousands before leading them towards the Sogo shopping complex on Jalan Tuanku Abdul Rahman, where they are to converge with other groups.
The demonstrators poured onto the road, mingling with the cars and foot traffic, singing their “Reformasi” anthem to the tune of the “Saints go marching in”.
Broadcasts from speakers, mounted on the back of several pick-up trucks, punctuated the festive air as the procession made its way forward.
Police presence along the route appeared minimal with only six officers spotted by Malay Mail Online.
The police, however, appeared to have blocked off the roads leading to that area, which helped ease the passage for the demonstrators to occupy the main Jalan Tuanku Abdul Rahman-Jalan Campbell intersection outside Sogo.
Nurul Izzah Anwar gestures during the #KitaLawan rally in Kuala Lumpur March 7, 2015. — Picture by Saw Siow Feng
And then, the rain came, but the demonstrators looked unperturbed by the afternoon shower as they turned onto Jalan Sultan Ismail and continued their march towards the Petronas Twin Towers in the city centre.
As they reached the intersection of Jalan Kia Peng and Jalan Ampang just outside the Kuala Lumpur City Centre (KLCC) shopping complex, Nik Nazmi told the crowd that their rally today was a success.
According to the Selangor deputy assembly speaker, their crowd size which he estimated to be 10,000-strong, reflected the support of the people for Anwar and the Pakatan Rakyat (PR) federal opposition pact.
“I would like to congratulate everyone because we have succeeded in marching here... this shows that the rakyat are fed up and that they want change,” he said, from his spot on the back of a pick-up truck.
The Seri Setia assemblyman described today's mammoth rally as the “rise of the people” to bring down the Barisan Nasional government.
Another PKR leader and Batu MP Chua Tian Chang had said that the opposition will plan more rallies in the future following today's success.
“This is not the end. They will see more of us,” he said.
Last month, the Federal Court upheld the Court of Appeal's 2014 ruling that had reversed Anwar's acquittal of sodomising former aide Mohd Saiful Bukhari Azlan, and sentenced the Permatang Pauh lawmaker to five years' jail.
Anwar remains MP and federal opposition leader until his royal pardon petition is decided as provided for under Article 42 (4)(centre) of the Federal Constitution.
In his social media posts Valdet Gashi painted a pleasant picture of life with ISIS. Alongside photos of him rowing a boat or eating a banana were status updates extolling his idyllic new existence. The reality seems to have been somewhat different for the 28-year-old who was reportedly killed on June 27th.
Gashi had previously claimed that his job was akin to that of a policeman, patrolling an area close to the Turkish border and searching for smugglers. However on June 21st his upbeat posts came to an abrupt end with a message announcing he would be saying “Bye Bye” to facebook.
A week later Gashi would be dead. Given that ISIS members have in the past inadvertently given away strategic military locations with social media posts it is possible that the group instructed the former Muay Thai fighter to stop updating his facebook page because he was being sent to the front line.
Isis has a sophisticated online strategy which is designed to appeal to potential recruits. Gashi's status as a Muay Thai champion might have meant he was given a comparatively cushy job to begin with so that he could present a more glamorous picture of the Islamic State lifestyle to his social media friends and followers.
This is all speculation but the date of Gashi's death was confirmed by his brother according to German news website SRF. He leaves behind a wife, who converted to Islam in order to marry him, and two young children in Thailand while his parents were reportedly distraught by their son's decision to start a new life in Syria.
Gashi had previously posted on facebook that he was “helping” not “fighting” and was not involved in "hostilities." It's possible that on June 21st he was thrust further into active combat. ISIS is fighting hard to regain lost territory in Northern Syria with new Western recruits often sent straight to the front line.
Or Gashi could have found himself on the wrong end of an air strike like one of the Kurdish Muay Thai fighters he had been training with at a gym in Switzerland with strong ISIS connections. It's unlikely we will ever know the full facts surrounding his death but it seems the 28 year didn't even manage to survive a single year in Syria.
Check out these related stories:
ISIS Is Training Its Recruits in Their Version of the Octagon
German Muay Thai Fighter Valdet Gashi Has Joined ISIS in Syria
[image-36]
A planet may be causing the star it orbits to act much older than it actually is, according to new data from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory. This discovery shows how a massive planet can affect the behavior of its parent star.
The star, WASP-18, and its planet, WASP-18b, are located about 330 light-years from Earth. WASP-18b has a mass about 10 times that of Jupiter and completes one orbit around its star in less than 23 hours, placing WASP-18b in the “hot Jupiter” category of exoplanets, or planets outside our solar system.
WASP-18b is the first known example of an orbiting planet that has apparently caused its star, which is roughly the mass of our sun, to display traits of an older star.
“WASP-18b is an extreme exoplanet," said Ignazio Pillitteri of the Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica (INAF)-Osservatorio Astronomico di Palermo in Italy, who led the study. "It is one of the most massive hot Jupiters known and one of the closest to its host star, and these characteristics lead to unexpected behavior. This planet is causing its host star to act old before its time.”
Pillitteri's team determined WASP-18 is between 500 million and 2 billion years old, based on theoretical models and other data. While this may sound old, it is considered young by astronomical standards. By comparison, our sun is about 5 billion years old and thought to be about halfway through its lifetime.
Younger stars tend to be more active, exhibiting stronger magnetic fields, larger flares, and more intense X-ray emission than their older counterparts. Magnetic activity, flaring, and X-ray emission are linked to the star's rotation, which generally declines with age. However, when astronomers took a long look with Chandra at WASP-18 they didn't detect any X-rays. Using established relations between the magnetic activity and X-ray emission of stars, as well as its actual age, researchers determined WASP-18 is about 100 times less active than it should be.
“We think the planet is aging the star by wreaking havoc on its innards,” said co-author Scott Wolk of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The researchers argue that tidal forces created by the gravitational pull of the massive planet – similar to those the moon has on Earth's tides, but on a much larger scale – may have disrupted the magnetic field of the star.
The strength of the magnetic field depends on the amount of convection in the star, or how intensely hot gas stirs the interior of the star.
“The planet's gravity may cause motions of gas in the interior of the star that weaken the convection,” said co-author Salvatore Sciortino also of INAF-Osservatorio Astronomico di Palermo in Italy. “This has a domino effect that results in the magnetic field becoming weaker and the star to age prematurely.”
WASP-18 is particularly susceptible to this effect because its convection zone is narrower than most stars. This makes it more vulnerable to the impact of tidal forces that tug at it.
The effect of tidal forces from the planet may also explain an unusually high amount of lithium found in earlier optical studies of WASP-18. Lithium is usually abundant in younger stars, but over time convection carries lithium to the hot inner regions of a star, where it is destroyed by nuclear reactions. If there is less convection, the lithium does not circulate into the interior of the star as much, allowing more lithium to survive.
These results were published in the July issue of Astronomy and Astrophysics and are available online.
NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, manages the Chandra program for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts, controls Chandra's science and flight operations.
An interactive image, podcast, and video on these findings are available at:
http://chandra.si.edu
For a preprint of the study results in The Astrophysical Journal, visit:
http://arxiv.org/abs/1406.2620
For more Chandra images, multimedia and related materials, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/chandra
-end-
Detox products sell an incredibly alluring idea. Have a few indulgent days over Thanksgiving or Christmas? Just use a tea, drink a juice, take a supplement and look as fresh as Gwyneth Paltrow — no exercise or surgery required.
The truth is unless you're a heroin addict or you're at risk of alcohol poisoning, you probably don't need a “detox.” Here's why.
The idea can be traced all the way back to the Garden of Eden: Almost as soon as we were created, we ate a toxic apple. Since then, perhaps to atone for this original sin, many of us have fallen prey to the idea that we are full of nasty, usually nebulously defined toxins in our bodies and we need to get rid of them to be purer, cleaner, and lighter.
Look back to ancient Egypt: Physicians thought that toxic substances could be produced in people's bodies (particularly within feces), caused disease, and needed to be expelled. This idea — called “auto-intoxication” — persisted, according to the medical journal the Lancet, and even microbiologists believed it through the past century. By the early 1900s, however, our understanding of physiology evolved, and scientists sent auto-intoxication “to the dustbin of medical history,” according to the Lancet.
Before you succumb to this incredibly appealing notion, you should know that the idea of using some product to “detox” is nonsense. But this hasn't stopped clever marketers from selling the idea that we can become, somehow, less toxic by using special products.
You can find this video and all of Vox's videos on YouTube. Subscribe for the latest.
Autocomplete for Angular.js applications with a lot to complete
Details
Dependencies Angular, Angular-Sanitize Size 12.2kb, 4kb minified Bower bower install angular-mass-autocomplete NPM npm install angular-mass-autocomplete
Directive
mass-autocomplete - Auto complete container. Maintains the suggestion box.
mass-autocomplete-item - Attached to an input. Requires ng-model and mass-autocomplete.
Usage
{{ $index }}: {{ cb }}
HTML
<html> <head> <script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.2.16/angular.js"></script> <script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.2.16/angular-sanitize.js"></script> <script src="massautocomplete.js"></script> <!-- Optional --> <link href="massautocomplete.theme.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"> </head> <body ng-app=app> <div ng-controller=mainCtrl> <div mass-autocomplete> <input ng-model="dirty.value" mass-autocomplete-item="autocomplete_options"> </div> </div> </body> </html>
Javascript
var app = angular.module('app', ['ngSanitize', 'MassAutoComplete']); app.controller('mainCtrl', function ($scope, $sce, $q) { $scope.dirty = {}; var states = ['Alabama', 'Alaska', 'California', /* ... */ ]; function suggest_state(term) { var q = term.toLowerCase().trim(); var results = []; // Find first 10 states that start with `term`. for (var i = 0; i < states.length && results.length < 10; i++) { var state = states[i]; if (state.toLowerCase().indexOf(q) === 0) results.push({ label: state, value: state }); } return results; } $scope.autocomplete_options = { suggest: suggest_state }; });
Motivation
MassAutocomplete was created as part of a new project that required auto completing a lot of input fields.
Most existing auto complete implementations (1, 2) are wrapping the input field and appending a suggestion box along with several watches. This is fine as long as you want to auto-complete only one or two inputs. But, when there are several dozen inputs, the memory, DOM and watch count will start to bloat and that might impact performance.
A different approach
MassAutocomplete was implemented with a different approach in mind. Instead of attaching the suggestion box to each input field, we use transclusion to maintain only one box for the entire document. This approach guarantees that additional input fields will not require additional DOM or watches for the purpose of the auto complete.
MassAutocomplete does not provide filtering, linking, ranking or sorting. Generating the suggestions is left to the application.
Comparing implementations
We performed a comparison between mass-autocomplete and the popular ui-typehead.
The results are here.
Examples
All examples in this section are using just one mass-autocomplete container.
Kitchen Sink
Complete example including highlighting and fuzzy matching. Searching and ranking using Fuse.js.
Try inserting sauth or rod iland or gorgia.
var fuzzySearch = new Fuse(states, { shouldSort: true, caseSensitive: false, threshold: 0.4, }); function fuzzy_suggest(term) { if (!term) return []; return fuzzySearch .search(term) .slice(0, 10) .map(function (i) { var val = states[i]; return { value: val, label: $sce.trustAsHtml(highlight(val, term)) }; }); } $scope.ac_fuse_options = { suggest: fuzzy_suggest };
Highlighting
function highlight(str, term) { var highlight_regex = new RegExp('(' + term + ')', 'gi'); return str.replace(highlight_regex, '<span class="highlight">$1</span>'); }; function suggest_state_with_highlight(term) { if (term.length < 2) return; var suggestions = suggest_state(term); suggestions.forEach(function (s) { // In real life you should reuse the regexp object. s.label = $sce.trustAsHtml(highlight(s.label, term)); }); return suggestions; }; $scope.ac_option_highlight = { suggest: suggest_state_with_highlight };
Delimited
function suggest_state_delimited(term) { var ix = term.lastIndexOf(','), lhs = term.substring(0, ix + 1), rhs = term.substring(ix + 1), suggestions = suggest_state(rhs); suggestions.forEach(function (s) { s.value = lhs + s.value; }); return suggestions; }; $scope.ac_option_delimited = { suggest: suggest_state_delimited };
Custom formatting
function suggest_state_as_tag(term) { var suggestions = suggest_state_delimited(term); suggestions.forEach(function (s) { s.label = $sce.trustAsHtml( '<span class="badge">' + s.label + '</span>' ); }); return suggestions; }; $scope.ac_option_tag = { suggest: suggest_state_as_tag };
Using the selected object
No tags selected.
Select a tag from the auto complete menu using the keyboard or mouse. {{tag}} $scope.tags = []; function add_tag(selected) { $scope.tags.push(selected.value); // Clear model $scope.dirty.selected_tag = undefined; }; $scope.ac_option_tag_select = { suggest: suggest_state_as_tag, on_select: add_tag };
Remote source
function suggest_state_remote(term) { var deferred = $q.defer(); // Fake remote source using timeout $timeout(function () { deferred.resolve(suggest_state(term)); }, 500); return deferred.promise; } $scope.ac_option_remote = { suggest: suggest_state_remote, on_error: console.log };
Passing objects
Selected Object {{ selected_user | json }} var users = [ {name: 'Haki', joined: '2 months ago', email: 'Haki@email.com'}, {name: 'Ran', joined: '2 days ago', email: 'Ran123@ac.org'}, {name: 'John', joined: 'a week ago', email: 'JJ@gmail.com'}, {name: 'Mary', joined: 'Yesterday', email: 'Mary@yahoo.com'}, {name: 'Charlie', joined: 'Just now', email: 'Charlie@msn.com'}, {name: 'Rebecca', joined: 'Yesterday', email: 'Becky@mail.com'}, {name: 'James', joined: '3 months ago', email: 'James@inbox.com'} ]; function suggest_users(term) { var q = term.toLowerCase().trim(), results = []; for (var i = 0; i < users.length; i++) { var user = users[i]; if (user.name.toLowerCase().indexOf(q) !== -1 || user.email.toLowerCase().indexOf(q) !== -1) results.push({ value: user.name, // Pass the object as well. Can be any property name. obj: user, label: $sce.trustAsHtml( '<div class="row">' + ' <div class="col-xs-5">' + ' <i class="fa fa-user"></i>' + ' <strong>' + highlight(user.name,term) + '</strong>'+ ' </div>' + ' <div class="col-xs-7 text-right text-muted">' + ' <small>' + highlight(user.email,term) + '</small>' + ' </div>' + ' <div class="col-xs-12">' + ' <span class="text-muted">Joined</span>' + user.joined + ' </div>' + '</div>' ) }); } return results; }; $scope.ac_options_users = { suggest: suggest_users, on_select: function (selected) { $scope.selected_user = selected.obj; } };
Reusing options
Enter states:
<div ng-repeat="i in n_array(n) track by $index"/> <input type="text" placeholder="Select State" ng-model="dirty.state[$index]" calc-autocomplete-item="ac_option_highlight"> </div>
Options
mass-autocomplete=options debounce_position(150) Debounce in ms for repositioning suggestion box on window resize. debounce_attach(300) Debounce in ms for attaching input after focus.
Prevents unnecessary positioning when quickly jumping between inputs using tab . debounce_suggest(200) Debounce in ms for calling suggest.
Useful for remote sources and to suspend suggestions while user is typing. debounce_blur(150) Debounce in ms for detach on blur.
Determines the amount of time in milliseconds before losing focus as a result of selecting from the menu until detach is invoked. mass-autocomplete-item=options_name suggest(term) Receive a string and return an array of suggestions. Each suggestion must contain value - Text to display in the textbox.
- Text to display in the textbox. label - String or trusted HTML to display in the suggestion box. The label is bound using ng-bind-html - to bind raw html use $sce.trustAsHtml() . The return value is an array of objects or a promise that resolves to an array of objects. The object is passed to the on_select callback so additional properties can be used. on_attach() Callback fired when the user focuses a field. on_select(selected_item) Callback fired when the user select an item from the suggestion box. on_detach(current_value) Callback fired when the input field is blurred. Useful for purging caches. on_error() Callback fired in case suggest() fails. auto_select_first (false) Auto select the first option in the suggestion box. massAutoCompleteConfigProvider position_autocomplete(container, target) Called on attach to position the ac container relative to the target input. Some use common use cases when a custom positioning function might be desired: The AC container should be fixed positioned. You wish to use external libraries to position the element (such as jquery). The default positioning function is not sufficient and adjustments cannot be made using only css. generate_random_id(prefix) Used to generate random Id's starting at `prefix`. Id's are generated mostly for accessibility needs.
It's very unlikely you will need to change this function. DEBOUNCE Set default debounce globally.
Default values are: position = 150
= 150 attach = 300
= 300 suggest = 200
= 200 blur = 150
CSS
The suggestion box template
<div class="ac-container" ng-show="show_autocomplete && results.length" style="position:absolute;"> <ul class="ac-menu"> <li ng-repeat="result in results" ng-if="$index > 0" class="ac-menu-item" ng-class="$index == selected_index ? 'ac-state-focus' : ''"> <a href ng-click="apply_selection($index, $event)" ng-bind-html=result.label> </a> </li> </ul> </div>
We recommend adding backface-visibility: hidden; and transform: translate3d(0, 0, 0); to .ac-container to limit the paint area to that of the suggestion box. See massautocomplete.theme.css for the complete CSS.
Accessibility
The implementation was inspired by the dojo project implementation of autocomplete. It is also recommended to include ngAria for the built-in aria support (mainly for ng-show/ng-hide).
The following markup is used to accompany assisting technology:
<input id="ac_element_XXXXXX" ng-model="dirty.value" mass-autocomplete-item /> .... <div class="ac-container" aria-autocomplete="list" role="listbox" aria-labelledby="ac_element_XXXXXX" aria-activedescendant="ac_item_XXXXX" ng-show="show_autocomplete"> <ul class="ac-menu"> <li ng-repeat="result in results" class="ac-menu-item" role="option" id="ac_item_XXXXX" ng-class="..."> <a href ng-click="..."></a> </li> </ul> </div>
Keyboard
Eric L. Watts, the former director of Star Trek programming for Dragon*con who was replaced by Garrett Wang for 2010, sent out a press release today announcing the creation of the TrekTrax Atlanta convention. It is scheduled for February 18-20, 2011 at the Holiday Inn Select Perimeter in Atlanta, Georgia.
This isn't entirely unexpected, as Watts was essentially running a full Star Trek convention within Dragon*con for the past 17 years.
The full press release is below, which details guests and pricing.
Announcing: TrekTrax Atlanta!
ERIC L. WATTS & THE USS REPUBLIC NCC-1371
proudly present
TREKTRAX ATLANTA
The NEW Star Trek Convention in Atlanta, dedicated to Star Trek in all its various forms… and to its fans, in all their various forms!
TrekTrax Atlanta is brought to you by a talented team of experienced and hard-working Star Trek fans whose previous service to local fandom is very well-known.
Presidents' Day Weekend — February 18-20, 2011
Holiday Inn Select Perimeter
4386 Chamblee-Dunwoody Road, Atlanta GA 30341
Confirmed guests and participants to date include:
• A very special Celebrity Guest of Honor to be announced soon!
• Cast members from the Internet-based Star Trek series “Starship Farragut”
• Melissa Carter, Fan Guest of Honor: Co-host of morning radio program “The Bert Show” on Q100 and out and proud Star Trek fan
• Brian Holloway: Special Make-Up F/X Supervisor for Star Trek: Phase II will direct the costuming track and offer programming from his breadth of experience with costuming production and numerous conventions
• Lee Cox: Costuming expert, makeup artist and magician will offer a variety of costuming and makeup panels of interest to a broad cross-section of attendees
• Andrew Greenberg: Star Trek computer game and role-playing game designer
• Joel P. Bagby, LPC: The first of a panel of professional counselors who will discuss extreme fanatism
• Hyperdrive: Atlanta-based rock band comprised of science fiction/fantasy geeks
• Keela, Katkith and K'Blamm: Hosts of “Klingon Karaoke,” a longtime programming favorite at conventions throughout the Souitheast
Three concurrent tracks of programming—OmniTrek, Qo'Nos and The Ready Room—will be dedicated to the Star Trek universe in general, the Klingon Empire in particular, and costuming & makeup together. Three concurrent 24-hour gaming rooms—The Holodecks—will be devoted to role-playing games, board games and card games. A 24-hour video room will feature episodes of several well-known Internet-based Star Trek series, a variety of Star Trek-related TV specials, programs featuring Star Trek celebrities and of course, the ever-popular blooper reels!
A Star Trek-themed “Evening at Quark's” on Friday night will include a charity poker tournament to benefit TrekTrax Atlanta's official charity for 2011, the Melissa Carter Transplant Fund. This fund benefits organ transplant candidates and supports transplant nurses throughout Georgia. Sci-fi rock band Hyperdive, a local favorite, will perform sets of live music with a nod to Star Trek fans throughout the evening. A very special VIP Reception will also be held on Friday night.
Saturday's programming will feature an on-stage Q&A hour with our celebrity guest of honor (to be announced), followed by an autograph session until every member is served. Later in the afternoon, men and women from every species are invited to compete in our first annual Star Trek Universe Costume Contest. On Saturday evening, we'll turn the hotel's entire atrium into a nightclub for the return of “Happy Hour at Ten Forward,” an event that has become legendary in local Star Trek fandom. Hot dance music will be provided by DJ B-Naut.
Sunday afternoon will feature the return of the world-famous Miss Klingon Empire Beauty Pageant! Klingons from the farthest reaches of the Empire will be in high spirits and large numbers for this “crowning” event. Then cap off a full weekend of Klingon programming with Keela & Katkith's Klingon Karaoke with musical performances that will stir a warrior's heart and bring honor to your house!
Throughout the convention, be sure to stop by our well-stocked con suite!
CHARTER MEMBERSHIPS
Available until August 31, 2010: $30.00
These special introductory Charter memberships will only be available for a short time and memberships will never be offered online at this price again.
PREREGISTERED MEMBERSHIPS
September 1 to December 31, 2010: $40.00
January 1 to February 11, 2011: $50.00
Online registration closes on February 11.
AT THE DOOR
Friday or Saturday check-in: $60.00
Sunday check-in: $40.00
Single-day memberships not available for Friday or Saturday.
GUARDIANS OF FOREVER
This very special membership package includes: one free convention t-shirt every year, forever; front-row seating at all ballroom events, forever; access to all VIP receptions, forever; one free autograph from each celebrity guest, forever; a special ribbon for your con badge identifying your membership status, forever; additional benefits as they are announced. Guardian of Forever memberships are available for $500.00.
SUPPORTING MEMBERSHIPS
Can't attend the convention but still wish to support us? Purchase a Supporting Membership for only $20.00. We'll send you a con badge and program book after the convention is over.
FOR MORE INFORMATION, TO REGISTER AND TO BOOK YOUR HOTEL RESERVATION, PLEASE VISIT OUR WEB SITE
http://www.facebook.com/l/0c336;www.trektrax.org
FIND US ON FACEBOOK
http://www.facebook.com/pages/TrekTrax-Atlanta/120122338015280
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
http://www.facebook.com/l/0c336;twitter.com/TrekTraxAtlanta
JOIN US FOR OUR ROOM PARTIES AT
TimeGate, Saturday, May 29, 2010
http://www.facebook.com/l/0c336;www.timegatecon.org/
Sci-Fi Summer Con, June 12, 2010
http://www.facebook.com/l/0c336;sfscon.tripod.com/
Students from UCL, Goldsmiths, Roehampton and the Courtauld Institute to withhold more than £1m from institutions in protest at soaring rates
More than 1,000 students across London are taking part in a rent strike, withholding in excess of £1m from their universities.
The rents are a form of “social cleansing” in the capital that exclude poorer students, they claim.
Organisers say the strike is the largest of its kind by students.
The National Union of Students is backing the strike and calling on universities to provide affordable accommodation and ensure fair access for every student. They say that London students involved in the action will be touring campuses around the UK next term so that other students can hear from them and consider similar campaigns.
Students from four universities are taking part in the current strike: University College London (UCL), Goldsmiths, Roehampton and the Courtauld Institute. A Cut the Rent campaign has been launched.
All the students refusing to pay their rent risk eviction from their accommodation. The rent payment deadline at Goldsmiths, where approximately 300 students have pledged to withhold rent, was Monday of this week. The deadline at UCL is Friday and more than 700 students there have pledged to withhold rent. Dozens of students at Roehampton and Courtauld Institute are also withholding payments.
Students have complained not only about unaffordable rents but also about poor quality accommodation. Last year UCL paid out £400,000 in compensation to students for rat infestations and noise pollution.
A UCL spokesperson admitted there had been some problems with the quality of accommodation and said that surpluses generated from student rents were being spent on improvements.
Students have complained about the rent increase since 2010. The UCL spokesman admitted that rents have risen by more than 40% since 2010 but said this was below market-level increases across the capital. He rejected the demand to cut rents by 40%, saying it would make accommodation provision unsustainable for the university.
Anabel Bennett, a UCL student and Cut the Rent spokeswoman, called on her university to enter serious negotiations with students and meet their demands for an immediate rent cut.
Joe, a student at Goldsmiths, said: “Three hundred students at Goldsmiths are on strike because of impossible rents and unacceptable conditions in halls. Many are increasingly being put off studying in London because rental costs are just too high. We believe universities, wherever they are, have a duty to make sure money isn't a barrier to education.”
One lecturer at Goldsmiths, who asked not to be named, warned that the high cost of student rents in London was having an alarming impact.
“This issue is infecting every aspect of student life,” she said. “Students who qualify for maximum student loans are working two or three jobs, some up to 40 hours per week. They are not showing up for lectures, especially in the mornings, and we have lecture rooms half-empty. Some have been working in catering industry jobs until around 5am and are simply too exhausted to study. The whole thing is affecting our capacity to teach.”
Shelly Asquith, NUS vice-president with responsibility for welfare, said: “NUS fully supports the actions of the students on rent strike and the wider campaign for fair rents. If a national rent strike for affordable student housing were to happen, the union would support it 100%.”
The UCL spokesperson said: “The cost of living in London is a challenge for the university as a whole.”
He added that 30% of UCL rents are being reduced by a small percentage or frozen at current rates for 2016-17.
A Goldsmiths spokesperson said the university tries to keep rents as low as possible, has some of the lowest student rents in London and is freezing rents on more than 100 rooms for the next academic year.
In an effort to cut costs and reorganize a large swath of its workforce, 21st Century Fox is looking to reduce staff overhead by $250 million in the coming 2017 fiscal year that begins in July. The media giant is initiating a voluntary buyout program for U.S. employees at the Fox Networks Group and 20th Century Fox film studio.
“As we position 21CF for the future, we want to ensure our organization remains agile and structured to fully capture the many opportunities ahead of us. With this we are looking across our film and television businesses to transform certain functions and to reduce costs. As part of this process, which is in its early stages, today some colleagues from Fox Networks Group and 20th Century Fox will be offered a generous benefit package if they opt to voluntarily leave the company,” 21st Century Fox said in a statement.
Some employees were to receive buyout offer today asking for resignations by May 23, 2016. Fox did not specify a headcount target but at $250 million it would presumably be expected to cover hundreds of staffers, probably most of them senior-level. As news of the offers spread across the Century City lot, sources said the packages were indeed generous for longtime employees.
Related Read the Memos to Fox Staff on Major Film, TV Cuts
One source familiar with the company's operations said the bulk of the staff reductions would likely come from the television unit, though Fox's film studio would also absorb reductions, most likely from the home entertainment and distribution operations, as more customers get programs via the Web.
“The film side has been a mature business and fairly lean compared to other studios,” said the source, who declined to be named while discussing sensitive internal matters. “TV in general has been an expanding business, with international channels and cable. I think they are starting to hit the wall in terms of growth. You will see more of a major overhaul on that side.”
The reductions appeared to be timed to fall before Fox reports earnings on Feb. 8, with the insider saying that the conglomerate may fall short of projections.
The cost-cutting initiative came about after a structural review of Fox's U.S. operations and a recognition that the TV and film industries are changing dramatically. Sources familiar with the situation said Fox Networks chairman/CEO Peter Rice has been studying better ways to deploy resources in people in the various network and studio units that fall under his purview. The Fox broadcast network in particular has been through a rocky road in the past few years of declining ratings and shifting viewing habits, yet the network's organizational structure is little changed from decades past.
News of the buyouts came as the Fox network was celebrating the triumph of Sunday's live three-hour telecast of musical “Grease Live.” The production was much-praised for its daring technical gamble and infectious enthusiasm, which brought a big demo ratings windfall and 12.2 million viewers.
In his memo to staffers, Rice noted the “Grease” success and the Fox network's improvements with other new shows so far this season but said the reorg's time had come.
“It is important, however, that we organize ourselves for tomorrow rather than resting on the laurels of today, and the best time to do that is when we are in a position of strength,” Rice wrote.
20th Century Fox chairman and CEO Jim Gianopulos also sent an email to employees, reassuring employees in the film division. “If we structure our organization for the media world ahead of us,” Gianopulos wrote, “we will continue to thrive and make 20th Century Fox a stronger and more agile company going forward.”
The two executives assured employees that all of the job reductions would be voluntary. But the insider said that, if the $250 million target is not reached, “there will be a Plan B. And that will be layoffs.”
James Rainey contributed to this story.
Set for the 18th of February, the presidential, as well as parliamentary and local council elections in Uganda draw near and the candidates enter their final days of campaigning. In his 30th year in power, the incumbent Yoweri Museveni strives to be re-elected for another term in office. Despite the fact that there is little hope in a victory of the opposition, emotions are running high and the campaign rallies have been attracting huge crowds throughout Uganda. Below are the reasons why Ugandan people are paying attention to these elections and why they matter.
Ostensibly, the upcoming elections do not seem to differ much from previous ones. A Research World International survey predicts that 51% would vote for Museveni while Besigye would gather 32% and Mbabazi 12% of the votes[1]. At worst, Museveni could be forced into a second voting round, but he will very likely govern Uganda for another term.
Not only will the results of the elections reflect previous ones, but Museveni's strategy to ensure his victory also follows the same patterns. Intimidation of the opposition, high levels of corruption, patronage and the creation of new constituencies in highly competitive areas are not new to Uganda. After the 2011 elections, the EU Election Observation Mission concluded “the power of incumbency was exercised to such an extent as to compromise severely the level playing field between the competing candidates and political parties”.
Anticipating corruption and vote-rigging, the opposition, though optimistic it has sufficient support among the population, has little hope in a victory. However, there are reasons why the elections might not be as meaningless as they look.
Increasing fragmentation of the NRM
Apart from smaller controversies, Museveni's position in the NRM remained uncontested for a long time with his decisions largely rubber-stamped by NRM MPs, the majority in Parliament. For several years now, however, divisions within the ruling party have been increasing. The first NRM primaries in 2010 allowing party members to elect candidates, led to chaos as the elections were widely seen as fraudulent and rigged. Frustrated losers thereupon threatened to withdraw their support to Museveni. Another important dissent within the ruling party emerged in relation to to the discovery of oil in Western Uganda when MPs from the NRM challenged Museveni over oil money and corruption and blocked further oil deals in 2011.
From the seven candidates that are competing against Museveni in the upcoming elections, Kizza Besigye, candidate for the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) and Amama Mbabazi are the main opponents. While the former has been unsuccessfully running against Museveni since the 2001 elections, Museveni faces in the upcoming elections with Mbabazi a contestant emerging from his own party the National Resistance Movement (NRM). As a potential contender for president, Mbabazi was sacked as Prime Minister in 2014. After early aspirations to compete with Museveni for presidential nominations in the NRM, he declared in July 2015 to run as an independent candidate.
The rival candidacy of Mbabazi and the high number of ex-NRM candidates – now nominated as independent candidates and standing against official NRM flag-bearers in the parliamentary and local council elections – underlines the growing division within the NRM. Most of the 1102 out of 2124 candidates who are running for a mandate as Independents, are former party members who have lost the heavily contested NRM primaries and protested against their irregularities.
The increasing fragmentation of the NRM and the proliferation of independent candidates should make it increasingly difficult for Museveni to govern the country. Already in the last legislature, Michaela Collord describes it as an “unusually rebellious legislature”, Museveni had to make an effort to content MPs who have increasingly expected favours from the executive to approve laws and help to manage their debts. Both diminish his ability to exert control.
The paradox is, however, that Museveni retains control also about a bulk of independent MPs. The current President, who had introduced a multi-party system only in 2005, could be returning to the way of governing under the ‘movement system' of the early NRM when political parties were not allowed and MPs were operating without party structures.
The elections as a generational confrontation
Uganda has one of the youngest populations in the world: 69.63% are under the age of 24, almost and 80% are younger than thirty. This demographic situation puts new constraints on Uganda's economy with labour markets not strong enough to absorb the vast number of job seekers. Youth unemployment makes up 83% of the total unemployed population in Uganda. While in 2013 the general unemployment rate in Uganda was 3.75 %, youth unemployment was over 6%. Even with the best degrees and university education, young people hardly find a job.
In addition, many young Ugandans believe that their country actually has sufficient resources and that the main problem lies in an unfairly distribution and widespread corruption. Combined with the job-gap, this perception further fuels grievances.
That dissatisfaction with the government and a quest for change are mainly located within the younger population is also based on the fact that the youth has neither experienced any other leader than the incumbent nor is linking Museveni with political and economic improvements. The 1986 generation, in contrast, still credits Museveni with his reforms in earlier years and the resulting economic upswing.
Given the growing politicisation of the Ugandan youth, the various candidates have been targeting them specifically and with apparent success: young people are actively involved in campaign rallies and, on social media, young people are widely discussing the elections. Echoing youth's discontent, the opposition made “Change” their slogan for the electoral campaign. Most notably, Besigye is promising a transformation and democratisation of Uganda.
Use of social media, increased political participation and the contesting of a long serving President echo what happened in Senegal and Burkina Faso. In these two countries, politics became a generational confrontation between old and autocratic presidents and the democratic aspirations of youngpeople.
However, it remains questionable to which extent the politicisation of the youth in Uganda will lead to a further democratisation of the regime. Although currently mobilised, there is little confidence of the youth in the electoral process and the motivation to change the ruling system is displaced by the feeling that the “election remains just a formality and will not make any change for the betterment of the vulnerable citizens” (reports the founder of an NGO in Northern Uganda).
In addition, the current high involvement in politics and campaigning is also based on individual purposes. A Ugandan journalist explains “the reason is quite simple. Politics is the biggest employer in a country where the majority are young”. Accordingly, Angelo Izama reports “politics offers one of the few avenues in Uganda for economic opportunity”.
In both cases, a highly mobilised youth comprises certain risks: if their grievances are not addressed, the youth might no longer see politics as a medium to seek change. As a consequence, this high politicisation could turn into violence. A social worker from Kitgum points out to the “the possibility of serious violence […] if what they expect is not met”.
Putting stability at stake: the dangerous game with fears of (post-)electoral violence
Museveni's takeover in 1986 was an important turning point. After a troubled past, economic growth and relative peace were gradually established in Uganda.
Nevertheless, elections have remained occasions that are accompanied by violent confrontations mainly during campaigns but sporadically also in the post-electoral periods. This pattern does not seem to change: the current electoral process has been accompanied by the intimidation of journalists, particularly in rural areas, the use of excessive force by the police to disrupt peaceful opposition rallies and arbitrary arrests. Moreover, there have been assaults carried out by the communal volunteer policing forces called “crime preventers”.
Afraid of renewed economic decline and instability, voters might decide to support Museveni who seems to be increasingly exploiting such sentiments to maintain power. The creation of the ‘crime preventers' and reports, claiming that NRM members exaggerate their numbers, fall under this appraisal.
Yet, by increasing the tension and the fear of a violent quarrel, Museveni (and the opposition) are playing a dangerous game. In a country, where actually relative security is given, stability suddenly seems to be at stake. In this tense atmosphere, incidents such as the disappearance of the head of Mbabazi' security team could trigger violence.
Interesting is going to be how the opposition, mainly Besigye and his supporters, will react to a defeat. In contrast to 2001 and 2006 elections, when he tried to challenge the results in the Supreme Court[2], he might repeat his reaction from the last elections and might take protests to the streets. Besigye has indicated that “This time we will not allow them to steal our votes. They think they will rig elections and Besigye goes to court but I will not allow”.
Time-consuming politics at home: how do regional responsibilities fit in?
Under Museveni, Uganda developed as an important regional power and as a close ally of the West. In addition to supporting peacekeeping missions including AMISOM in Somalia, Uganda has been deploying troops in neighbouring countries such as in South Sudan and the Central African Republic. Museveni also enjoys negotiating power in the region: in 2015, he has been appointed mediator in the Burundian conflict by the East African Community (EAC).
But internal politics could narrow Uganda's regional influence since insecurity and possible violent confrontations would interfere with Uganda's regional responsibilities. Even now, Museveni is not able to meet his obligations as mediator in the Burundian crisis due to electoral campaigning at home and this is a cause of frustration within the EAC, the African Union and with the USA.
Although Museveni's victory is not at risk, the elections as well as current political developments are not meaningless. They show the deepening of the growing generational gap between the young generation seeking change and mainly elderly people who see Museveni as a guarantor of peace. Moreover, it is highly important to address the grievances of the youth to secure long-term stability in the country.
Much will therefore depend on the extent to which future governments will find solutions to the main concerns of the youth and to which Museveni will be willing to hand over power. In 2021 Museveni will be 75 years old. He would have to change the Constitution again to be able to run for another term.
Camilla Klein.
[1] There might be a considerable distortion of the poll results due to a lack of adjusting for regional variation in voter turnout, differences between rural and urban constituencies as well as bribery and intimidation which could lead to unreliable results
[2] Although confirming irregularities, the Supreme Court saw them as not sufficient to alter the results of the elections.
Last semester, I was responsible for more than one existential crisis, I fear.
If you've followed this blog for any period of time, you know that I don't only enjoy confusing my students, I feel that it's essential to their education. I believe that disorientation requires re-orientation and that is what learning is all about. My post about the Bernard Malamud story “Angel Levine” should explain what I mean.
Another essential element in the alchemy of education is, of course, curiosity. In fact let's call it Curiosity, with a capital C. It where education begins (and possibly ends).
The crises I set in motion were related to an assignment I gave my freshmen. I asked them, in short, to be curious about their surroundings. I assigned a paper in which students were to write about their own campus. It is their temporary home after all, so I thought it was appropriate that they thoughtfully consider what the experience means. They were to choose a single place on campus, and it could have been any place, to analyze. I wanted them to consider the location of their chosen space and its prominent features.
My hope was that they would pause at particular spot and observe, noticing how the space functions. Who has access to it? What pragmatic goals does it serve? And most importantly, what kind of person is the space supposed to create? This is the question that caused all the ruckus.
The difficulty was simply that my students had never considered that spaces might be supposed to do anything. To many of them, places are strictly constructed to walk over or sit in. My asking them to find meaning in their built environment was paramount to Jesus asking the Rich Young Ruler to sell all his possessions.
My students' difficulty with the assignment (and thus me) is not unique. For so many people, it's unnatural to think with any depth about how places shape our desires and conceptions of ourselves. To me, this is apparent in the mad rush toward online learning and things that are, for some reason, called “MOOCS” (no, Bubble Boy, not the Moors). My good friend Danielle Nielsen is currently writing about her experiences with these things at her excellent blog http://dnielsen2.blogspot.com/. I wish her all the luck in the world and am I enjoying reading her updates.
Education as Baptism
The idea behind this distance-learning initiative suggests, whether intentionally or not, that education is as simple as the transference of information. It denies the possibility that education might instead be a special immersion in a specific environment to create and expand a student's experience. I use the term “baptism” loosely, but I think it works as a metaphor for what I'm getting at. Just as the devotee is submerged (in some traditions) and emerges a new person, the student immerses him or herself in their chosen institution, an act which will ideally change them for the better. Becoming is, therefore, a spiritual experience.
In the act of destroying the physical campus, the movement toward distance in education destroys this spiritual aspect of higher learning as well. And, ironically, the e-learning philosophy bears remarkable similarity to my students view of campus space. Both physical space and education itself are simply landscapes to be traversed, not experiences to be savored.
Jeff Selingo recently defended the campus experience in an insightful article that I hope you will take the time to read. His sentiments echo my own. I fear that in the rush to provide information to students, we are too willing to ignore their humanity. What is passing for education is really merely credentialing for industrial purposes. Education is something different than that.
Education, like humanity itself, is about becoming. This means that it's every bit as spiritual a process as it is technical. It therefore extends beyond the information transmitted in the classroom and out into the campus space. Yes, we learn who we might be by studying the facts of George Washington's life, but we are also offered visions of our potential selves by the spaces in which we abide. Take City College of New York, for instance:
This magnificent campus was built to educate New York's poor and decidedly un-privileged (Bernard Malamud is one prominent example out of many). In fact, it was so much thought of as a place for the children of the city's Jewish immigrants that CCNY was jokingly said to stand for Circumcised Citizens of New York.
Yet take some time to experience the details of its buildings and plazas. This is a campus space that values its students and their potential. Notice the promise the design offers the working-class student. The Gothic design immerses the urbanite in an educational tradition that extends through the ages, forcing them out of their immediate environment, backwards through history. By walking these halls and sitting in this plaza, students are placed in virtual conversation with the best that's been thought and said. Great architecture is access to something currently out of reach, and this campus grants that access.
Also, note the prominence of the windows. Their size and sheer number certainly bring light into CCNY's classrooms, but they also narrow the distance between the learning going on inside the classroom and the experiences of life outside. It's as if students are encouraged to understand that the things they learn in these rooms are meant to be permanent and portable. This empowers education and suggests that there is a future to be forged outside these walls. It screams “Be Something Great.”
I have only emphasized architecture in this reflection, but the social is equally vital in the college experience as Selingo articulates in his article. Human beings are social by nature, for better or worse. By occupying physical spaces with other people, networks are possible. Long-lasting, meaningful friendships can be forged. Mentoring that passes down a tradition of wisdom is available. Education can be, at its best, deeply and broadly imagined. Students can be encouraged to become in a way that distance-learning simply cannot replicate.
Or I suppose that efficient, cost-effective, and icy cubicles will work just as well.
I'd love your opinions about this, so please share them either here or, even better, on the Arnoldian Project Facebook page (link is to the left of the page). Do your experiences match my mushy idealism? How much hot air am I full of?
If Jimmy Kimmel wanted Republicans to care about his son's plight, he should have shoved him back inside his mother. Duh, Jimmy!
716 SHARES Share Tweet
WASHINGTON, D.C. — Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Bill Cassidy (R-LA) are trying to shepherd their Eleventh Hour, hail Mary healthcare legislation through a Senate that, despite their party having the slimmest of majorities in, has not proven to be a reliable theater for victories that their party can claim. The Graham-Cassidy bill is the latest and probably last attempt by the GOP to torpedo and replace the Affordable Care Act, known more commonly as Obamacare. President Donald Trump campaigned last year on a platform of racism, xenophobia, and repealing Obamacare, a cocktail of promises that proved to be the winning formula.
However, since being sworn in, and despite the Republicans holding the reins on all three branches of federal government, their own healthcare proposals have been received so universally poorly — conservatives complaining that it doesn't roll back enough of Obamacare and liberals claiming it rolls back too much — that public pressure reached a fever pitch and they've been defeated. Senator John McCain (R-AZ) helped deep-six his own party's hopes when he returned to D.C. from the Mayo Clinic in Arizona to cast the deciding “No” vote on the last attempt to “repeal and replace” Obamacare.
Graham-Cassidy has received similar push back as the last Republican effort. One voice in opposition in particular, late night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel, has been publicly sparring with Cassidy because he says the senator came on Kimmel's show and lied to him. A few months ago, Cassidy told Kimmel that he wouldn't vote for any bill that didn't pass the “Jimmy Kimmel” test, which he said was inspired by the plight of Kimmel's infant son, who has required two open-heart surgeries before his first birthday and will need many more than his life progresses.
Kimmel has spent much of his monologue time this week pummeling Cassidy for lying to him, because he says that Graham-Cassidy doesn't do any of the things that Cassidy swore to Kimmel he'd have to have in order to support any legislation. Namely, Cassidy said that any plan to replace Obamacare needed to be free from lifetime coverage caps and protect those with pre-existing conditions. Graham-Cassidy allows states to allow insurance carriers to charge much higher premiums to people with pre-existing conditions, thereby likely freezing them out of coverage. The bipartisan Congressional Budget Office has not and will not have a chance to score the bill before it goes before the Senate for a vote, sometime next week.
Mr. Kimmel's son has become a rallying point for progressives. President Trump himself weighed into the debate on Cassidy's side, attempting to defend his honor. This morning, Cassidy and Graham issued a statement on the situation, calling on Kimmel to end his attacks on the bill and “come to grips” with the fact that if he wanted his son to get sympathy from Republicans he'll have to “shove that kid back up his mama's baby chute.”
The full text of Graham and Cassidy's statement follows, below.
James' newest satirical compilation is out now and available from Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and soon at WalMart.com.
While Senators Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Bill Cassidy of Louisiana understand that Mr. Jimmy Kimmel's emotions are running high — like the Beta Male Cuck he is — he is not an expert in the medical field. Senator Cassidy is a doctor, and he believes with all of his hard as coal heart that taking healthcare away from tens of millions of people is what's best for them. What good is healthcare if it means that super rich people have to pay four or five cents more per dollar in taxes? It's commie bullshit, is the answer to the question, fam. Furthermore, we call on Kimmel to cease his endless attacks on our perfect, glorious bill that literally no one knows how it will impact the healthcare market. Yes, for years we lied to our constituents about how Obamacare was rammed down our throats at midnight without any input from Republicans, when the reality is that over a hundred hearings were held and Republicans offered dozens of amendments. But it's different now that we're actually trying to do that very same thing because “reasons” and also “MUH SOCIALISM IS BAD!” As good, clean, ammo hoarding, gun toting, Christofascist American patriots, we have nothing but sympathy and love for all Americans. But moochers are terrible human beings and as Jesus Christ himself once said, “Fuck the poor,” or something to that general effect. The bottom line here is very simple. We care. We care deeply about babies. Just not once they're born. So if Jimmy Kimmel wants Republicans to have sympathy for his baby, he needs to get up off his libtard ass, which we know is hard for libtards, and shove that kid back up his mama's baby chute. GOD BLESS AMERICA, GOD BLESS US, AND GOD BLESS THE REPUBLICAN PARTY –Sen. Lindsey Graham (SC) and Sen. Bill Cassidy (LA)
Star Wars Micro Machines (1994 – 2002) were one of the top-selling Star Wars toys of the 1990s. Galoob (and Hasbro) included numerous little ships, figures, playsets, and other items in their Star Wars Micro Machines line, and after a long slumber, that line has returned with Star Wars: The Force Awakens! In this series of articles, we'll take a closer look at some of the most memorable toys from the line. In part two of this look back, we'll be revisiting four different sub lines from the classic trilogy. They will bridge the gap between the vehicles discussed in part one and the playsets to be featured in future installments.
Figure Packs
The figure packs of Star Wars Micro Machines played an important part in the line. Although the playsets contained several figures, the amount wasn't enough to fully populate all sets or even create your own micro armies. The figure packs were a simple and brilliant solution that solved that issue. Galoob released 15 figure packs, each containing nine small figures. Most of the packs contained four differently sculpted figures of which three were packed twice and one was packed three times, making a total of nine. All the packs were offered on blister cards, but several designs have been used throughout the years of production. The original four sets were decorated with art of the different figures, but a more generic package would be provided for the other sets. The last sets appeared on an orange card with a stormtrooper photo. The back of the cards showed the other available figure packs.
The original four sets were the Stormtroopers, Ewoks, TIE pilots and Rebel Alliance pilots (in orange flightsuits). The Ewoks are especially noteworthy since Galoob made an additional effort to make them look really different. The Ewok figures still shared similar poses, but each one was colored differently. The next three sets were also troopbuilders: Jawas, Imperial Officers, and Echo Base Troopers. All were great additions, especially the tiny Jawas (to populate the Tatooine playsets) and three Imperial Officers in combat armor.
The next figure set was different, since it contained eight heroes and one villain. This was a rather unlucky release since all of those figures had been previously released with playsets. The figures were Darth Vader, Obi-Wan ghost, Leia (A New Hope), Chewbacca, Han Solo (A New Hope), R2-D2, C-3PO, Yoda, and Luke in his Bespin fatigues. Consequently, Galoob released another set of the same figures, but this time with new micro figures, including Leia Bespin, Luke(A New Hope), and Obi-Wan (Tatooine).
The next five sets would once again consist of troopbuilders: Imperial Troopers (Death Star Troopers), Rebel Fleet Troopers, Tusken Raiders, Endor Rebel Strike Team, and Imperial Scout Troopers. These two last sets have become very difficult (and expensive) to find these days. Next to the two heroes / villain sets, there was yet another figure pack that contained individual characters. The Bounty Hunters set included new figures of Boba Fett, Bossk, Dengar, IG-88, Zuckuss, 4-LOM, Boushh, Greedo, and Snoova from Shadows of the Empire. Galoob also released some vehicle and figural gift packs that included exclusive figures (Rebel pilot, TIE pilot, the Emperor, Ackbar, Royal Guard, Han Bespin …).
The figure packs are one of the greatest additions to the Micro Machines line because they allowed fans to collect many figures easily. You had the option to make your armies as large as you wanted them to be. The figure packs offered army soldiers that weren't included in other sets (Rebel Endor Strike Team, Rebel Fleet Troopers, …). The packs with individual characters had figures with new poses and even exclusive characters that couldn't be found somewhere else (Dengar, Zuckuss, etc.).
Shadows of the Empire
In 1996 Lucasfilm created Shadows of the Empire, a multimedia project set between The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi. It was meant as a crossover licensing test for The Phantom Menace and also to bridge the time until the arrival of the Special Editions. Many licensees produced Shadows of the Empire items and Galoob jumped aboard as well with three sets that contained a mix of micro figures, vehicles, and ships from Shadows. They were packed in nicely decorated blister cards with artwork of Drew Struzan. The back of the cards showed the other sets in the interesting Shadows subline that featured a lot of figures and ships that were never included elsewhere.
Pack I: Darth Vader, Guri, ASP droid, IG-2000 and Stinger.
Pack II: Prince Xizor, Emperor Palpatine, Virago and Swoop with driver.
Pack III: Luke Skywalker, Dash Rendar, Leebo, Outrider and Hound's Tooth.
Epic Collections
The Epic Collections were a similar subline that mixed figures with vehicles and ships (with plastic stands) that appeared in Expanded Universe novels from the Bantam era. They were packed in a very original manner that looked like a little book with a window box containing the toys. They even had a summary of the novel where the little toys had appeared in and the back showed the other available Epic Collections. There would be a total of six Epic Collections, but the last three are considered very rare and they are extremely difficult to find since there weren't released in the US.
Heir to the Empire: Wedge Antilles, Mara Jade, Grand Admiral Thrawn, Imperial-class Star Destroyer, and Lady Luck.
Jedi Search: Moruth Doole, Admiral Daala, Kyp Durron, TIE interceptor, and Sun Crusher.
Truce at Bakura: Gaerial Captison, Dev Sibwarra, Bluescale, TIE fighter, Flurry, and Shriwirr.
Dark Apprentice: Lando Calrissian, Exar Kun, Dorsk 81, Viper probot, B-wing starfighter, and Tafanda Bay.
Dark Force Rising: Palpatine, Borsk Fey'lya, Garm Bel Iblis, Scimitar class assault bomber, X-wing starfighter, and Coral Vanda.
The Courtship of Princess Leia: Leia Organa, Prince Isolder, Gethzerion, AT-ST, Mon Remonda, and Hapes Nova Battle Cruiser.
Mini Transforming Playsets (Mini-Heads)
The Mini Transforming Playsets were a rather late addition (1996) to the Micro Machines line. Basically, they were miniature versions of the larger transforming playsets with a small head of a character that could be opened to reveal a micro scenery and a micro figure of the character itself. Each set consisted of three mini-heads and three figures. Like the other sets in this article, they were packed on blister cards, this time featuring a photo of Yoda. The first four sets were released internationally, but the last five sets (packed on orange cards) can be pretty hard to track down since they weren't released in the US. The mini-heads were also released in larger gift sets and two of them included an exclusive mini-head: one of C-3PO and one of Darth Vader. Luckily for US fans Pizza Hut acquired some of the later released mini-heads to give away as premiums in plastic bags in 1998.
It's very interesting to see the choices Galoob made for these mini-heads. Out of the 29 mini-heads, only a handful are from really important characters (Yoda, Vader, C-3PO, Jabba, Boba Fett) while the others are secondary characters (Greedo, Nien Nunb, Bib Fortuna) or even characters with a limited amount of screentime in the classics (4-LOM, Duros). The micro-heads can be displayed in closed or opened position. In their opened position, each head features a special spot where you can place the micro figure in a beautifully sculpted microscopic environment from the movies. Nien Nunb, the TIE pilot, and the AT-AT driver can be found in their cockpit, several aliens visit the cantina and the bounty hunters stand on the bridge of the Executor with their colleagues. A minor issue with the mini-heads is that they can't be displayed in an upright position without support.
The Mini-Heads are a very cool subline of the Star Wars Micro Machines, with several characters that were never found in other sets (Weequay, Wampa, etc.) and with miniature transformable heads of many different characters.
Collection I: Boba Fett, Admiral Ackbar & Gamorrean Guard.
Collection II: Nien Nunb, Greedo & Sand People.
Collection III: Jawa, Yoda & Boushh.
Collection IV: Bib Fortuna, Figrin D'an & Biker Scout.
Collection V: Bossk, Duros & Stormtrooper.
Collection VI: 2-1B, Weequay & Emperor's Royal Guard.
Collection VII: 4-LOM, Luke X-wing pilot & Snowtrooper.
Collection VIII: Wampa, Wicket & TIE pilot.
Collection IX: Salacious Crumb, Jabba the Hutt & AT-AT driver. Exclusives: C-3PO & Darth Vader.
Appendix: After the publication of part one of this series, I was contacted by Luis Ortega. Luis was the winner of a 24 kt solid-gold Micro Machines Millennium Falcon given away in a contest in Star Wars Insider # 26 (1995). Luis reminded me of the several great contests that Galoob organized and the one that he won — which was certainly worth mentioning. Twenty years later, Luis still has his unique Micro Machines Millennium Falcon!
Special thanks to Jad Bean and Luis Ortega.
Selected reading: jadbean.com (pictures), fb.me/StarWarsMicroMachines, Star Wars Insider #26 and #31, Official Galoob website (defunct).
Tim Veekhoven (Sompeetalay) from Belgium is president and co founder of TeeKay-421, the Belgian Star Wars fanclub. He has contributed to Star Wars Insider, to the Build the Millennium Falcon magazine, and has created character names and backstories for What's the Story? and Rogues Gallery.
A Second Look: 'Being John Malkovich' is a surreal mind trip
The 1999 Spike Jonze-directed story of people seeking 15 minutes of an ultimate fan fantasy is a riff on modern celebrity culture.
Piling one improbability onto another, the scenario could have been conjured through the surrealist process of automatic writing. Craig, a frustrated puppeteer played by John Cusack, lives with his animal-loving wife, Lotte (an unrecognizably dowdy Cameron Diaz), in a messy New York City apartment-cum-menagerie. Responding to a want ad calling for "fast hands," he finds a job as a file clerk on the claustrophobic 71/2 th floor ("low overhead") of a midtown office building and falls hard for his sarcastic, emasculating co-worker, Maxine (Catherine Keener).
Kaufman's first screenplay, a brain-twisting amalgam of Jorge Luis Borges and Franz Kafka, "Alice in Wonderland" and Andy Warhol, establishes his signature tone: at once cerebral and playful, a kind of intellectual slapstick. It also announces his central theme: "Consciousness is a curse," goes one of the first lines, more or less summing up the obsessions of"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" and "Synecdoche, New York."
Thirteen years on, "Being John Malkovich" — which the Criterion Collection is releasing on DVD andBlu-raythis week — has lost none of its lunatic charm. While first-time viewers are likely to be dazzled by the film's ambition and inventiveness, repeat encounters only underscore its self-assured, straight-faced poise.
One of the greatest first films in all of American cinema, "Being John Malkovich" (1999) introduced audiences to Spike Jonze and Charlie Kaufman, two of the most distinctive voices in contemporary movies. A mad scramble of surrealist tropes and philosophical ideas, it marked the acme of Hollywood's passing interest in existentialist postmodernism, which manifested itself through the '90s in such meta-movies as"Groundhog Day,""The Truman Show" and"The Matrix."
Poking around behind a filing cabinet one day, Craig happens upon an opening that sends him whooshing through time and space and into the head of John Malkovich (playing himself); the visitor inhabits the actor's point of view for 15 minutes (reading the paper over breakfast, taking a shower and drying off) before being ejected onto the side of the New Jersey Turnpike. Maxine sees the discovery as a cash cow and starts charging admission (her sales pitch: "Ever want to be someone else?"). For Lotte, who also becomes smitten with Maxine, the experience of being Malkovich is so transportive it's the first step to sexual reassignment surgery.
Before "Malkovich," Jonze was known for some of the period's most inventive music videos (for the Beastie Boys, Bjork and Fatboy Slim), and the film confirmed that his talent for sustaining a high concept could be extended to feature length. Jonze has a gift both for loosening up his performers and for getting them in sync with his fine-tuned absurdities. Not least among the pleasures of "Malkovich" is watching such skilled comic actors as Keener and Diaz play against type — though an amazingly game Malkovich outdoes them all, offering several versions of "Malkovich," a subtle caricature of his own persona and as a hapless vessel occupied by invading forces.
The premise is, of course, ripe for complication: What happens when more than one person tumbles down the rabbit hole, or when Malkovich enters his own portal? As it progresses, though, the film doesn't just get nuttier but also thematically denser.
A story of alienated souls seeking 15 minutes of an ultimate fan fantasy, if not exactly fame, "Being John Malkovich" is most obviously a riff on modern celebrity culture. But the first-person view from inside Malkovich also puts a supernatural spin on virtual-reality immersions and broaches the great mystery of human subjectivity. And amid the erotic complications that link Craig, Maxine, Lotte and Malkovich is a funny, strange, one might even say progressive view of sex, gender and physicality, involving lovers who make assignations that involve an unwitting host body ("See you in Malkovich in one hour").
While "Being John Malkovich" is unmistakably Kaufman's brainchild, it's unlikely that another director could have given it the right deadpan treatment. Jonze articulates Kaufman's big ideas with the necessary light touch, but he's also just the kind of miniaturist who can bring the screenwriter's wackier incidental ideas to vivid life: a nightmare vision of a world full of Malkoviches; a flashback from the point of view of a chimp; the lovingly spot-on films-within-the-film (a corporate video explaining the apocryphal origins of the 71/2 th floor, an A&E-style TV biography on Malkovich's career).
The movie's underlying anguish creeps up on you. By the time it ends, with Malkovich subject to a new form of possession and Craig trapped in a new vessel, the existentialist comedy has turned pitch-black, the longing to be someone else having merged with a yearning for immortality.
calendar@latimes.com
U.S. President Donald Trump intends to huddle with top technology executives in early June to discuss ways to modernize the federal government, a White House official confirmed today.
The gathering is part of a new effort called the American Technology Council, commissioned by Trump in an executive order signed this morning. The group aims to bring leading government officials together with Silicon Valley's top minds in order to “transform and modernize” the aging federal bureaucracy “and how it uses and delivers information.”
The White House declined on Monday to share a list of tech executives it had asked to attend its planned June meeting. But sources familiar with the Trump administration's thinking told Recode that the president's team had reached out to companies like Apple, Amazon, Cisco, Facebook, Google, IBM, Intel, Oracle, Salesforce and SpaceX. Many of those companies joined Trump's so-called tech summit in New York City last year.
This time, it is not clear who, if anyone, those tech giants plan to send to Washington. Nearly all of them did not comment for this story. Only Oracle confirmed that CEO Safra Catz, who advised Trump during his transition into office, intends to participate. IBM CEO Virginia Rometty also appears likely attend, according to a source.
Leading the new council will be Chris Liddell, a former Microsoft executive tapped by Trump in the early days of his presidency specifically to work with the private sector, a White House official said.
Liddell will help direct a team that includes cabinet secretaries and other senior aides, including the government's chief technology officer. But the council appears likely to kick off its work without many tech experts actually at the table, as Trump hasn't nominated a CTO — and has left a number of other key federal science and technology posts vacant.
Trump isn't the first sitting U.S. president to look to Silicon Valley in an attempt to bring government into the digital age. His predecessor, former President Barack Obama, similarly launched efforts like the U.S. Digital Service, which the administration billed at the time as a “startup at the White House” that sought to pair tech experts with federal agencies that needed help.
For Obama, transforming Washington for the digital age proved a gargantuan task, and for Trump, it's sure to be even more difficult. The added challenge for him: Growing unpopularity in the very part of the country where government is trying to solicit tech expertise in the first place.
Whenever the industry's executives have tried to advise the president, they've been met with fierce protest in liberal-leaning Silicon Valley. A number of frustrated IBM employees drafted a petition criticizing Rometty, for example, after she huddled with Trump in December. Embattled Uber CEO Travis Kalanick faced a similar backlash from his employees, leading him to pull out entirely from the first meeting of Trump's other business advisory board. Most recently, a Silicon Valley investor even pledged a $2 million national advertising campaign to get Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk to stop helping the White House.
Axios first reported some details of Trump's plans.
The Kray brothers are an intrinsic part of London's pantheon of infamous historical figures. They occupy the murky territory of gangster-land in which the urban mythology and the brutal reality of their many killings have become synonymous with old school East London and the Swinging 60s of the West End. Almost everything about the twins in shrouded in myth and mystery, but one of the facts we know for sure is that one of the Kray brothers, Ronnie, was openly gay.
Our scheduled interview for the film is with director Brian Helgeland, but towards the end, Tom Hardy strolls in unexpectedly. A welcome gatecrasher...
How did you research a project that involved so many urban myths and filter the facts out?
I read almost every book and they all agreed about certain things, so I cross-referenced them all and took what factual events we could roughly be sure of, such as the well-known killings. I spoke to his contemporaries at the time, former gangsters and old friends, and even Barbara Windsor.
Really?!
She dated the third brother who I didn't have the luxury of the time to portray in a film. She talked about how fun and exciting it was to be around them.
And all the facts pointed to Ronnie being openly gay?
That was the case as far as all the research I did, we didn't push it one way or the other. And being gay was against the law in 1965. Someone said to me, "He was a gangster, so it was OK." But if you think being a gangster and saying you're gay makes it easier, I don't think you know too many gangsters.
Why do you think he was so open?
I think he has a weird honesty. He was much more honest than [his brother] Reggie, who lived one life for this person, and another life for that person. Ron was much more what you see is what you get.
Was that because of his mental health issues?
It never struck me that way, why he was so upfront about everything. You just knew where you stood with him. Whereas with Reggie you didn't quite know what he was thinking. I don't know if that honesty's related to Ron's illness or not, or if that's his character. I think the illness more affected his moods.
Do we know what he suffered from?
They say paranoid schizophrenia, which is often triggered by a severe health issue. A lot of people trace Ron's issues back to when he had diphtheria at around three-years-old. He almost died, and it was probably that which brought it on.
How did you filter the facts from the myths?
It's hard to boil two people's lives down to two hours, but the thing with the Krays is it's so awash with tabloid history, in which all the newspapers want something outrageous and crazy. And then there are the other stories, that they were modern Robin Hoods helping old ladies across the street. So, they're either saints or sinners. Movies, especially in the last ten years or so, everyone's either good or evil, and that to me is really dull and false. I tried to find what the middle was and embrace the contradictions and tried to get that across.
I guess to find their humanity?
Yeah, that's the key word in a way, because it doesn't mean you're forgiving them and saying it's cool for Ron to kill Cornell. Sometimes it's just portrayed as this mindless act, but when you understand what went on with those two guys, it's harder to judge them.
As a gay person, it's interesting for me to see a multi-faceted gay man on screen especially when other previous films on the Krays have only hinted at his sexuality.
Well, it's because its compelling in a way, it's interesting, it makes him a fuller, richer person and it's true, so it wasn't a hard decision.
How did Tom Hardy react to playing the character in that way?
He likes to stay away from stereotypes because it's just not interesting to play. It was interesting because Ron was openly gay and tough. It was also important to show Ron's crew, like Mad Teddy, that they work for him and they're not on the same footing. You judge Ron by how they act around him.
There are also claims that Ron and Reggie had an incestuous relationship.
To me that's part of the tabloid nature of the history around them. I just look at it from a journalistic point of view, there's only two people in the world that know if it's true, and that's Reg and Ron. I don't see Reg and Ron running around saying "Yeah, I had sex with my brother." I see that as just part of the tabloid hysteria that surrounds them.
[Tom Hardy enters]
Hi Tom Hardy. How did it feel to play Ron as openly gay when other previous depictions have shied away from it?
Well, he was openly gay. And there was some question as to Reggie, certainly in prison later in life. I don't know if he came out as such, but there are lots of questions about their sexuality. For this particular episode in Legend, about Ronnie being openly homosexual, it wasn't something he was embarrassed or shy about, it was something he was very straight about. He had a very ethical take on it as well, he would say, "I'm a homosexual, but I'm not a poof" whatever that means. It's another bracket of semantics that I couldn't fully comprehend that was very specific to Ronnie's take on being gay.
It's interesting to see a character of that era depicted so aggressively masculine, when the acceptable face of gay men in the media was the camp Kenneth Williams type.
There's a convention that assimilates the concept of a homosexual male in the arts or character depiction as being camp as you say, but of course there's an awful lot of gay men who, for want of a better way of putting it, are 'macho' or whatever. In the real world there is no such thing as a standard example of a gay man. I think it's awesome to see the full spectrum of what's out there, both past, present and future. I was watching a brilliant documentary about a transgender navy seal who had the operation and went back to work at the White House. I mean that's the reality. Gender, sexuality, race, creed, it doesn't matter. You are what you are. Ronnie was a gangster and he happened to be homosexual. He wasn't playing a sexuality. In some ways he was more honest about himself than Reggie, he didn't have anything to hide from.
Like us on Facebook to keep up with all the latest fashion news and youth culture
Credits
Text Cliff Joannou
Image caption Each of Britannia's turbine blades will weigh more than 30 tonnes
Huge wind turbines with a span rivalling that of the London Eye could form part of the UK's energy future.
The first giant offshore turbine, named Britannia, will be complete by 2012.
It will tower 574ft (175m) above the North Sea, with blades that sweep a circle more than 100ft (30m) wider than the diameter of the London landmark.
Lead engineer Bill Grainger thinks future turbines will be even bigger, saying: "There isn't a technical issue that screams out size limit."
Offshore turbines are commonly capable of generating either 2.5 or five megawatts of power, but the Britannia will produce 10 megawatts.
That translates into enough electricity to power about 10,000 homes, and replace some two million barrels of oil during its lifetime.
Risk of failure
Mr Grainger thinks Britannia is only the start of a trend towards a new generation of giant turbines, producing more power, more cost-effectively.
He told The Engineer magazine: "There might be a limit to the size that people want to put into the field; if a 20 megawatt turbine failed, that's a big chunk of electricity to lose.
"But then, if a power station goes off-line you've lost 300 megawatts, so I don't think that's a limit either.
You have to make changes as you get bigger. Blades get floppier, for example Bill Grainger, Clipper Windpower Marine
"They'll get bigger than 10 megawatts, is my feeling. How much bigger? I don't know."
Mr Grainger is engineering manager at Clipper Windpower Marine, the UK arm of the US company in charge of the £44m Britannia build.
Each of its blades will be 236ft (72m) long and will weigh more than 30 tonnes.
It is the enormous stress placed on these metal structures as they rotate that presents one of the biggest engineering challenges to increased turbine size.
Mr Grainger said: "You have to make changes as you get bigger.
"Blades get floppier, for example, so you have to put more carbon in, but we aren't anywhere near 100% carbon yet."
Britannia is being built at Blyth, in Northumberland, and is most likely to be placed on Dogger Bank, off the north-east coast of England.
King County and the city of Seattle should resist calls to soften helmet rules, especially for the disastrous Pronto bike-rental venture.
KING County and the city of Seattle should resist calls to eliminate or reduce bicycle helmet rules.
Helmets save lives. They reduce the severity of head injuries, which can be devastating physically and financially.
Recent suggestions that helmet rules should be eased because they hurt bike-rental businesses, such as Seattle's disastrous Pronto venture, are ludicrous.
This comes as the city prepares to spend millions upgrading the failing venture with faster, motorized bikes. If anything, motorized bikes increase the need for mandatory helmets.
(Pronto, by the way, is projected to generate revenue of $9,620 and cost $204,704 to operate this month under city leadership. Those darn helmets!)
Helmets are important even on regular bikes. They reduce the risk of head and brain injuries in the event of a crash, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The agency says more than 900 bicyclists were killed and 494,000 went to emergency rooms because of bike accidents in 2013.
Crash-related injuries to bicyclists are expensive, as the recent string of million-dollar-plus payouts to injured cyclists in Seattle attests. Nationally, they resulted in lifetime medical costs and productivity losses of $10 billion in 2013, according to the CDC.
Influential studies by Seattle experts found helmets could reduce bicycling head injuries by two-thirds or more. Additional studies show helmet laws increase helmet use and thereby reduce head injuries.
These “helmet deniers” point to skeptical reports among reams of helmet-safety research and haggle over the degree of safety achieved by helmets and legislation.”
Even so, there are persistent calls by some cycling advocates to reduce or eliminate helmet laws. Like motorcyclists opposing helmets and drivers objecting to seat belts, they argue that the inconvenience of helmets limits the growth of cycling, and safety gains are overstated.
These “helmet deniers” point to skeptical reports among reams of helmet-safety research and haggle over the degree of safety achieved by helmets and legislation. They also pepper the internet with opposition and citations, creating an impression that helmet benefits are unclear.
That's incorrect, according to Dr. Fred Rivara, a professor and vice chair of academic affairs at the University of Washington Department of Pediatrics.
Rivara, who was founding director of Harborview Injury and Research Center, did early research proving the safety benefits of helmets. That supported the proliferation of helmet laws in the 1990s, including King County's 1993 law.
“There's pretty clear evidence wearing helmets is protective and helmet laws increase helmet use,” Rivara said.
Rivara is among a cluster of renowned experts in head-injury prevention in Seattle. They're part of the area's strong history of public-safety leadership, which also includes Medic One's pioneering life-support services.
In passing its helmet law, King County cited their work and its own medical examiner and death-review data, showing that half the local bicyclists killed around that time weren't wearing helmets and 80 percent of children killed weren't wearing them.
Safety continues to be a local priority. Seattle Mayor Ed Murray and the City Council recently emulated other cities in cutting residential speed limits to 20 miles per hour in the name of safety.
The few seconds it takes for the relatively small number of cyclists to don a helmet are negligible compared with the cumulative inconvenience and delay that lower speed limits create for hundreds of thousands of drivers. If safety is paramount, helmet laws must remain and also be enforced.
There's no justifiable reason to soften King County's helmet law, especially not for Pronto. Seattle's quixotic bike-rental business isn't worth another dollar, much less a policy change that risks a single additional head injury.
Most people love — or have loved — bread at some stage in their life.
Whether it's pizza, sandwiches, wraps, or rolls, bread is a great vehicle for some delicious ingredients.
The problem: it's just not good for you.
With an avalanche of studies showcasing the detrimental effects of wheat, many people are searching for a healthier bread substitute (1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
On the positive side, there are various low-carb versions of traditional recipes.
And there is a great option that is low in carbs, tastes great, and has an excellent nutrient profile: cloud bread.
What Is Cloud Bread?
Cloud bread is a zero carb bread that is suitable for LCHF and ketogenic diets.
As it's carb free, it's also safe for diabetics to eat without worrying about wild blood sugar spikes.
Otherwise known as ‘oopsie bread' or ‘keto bread,' the main ingredient behind it is eggs.
Because eggs are so much healthier for you than flour, cloud bread is a better choice than a regular loaf of wheat bread.
With a similar shape and texture to any regular bread, we can also use it for many of the same things.
This similarity makes it an option for those who are trying to adopt a healthier diet and need a little help with their bread cravings.
Want to make a pizza? Use a cloud bread base.
Have a craving for bacon and eggs? Put them inside cloud bread for a low-carb sandwich.
Overall, it's easy to make, and very adaptable.
Key Point: Cloud bread is low-carb, gluten-free and relatively straightforward to make. In short, it's a good homemade bread replacement.
Cloud Bread Recipe
Here is a very simple recipe to make cloud bread:
Ingredients
4 large eggs
4 tablespoons of cream cheese
Pinch of cream of tartar
1 tsp mashed garlic
1/2 tsp of Italian herbs
Salt to taste
Regarding the ingredients: choose a cream cheese that is free from artificial flavors and additives. This is mainly because pure cream cheeses are a lot tastier, but no doubt they're a little better for you too.
As for cream of tartar, this is a kind of thickener used in food to give it more volume and a sturdier texture.
Otherwise known as potassium bitartrate, it's a potassium salt which is perfectly healthy for use in cooking (6).
For the Italian herbs, I use a combination that features oregano, thyme, rosemary, basil, and sage. If you'd prefer a ready-made option for convenience, there's a great mix available here.
Following this recipe will make eight pieces of cloud bread, which serves four people (if you're eating sandwich style).
Note: the Italian herbs and garlic are not necessary, and most people don't use them. However, I think they add a lot of taste!
Key Point: The ingredients profile of cloud bread easily beats commercial bread when it comes to health. It also makes a much tastier bread.
How To Make Cloud Bread
Once you have all your ingredients ready, it's time to get to work in the kitchen.
Here are some step-by-step directions:
First of all, preheat your oven to 300°F (just under 150°C) and lightly grease an oven tray with butter.
Next, separate the egg whites from the yolks. Put the egg yolks in one bowl and the egg whites in another.
After that, add the cream cheese, mashed garlic, Italian herbs, and salt to the egg yolk mixture. Blend until it's a smooth liquid consistency.
In the other bowl, put the cream of tartar into the egg whites and beat until the mixture forms a stiff peak. If you have never done this before, then basically as you are beating the eggs you will see soft mounds start to form. At this stage, keep going and these mounds will grow, become stiffer, and sharp peaks will form.
Once the egg whites are ready, very carefully mix them into the egg yolk. This mixing should be very gentle so that the thick consistency of the egg whites remains.
When the yolk and egg white mixture has a consistent texture, spoon the mixture onto the baking tray in eight equal-sized portions. Spread these out into circular shapes. If you imagine small pancakes – that's the kind of shape you want.
Finally, bake the cloud bread mixture for around 25 to 30 minutes. Keep a close watch on the bread; when it starts becoming golden brown, they are almost ready. The exterior should feel slightly crispy once they are ready, so take them out when they reach this stage.
Allow to cool.
Key Point: Cloud bread takes approximately 35 minutes to make, including preparation and cooking time.
Nutrition Information
In contrast to wheat bread, cloud bread has vastly different nutritional properties.
While most bread is extremely high in digestible carbs and low in fat, cloud bread is based on protein and fat (7).
Here is a breakdown of the nutrients if you follow the recipe above:
Calories and Macronutrients
Based on a serving for one person, there are 129 calories in cloud bread.
Carbohydrate: 2g
2g Fat: 10g
10g Protein: 7g
Vitamins and Minerals
As shown above, 129 calories worth of cloud bread provides a reasonable amount of vitamins and minerals.
Furthermore, they come from real nutrients rather than the synthetic vitamins and minerals companies use to fortify most commercial bread (8, 9).
Key Point: Cloud bread is high in fat and protein, and it's a virtually zero carb food. It also provides some healthy nutrients.
Cloud Bread Pizza
One of the great things about cloud bread is the adaptability.
For example, if you want to make a low carb pizza, all you have to do is follow the cloud bread recipe.
Next, instead of making eight separate portions, just make one big pizza base out of the mixture.
When it's half cooked, add some tomato paste, cheese, and your choice of toppings, and you'll soon have a healthy low-carb pizza.
Does it taste exactly like real pizza?
Well, not exactly, but the main reason pizza tastes so good is the cheese, not the bread.
And I'm happy to say that cloud bread pizza also tastes delicious.
Key Point: Cloud bread pizza is a quick and simple healthier variety of pizza. And it tastes great.
Delicious Cloud Bread Variations
As previously mentioned, cloud bread is extremely adaptable and can be used in many different ways.
To give you a better idea, here's a showcase of some of the best ideas from around the web:
Cloud Bread Sandwich: Bacon, Avocado and Egg (by Ruled.Me)
How good does this carb-free sandwich look? With bacon, egg, avocado, and a whole lot more; it looks delicious.
If you want to see the full recipe, just click here.
Cloud Bread Cake: Pink Lemonade (by Tasteaholics)
Made with real ingredients such as butter, cream, and fresh strawberries, this low carb cloud cake looks amazing.
For instructions on how to make it for yourself, look here.
Eggs in a Cloud (The Suburban Soapbox)
This recipe places an egg in a real cloud-shaped piece of cloud bread.
An altogether lighter, healthier, and tastier choice than the usual eggs on toast.
To make eggs in a cloud, just go here to see the recipe and detailed guidelines.
Cloud Bread Cheese Danish (Low Carb Yum)
Here's another great recipe from Low Carb Yum: cloud bread cheese danish.
Almost all recipes from Low Carb Yum look amazing, and this one's no exception.
In contrast to the other recipes, this one is sweet one as it uses erythritol.
So, if you have a sweet tooth, then this low carb danish is a much better idea than getting a pastry.
Cheese and Garlic Cloud Bread (Sugar Free Mom)
Cloud bread comes in many different shapes, and as shown here, it can even imitate traditional garlic bread.
In particular, this one is full of garlic, cheese, and several tasty seasonings.
If you want to give it a try, then you can see how to make it by clicking here.
Cloud Bread Mozzarella Burger (Karlijn's Kitchen)
Most people know that burgers are far from healthy, but that's down to the highly-processed burger bun rather than the meat.
So, this mozzarella burger which uses low carb bread is a good choice.
Full of healthy nutrients from the meat, cheese, egg, and vegetables: it's a healthy burger.
To make it, just go here.
Three-Ingredient Cloud Bread (A Seat At My Table)
This recipe here shows how to make cloud bread as simply as possible: with only three ingredients.
And as you can see in the picture, making a ham salad sandwich is also easily possible.
For this straightforward recipe, see here.
Low Carb Breakfast Sandwich (Sugar Free Like Me)
Sugar Free Like Me shows a delicious looking low carb breakfast sandwich in this photo.
As it uses cloud bread, it's also a much more natural breakfast than the stuff you'll find in fast food places.
For more information and recipes, go here.
Garlic Cloud Breadsticks (360 Family Nutrition)
Last but not least, here's a recipe for garlic cloud bread sticks.
In addition to the base recipe, this one adds some extra tasty ingredients such as butter, parmesan cheese, and garlic powder.
To make it, see the recipe here.
Key Point: As you can see from these great recipes, cloud bread is very adaptable and can replace wheat bread for just about anything.
Final Thoughts
Food is certainly changing over recent years, as well as coffee made from butter we have bread made from eggs.
This ‘egg bread' is low in carbs, relatively nutrient-dense, and has none of the additives found in heavily processed commercial bread.
All in all, if you occasionally want to have a bread substitute, then cloud bread is an excellent choice.
Related Articles
list of 38 low carb and keto snacksFor some more tasty options, see this .
The film has already begun principal photography in Peru.
Death Race 2000, the 1975 B movie cult classic from exploitation king Roger Corman, is getting a 21st century revamp.
Corman is producing Death Race 2050, which began shooting in Peru earlier this month, with Malcolm McDowell behind the wheel to star alongside Manu Bennett, best known for playing DC villain Slade Wilson in The CW's Arrow.
The new movie updates the concept of automotive gladiators earning points for killing pedestrians and their fellow drivers. Bennett is playing Frankenstein, the mysterious and almost unbeatable racer.
G.J. Echternkamp is directing Death Race 2050 from a script he co-wrote with Matt Yamashita. Corman is producing.
Also cast are Burt Grinstead (NCIS), Marci Miller (Viper), Folake Olowofoyeku (The Beaver), Anessa Ramsey (Footloose), Yancy Butler (Hard Target) and Charlie Farrell (Cantar).
“This is an amazing opportunity for me and millions of Death Race 2000 fans to experience the intensity, thrills and dark humor of the original, fueled by a terrific young cast, spectacular vehicles and side-splitting action, literally,” said Corman in a statement.
Universal 1440 Entertainment, a production entity of Universal Pictures Home Entertainment, will release the film.
With a long and turbulent history that involved many a scrap with our English neighbours, Scotland has more than its fair share of castles for the modern day tourist to marvel at. There are grand palaces, royal residencies, spooky cliff-top fortresses, and atmospheric ruins to be found throughout the country. Together they make up some of the leading travel attractions in Scotland (and in fact in the UK).
They say that there have been as many as 3,000 castles in the country at one time. Even today, there are hundreds to choose to visit. So here I go trimming that list down to five….
Edinburgh Castle
A no-brainer for this list, Edinburgh Castle is one of the top places to visit in the UK. The place is oozing with history and was used extensively as a military stronghold for centuries as well as a royal residence.
Edinburgh Castle saw an epic siege in 1571-73, where Mary Queen of Scots' forces had to hold out against a brutal attack. Despite being vastly outnumbered, they stubbornly withheld a sustained assault in a near-impregnable stronghold. Bonnie Prince Charlie's forces also had a go in 1745, to no avail.
Today, the National War Museum, the Honours of Scotland (including the Stone of Destiny that has been used in royal coronations for centuries) and the daily 1 o'clock gun make the castle a great day out. You could easily spend a whole day here and it's a great activity for families.
Stirling Castle
Since its superb refurbishment completed in 2011, Stirling Castle now rivals Edinburgh as a 21st century tourist attraction. £12 million went into making the Royal Palace appear as it would have done back in the 16th Century. The castle offers a very high quality (and free) guided tour that will take you around the Great Hall, the huge castle kitchens, and the museum of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders. The castle gardens and views in all directions over Stirling are also spectacular.
Stirling has always been of huge strategic importance in the military history of the country. Everyone wanted to hold Stirling Castle. It's no coincidence that 3 of Scotland's biggest battles were fought nearby at Falkirk, Bannockburn, and Stirling itself.
Eilean Donan
Much photographed (and rightly so), Eilean Donan has to be on the list for its location alone. It sits perfectly on the banks of Loch Duich — I don't think a castle could find a more picturesque spot. The films shot here have included “Bonnie Prince Charlie,” “Highlander,” and James Bond's “The World Is Not Enough.”
The castle saw some military action in the 18th century Jacobite wars when it was bombarded by government ships who were after some Spanish troops inside, and it was not properly rebuilt until 1932.
Doune Castle
Doune gets the nod from me because it fits my definition of a “proper” castle. Not as big or grand as Edinburgh or Stirling, but with a strength and sense of impenetrability that not all castles have makes it a winner for me. I would not want to be the poor soul ordered to lay siege to this place!
As well as meeting my questionable definition, it was also the castle used in “Monty Python and the Holy Grail.” The thought of John Cleese running around these old halls in tights and chainmail contrasts ludicrously with the harsh reality of life in a 14th century castle, but for many is just another chapter in its colourful history. In a nice touch, the audio guide for the castle is read by Terry Jones, one of the Python directors.
Castle Campbell
It got really tough here between this and Caerlaverock Castle in the south of Scotland. Ultimately it was my experience of finding Castle Campbell that won it for me. I was walking the Ochil Hills not far from Perthshire and, although I knew the castle existed somewhere in the region, I was not looking for it nor did I expect to find it. As is often the way I had gotten carried away with my walk and really needed to start to head back to civilisation. Weary legged, breathless, probably lost, getting dark, alone, not seen anyone for miles, mild panic… you can imagine the picture. And suddenly there I was, staring at Castle Campbell.
Small but picturesque, it was briefly visited by Mary Queen of Scots in the 16th century but in truth was never built for military purposes and was more of a central stronghold for the Campbell Clan. The grounds surrounding it in Dollar Glen are magnificent for walks, and for atmosphere it really is special.
I'll be getting lost in Scotland more often.
About the author
Neil is owner of Locomotion Scotland, a travel planning service and blog for Scotland. Follow along with all of his Scottish travel stories on Twitter @locomotion2012, Facebook and Google+.
Game has been teasing hisOperation Kill Everything mixtape for some time now. With no forseeable release date for the project, it was hard to guage when we'd be seeing it. In a recent interview, Game has clarified that it will be coming sooner than we expect, and his subsequent 6th album is also in the works.
"Me and Ski about to drop this OKE Mixtape in like a week or so." Game revealed. "It's gonna be crazy, got everybody on that."
The rapper also spoke of his follow up to Jesus Piece, which he apparently just began work on. "Just started back working with Cool & Dre on a new album." he said, going on to reveal a big feature from the project. "I did my first song for the new album with ScHoolBoy Q, which is gonna be a dope song."
As far as producers for the album, the Compton emcee promised a mix of old and new. "The usual suspects. I'mma go see Swizz, Timbaland and Just Blaze in a little while, and I'm gonna give some upcoming producers a shot."
Following the rumors that he may sign with Cash Money, Game explained that he only has one requirement for his prospective label. "I'm thinking about anybody who can write that cheque." he said.
While his new label The Firm will be independently run, Game will be looking for a new home if he's not happy with what Interscope has to offer. "I'm signed with Interscope until I go have a meeting to see whether I want to move on." he said.
Game spoke on his label's new title, which was inspired by the Nas supergroup of the same name. "I didn't even talk to Nas about it," he said. "The Firm was an album, it wasn't a label. It's just paying homage." The rapper explained that tribute is a common theme in his work. "From the beginning of my career to the end, it's always gonna be an homage to somebody."
Game refused to reveal the title of his new effort, though it seemed he may not have settled on one yet. "Nah, ain't tellin', thinkin'." he said.
On whether it would bear a similarly controversial cover to his previous album, the emcee said "You know with Game it's always gonna be controversial to somebody."
[via]
Thirteen of the 18 departments recorded an increase in outsourcing costs. Illustration: Matt Golding About half of the overall increase can be attributed to a $100 million Department of Human Services contract to update its creaking computer system. The department also increased its wage bill by $16 million. Five other departments – Treasury, Finance, Social Services, Immigration and Infrastructure – saved on wages but had their savings outstripped by rising outsourcing fees. Together, they saved $53 million on wages, but spent an extra $81 million on consultants and contractors.
The 18 departments also spent $78 million on redundancy packages during the year. These figures refer only to the umbrella departments themselves, not the 90-plus other agencies under their purview. The figures also do not take superannuation or leave costs into account. An estimated 15,000 public servants lost their jobs under Tony Abbott's short-lived government. But the new figures suggest the downsizing did not necessarily help the budget bottom line. They also add to the debate about the increasing outsourcing of public service duties, which some believe has left the bureaucracy bereft of the in-house experience it needs to function properly.
It's a classic false economy. Michael Tull, Community and Public Sector Union The Community and Public Sector Union's assistant national secretary, Michael Tull​, said the public sector had been "cut to the bone". "That's why 26 million calls to the Department of Human Services went unanswered last year, why the Australian Tax Office doesn't chase more multinational tax avoiders, and why the CSIRO stopped research into Alzheimer's disease," he said. "Arbitrary budget cuts force departments to use contractors and consultants to replace workers who should not have been made redundant in the first place. It's a classic false economy." The government's "growing addiction" to multinational consulting firms also raised questions about how much influence big corporate interests had over policy development, he said.
"A properly funded public sector provides impartial advice that is absolutely in the public's interest. It's an essential bulwark against the creeping corporate control over government decision-making." Malcolm Turnbull said this year, before becoming prime minister, that he did not want the public service further eroded by consultants. He expressed concerns that too much outsourcing was turning departments into "mailboxes for sending out tenders and then receiving the reports and paying for them". "What we have to do in government, in my view, is stop panning public servants and do more to ensure that they do their job better," he said. "And one of the ways to do that is to make sure they do the work that is their core responsibility, as opposed to outsourcing everything."
Contrary to online reports, Matrix sequels starring Keanu Reeves are not in the works, according to Warner Bros. Pictures.
The rumor about supposedly completed Matrix 4 and 5 scripts spread quickly after Ain't It Cool News published an anonymous e-mail Sunday. The report, from a film fan identified only as "El Nino," described a supposed keynote speech and Q&A session by Reeves at "the London school of performing Arts university."
"It's all bunk," Warner Bros. spokeswoman Jessica Zacholl told Wired.com by phone, pointing out that a school by that name doesn't even exist. The studio rep added that the actor made no appearances of any kind in which he discussed Wachowski projects with film students.
Zacholl said Reeves and his publicist became deluged with queries after the report, which dangled tantalizing details about Keanu's supposed meeting with the Wachowskis, including the statement that the filmmakers had completed "a two-picture script treatment that would see him return to the world of the matrix as Neo."
The bogus report also said the Wachowkis had met with Avatar director James Cameron "to discuss the pros and cons of 3-D" for the mythical Matrix sequels.
News sites The Playlist contacted Reeves' representatives, who also debunked the Ain't It Cool News report. The actor's reps told Playlist that "none of it is true.... [Reeves] did not speak nor get an award from the London International School of Performing Arts."
The Ain't It Cool News story did circle around one half-truth: As reported in the trades in December, Warner Bros. is looking at producing a futuristic Robin Hood story by the Wachowskis titled Hood. Contrary to the report, the studio did not pay $5 million for the property, Zacholl said.
See Also:
As a corollary to our guest contributor post on the disappointing improvements and issues with Commonwealth Avenue, we have a few (much delayed) updates about the T's more progressive plans to improve transit along the corridor.
Back in June, I had the pleasure of attending a forum on Green Line issues hosted by the MBTA and facilitated greatly by Senator Brownsberger. The presentation included updates on the primary issues afflicting the Green Line and its dependent riders as outlined by Brian Kane, MBTA Director of Policy, Performance Management & Process Re-Engineering and former budget analyst with the MBTA Advisory Board.
Others present at the meeting included leading MBTA staff that Dr. Scott heralded as subject-matter experts to ensure questions could be answered directly by the most appropriate person from the agency. Top MBTA management included:
Dominick Tribone for questions on information systems
Bill McClellan, Director of Green Line Operations
Laura Brelsford, Deputy Director of System-Wide Accessibility
Melissa Dullea, Director of Planning & Schedules
Mr. Kane broke down the issues into 5 key areas and highlighted the improvements the T is aiming to tackle over the long run.
Speed
The biggest hindrances to speed right now are the incredible closeness of stops on some lines, the lack of signal preemption, and restrictions from fare collection and public outcry about boarding policies.
At the moment, the C line is the slowest, averaging 11.1km/h (6.9mi/h) with an average stop spacing of about 305m (1000 ft), while the D is the fastest, averaging 30.6km/h (19.5mi/h) with an average stop spacing of about 1.2km (4,000 ft).
Stop Consolidation
The number of stops increases time the train spends either stopped or slower than cruising speed. Even if the volume of passengers stays the same, the math still works out to be that the train spends more time slowing down to stop at each stop. Further, each stop that a train has to make before a stop light increases the chances that the train will miss a number of green cycles and get stuck at a red light. Of course, the real culprit of slow loading times is a capacity issue, which we'll discuss below. Ultimately, the promise is faster train speeds at the compromise of increasing the walking distance for some.
‘I Want To Be A Full Israeli Citizen'
By Jonathan Cook
Foreign Correspondent
February 24, 2009 "Information Clearing House" -- NAZARETH, ISRAEL // When Israel's 18th parliament opens today, there will be only one Arab woman among its intake of legislators.
Haneen Zoubi has made history: although she is not the first Arab woman to enter the Israeli parliament, the Knesset, she is the first to be elected for an Arab party.
Sitting in her home in Nazareth, the effective capital of Israel's 1.2 million Palestinian citizens, she is dismissive of her predecessors, two women elected on behalf of Zionist parties. “They were worse than decorations,” she said. “Decorations don't do any harm, but these women damaged our society. They were no role models at all.”
Ms Zoubi, 39, a representative of the Tajamu Party, known for its Palestinian nationalist platform, has already shown she will not be following in their path. On a recent induction day for Knesset members, she made headlines locally when she pointed out to an official who repeatedly referred to “the territories” that he meant “the occupied Palestinian territories”.
Her election is not Ms Zoubi's only pioneering moment. She was the first Palestinian citizen to graduate from a media studies course in Israel, at Hebrew University in Jerusalem, and she established the first media classes in Arab schools. For the past six years she has headed an organisation exposing Israeli media bias.
Her priority now, she said, is to advance both the cause of the fifth of the country's population who are Palestinians, commonly referred to as “Israeli Arabs”, and the cause of Palestinian women in Israel.
“I don't want to become the Knesset address for Arab women's issues. I need to raise the interest of the men in my party on women's issues, not allow their interest to wane because they can dump the issue on me.”
But she said she does represent a demand among the minority's women for change and political involvement. “Women congratulate me in the street. Even women I know are usually supporters of the Islamic movement or who were planning to boycott the election because of [Israel's recent attack on] Gaza came and told me they voted for me.”
Alongside her will be nine male Arab party legislators: two from Tajamu, four from an Islamic party and three from the Communist party. A remaining one is Jewish.
They will be facing the most hostile Knesset in history. Of the parliament's 120 members, at least 65 are classified as belonging to the right and far-right and may yet form a governing coalition.
Avigdor Lieberman's party, Yisrael Beiteinu, which threatens to strip Israel's Palestinians of citizenship unless they pledge loyalty to a Jewish state, has 15 seats. One of the National Union's four legislators, Michael Ben-Ari, a former member of an outlawed anti-Arab terrorist group, is appointing two extremist settlers from Hebron as parliamentary aides.
“In a proper state, Lieberman's programme would be declared illegal. But the real concern is not his platform but that it has been legitimised by the main Zionist parties,” including Kadima, whose leader is Tzipi Livni, and the Likud Party of Benjamin Netanyahu, who is attempting to cobble together a ruling coalition.
Tajamu is almost universally despised by Jewish legislators. Its founder, Azmi Bishara, is living in exile after he was accused of treason over the 2006 Lebanon war; its officials are hounded by the secret police, the Shin Bet; and, as in other recent elections, Zionist parties attempted to bar Tajamu from running. Courts overruled the move.
Ms Zoubi said she will not be fazed. “The Knesset is always hostile to Arab Knesset members and we are well used to their racist language. Even the building shows us we are not welcome. Everywhere there are Jewish symbols – from the Star of David on the flag to the menorahs – that we as Palestinians cannot identify with.”
Like other Palestinian citizens, she has watched the TV news bulletins showing Jewish legislators, even cabinet ministers, shouting down Arab legislators in the Knesset chamber and having them ejected.
The racist discourse that lies behind Knesset debates is a concern, she said. “It is frustrating and exhausting having always to be on the defensive about why I identify as a Palestinian, why I am not a Zionist, why the Jewish state is not democratic and cannot represent me, why I am entitled to citizenship. It is a Sisyphean labour.”
The party's platform – developed by Mr Bishara – is to reform Israel from a Jewish state into a “state of all its citizens”, a programme now advocated by all the Arab parties.
“The Jewish public don't like self-confident, unapologetic Arabs, which is why Azmi was always feared. But actually I think there is a base of support even among Jews for reforming Israel into a proper democracy, maybe as much as 30 per cent.”
She hopes that her election – by breaking one of Jewish society's stereotypes about the Palestinian public – may start to win over more Israeli Jews to the party's programme.
In the meantime, she said, Tajamu will work to oppose confiscation of Arab land and house demolitions, and demand proper infrastructure in the minority's communities, as well as have their educational and economic rights recognised.
But she is critical of the Palestinian minority's dominant political demand for many decades: equality. “The struggle solely for equality treats me as a number, it reduces me to part of a mathematical formula. It ignores my history, identity and narrative as a Palestinian. I want to be a full Israeli citizen, but it must not come at the expense of my people's collective rights to an identity and a past.” Click on "comments" below to read or post comments Comment (0) Comment Guidelines
Be succinct, constructive and relevant to the story. We encourage engaging, diverse and meaningful commentary. Do not include personal information such as names, addresses, phone numbers and emails. Comments falling outside our guidelines – those including personal attacks and profanity – are not permitted .
See our complete Comment Policy and use this link to notify us if you have concerns about a comment. We'll promptly review and remove any inappropriate postings. Send Page To a Friend In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. Information Clearing House has no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of this article nor is Information ClearingHouse endorsed or sponsored by the originator.)
11 Easy Rainy Day Soup Recipe Ideas to Make in 30 Minutes or Less
It's raining and you forgot your umbrella. And your rain boots. This evening you're going to need something warm and incredibly easy that you can whip up in less than half an hour. We know the feeling, so we've come up with amazing quick and easy soup recipes for a tasty and speedy dinner that will warm you from the inside out on the most blustery of days.
1. Whole30 Chicken Zoodle Soup: If you're looking for a soul-soothing recipe that's still diet-friendly, you've come to the right place.
2. Chickpea and Lentil Soup: You can serve this immediately or let it simmer while you do other chores. Don't worry — this soup will wait for you.
3. 3-Ingredient Tortilla Soup: There is nothing better than one-pot dinners. We are always a fan of having just a couple of dishes to wash after we've fallen into a warm soup coma.
4. Ginger Butternut Squash Soup: Even if you're the slowest chopper in the world, you can have this soup on the table in under 30 and feel pretty good about how healthy it is.
5. Roasted Tomato Soup: Way tastier than the canned stuff and almost as quick, this recipe is a twist on the classic tomato soup with roasted tomatoes and a grilled cheese on the side to make it extra good.
6. Easy Pressure-Cooker Chili: Yes, you can have a totally flavorful chili in 20 minutes, and yes it will warm your soul.
7. Homemade Ramen Cup: This homemade version is the adult version of our dorm room favorite. Make it when you need something to mindlessly graze on while you come down from the day.
8. Tuscan Bean Soup: Another Instant Pot recipe, this easy soup comes together in five minutes. Plus it can be frozen to enjoy for whenever your next chili craving strikes.
9. Chickpea and Lime Soup: Adding crispy, spiced chickpeas as a soup topper is any easy way to “beef” up this quick, simple, and delicious soup.
10. Loaded Baked Potato Soup: Instead of waiting 40 minutes to bake a potato, whip up a bowl of this cheesy soup in half the time via your Instant Pot. Garnish it with bacon, sour cream, cheddar cheese, chives, and whatever else your heart desires.
11. Easy Blender Pea Soup: If you're starting to feel guilty about those winter month calories, try this healthy pea soup. We definitely won't judge if you end up adding some garlic bread to the meal.
What is your go-to soup recipe on rainy days when you don't feel like cooking? Let us know on Twitter @BritandCo.
(Photos via Brit + Co)
Additional reporting by Kate Thorn
Food for Agile Thought's issue #111—shared with 11,775 peers—dives into slicing user stories, and asks: Is becoming an agile coach the only career goal for scrum masters?
We also apply the Team Culture model to high-performing teams, analyze the scrum master role with causal loop diagrams, and bust the myth that great products result from listening to your customers.
Lastly, Ken Norton pitches the idea of having a thirty-year plan, and we learn how the Design Sprint emerged as a concept.
Have a great week!
🏆 The Tip of the Week
Tobias Mayer and Jem Djelal : Episode 1: Why do ScrumMasters feel pressure to be an agile coach? Jem Djelal interviews in this first episode of his new podcast Tobias Mayer.
Agile & Slicing User Stories
Luis Mizutani (via ThoughtWorks ): Slicing your development work as a multi-layer cake Luis Mizutani asks: ‘What is the best way to break your work into user stories?'
Mike Cohn : Five common mistakes teams make when splitting user stories Mike Cohn analyzes five mistakes teams often make when writing user stories.
Simon Powers : A Model for High-Performing Teams Simon Powers looks at high-performing teams in a corporate environment through the lens of his Team Culture model.
Ilia Pavlichenko (via Scrum.org ): A Systemic View on the Role of the Scrum Master Ilia Pavlichenkolook suggests taking a look at the role of the Scrum Master with the help of causal loop diagrams.
Advertisement
HelloFresh Is Hiring Agile Coaches in Berlin
We're hiring a couple of Agile Coaches (or enthusiast learners) at HelloFresh in Berlin. Over the past 6 months we've been undergoing an Agile transformation and have pretty extensively blogged about it.
Learn more about the position and apply here to become an Agile Coach for HelloFresh.
Note: We'll also support visa applications with this role.
Are you interested in advertising a position in Food for Agile Thought? Let me know: Stefan at Age of Product.
Product & Lean
Marty Cagan (via svpg ): Customer Inspired; Technology Enabled Marty Cagan busts one of the most enduring myths that great products result from listening to your customers.
Ken Norton : Ants and Aliens: Why you need a thirty-year plan Ken Norton on why you need a thirty-year plan for disruptive products.
Janna Bastow (via ProdPad ): How To Work With User Personas When You're A Product Manager Janna Bastow explains how to use user personas to create visible patterns of behavior which you can use to build for growth.
Jake Knapp (via Mind The Product ): Design Sprints Jake Knapp shares in this video how he developed the Design Sprint, and how to do them well.
✋ Do Not Miss Out: Join the 2,125-plus Strong ‘Hands-on Agile' Slack Team
I invite you to join the “Hands-on Agile” Slack team and enjoy the benefits of a fast-growing, vibrant community of agile practitioners from around the world.
If you like to join now all you have to do now is provide your credentials via this Google form, and I will sign you up. By the way, it's free.
A guide for liberal columnists who don't want to sound stupid about guns.
Usually, it's easy for a concerned citizen to find a like-minded pundit with something interesting to say about the political controversy du jour. Except, that is, when the citizen is liberal and the controversy involves guns. If a left-of-center reader turned to his favorite pundits this week to find out what to think about the Tucson massacre and gun laws, he'd have read nothing but clichés and half-truths.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There are at least two reasons for this. First is that most of these columnists have no firsthand knowledge of guns or gun culture. Second is that they haven't bothered to read any of the countless academic studies of gun control that have come out since John Lott published More Guns, Less Crime in 1998. Perhaps they don't want to slog through lots of statistics, or perhaps they just don't care about the issue.
As a gun owner and hunter, and as someone who's spent a fair amount of time thinking and writing about the legal and empirical debates that surround guns, I'm here to help. Here are some quick and easy tips for anti-gun columnists — if you follow them, you'll still be wrong, but at least you won't sound so ridiculous.
1. Don't assume criminals follow laws.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a way, this goes right to the heart of the gun-control debate. It is a conservative talking point that only the law-abiding will follow — and thus be disarmed by — gun laws.
I'm not asking you to swallow this reasoning whole. I'm just asking that you think twice before contradicting it — especially if you're Eugene Robinson, who recently wrote about how the Tucson shooting shows that “we must decide that allowing anyone to carry a concealed weapon, no questions asked, is just crazy.” (Or, more frighteningly, Rep. Peter King [R., N.Y.], who says he's going to introduce a law that would simply make it illegal to bring a gun near a public official.)
Jared Loughner left his house that day intending to assassinate Representative Giffords. There is absolutely no reason to believe that a more restrictive concealed-carry regime would have changed that. If he was willing to violate laws against murder, he was willing to violate laws against concealed carry. Suggesting otherwise just shows that you haven't bothered to think things through.
2. If you're going to write that a certain kind of gun is particularly dangerous, consult someone who knows something about guns first. Brady Campaign spokesmen don't count.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The gun Loughner used was a semiautomatic 9mm Glock — a weapon that countless people own for various reasons, including target shooting and self-defense. These guns typically come with 10- to 17-round magazines, but they're capable of accepting larger ones. The fact that they're “semiautomatic” means they fire one bullet for each pull of the trigger. I own a very similar handgun myself (a 9mm Ruger P95), along with a 30-round magazine; if I fill the magazine before I get to the shooting range, it cuts down on the time I spend reloading on-site.
But Alan Webber complains in the Washington Post about “semi-automatic handguns that serve only one purpose — to shoot and kill innocent people.” The New York Times's Gail Collins refers to Loughner's gun as distinct from a “regular pistol,” the kind “most Americans think of when they think of the right to bear arms.” Semiautomatic handguns are “extremely easy to fire over and over” and can carry 30-round magazines, she explains.
Perhaps the most egregious example of this came from someone who knew better: the Brady Campaign's president, Paul Helmke, who in Collins's column is quoted claiming that 9mm semiautomatics are “not suited for hunting or personal protection” and that “what it's good for is killing and injuring a lot of people quickly.” If 9mm Glocks aren't suited for protecting oneself and others, someone should tell the nation's police departments, many of which use them — and many more of which use .40-caliber Glocks, which are similar but slightly more powerful.
Advertisement
#page#
3. Don't prattle on about “hunting” or “sport” — and more generally, don't forget about self-defense.
Robinson is an offender on this count: “We must recognize the obvious distinction between rifles, shotguns and target pistols used for sport on the one hand, and semiautomatic handguns designed for killing people on the other.” (An aside: I think it's less than obvious that my pistol, which I love shooting at targets, is not suitable for “sport,” and that traditional target pistols are not suitable for killing people.)
But the prize goes to Collins, who actually suggests that gun-grabbers and gun-rights supporters should cooperate to pass laws based on this distinction: “We should be able to find a way to accommodate the strong desire in many parts of the country for easy access to firearms with sane regulation of the kinds of weapons that make it easiest for crazy people to create mass slaughter.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sorry, but no. It's true that many gun-rights enthusiasts are also hunters, but the “strong desire” to preserve gun rights stems from the need for self-defense, not for killing Bambi. We're actually most protective of guns that are designed to kill people — because we want them in case we need to kill someone to defend ourselves or our families. The Supreme Court has affirmed our Second Amendment right to keep handguns in our homes for this purpose.
And we do use guns for self-defense. Various surveys come to various numbers, but it's clear that thousands — possibly hundreds of thousands — of defensive gun uses occur every year. And that's not even counting the crimes that don't happen because criminals are afraid their victims might be armed.
You can make a plausible case that keeping guns away from law-abiding citizens will keep guns away from some criminals, too — many guns are stolen every year — but this must be weighed against the good that comes from responsible gun ownership. When you write a column about guns — no matter what side you're on — you need to evaluate this tradeoff.
Advertisement
4. When you think about mental health, think about due process, too.
In the last day or so, some evidence has come to light indicating that the police may have dropped the ball — if they had followed up on some complaints that were made against Loughner, they may have been able to prosecute him for a crime or force him to accept mental-health treatment. Had they done so, it's possible he would have ended up in the database of people who are not allowed to buy guns, and it's even possible that he wouldn't have been able to get a gun illegally (given that we know of no underworld ties or friends who would have bought a firearm for him).
But some liberals seem to think he should have been turned down for the gun solely on the grounds that people found him creepy or menacing. Robinson notes that
Loughner reportedly had a history of drug use and bizarre behavior. Students and a teacher at a community college that Loughner briefly attended found him so erratic, confused, menacing and potentially violent that they persuaded college authorities to bar him from campus pending a psychiatric exam.
He follows with: “Yet on Nov. 30, he was able to walk into Sportsman's Warehouse in Tucson and purchase the weapon” (emphasis added), as though the judgments of “students,” “a teacher,” and “college authorities” should be sufficient to deprive one of constitutional rights.
Richard Cohen thinks that gun buyers should face “real questions” in addition to a background check. He facetiously proposes the following:
Do you think the government controls grammar and grammar controls the universe? Have you been babbling in class and can you hold a job? Why do you want this gun? Do you, perhaps, want to kill someone? Do you want a Glock 19 because it was one of two handguns used in the Virginia Tech massacre (32 killed, one suicide), and would you please state the name of your intended victim on the form provided?
A constitutional right cannot be revoked for “babbling in class” or failing to “hold a job,” or even for holding out-there beliefs — and though these questions aren't asked in seriousness, it's hard to imagine what questions would have gotten Loughner to confess to being a homicidal maniac, or why a gun seller (or government bureaucrat) should be presumed capable of judging the sanity of a customer when rights are at stake.
Yes, we should have a better process for keeping guns away from dangerous and imbalanced people, but we have to stay away from a very slippery slope: By one estimate based on high-school students, nearly one-quarter of people are mentally ill in some sense of the term. Very few of them are potentially violent.
There is room for debate about gun control. The Supreme Court has left many restrictions on the table. But when left-wing columnists — the people many liberals rely on for opinions — can't stop spouting the same clichés they've been filling their columns with for decades, we cannot have a useful conversation. They need to improve their output, and these rules will help them move in that direction.
Advertisement
— Robert VerBruggen, an NR associate editor, runs the Phi Beta Cons blog.
EDITOR'S NOTE: This article has been amended since its original posting.
Christmas has always been a special time for young goaltenders, in large part because of the key role the unique equipment has always played in igniting a passion for the position, and the guys currently playing in the National Hockey League are no exception.
So while the staff at InGoal hopes all our readers got the gear they wished for this holiday season, we also wanted to check in with some of our friends in and around the NHL and reminisce about the puck-stopping presents that inspired them as kids.
For Florida Panthers No.1 Roberto Luongo, the fondest Christmas memory was getting his first pair of pads at age 13, a set of Vic McMartins his grandfather bought him.
“Of course the equipment played a role,” Luongo, who grew up in Montreal as a fan of Edmonton Oilers goalie Grant Fuhr, said of wanting to become a goalie. “It was so cool.”
Luongo isn't alone in remembering an early passion for goaltending equipment.
“People always ask me why did you become a goalie, and I think it was the pads more than anything else,” said Mike Condon of the Ottawa Senators. “It was the colors and the equipment and everything. I have so many stories about gear. Every set is in my brain; when I got them, how I got them, why I designed them like I did.”
That includes an attempt to look like Dominik Hasek at age 11.
“When I was really little and first started playing goalie I had a red-and-black Cooper helmet and cage, and a red-and-black Bauer Reactor set and a black-and-red Koho stick and the old-school black-and-red Buffalo Sabres jersey,” Condon said. “I remember skating around the rink thinking I was Dominik Hasek because everything matched and it looked so good.”
Michael Hutchinson of the Winnipeg Jets remembers getting his first goalie mask for Christmas.
when he was eight years old. It came during his first season of rep hockey, and marked a big step as a full-time goaltender after wearing a helmet-cage combo in house hockey.
“I remember getting my first mask, that was big because you go from playing house league hockey with a player helmet and all of a sudden you turn goalie for the first time in rep hockey and that Christmas I got a goalie mask,” Hutchinson said. “That was the turning point for me.”
Hutchison grew up watching the Barrie Colts in the OHL, a team he would later play for, but his attention was always locked on the goalies and the equipment they wore.
“Equipment was the second biggest factor for me being a goalie,” he said. “I remember going to games and not remembering the score or who scored goals or anything like that, but I could tell you every piece of equipment the goalie was wearing. As a kid you are fascinated by it.”
Former NHL goalie and TSN hockey analyst Jamie McLennan said his special Christmas memory was getting a waffleboard blocker and matching glove.
“When I was in pee wee I got the old blocker with the holes in the front and the glove had a built-on cheater, plus they were colored so it made them even more special; matched my team,” McLennan said. “They were blue, yellow and white to match St. Albert colors.”
Martin Biron, another former goalie who is an analyst with the NHL Network and TSN, has similarly fond memories of goaltending equipment as Christmas gifts.
“The equipment played a role, especially growing up in the 1980s,” said Biron, singling out Mario Gosselin's blue Quebec Nordiques pads. “Colored pads and masks were so cool. My first pair of goalie skates were a Christmas gift, a good old pair of micra with the felt they slipped inside of the plastic. I went to the backyard to skate on the outdoor rink right away.”
Corey Hirsch, who played 13 seasons, said a Christmas gift symbolized a shift in focus.
“My first white Vaughn chest and arm [protector],” Hirsch said of the gift he received at age 12. “It was my welcome out of kid hockey to starting to get serious.”
Not every goalie grew up gear-obsessed. It certainly wasn't the main attraction for the Vancouver Canucks' Jacob Markstrom growing up in Sweden, where goalies usually shared used equipment as kids. But even he had a few special gear-related Christmas memories.
“In the beginning I got an old Jofa player's helmet with a fold-down goalie cage. I remember that was huge for me,” Markstrom said. “And when I was 11 I got a mask painted from DaveArt with Bart Simpson and Homer Simpson on it. That was pretty cool too.”
Vancouver's Ryan Miller said he was fascinated with goalies growing up in Michigan and remembers studying every move made by Norm Foster and Bob Essensa when they played at Michigan State University. That included paying special attention to their equipment.
“I was obsessed,” Miller said.
Getting new goalie gear wasn't a Christmas tradition for Miller. As a reward for maintaining good grades, his family made sure he was well-equipped going into each season, so there usually wasn't any need for upgrades. He did say he remembers one special gift when he was 11.
“When it got approved for kids to wear a one-piece mask, I got one for Christmas, a Badger,” Miller said. “It was really heavy and huge, and probably overkill as far as protection. But everyone thought with goalies, if we were going to let kids wear these helmets they have to be like a tank. So you put the thing on and it was ridiculous. It certainly didn't help me move and track the puck, that's for sure. But it was exciting because I felt like an NHL goalie wearing that mask.”
For a lot of young goaltenders, that feeling is enough to spark a lifelong passion for the position. And finding some new gear under the tree this Christmas might even start a path to the NHL. InGoal hopes all our readers found something inspiring under their tree today.
