EMBED >More News Videos Watch Action Cam video from Germantown after police responded to reports of an out-of-control mob of teenagers.
EMBED >More News Videos Councilwoman speaks about preventing teen violence. Dann Cuellar reports during Action News at 11 p.m. on July 17, 2017.
EMBED >More News Videos Teen mob in Germantown: Jeannette Reyes reports during Action News at noon on July 17, 2017.
EMBED >More News Videos Teen mob in Germantown: Jeannette Reyes reports during Action News at noon on July 17, 2017.
There are a lot of different opinions about what occurred Sunday night in the Germantown section of Philadelphia.Some neighbors say they saw some of the hundreds of young people on hand throwing bottles at police and being disrespectful. The teens who coordinated a party in the area tell Action News there was nothing violent; they say it was just a cookout advertised on social media that attracted far too many of their friends.Videos posted to Facebook appear to show a chaotic scene in the 1100 of East Chelten Avenue.Hundreds of young people flooded into the streets surrounding police cars.Some who organized and attended the gathering told us it was just a big crowd, but nothing violent."We just had a little cookout for a little get-together around our way. It wasn't really a flash mob kind of thing, it was just like all of our friends coming together to have a cookout. But a lot of people came out for us," Jahmir Williams of Germantown said.The cookout at the Lonnie Young Rec Center playground was organized via social media. Police estimated some 500 young people showed up."This was something that was generated from social media. Once again, social media can be a great thing, but there are certain perils that come with it," Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross said.Organizers tell Action News they did not have a permit and police shut the event down."The cops came and shut it down. When the cops shut it down, people got mad. So we had to stand out here," Alex Williams told Action News while standing on a Germantown corner.Surveillance video shows some of the young people gathering on surrounding streets.Police asked a nearby restaurant to close to try to get the crowd to go home.One woman said the situation got way out of hand and she witnessed bottles being thrown at officers."What they did to the police. They were so disrespectful, throwing bottles and everything, it was so disrespectful. I got emotional," the woman said.Laverne Preston said there wouldn't have been any problems had the police just allowed to kids to carry on with the cookout."They were doing fine. They were having a good time. They were only being teenagers. Once the cops came with all these different cars, running them all over the place, that's when it got wild," Preston said.Police made no arrests and nobody was hurt.The young people who were involved with organizing the event say they plan to try again, but next time with the proper permits and supervision.----------
Illustration by Matt Lubchansky.
Good afternoon! For a while now, Atlas Obscura has been talking about an advice column—and now, we have the perfect Atlas Obscura advice columnist.
Meet Zardulu, myth-maker extraordinaire—her adventures with, say, training rats or creating the three-eyed Gowanus catfish have been written up in the New York Times and featured on Reply All and elsewhere. She's going to take an unusual approach to answering any and all life questions. In her words:
“When the answers elude you, call upon the secret wisdom of the ancient world. Call upon Zardulu. As a practitioner of various mystical traditions, she offers practical advice, opinion and commentary with a unique perspective. She is best known for fabricating dozens of viral news stories in publications from National Geographic to the New York Times, an art she calls ‘Zardulism'. Drawn from the principles of Surrealism, her art similarly has its origins in visionary imagination and symbolic thought. This lead to an interest in the work of psychologist Carl Jung whose theories on these subjects, and esoteric leanings, lead her to practicing tarot and other forms of supernatural query. But it's not all academic; the advice she gives is equally rooted in her own, diverse life experience and she is ready to address both your most ordinary, and unordinary, questions and concerns.”
Zardulu will be taking your questions about any topic—from family drama to travel advice. For the next week or so, we'll be taking your questions for her first column, so please be in touch with us at askzardulu@atlasobscura.com. Be sure to let Zardulu know whether you want your real name or identifying info used. Let Zardulu decode the mysteries of your life!
Most graphics editors have a stamp or clone feature that allow you to repeat the same pattern with a click of the mouse. Krita is no exception. However, as often happens, Krita has a logic of its own, and in this case the feature is hidden among the characteristics of brushes.
In 2.9, the latest release, it is specified as being a selection for the brush tip, the part of the brush that comes directly in contact with the canvas. For sketching or painting, the brush tip is typically a circle or rectangle, sometimes with modifications, but you can make a custom brush tip for a brush that is a stamp in three ways: from text, from a selection in the current document, or from the contents of a clipboard.
Krita installs with dozens of what I call stamp brushes since I have been unable to find an existing name for them. In fact, I suspect that the lack of name might be a deliberate attempt to reduce jargon and unify the concept of brushes in general. These brushes are listed under Edit brush settings > Predefined with the other brush tips, where each can be sized, rotated, and spaced, and tried out in the blank pane on the right of the window.
However, in many cases, you might want a custom stamp brush or two. For instance, you may wanto to create a stamp with your signature, or with a company logo. More elaborately, you could develop stamp brushes for symbols on a map, or for filling in a background of trees to save yourself brush strokes in a painting.
The simplest stamp brush is based on a single line of text. Go to the Text tab in Edit brush settings, enter the text and set its font and spacing, and you can apply the text to the canvas by clicking the mouse. If you use a dingbat font, in which the letters are replaced by simple images, you can suddenly have several dozen images to choose from.
By contrast, if you go to the Stamp tab, the contents of the current document becomes the stamp. However, the result is often unwieldy, so you will probably want to use only a selection of the document instead. The contents or selection displays in the preview, and you can name and customize the stamp.
A brush from the clipboard works in a similar fashion, except that it is created on the Clipboard tab. It is useful for importing material for stamps from other applications. Clipboard stamps are also a useful way to import images, since Krita is a KDE application, and has access to Klipper, KDE's multiple clipboard.
You can add all three kinds of custom stamp brush tips Krita's pre-sets for the rest of the present session by selecting Temporarily Save Tweaks into PreSets. You can also set stamps from the current document for immediate use with Use as Tip. Both stamps from the current document and from the clipboard can also be selected for Add to Predefined Tips, making them available with any brush.
All brush tips, whether stamps or not, have at least a couple of dozen of other settings, but only a few settings are essentially for creating a stamp brush. However, if you want to start somewhere in your understanding of brushes, stamp brushes are a better place than most because they are easy to learn, and can reduce much of the repetition of developing a canvas.
Cover Photo: Pictures by Claudio Bianchi for Pixabay.com
'It was terrifying': Maine woman attacked by raccoon drowns rabid animal in puddle https://t.co/qFirxueDtw pic.twitter.com/YPaDGwQqwR — Bangor Daily News (@bangordailynews) June 14, 2017
HOPE, Maine (AP) — A Maine woman says a rabid raccoon attacked her while she was out for a run, so she drowned it in a puddle.
Rachel Borch, of Hope, says she was running in woods near her home June 2 when she saw the raccoon charging with its teeth bared. She says she knew the animal was going to bite her, so she held out her hands so it would bite her there.
The 21-year-old says she then noticed a puddle in a nearby swampy area. She ran over with the rabid animal still biting down on her thumb and held its head underwater until it drowned.
Advertisement
Hope Animal Control Officer Heidi Blood praised Borch's composure, and says she is in the hospital for rabies exposure treatment.
According to an ESPN report, the first coaching staff domino to fall to begin the Tom Herman era at Texas is Houston offensive line coach Derek Warehime, who will apparently join Herman's staff on the 40 Acres.
Warehime spent the previous two seasons under Herman as Houston's offensive line coach after leaving his role at New Mexico State as the tight ends coach, run game coordinator, and special teams coordinator for three seasons.
The last hire of Herman's initial staff at Houston, Warehime's time as an undersized center at Tulsa reminded Herman of his time as an undersized wide receiver for California Lutheran.
“I think him knowing the type of player that I was, undersized, so I had to be an effort guy and a chip-on-my-shoulder guy, and that's kind of my style of coaching,” Warehime told The Daily News. “I think that's what he saw in me as a young coach, as a graduate assistant.”
Warehime's ties to Herman date back to 2007 when the two were on the Rice staff together. At that point, Herman was Rice's offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach while Warehime served as a graduate assistant.
“We really just kind of clicked,” Warehime said.
In 2015, Warehime's offensive line at Houston lost 34 games due to injuries, including three players lost for the season. Despite playing 11 different lineups in 14 games, the unit ranked No. 27 nationally in stuff rate and No. 30 in rushing yards per attempt.
Second-team All-AAC selection Alex Cooper played three different positions for the line and all-conference honorable mention selection Will Noble emerged at center despite the fact that he was scheduled to redshirt for the first six games.
“At the end of the day it's our job to prepare these kids for the most difficult moment, and that's what we do every day,” Warehime said. “We stress them. We're hard on them. We love on them so whenever they go out there on that field with their brothers, they can feel comfortable and go cut loose and play ball the way everybody wants to go play ball.”
An Oklahoma native, Warehime started 34 games at center for Tulsa from 2001 to 2004 and was an first-team All-WAC as a senior.
Hard-line religious activists in Russia are really offended by Facebook's new same-sex marriage icons and want the social networking website banned from the country.
Russian Orthodox activists in the southern city of Saratov claim the icons are "gay propaganda," and have told Facebook to stop "flirting with sodomites." The group sent Facebook a 24-hour ultimatum to the site's offices in Russia, which Facebook has reportedly ignored, according to news service RussiaToday.
Undeterred, the activists have threatened to sue Internet service providers who provide access to Facebook. They've also begun a signature-signing campaign to reinstate a 1993 law that banned homosexuality. According to an Orthodox leader, the campaign has logged 34,000 signatures in three days. They hope to collect at least 1 million signatures and present the petition to the Russian parliament.
Facebook "openly popularizes homosexuality among minors," according to orthodox activist Vladmiry Roslyakovsky, who is spearheading the campaign. He added that the movement has gained support from Muslim, Jewish and Catholic members.
Roslyakovsky said the same-sex marriage icons could influence minors to turn gay because the United States's goal is for Russians to stop having children. He told a Saratov news organization that he is "confident that Russian laws and reasonable citizens will be able to protect their children from a fierce attack of sodomites."
A pro-LGBT activist told Gay Star News that the activist's controversy-baiting comments is to "attract attention" because using gay topics in a negative light is a "very simple way to get popularity in Russia."
The Daily Dot reached out to Facebook for comment but has not received a response.
This article originally published at The Daily Dot here
Buy Photo In responding to a 1958 Chamber survey, several Springfield restaurants described the special circumstances under which they served blacks. (Photo: Steve Pokin/News-Leader)Buy Photo
Fifty people. Oh my God.
I wrote the column which follows on Friday, prior to 50 people being killed early Sunday in a gay nightclub in Orlando. It was supposed to have run in Monday's newspaper.
My editors decided to hold it a day for print because of the sad, violent tragedy in Orlando, our nation's worst mass shooting.
I don't know the true motives of the shooter in Orlando, who was killed by a police SWAT team. Apparently, he had pledged his allegiance to the Islamic state. Apparently, he was mentally unstable. Apparently, he hated gays and lesbians.
With an extra day to think about what I wrote on Friday, all I want to add is that I believe when you systemically discriminate against a certain type of people — whether it's blacks or gays and whether you can find support for it in the Bible or not — it gives a running start to those already harboring dislike and fear of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people.
In my view, it makes it easier for fear and dislike to build momentum to hate.
Here's my column:
Reader John Wyrsch recently sent me a document that made me wonder how so many conservative Christians cannot see discrimination against gays and lesbians as clearly as they see discrimination against blacks.
Many want a law passed to protect them should they, in their view, exercise their religious liberty by not doing business with gays, lesbians, bisexual and transgender people.
To me, that would be nothing more than discrimination.
Wyrsch, 68, sent me a copy of the 1958 Springfield Chamber of Commerce's Report on Integration. I found it fascinating for several reasons.
In the first place, why did the Springfield chamber — serving one of the most conservative areas of Missouri — ask local business if they served blacks?
Then, I also was surprised that 116 restaurants responded, as did 22 hotels, 57 motels and six theaters.
Remember, this was six years prior to the 1964 Civil Rights Act, which made it illegal to discriminate based on race, color, sex or national origin.
Here's why the Springfield chamber did the study: Because the Rev. Thomas Zimmerman asked it to.
Zimmerman was chairman of the chamber's Civic Affairs Committee. And guess what denomination the reverend was?
He was with the Assemblies of God.
Not only was Zimmerman an Assembles of God minister, the next year, 1959, he started a 26-year tenure as superintendent of the Assemblies of God. He died in 1991.
In contrast to Zimmerman's push for the study, the Assemblies of God in recent years had dug in to oppose gay marriage, which the U.S. Supreme Court made the law of the land in 2015.
The denomination, based here in Springfield, today strongly opposes laws that would protect the LGBT community. Its most prominent pastor in the Ozarks — the Rev. John Lindell, who heads James River Church, with a Sunday attendance of 9,200 — last year from the pulpit encouraged his congregation to repeal SOGI.
SOGI was a City Council-approved law passed to protect the LGBT community from discrimination in Springfield. Voters narrowly repealed the law in April 2015.
I know what you're thinking.
Hey Pokin! Two different issues. In the eyes of conservative Christians, being black is not a sin, but homosexuality is.
First, our form of government protects citizens from the will of the religious majority. We are a nation of law. Live your faith through the way you live your life, not by how you marginalize someone else's life.
Also, I believe that the Bible packs a powerful punch. But don't use it to harm others. Don't pick verses to hurt those already on the fringes.
For example, too many pastors did just that to try to uphold slavery, citing verses like this from the Book of Peter: “Slaves, obey your earthly masters with respect and fear, and with sincerity of heart, just as you would obey Christ.”
Take-out only
But back to the 1958 Chamber of Commerce Report. It revealed what most everyone knew. Blacks were not treated as full citizens in Springfield.
Of the 116 restaurants that responded: 76 white-owned restaurants did not serve blacks and 26 did. There were three black-owned restaurants that served blacks and 11 white-owned restaurants that did "under certain conditions."
Several owners detailed those conditions. Some served blacks "take-out only"; Bob's Place said "only in a separate dining room"'; Carl's Cafe responded "only in one certain booth, or at the counter"'; and the Colonial Dinner House said only "a colored servant traveling with a white family, or a group of colored people large enough to fill one of their private dining rooms,which may be closed off."
Regarding the 22 hotel owners, only one white-owned business would rent a room to a black person. That was the YWCA. The YMCA would not provide a room to a black person.
Of the 57 motels surveyed, 46 owned by whites did not provide lodging to blacks. Eight white-owned businesses said they did (including, oddly enough, the Snow White Lodge) and two said they occasionally did. The one black-owned business served blacks.
At Springfield's six theaters, three allowed blacks and three didn't.
The Landers Theatre had a balcony section open to blacks on certain nights. The Springfield Drive-In Theatre and the Sunset Drive-In Theatre allowed blacks.
The Fox, Gillioz and Tower theaters did not.
The chamber committee concluded with these words, written under the name of chairman Phillip L. Roper, then president of the Roper Electric Company. He died in 2010.
"The findings of our study are shameful for a city which boasts of its many churches and Christian atmosphere, and which takes such pride in the display of its having been chosen as one of the few 'All-American' cities.
"We feel that it is shameful that all human beings, regardless of color, who have the price of a meal, the price of a night's lodging, or the price of a theater ticket can't go into any place of their choosing and receive the same services and treatment accorded all persons."
Change is coming in our nation, where all men and women are created equal. So we are told. Let's not lag behind that ideal here in the Ozarks.
These are the views of Steve Pokin, the News-Leader's columnist. Pokin has been at the paper four years and over the course of his career has covered just about everything — from courts and cops to features and fitness. He can be reached at 836-1253, spokin@gannett.com, on Twitter @stevepokinNL or by mail at 651 N. Boonville, Springfield, MO 65806.
Read or Share this story: http://sgfnow.co/28xzZLF
This summer, the Tower Of London will be surrounded by a sea of crimson. This installation, conceived by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper, will commemorate each and every British or Colonial fatality from World War 1 by planting 888, 246 red ceramic poppies in a flowing sea around the tower.
The installation, entitled “Blood Swept Lands And Seas Of Red,” will be unveiled on August 5th, exactly 100 years after the first day of Britain involvement in World War 1. The final, 888,246th flower will be planted on November 11th, 2014 – a day of remembrance in the U.K. set aside to commemorate the end of the war.
The ceramic flowers will be sold for 25 pounds a piece, and 10% of the proceeds will be split evenly among 6 different service-related charities.
More info: hrp.org.uk | paulcumminsceramics.com | Twitter (h/t: thisiscolossal)
Image credits: Historic Royal Palaces
Image credits: Massimo Usai
Image credits: Historic Royal Palaces
Image credits: Historic Royal Palaces
Image credits: Historic Royal Palaces
Image credits: Massimo Usai
Image credits: Massimo Usai
Image credits: Historic Royal Palaces
Image credits: Massimo Usai
Image credits: Historic Royal Palaces
PAPUA NEW GUINEA, Papua New Guinea — Canada's young team ended the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup with a 5-0 loss to Japan on Sunday.
Canada, with an eye to the future, fielded a team with an average age of 17.3 at the tournament, with six members of the starting lineup playing at the U-17 World Cup, and seven players eligible to play in the next U-20 World Cup.
"Our goal going into Papua New Guinea was to test our players against strong teams — and we got that playing against Spain, Nigeria and Japan — and to ensure key players in our Excel System (development program) that are tracking towards our national women's Team gained experience against various styles of international football," said Canada's U-20 coach Daniel Worthington.
"Playing three confederation champions, in the heat of Papua New Guinea, tested these players and gave us an opportunity to assess how they responded to various conditions and styles of play."
Canada ended the tournament 0-3.
The Excel System, designed by women's head coach John Herdman, has produced eight national team players and Olympic bronze medallists in Kadeisha Buchanan, Ashley Lawrence, Jessie Fleming, Rebecca Quinn, Janine Beckie, Shelina Zadorsky, Deanne Rose, and Gabrielle Carle.
Introduction Foreword by monk: Earlier last season, Irronman aka coreyrj hit rank 1 Legendary on NA with a curious Token Druid deck. After posting about his achievement on Earlier last season, Irronman aka coreyrj hit rank 1 Legendary on NA with a curious Token Druid deck. After posting about his achievement on reddit , he received a lot of inquires about how to play the deck and even a few requests for a guide. Today, I am pleased to present said guide.
By Irronman
For our readers who are unfamiliar with the Token Druid archetype, it's an aggressive variation of Druid designed to secure board presence through efficient early and mid-game minions, flood the board through token generation, and pump them with Savage Roar Power of the Wild
Initially my thoughts regarding 'Token Druid' were likely the same as most of the community: "Token Druid is inconsistent, how is it meant to perform without drawing into its Violet Teacher
The thing that surprised me the most about Token Druid was its versatility. It has the capacity to play the long game vs control decks -- with Ancient of Lore Cenarius Argent Squire Harvest Golem Claw
When we're looking at the Hearthstone ranked ladder -- and climbing it specifically -- the most important consideration in a deck is won percentage. You aren't crafting a deck to counter a specific archetype, you're crafting a deck that performs the most consistently against the field of decks you are likely to be playing against; therefore, versatile decks make for the best Ranked decks.
The second thing to consider after selecting a versatile or adaptive deck archetype is the current state of the meta game; for example, which decks are the most popular at the moment and which cards are most popular within those decks. Understanding your selected deck, and the state of the meta game, is critical when deciding which cards should be in your deck. For our readers who are unfamiliar with the Token Druid archetype, it's an aggressive variation of Druid designed to secure board presence through efficient early and mid-game minions, flood the board through token generation, and pump them withor(PotW) for the win.Initially my thoughts regarding 'Token Druid' were likely the same as most of the community: "Token Druid is inconsistent, how is it meant to perform without drawing into its- PotW combo"?The thing that surprised me the most about Token Druid was its versatility. It has the capacity to play the long game vs control decks -- withand-- and manages to contest the board early against aggro decks withs,s, ands. The deck's versatility can be partly attributed to many of the Druid's class cards which give you an option on how to play the card. All said, Token Druid is a deck that wants to snowball board position: securing the early/mid game is often going to secure you the game.When we're looking at the Hearthstone ranked ladder -- and climbing it specifically -- the most important consideration in a deck is won percentage. You aren't crafting a deck to counter a specific archetype, you're crafting a deck that performs the most consistently against the field of decks you are likely to be playing against; therefore, versatile decks make for the best Ranked decks.The second thing to consider after selecting a versatile or adaptive deck archetype is the current state of the meta game; for example, which decks are the most popular at the moment and which cards are most popular within those decks. Understanding your selected deck, and the state of the meta game, is critical when deciding which cards should be in your deck.
Budget Deck Replacements
Since this deck runs three Legendaries, one of which being a flexible slot, it is a good budget option for newer players. The following is ordered by least easily replaced to most easily replaced.
Bloodmage Thalnos Replacing this cards slot is honestly a little bit tricky, only two obvious options come to mind: the first being Loot Hoarder; and the second being Kobold Geomancer Bloodmage
Leeroy Jenkins This card can be replaced with a Force of Nature Leeroy Savage Roar Whelp Force of Nature
Cenarius While I am in love with this card at the moment, there are a many substitutions like Azure Drake Imp Master
Since this deck runs three Legendaries, one of which being a flexible slot, it is a good budget option for newer players. The following is ordered by least easily replaced to most easily replaced.Replacing this cards slot is honestly a little bit tricky, only two obvious options come to mind: the first being Loot Hoarder; and the second beingis likely going to be used more for the spell damage combo than it is to cycle cards so I would lean towards the Kobold, but it's hard to feel good about the substitution.This card can be replaced with aand can be used in largely a similar way: burst late game or desperate mid-game removal.costing 2 manas less, however, makes it much easier to combo withs and it sticks to the board. Token Druid has a lot of ways to deal with thes. That said, don't feel as bad about this substitution because there are situations where you're going to be wanting a Force instead, it is more effective in the aggro Warlock match up for example. A secondalso increases your chances of finding that turn nine lethal.While I am in love with this card at the moment, there are a many substitutions likeorwhich can work just as well in the deck: experiment with this slot and see what works best for you!
This article is over 6 years old
Yevgeny Urlashov wins 70% of vote in Yaroslavl, easily defeating the candidate of Vladimir Putin's party
An anti-corruption campaigner has won a landslide victory in a city mayoral election in Russia, dealing a blow to the pro-Kremlin party and energising the opposition.
Yevgeny Urlashov won 70% of Sunday's vote in Yaroslavl, a city of about 590,000, easily defeating the acting mayor, who was the candidate of Vladimir Putin's United Russia party.
Urlashov's victory reflects growing public irritation with official corruption and social inequality. It gives new hope to Russia's opposition, which has struggled to maintain momentum after Putin won a third presidential term last month.
Opposition leaders have urged their supporters to focus on local elections, and Urlashov's victory is likely to bolster that strategy.
"People of Yaroslavl have grown tired of corruption and nepotism. They want changes," Urlashov said on Monday on Ekho Moskvy radio.
He has promised to fight graft by introducing tight public control over the city government's spending, and to cut red tape.
Beefcake: It's what's for dinner. There's a new restaurant opening up in Dallas, Texas, and its signature dish is hot men. According to a Facebook page for the eatery, aptly titled Tallywackers, the venue will feature scantily clad male waiters — like a male version of Hooters.
According to the Huffington Post, the menu will include items like pasta, pizza, and hot dogs. (Because symbolism.) No word on any Hooters-esque wings yet, though.
A spokesperson for Tallywackers said its founder was inspired to start his own restaurant while "enjoying the business we all know and love as 'Hooters.'"
"He asked himself the same question we've all been asking for years: 'Why isn't there a male version for the opposite demographic?'" the spokesperson told HuffPost. "After thorough planning and scouting for the perfect location, we are excited to launch Tallywackers, a bar, restaurant, and live entertainment venue here in the heart of Dallas, Tex."
The restaurant is apparently located in a predominantly gay neighborhood, but the spokesperson said they are "expecting and [will] welcome a diverse clientele, including women."
Indeed, several women have already voiced their enthusiasm for the idea on the company's Facebook page. "I haven't been here…but I think this is an AMAZING idea…women enjoy looking at 'scenic views' too!!!" one commenter wrote. "Heck yea!!!"
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Summer reading is important for all kids to help expand their knowledge, but finding the right books for your kids can be difficult. Marc Villa, book lover from Politics and Prose, compiled a list of the 8 best reads for your kids.
1) Something's Fishy by Kevin McCloskey This is a book a for younger children and has beautiful illustration to portray the life of a goldfish.
2) The Banana-Leaf Ball by Katie Smith Milway and Shane W. Evans. This book, for ages 8-11, is about how sports like soccer can inspire and bring people together.
3) King & Kayla and the Case of the Secret Code by Dori Hillestad Butler. This book, for ages 4-8, centers around a girl and a dog solving a mystery.
4) Grand Canyon by Jason Chin. This book, for ages 7-12, features stunning illustrations focusing on a girl traveling through the Grand Canyon and learning about its history.
5) Sputnik's Guide to Life on Earth by Frank Cottrell Boyce. This novel, for ages 8-12, features aliens, dogs, and friendship helping to save the universe.
7) One Last Word by Nikki Grimes. This more mature book combines poetry from different poets of the Harlem Renaissance with the author's original work.
8) When Dimple Met Rishi by Sandhya Menon. This teen rom-com centers around two Indian-American teenagers having their marriages arranged by their parents.
Check out Marc Villa's segment on Great Day Washington here!
Want more articles like this? Follow Great Day Washington on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram for more! Watch everyday at 9am on WUSA9.
What is it and why should I care?
Unit testing is the term generally associated with the process of writing code specifically purposed for testing your application functionality. You write test code to run your functional application code and verify the results.
Note: Unit testing is actually a specific subset of this idea focused on the individual unit (generally recognized as a single class and/or method). Other testing techniques (integration, end-to-end, functional) are also extremely valuable, but unit testing is the most well-known and most of the concepts are transferrable.
So, what does unit testing provide to me and why should I want to use it? Let me try to address that in two parts.
1. Development
Since unit testing is fundamentally an activity that goes on during the development of software, let me first consider what developers use it for. Considering the proper use of unit testing (I'll address improper use below), it provides you primarily with confidence and quality (which are arguably the same thing in my constrained definition here). I've had discussions with people who say it offers a lot more, and certainly you can argue that point, but for me all of the myriad reasons come back to confidence and quality. You've exercised the code enough (and you continually do so) that you feel confident that your code works the way you expected it to work. There's a lot that goes into this ideal world where you have good tests, but it can be practically done, and it makes an immense difference in the quality of code that you produce.
2. Security
So, unit testing inside the development process produces confidence and quality. What do we get from it when applied to security? … The same thing. Security is no different from other code from the perspective of correctness, though it is arguably less well understood in many organizations. At the end of the day, though, we should treat security requirements with the same rigor we would treat performance, functionality, or any other requirement. We should specify what we expect, build to that, test to that, and produce that. Unit testing is a fantastic tool that can be applied to produce confidence and quality in the implementation of security in an application.
What should I do about it?
“You should stop everything you're doing on the app you're currently working on and go back and make sure you have at least 80% code coverage with your tests.” I put that in quotes because, sadly, I had a previous job (long ago) where I was informed that this was exactly what I needed to do. I thought they were joking at first, but I quickly found out that this was their real requirement. No matter that the number was seemingly arbitrary and that the tests they gave me as “good examples of what we're looking for” didn't actually examine the output of the test, but rather just ran the code (READ: not a real test). No, testing was all about hitting a number, and saying you did it.
If that's the way you look at testing, you get no value from it, and it actually costs you quite a bit in development, configuration and execution.
Ok, so if not that, then what?
Getting Started
Here are a couple ideas I'd recommend when first starting out on the path to good unit testing.
1. Read a good book or article on unit testing and the concepts and ideas. Kent Beck in particular has produced excellent resources on the topic.
2. Read somebody else's (good) test code. I always recommend this when folks are getting started. I usually recommend something like the Spring framework, which has some of the highest quality code around, to use as a starting point to get good ideas for how to test. Look at the class they are testing and the tests they wrote for it. This will get you a good idea of what's going on.
Once you've gotten through the initial learning phase regarding real unit testing, here are a few more ideas that I've seen work pretty well. Certainly add to or remove from this list to make it work in your environment, but at least consider the concepts. (Also, here is someone else's list if you'd like some additional ideas)
Good Ideas
1. Build a regression suite
A huge advantage of writing another full set of code to test your functional code is that the code stays around (also can have a bad result at times for maintenance, but let's focus on the positive here). That means you have an incredible regression test suite. This is one of the most powerful things about unit testing. You've written some function, and a few tests to cover it. You modify the function in order to add some new functionality, and now one of your tests breaks. This happens constantly, but is a strong safety net. This is one of the single best things I've ever had to learn the hard way that I needed.
2. Write good tests
Writing a test that exercises a method is trivial – call the method with necessary parameters … done. This is the cheap (and useless) way to do testing. What you should do (and you'll learn this in the book) is written positive and negative tests for the method. Think about nulls. Think about boundary conditions for your parameters. What happens if I send a negative number in or what if I send Integer.MAX_VALUE? Inspect the return values from functions and make sure they align with your expectations.
This type of “how can I break this” thinking usually comes natural to good security folks, so it's actually a good fit for them. However, good developers certainly get this mindset as they test more, and it's extremely beneficial for both functional and security tests. This is a cool and powerful way to get developers who aren't security minded going with security.
3. Start small
This piece of advice is given for almost everything, but that's because it works. Certainly begin practising on some insignificant code or even just make a sample app to get going. However, when getting good tests into your code-base, I generally recommend picking either/or a) your most important classes or b) your most buggy classes. You'll likely be surprised at the number of bugs you find when you start the process, but just remember those are bugs your customer won't find!
4. Capture metrics (and use them)
There are lots of tools that help you capture metrics over source code or bug repositories. It's really a fun exercise to see the number of reported bugs go down as your number of unit tests goes up. You can also use data like the number of bugs in code in a certain part of the application, or written by a certain developer to identify where to focus your testing efforts.
5. Use tools to help you out
You could certainly write your own unit testing framework, but why when others have already done it. In the Java world, the reigning king is JUnit. Martin Fowler is quoted as saying “never in the field of software development have so many owed so much to so few lines of code” when referencing JUnit. The idea behind JUnit is simple, but it's notable because the execution is great, and there are lots of additional tools, like IDE support and build tool support, that make using it so simple.
6. Do code coverage
A bit earlier, I knocked on code coverage because I feel it's a pretty weak metric in and of itself. However, it is a valuable tool in combination with a quality process. If you know your tests are good, and you know that you cover 85% of your significant code, then you're doing pretty well. Again assuming that you're tests are good, this can be another metric in the process that points to improvement.
As far as tools go, there are several, but I generally recommend EclEmma for this purpose.
7. Code review your tests with the code they're testing
Yes, you should code review your tests. This is part of the “writing good tests” process. You need to ensure that people are testing their code, and that they are doing it correctly. Just fold this into your code review process, and you're golden.
8. Test different requirements
Don't just test functionality. Test for performance. Test for security. Test for other types of requirements. All these things can be added, and they'll improve your confidence and quality.
9. Add a test when you get a bug
When you find a bug, do this:
– add a test that covers the bug
– make sure all the existing tests pass, but the new test fails
– fix the code
– make sure all tests pass
This process allows you to make sure you don't regress over time and that the same bug doesn't come back to haunt you.
10. Write your tests first … at least on paper
A lot of people swear by Test Driven Development, the idea that you write all your tests for a method/class _before_ you write the class. You ensure all of them fail. You then write the class, and by the time all the tests pass (assuming you've written tests to cover every scenario and that the tests are accurate and “good), then you're done with coding.
I'm personally not a stickler for this process, though there are advantages. If you're doing a brand-new project, this can be great, but a lot of the work developers do is on legacy code (even if only a few weeks/months old), and a lot of that doesn't have tests, so we have to have a process that allows for that.
What I will say is that you should write your tests separately from the code. All tests come from the requirements, not the code. This is an important point, and is where most new test writers fail – they write the tests to work with the code that's there, not to test the actual code. Of course if you're writing tests meant to work for the code you see, those tests should pass. It's divorcing yourself from the implementation when you're writing tests that's important. This is something you shouldn't sacrifice on.
11. Don't let testing replace modelling altogether
In this superb talk, Glenn Vanderburg points out that software engineering relies quite heavily on modelling, when we can achieve many of the same desired results through testing. He talks about aerospace engineers using modelling, followed by a prototype, but says that of course they would use the prototype every time if it were as cheap as the modelling, since it's actually testing the “real thing”. I think this point does ring true to an extent. I don't personally like using modelling extensively because in practice it's a) overkill and b) outdated as quickly as you can create it. However, I do think higher-level modelling adds significant value and that testing is never going to be able to effectively replace it because the value is in the mental exercise of considering the system at a higher level, which testing often doesn't do properly, or at least effectively.
12. Continuous testing
Continuous integration platforms are common nowadays, but there are still lots of people not using them (but you SHOULD!). However, they really are extremely helpful for testing. They all include the idea that the unit tests should be run on every build. This is powerful because it forces you to find the broken tests quickly and fix them while what you changed is still fresh on your mind. If you don't have a CI environment, your build system and configuration should at least allow you to do this every time you build, and then you should have your process include that step.
13. Get unit testing into your SDLC.
It sounds sad to say, but you have to force testing as a requirement or there will be those that won't do it. Testing is a definite and important step in the SDLC and should be represented as such. I will note here that I fully believe your good developers will really enjoy the effect of the unit tests once they use them (even if they still don't like writing them). Every good developer I've worked with has thought good tests were worth their weight in gold.
14. Add in tests for integration, functional, end-to-end, etc.
Unit testing is really a subset of the larger testing scope. There are tests at the component, business function, application, etc. levels and all of these should be tested. All of the same rules above apply to these as well. It's really great to be able to hit a button and know that your application is being run through the gauntlet of unit, integration, functional, and end-to-end tests. It's a pretty powerful concept.
One notable (and cool) example of this specifically as it relates to security is the use of security regression testing using the OWASP ZAP tool.
Conclusion
Unit testing is one of those ideas that's not really specifically for security, but actually does quite a bit for security if applied correctly. It's also a great way to get developers and security people working together for a common goal.
It's also near and dear to my heart as I think it's been the single most important idea that's helped me improve as a developer over the years. I hope it's as useful for you as it has been for me.
References
———–
http://www.confreaks.com/videos/282-lsrc2010-real-software-engineering
http://swreflections.blogspot.com/2012/01/static-analysis-isnt-development.html
http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/12_unit_testing_tips_for_software_engineers.php
Those creative folks at SEIU (Service Employees International Union) have done it again. They are flooding the switchboards at Goldman Sachs, telling them that union workers are tired of bailing out the companies that are eliminating American jobs.
Want to join in the fun? Call Goldman's executive offices at (212) 902-1000, and tell them that nobody makes big profits at public expense while 10.2 percent of Americans are unemployed.
The idea here is to make the "transaction costs," as business people say, of using public dollars so high that Wall Street firms will think twice before feeding at the public trough again. Better to face their peers at Deustche Bank, ING, and Societe Internationale before pulling a switcheroo on the American taxpayer -- begging with one hand and skimming with the other. Being publicly shamed can be a deterrent, especially when your nose is rubbed in it.
Oh dear, but then we'll be accused of being "populists." Have you noticed how "populism" has become the dirty word du jour? As though what the people think is irrelevant, or even worse, stupid? Check how patronizing the pundits are when they use the term.
Populism in my history books was a good thing, started in the late 1800s when a Kansan named Mary Lease reputedly urged farmers to "raise less corn and more hell." She helped lead a movement to fight back against the concentrated economic interests that were destroying the quality of life of the average American--most of whom were farmers.
Her motto? "Wall Street owns the country. It is no longer a government of the people, by the people, and for the people, but a government of Wall Street, by Wall Street, and for Wall Street." Sounds as relevant today as it was more than a century ago.
Unfortunately, the populist movement has often been portrayed as synonymous with racism and nativism, as though other political groups in America at that time were not infected with the same biases. They were. Yet it is only in a politics where the overall good of the people counts for something that the social fabric will stay strong. Once it unravels, the only other option is revolution.
That reminds me of those greatest populists of all time, the framers of the American Constitution. We tend to forget this, but according to Professor Akhil Reed Amar of Yale Law School, the ratification of the Constitution was "the most . . . populist event the Earth had ever seen."
Nearly two years later, Boehner and his leadership team finally moved against four of their most frequent Republican antagonists, stripping them of key committee assignments. The move backfired. Conservatives labeled it a "purge," and a month later, three of the targeted members joined with several other colleagues to embarrass Boehner on the floor of the House with a badly-organized attempt to oust him as speaker. The next two years were no easier for the leadership, which continued to struggle passing key legislation without relying on Democrats for help.
That brings us to Tuesday, when the revolt against Boehner more than doubled in size from 2013, and 24 Republicans backed someone else for speaker. Unlike two years ago, this opposition did not catch the leadership by surprise. Within hours of the vote, word got out that the strongest of Boehner's three challengers, Representative Daniel Webster of Florida, and one of his 12 supporters, Rich Nugent of Florida, had been removed from their posts on the Rules Committee. (Whether getting thrown off the Rules Committee, a plum but pretty boring assignment, is actually a punishment is another debate, but its members are appointed by the speaker.) A third dissident, Tim Huelskamp of Kansas, told reporters that within an hour of sending a tweet announcing his intent to vote against Boehner, a committee chairman (whom he would not name) called him to tell him a subcommittee post he wanted was now gone.
Yet even those punishments might not stick. Predictably, conservatives immediately denounced the moves against Webster and Nugent. Ted Yoho, another of Boehner's Florida challengers, was overheard by a Roll Call reporter comparing the speaker to Vladimir Putin and his even stronger-armed Soviet predecessors. "Hey, welcome to the new USSR," he said. (Just an hour or so earlier, Yoho was telling reporters that his beef with Boehner had been "laid to rest" after the speaker vote.) On Wednesday morning, in the first meeting of the full House GOP conference in the new Congress, other conservatives rose to protest any retributive action. "I voiced what I think is an ubiquitous opinion among the conference that revenge should never be any part of any equation like this," Representative Trent Franks, a conservative who had backed Boehner, told reporters afterward. "Nothing sows the seeds of revolution more effectively among family members than vengeful retribution."
At a subsequent press conference, Boehner turned to euphemisms and said that no final decisions about committee assignments had been made, pending "a family conversation" among Republicans. That talk began on Wednesday and would continue. Pointedly, the speaker refused to say whether any of the 20-odd other members who rebelled were safe from punishment. As for Webster and Nugent, they hadn't been returned to the Rules Committee, but neither had their replacements been named.
The White House is holding a number of meetings on possible National Security Agency reforms. President Barack Obama reportedly met with staffers for intelligence officials on January 8 in a meeting that was classified “top secret.”
A top lawyer for the administration, Kathy Ruemmler, is scheduled to hear from “civil liberties groups” on January 9. Meanwhile, Obama will be meeting with lawmakers, including Senators Mark Udall and Ron Wyden and Representative Jim Sensenbrenner, who have promoted legislation to reform the NSA ever since disclosures from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden were first published.
The meetings come after the president's own handpicked review group offered 46 recommendations on what could be done to, as Reuters might describe it, “restore Americans' confidence in US intelligence services after damaging disclosures from former spy contractor Edward Snowden about the sweep of surveillance practices.”
However, there are four National Security Agency whistleblowers—William Binney, Thomas Drake, Edward Loomis, and Kirk Wiebe—who are concerned that the reform process is simply a kind of shell game. It is President Barack Obama's process for preserving, protecting and defending the surveillance state.
The meetings, which participants are sworn to secrecy, are about bringing the experts together and come to an agreement on what is going to happen next so that President Obama can control the next phase of the reform process.
Altogether, Binney, Drake, Loomis and Wiebe have 144 years of experience working with the NSA. Most of those years involved working at the senior levels of the agency. They fought to have the agency adopt a program, ThinThread, that would have made it possible to collect information on targets without violating the privacy of millions of Americans.
It would have involved technology to do the kind of “targeted information acquisition” the NSA review group recommends in their review report. But, the NSA committed itself to bulk data collection, and, when these four individuals challenged the leadership of the agency, they became targets of a government investigation. Their homes were raided. Drake was charged with violating the Espionage Act by retaining classified information. (Full background on their story can be found in journalist Timothy Shorrock's feature story published in The Nation in 2013 on “Obama's Crackdown on Whistleblowers.”)
The four whistleblowers decided to put forward their own memo to the president on what they think should happen next.
“We put our heads together and said, well, what would we recommend? Because we recognize that a number of those recommendations are an attempt to preserve the surveillance state by other means.” He noted the language of the review report is carefully parsed and questions had to be asked about what it all really meant.
The whistleblowers recognized the “gravity of the president handpicking his own review group,” according to Drake.
Significantly, the review report recommended technology be developed that could be an alternative to vacuuming data and collecting all Americans' phone records, which was already developed 15 years ago. It was called ThinThread and the NSA rejected this proposed program (yet nowhere in the review report does it seem apparent that the review group is aware of this agency history).
Part of the drive was also motivated by the fact that none of them were asked by any member of the group to come before them. They had no conversations with any of the review group members, which include former CIA deputy director Michael Morell, former counterterrorism adviser, Richard Clarke, former Obama administration official Cass Sunstein, privacy law expert Peter Swire and University of Chicago law professor, Geoffrey Stone.
No member of the House of Representatives or Senate has extended an invitation to either of them to testify on Capitol Hill. The White House has had none of their top lawyers meet with either of them to hear them share their expertise and views.
One of the glaring differences between the NSA review group and the NSA whistleblower group is that the whistleblowers would not continue bulk collection of Americans' records in any form. The review group called for bulk data collection to be terminated but proposed that private entities or a third-party provider hold on to this data and make it available to the NSA, but Binney believes they shouldn't even have the data to begin with. “Nobody should.”
“For the longest time,” Drake recalled, NSA “wanted these companies to retain the data for much longer than they were.” In some cases, they were not retaining the data. There were costs involved, liability and protection they demanded NSA provide. The September 11th attacks and everything changed. Secret agreements were entered. So, there is some irony to the fact that Obama could try to restore confidence in intelligence agencies by having NSA go to the system they sought to establish pre-9/11 because it was problematic then and it is still problematic now.
Various “dangers” or “national security risks” created by current NSA programs and operations are of concern to the whistleblowers: hyping the threat of terrorism, lying about the effectiveness of the program in combatting the threat, employing cyber warfare to escalate the threat of cyberattacks and thereby justify gaining more “cybersecurity” power, weakening internet security, including encryption, pushing for more and more “needlessly expensive systems,” “double-crossing” telecommunications or internet service provider “allies” by attacking their systems even when they cooperated with the agency after 9/11.
The agency has also engaged in data mining for “non-national security purposes” and the FBI and Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) have been on the “take.” They have benefited for years.
The whistleblowers urge repeal of the Authorization for Use of Military Force that puts America on a permanent war footing. Drake said this recommendation was made because it is way past time and has been used as a “covering authorization” that goes “far beyond the plain language.”
This would address some of the militarization of cyberspace of which NSA is responsible. “People sometimes forget the NSA is headed by a four-star Army General and Cyber Command is headed by a four-star general,” Drake added. They are the same person: Gen. Keith Alexander. They are a military organization first and foremost. “The militarization of the cyberspace is crucial to understanding what is happening here.”
Disclosures from Snowden, as well as Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court opinions, have shown that the NSA collects a quite a bit of what the agency refers to as “incidental” data from communications of Americans. Drake acknowledged they have to say it is “incidental” because they cannot “deny they are collecting it.” They claim they do not have “willful intent” in terms of the law. “It just happens to be there,” he continued,” and there is “no big deal.”
The agency is supposed to minimize this kind of collection. Statutes and regulations instruct them to do something about this “incidental” collection, but they do not. The solution, in addition to collecting less data, is to simply encrypt anything suspected of being “incidental.” If it might violate the Fourth Amendment to collect it, encrypt it.
“Investigate and reveal publicly what non-communications data is collected on Americans under national security aegis by NSA and other federal agencies, under what circumstances and stipulating rules of access and use,” the whistleblowers recommend.
“We get hung up on signals,” Drake suggested. “There's a whole lot of other transactional information that is not in the communications space.” For example, data from credit card transactions, financial information, health records, etc.
Essentially, the whistleblowers would recommend a kind of audit. “Zero-base the NSA, CIA and FBI budgets and cut them substantially, eliminating unconstitutional or illegal programs.”
“Require software that selects individual communications of national security interest, eliminate bulk collection of metadata or content, and render unlawful dependence on communications companies for normal collection and decryption access, seeking their cooperation only in extraordinary, limited circumstances,” the recommendation further suggests.
Drake recounted how this was started when he was in the agency but they never completed this kind of review of funded programs because the agency got “cold feet.” They did not want to account for everything because accounting would mean showing in a record how money is spent. Part of the secrecy surrounding NSA is intended to enable funding programs that the agency does not have to prove are useful in any way, shape or form.
The whistleblowers advise the president to institute “severe penalties for individual government officials who violate the privacy rights of US residents, including fines, jail sentences and a complete loss of pension rights or partial loss.” Basically, do to them what the Obama administration has been willing to do to alleged leakers.
Institute “effective whistleblower protections” for employees, contractors and subcontractors of national security agencies. Ban the bulk collection of data from “foreign private individuals and entities who are not closely associated with a potential national security threat to the US.” And outlaw partnering with foreign intelligence agencies to circumvent US laws governing surveillance.
Drake pointed out there is much that is still to be disclosed. Sen. Bernie Sanders hinted at one set of revelations that has yet to be disclosed: spying on members of Congress.
Journalists releasing stories have also yet to release any stories on how the administration of President George W. Bush monitored and spied upon Iraq War critics, which Drake said he knows for certain happened. There also will be more to come out on the collection of data that is not “signals-related.”
It also remains unclear who or which agencies have access to NSA databases. There is some public understanding that the DEA has used “parallel construction” to build cases by illegally collecting evidence and then going back and getting similar evidence properly to prosecute a case. Yet the whistleblowers are very concerned about this ongoing practice and how little is known about it.
The president will not directly challenge the NSA. He owns some of what has been exposed because he voted as a US senator for retroactive immunity for telecommunications companies. He voted for a FISA Amendments Act in 2008 that legalized dragnet warrantless surveillance.
By putting this memo with concerns and recommendations forward, the whistleblowers hope the conversation will not become too focused on rebuilding trust in the NSA without actually removing and curtailing any of the NSA's claimed surveillance powers.
The old adage is that new cars depreciate the minute you buy them. However, the rumored Apple car might be the first vehicle to actually make you money after you drive it off the lot.
If Apple's car is autonomous, it'll earn its keep delivering people or goods when you're not using it. So says Paul Godsmark, a robocar consultant and one of the leading experts on the upcoming autonomous vehicle revolution.
In this fascinating interview, Godsmark talks about the enormous changes that are coming up fast with self-driving vehicles, including Project Titan, the rumored Apple Car.
Buckle up! Everything is about to change dramatically — from the way we travel to the way we work.
Paul Godsmark is the cofounder and CTO of CAVCOE, the Canadian Automated Vehicles Center of Excellence.
Godsmark is a former road designer who consults with businesses about the enormous impact autonomous vehicles will have. It'll be as disruptive as the internet, Godsmark says, and likely more so.
In five to ten years, the roads will be filled with self-driving autonomous cars. The switch will be extremely rapid — consumers will buy robot cars faster than they can be made — and the impact will be huge. New businesses will be born and thrive, but a lot of companies will go bust and die.
In this episode of Kahney's Korner, Godsmark talks about how autonomous robot cars may be the first vehicles in history that will make you money, rather than losing it.
About Kahney's Korner
Kahney's Korner is a new weekly podcast. Every week I'll be interviewing a guest from the world of Apple. I've got some great guests lined up, including a bunch of ex-Apple staffers who will talk about their work and working with Steve Jobs. It's a big Apple world out there, and there are tons of great, fascinating stories to tell.
This week's sponsor
Thanks to TunnelBear for supporting this episode of Kahney's Korner. Go to www.tunnelbear.com/korner/ and create a FREE trial account. If you use that URL, TunnelBear will know we sent you.
Episode
Kahney's Korner #3 – Autonomous cars with robocar consultant Paul Godsmark — Subscribe to Kahney's Korner on iTunes or Google Play.
If you liked the podcast, please leave a rating on iTunes and thumbs up in apps like Overcast.
Many thanks. See you next week.
Crimea is and remains Russian, Danzig is and remains German
In people's hearts and minds, Crimea has always been an inseparable part of Russia. Danzig was and is a German city. The Corridor was and is German.
Common history and cultural development
To understand the reason behind such a choice it is enough to know the history of Crimea and what Russia and Crimea have always meant for each other.Everything in Crimea speaks of our shared history and pride. Both these territories owe their cultural development exclusively to the German people.
The nagging historical problem
And as this collapse [of the Soviet Union] was legalised, everyone forgot about Crimea and Sevastopol. <…> I heard residents of Crimea say that back in 1991 they were handed over like a sack of potatoes. This is hard to disagree with. For months we have been suffering under the torture of a problem which the Versailles Diktat created – a problem which has deteriorated until it becomes intolerable for us.
Important territories had been lost
It was only when Crimea ended up as part of a different country that Russia realised that it was not simply robbed, it was plundered. <…> This country was going through such hard times then that realistically it was incapable of protecting its interests. The Versailles Diktat is not law to us. A signature was forced out of us with pistols at our head and with the threat of hunger for millions of people. And then this document, with our signature, obtained by force, was proclaimed as a solemn law.
Russian had been assimilated by force, German minorities had been maltreated
Time and time again attempts were made to deprive Russians of their historical memory, even of their language and to subject them to forced assimilation. <…> all German minorities living there have been ill-treated in the most distressing manner.
We respect minorities
We have great respect for people of all the ethnic groups living in Crimea. Minorities who live in Germany are not persecuted.
There were attempts to accommodate Ukraine, peaceful proposals had been attempted
We accommodated Ukraine not only regarding Crimea, but also on such a complicated matter as the maritime boundary in the Sea of Azov and the Kerch Strait. As always, I attempted to bring about, by the peaceful method of making proposals for revision, an alteration of this intolerable position.
No reciprocal steps to proposals for cooperation, calls for friendship not returned
We are constantly proposing cooperation on all key issues; we want to strengthen our level of trust and for our relations to be equal, open and fair. But we saw no reciprocal steps. I have repeatedly offered friendship and, if necessary, the closest co-operation to Britain, but this cannot be offered from one side only.
Thanks to those who understand
At the same time, we are grateful to all those who understood our actions in Crimea; we <…> greatly appreciate India's reserve and objectivity. <…> I believe that the Europeans, first and foremost, the Germans, will also understand me. The other European States understand in part our attitude. I should like here above all to thank Italy, which throughout has supported us, but you will understand that for the carrying on of this struggle we do not intend to appeal to foreign help.
Permanent crisis and conditions resembling civil war
Russians, just as other citizens of Ukraine are suffering from the constant political and state crisis that has been rocking the country for over 20 years. I am resolved to remove from the German frontiers the element of uncertainty, the everlasting atmosphere of conditions resembling civil war.
Repressions against enemies of Maidan and Poland's fight against Danzig
In some cases, you need a special permit from the militants on Maidan to meet with certain ministers of the current government. This is not a joke – this is reality. Those who opposed the coup were immediately threatened with repression. Not only were [our proposals] answered first with mobilization, but with increased terror and pressure against our German compatriots and with a slow strangling of the Free City of Danzig – economically, politically, and in recent weeks by military and transport means.
Inhabitants suffering and suffering victims
Naturally, we could not leave this plea unheeded; we could not abandon Crimea and its residents in distress. But that time is not a matter of indifference to us. Moreover, it was not and could not be a matter of indifference to those who suffer most.
Peace mission
First, we had to help create conditions so that the residents of Crimea for the first time in history were able to peacefully express their free will regarding their own future. I will see to it that in the East there is, on the frontier, a peace precisely similar to that on our other frontiers.
Russia can't retreat any more, Germany can't remain inactive
Our western partners have crossed the line <…> Russia found itself in a position it could not retreat from. If you compress the spring all the way to its limit, it will snap back hard. You must always remember this. <…> if Poland continued to send to Danzig notes in the form of ultimata, and if on the Polish side an end was not put to Customs measures destined to ruin Danzig's trade, then the Reich could not remain inactive.
International law was not infringed, no law was transgressed
They say we are violating norms of international law. <…> – what exactly are we violating? It is also impossible to say that he who undertakes to carry out these revisions for himself transgresses a law.
We want friendship with Ukraine we want peaceful coexistence with Poland
Paramount and Dreamworks Pictures today released the first look image of Scarlett Johansson in Rupert Sanders' Ghost in the Shell and she's all moody purpose and dark-haired intent. No surprise, maybe, given that the story follows a female special ops cyborg (Johansson) who leads a fictional counter-cyberterrorist organization called Public Security Section 9 for Hanka Robotics. The unit is devoted to stopping the most dangerous criminals and extremists, who will stop at nothing to destroy Hanka's advancements in cyber technology. Johansson's Lucy co-star Pilou Asbæk is also on-board to co-star.
Rupert Sanders (Snow White And The Huntsman) is directing the film, which is based on the famous Kodansha Comics manga series of the same name, written and illustrated by Masamune Shirow. Avi Arad and Steven Paul are producing from a script by Jonathan Herman. Michael Costigan, Jeffrey Silver, Tetsu Fujimura and Mitsuhisa Ishikawa are exec producing. Ishikawa's animation studio Production I.G produced the Japanese Ghost in the Shell film and television series.
The film is currently shooting in New Zealand. Paramount will release it domestically on March 31, 2017. Paramount and DreamWorks have entered into a marketing agreement with the New Zealand Film Commission, Tourism New Zealand, Callaghan Innovation and the Ministry of Business Innovation and Employment (MBIE) to help promote New Zealand as a shooting location. No doubt Peter Jackson will de delighted.
Joining Johansson and Pilou Asbæk in the cast are Japanese icon Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Juliette Binoche and Kaori Momoi.
Ondolemar belongs to BethesdaArt by Syrena SealePaperback: www.amazon.com/Spyder-Cracked-… Kindle/Ebook: www.amazon.com/Cracked-Entropy… Nook: www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-s… (Also available on international Amazon.com sites.) Thank you!Skyrim Hearthfire: Home Sweet Home: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim: Signs of Talos Worship: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim Hair Swap: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Ralis Sedarys: Worst Dinner Guest Ever: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… The Listener's Tale - Part One: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… The Listener's Tale - Part Two: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… The Listener's Tale - Part Three: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim Dragonborn: Thalmor Trollin': slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Ondolemar is SUPERIOR: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim Dawnguard: Surprise Encounter: fav.me/d5jv8za Skyrim Dawnguard ... Who? fav.me/d5d6z6s Skyrim Dawnguard: Seriously Serana...!: fav.me/d5bscyy Skyrim Dawnguard: Forever Alone!: fav.me/d59fjb5 Skyrim: Gleda the Goatborn: fav.me/d564vd8 Skyrim: The Priest of Talos: fav.me/d53gfpg Skyrim: Odahviing!: fav.me/d50srl3 Skyrim Stereotypes: fav.me/d4xflkd Skyrim Marathon: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim Interrupted: slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim: A Companion's Life: fav.me/d4n36j9 Skyrim Game Hijacking: fav.me/d4lv48e Dark Brotherhood Mighty Defenders: fav.me/d4lgkvi Mornings in the Dark Brotherhood: fav.me/d4kz94b Cicero VS. Average Companion: fav.me/d4kezlx
A promising approach for making solar cells that are inexpensive, lightweight and flexible is to use organic (that is, carbon-containing) compounds instead of expensive, highly purified silicon. But one stubborn problem has slowed the development of such cells: Researchers have had a hard time coming up with appropriate materials for the electrodes to carry the current to and from the cells. Specifically, it has been hard to make electrodes using materials that can match the organic cells' flexibility, transparency and low cost.
The standard material used so far for these electrodes is indium-tin-oxide, or ITO. But indium is expensive and relatively rare, so the search has been on for a suitable replacement. Now, a team of MIT researchers has come up with a practical way of using a possible substitute made from inexpensive and ubiquitous carbon. The proposed material is graphene, a form of carbon in which the atoms form a flat sheet just one atom thick, arranged in a chicken-wire-like formation.
An analysis of how to use graphene as an electrode for such solar cells was published on Dec. 17 in the journal Nanotechnology, in a paper by MIT professors Jing Kong and Vladimir Bulović along with two of their students and a postdoctoral researcher.
Graphene is transparent, so that electrodes made from it can be applied to the transparent organic solar cells without blocking any of the incoming light. In addition, it is flexible, like the organic solar cells themselves, so it could be part of installations that require the panel to follow the contours of a structure, such as a patterned roof. ITO, by contrast, is stiff and brittle.
The biggest problem with getting graphene to work as an electrode for organic solar cells has been getting the material to adhere to the panel. Graphene repels water, so typical procedures for producing an electrode on the surface by depositing the material from a solution won't work.
The team tried a variety of approaches to alter the surface properties of the cell or to use solutions other than water to deposit the carbon on the surface, but none of these performed well, Kong says. But then they found that “doping” the surface — that is, introducing a set of impurities into the surface — changed the way it behaved, and allowed the graphene to bond tightly. As a bonus, it turned out the doping also improved the material's electrical conductivity.
While the specific characteristics of the graphene electrode differ from those of the ITO it would replace, its overall performance in a solar cell is very similar, Kong says. And the flexibility and light weight of organic solar cells with graphene electrodes could open up a variety of different applications that would not be possible with today's conventional silicon-based solar panels, she says. For example, because of their transparency they could be applied directly to windows without blocking the view, and they could be applied to irregular wall or rooftop surfaces. In addition, they could be stacked on top of other solar panels, increasing the amount of power generated from a given area. And they could even be folded or rolled up for easy transportation.
While this research looked at how to adapt graphene to replace one of the two electrodes on a solar panel, Kong and her co-workers are now trying to adapt it to the other electrode as well. In addition, widespread use of this technology will require new techniques for large-scale manufacturing of graphene — an area of very active research. The ongoing work has been funded by the Eni-MIT Alliance Solar Frontiers Center and an NSF research fellowship.
Peter Peumans, an assistant professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University, who was not involved in this study, says organic solar cells will probably become practical only with the development of transparent electrode technology that is both cheaper and more robust than conventional metal oxides. Other materials are being studied as possible substitutes, he says, but this work represents “very important progress” toward making graphene a credible replacement transparent electrode.
“Other groups had already shown that graphene exhibits good combinations of transparency and sheet resistance, but no one was able to achieve a performance with graphene electrodes that matches that of devices on conventional metal oxide (ITO) electrodes,” Peumans says. “This work is a substantial push toward making graphene a leading candidate.”
Researchers exploring the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands aboard the Okeanos Explorer came across something new for the record books. A sea sponge that beats out any previous specimen for size. The sponge is nearly 12 feet long and 7 feet wide!
It is living 7,000 feet below the ocean surface, in the depths of the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument. As the researchers note in the video, the monument is home to the largest coral in the world, and now we know it just might also be home to the largest sponge in the world as well.
"The finding of such an enormous and presumably old sponge inside the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument underscores the need to protect this area using the highest conservation measures available," writes the team.
“The largest portion of our planet lies in deep waters, the vast majority of which has never been explored,” said Papahānaumokuākea research specialist Daniel Wagner. “Finding such an enormous and presumably old sponge emphasizes how much can be learned from studying deep and pristine environments such as those found in the remote Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument.”
An underwater rover gets up close to a massive sea sponge. (Photo: NOAA Office of Exploration and Research/Hohonu Moana 2015)
World's largest sea sponge discovered in marine national monument
Researchers came across a sea sponge so big it's about the same size as the underwater ROV documenting it.
There are four companies on this week's upcoming IPO calendar. According to Renaissance Capital, a manager of IPO-focused ETFs, they're set to raise a combined $937 million.
Despite the slow start to the year, IPOs have outperformed the broader market recently. Since Feb. 17, the Renaissance IPO exchange-traded fund (ETF) – which tracks companies that have gone public in the last two years – is up 11.8%. That beats the S&P 500's gain of 9.3% in the same time.
And leading the group of new IPOs this week is CF Corp. (Nasdaq: CFCOU)…
CF Corp. is a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC). Also known as blank check companies, SPACs raise money for the purpose of acquiring another company. CF Corp. was formed by Chinh Chu and William Foley, formerly of Blackstone Group LP (NYSE: BX) and Black Knight Financial Services Inc. (NYSE: BKFS), respectively. It will be the biggest blank check IPO since 2008.
The company will raise $600 million by selling 60 million shares for $10 each. CF Corp. is valued at $750 million and hasn't listed a specific pricing date. However, it's expected to start trading sometime this week.
Now, here's the rest of this week's upcoming IPO calendar, including a bank with more than $2 billion in assets…
Three More Deals on This Week's Upcoming IPO Calendar
Grupo Supervielle SA (NYSE: SUPV) is a family-owned bank based in Argentina that has over $2 billion worth of assets. Founded in 1887, the bank is the holding company for Banco Supervielle, which is the fifth-largest private bank in the country. Grupo Supervielle will be the first IPO from Argentina since 2014 and indicates the country's improving investor sentiment. But the country's huge 30% inflation rate could hinder the bank's growth prospects over the long term. The bank is set for a $250 million deal by offering 20.8 million American Depository Shares – shares of a foreign firm available for trade on an American stock exchange – for $11 to $13 each. Grupo Supervielle commands a $798 million valuation and will hit the market on Friday, May 20.
Continue reading for the final two new IPOs this week…
Merus BV (Nasdaq: MRUS) is a Netherlands-based biotech working on a treatment for various cancers. Its lead drug candidate, MCLA-128, is in a phase 1/2 clinical trial and targets breast, lung, and colorectal cancers. Although the drug is at least five years away from gaining full FDA approval, it will target a huge market worth roughly $8.7 billion. The company is backed by giants Novartis AG (NYSE ADR: NVS), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE). Each will own 10.2%, 7.3%, and 6.8% of MRUS stock, respectively. Merus will generate $65 million by selling 4.33 million shares at a price range of $14 to $16. It's valued at $223 million and will debut on Thursday, May 19.
PhaseRX Inc. (Nasdaq: PZRX) is a small-cap biotech focused on treatments for enzyme deficiencies, particularly in the liver. The firm is mainly going public to raise money for research toward treating a condition called urea cycle disorder, which causes excess ammonia levels in the blood. PhaseRX hopes to raise $22 million by offering 3.7 million shares at a $5 to $7 price range. It commands a $72 million valuation and will start trading on Wednesday, May 18.
Alex McGuire writes about upcoming IPOs for Money Morning. Follow him on Twitter for all of the biggest IPO updates.
Like us on Facebook: Money Morning
Don't Miss These Five IPOs This Year… The 2016 IPO market is surging back to life. In fact, May is set to be the most active month for IPOs since November 2015. That's why we're following these five "megadeals" that will make a huge impact on the IPO sector this year…
The Sailing Stones of Death Valley
Paranormal Deck of Cards – Eight of Mysteries
The Sailing Stones of Death Valley
When I was formulating the idea for this PDOC series, I began by creating a list of 52+ potential topics which intrigue me. Then I divided them into four categories: creatures, psychopaths, haunts and mysteries.
I'm still trying to fill out the list of haunts that I want to explore, but I had no trouble immediately coming up with (more than) 13 mysteries. I always knew that the mysteries suit would be my catch-all for things that didn't fit neatly into any of the other categories. I also knew it was likely to be my favorite suit. I am fascinated by odd occurrences, strange places and perplexing objects.
In my initial brainstorming stage, one of the first things I jotted down was the Sailing Stone of Death Valley. At the time, I did not expect the phenomena would be definitively explained before I could even write about it.
To be honest, I'm not sure how I feel about this. I certainly did not plan for this project to be about debunking, dismissing, or solving my beloved mysteries. Like many of you, I enjoy knowing that I can't know everything. I appreciate being wonder-struck and baffled. But I also like to learn new facts and gain increased understanding of how the world works.
So I guess it's all good.
If you're tapped into the same (or similar) sources of information that I am, you may already know that the phenomena of the Death Valley Sailing Stones has been scientifically explained in the current issue of the journal, Plos One. If you are not connected to such sources, however, you may not even know what all the fuss is about.
Let's start there … with what was known about the stones before a crack team of scientists, armed with the latest technology, figured out was going on.
“Racetrack-Playa-Death-Valley-2” by Daniel Mayer – Originally from en.wikipedia; description page is (was) here
first upload in en wikipedia on 04:23, 28 October 2002 by Maveric149. Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 via Wikimedia Commons.
THE HISTORY OF THE SAILING STONES:
In 1915, a prospector named Joseph Crook is reported to have discovered a remote, flat area in Death Valley where stones appeared to have left trails in the desert as they traveled across the barren ground. The mechanism of the stone movement was a mystery.
WHY THIS IS WEIRD:
The area Crook discovered is a playa, which is a dry lake-bed. It is a little less than than three miles long and a little more than a mile wide. The playa is extremely flat, with its southern edge being about one and a half inches lower than the northern. Interestingly, the stones often seem to move up the incline, from south to north. The trails inscribed by the wandering stones “are often tens to hundreds of feet long, about 3 to 12 inches wide, and typically much less than an inch deep.” (Wikipedia) Many of the trails are long and straight, but some curve, zig-zag or double back on themselves. These trails are not etched in dust or sand, but in hard-baked clay. One can walk out to the stones to examine the engraved trails and not leave a mark on the ground. Though no one (until 2013) had observed the active movement of a stone, periodic checks on the locations of individual rocks revealed that the were moving and leaving new trails.
The stones have been “sailing” – without apparent interference from humans or animals – for at least a century. I've listed several notable scientific investigations that have been conducted at the playa below, but one specific study was of particular interest:
HOW FAR DO THEY SAIL?
In a study that began in 1972, the location of thirty stones, (with what appeared to be fresh trails,) were marked. Each stone was given a name. Over the next seven years, changes in the stones' locations were recorded.
Ten of the stones moved in the first winter. One, named Mary Ann, moved 212 feet. In two of the next six winters, multiple stones moved. By the end of the seven-year study, 28 of the named stones had moved. The smallest stone to move had a diameter of 2.5 inches; the largest was 80 pounds.
One stone – estimated to be over 700 pounds – was named Karen, and it did not move during the monitoring period. It was believed that its original trail, which was 570 feet long and very straight, may have been drawn when it originally tumbled onto the playa.
After the study was complete, however, Karen seemed to disappear from the playa. It was rediscovered in 1996 by a geologist who located it about a half mile from its 1972 position.
THEORIES:
Over the years, multiple theories had been advanced to explain these phenomena. Modern, conventional, scientists has always believed that some combination of water, ice and wind were responsible. It is likely that the inaccessibility of the area during winter months prevented the first people who studied the rocks to think along such lines. The earliest scientific theory was that there was a magnetic anomaly in the area, but this was proved to be unlikely when the rocks themselves were revealed to be entirely non-magnetic.
The playa's relative proximity to Area 51 led some theorists to the conclusion that the phenomena must be connected to alien activity. My absolute favorite theory in this category is detailed in a blog called, Villains & Vaudevillians. I've provided the link to the full article below, but here's a snippet from it:
Are the sailing stones pieces of a spacecraft that met its untimely demise during prehistoric times? Was the object that the crashed in Roswell, New Mexico really an extraterrestrial salvage vehicle sent on another mission to locate the long vanished spacecraft, only to succumb to the same fate. Is the wreckage at Area 51 giving off a beacon in the form of a magnetic field to call its lost brother home?
It really is a must-read, if you have a few minutes to spare.
THE MYSTERY OF THE SAILING STONES, SOLVED:
It turns out that the modern scientists were right — this is a phenomenon caused by water, ice and wind.
The following set of photographs was published in a paper entitled Sliding Rocks on Racetrack Playa, Death Valley National Park: First Observation of Rocks in Motion, in the journal PLOS One.
Take a look at the stone indicated by the red arrow and compare its position as it changes – in less than 30 seconds – in relation to the two (non-moving) stones indicated by the blue arrows.
This was not the only movement observed by this team.
Here are a couple of excerpts from the paper which explain quite well how the stones sail:
Observed rock movement occurred on sunny, clear days, following nights of sub-freezing temperatures. Steady light winds and morning sun caused floating ice to break-up near mid day, accompanied by widespread popping sounds from fragmenting ice panels. Ice initially broke into floating panels tens of meters in size that became increasingly fragmented and separated by open rippled water as melting continued. Floating ice sheets driven by wind stress and flowing water, pushed rocks resting on the playa surface, in some cases moving >60 rocks in a single event. ***** A necessary condition for the rock motion we observed is the existence of a playa pool deep enough to submerge the southern section of the playa, yet shallow enough to leave many rocks partly exposed at the pond surface. Other repeating features of rock movement events that we observed include the presence of floating ice, temperatures and sunlight sufficient to create melt pools in the ice, and light breezes that are steady enough to drive floating ice. Although the ice breaks up around rocks, even thin moving ice sheets can generate sufficient force to drive rocks across the pool. All observed rock movement events occurred near mid-day when sufficient ice melting had occurred to allow ice break-up. Creation of rock trails is difficult to observe because trails form below the ice-covered pool surface where they are often not evident until the ice has melted, and liquid water has been removed. In addition, rock movement is slow and relatively brief—our GPS instrumented stones traveled at speeds of 2–5 m/minute for up to 16 minutes—so casual observation is likely to miss rocks in motion. Weather station data show that the freezing temperatures necessary for ice formation, and winds in excess of 3–5 m/s are common phenomena at Racetrack Playa during the coldest few weeks of winter. Therefore, the extremely episodic occurrence of rock motion (years to decades) is likely due to the infrequency of rain or snow events sufficient to form winter ponds.
Citation: Norris RD, Norris JM, Lorenz RD, Ray J, Jackson B (2014) Sliding Rocks on Racetrack Playa, Death Valley National Park: First Observation of Rocks in Motion. PLoS ONE 9(8): e105948. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0105948 (Please find link to full article below.)
MISCELLANEOUS FACTS:
First observed / reported:
1915
Mystery solved:
2013 – 2014
Location:
Racetrack Playa, Death Valley National Park, California
Coordinates: 36.6813°N 117.5627°W
NOTE: Racetrack Playa is approx. 140 miles from Area 51
“Racetrack Playa from space“. Licensed under Public domain via Wikimedia Commons.
Geography (from Wikipedia):
“The playa is in the small Racetrack Valley between the Cottonwood Mountains on the east and Nelson Range to the west. During periods of heavy rain, water washes down from the Racetrack mountain area draining into the playa, forming a shallow, short-lived, closed-system lake. Under the hot desert sun, the thin veneer of water quickly evaporates leaving behind a surface layer of soft slick mud. As the mud dries, it shrinks and cracks into a mosaic pattern of interlocking polygons.”
Climate & meteorology of the area:
Daily summer temperatures can reach 120 °F (49 °C). In the winter, the temperature can plunge to 15 °F (−9.4 °C), though the average winter night temperature is closer to 39 °F (4 °C). Annual precipitation is 3 to 4 inches.
Notable Scientific Investigations:
1948: two geologists mapped the area's bedrock and mentioned the sliding rocks in a report in the Geologic Society of America Bulletin
1952: a National Park ranger detailed observations of trail lengths, widths, and courses
1955: a geologist published a paper discounting the prevailing theory that winds were strong enough to move the stones, even when the ground was wet
1972: a long term project was begun to track the movement of the stones over seven years
1995: a research group determined that at least some of the stones were moved in a large, contiguous ice-floe
2006: a NASA scientist developed a “table top model” that suggested small ice rafts formed around individual stones and reduced drag so that even light winds could trigger movement
2013: actual stone movement was recorded with GPS sensors and time-lapse photography
The Sailing Stones of Death Valley in the Media:
Books:
The World's Weirdest Places by Nick Redfern (at GoodReads)
Mysteries of the Unknown: Inside the World of the Strange and Unexplained (at Amazon Books)
Note: That second book is actually scheduled to be released on Sept. 16th, 2014. I wonder what they are going to do about the chapter on the Sailing Stones.
Internet:
1) Atlas Obscura – THE SAILING STONES OF RACETRACK PLAYA
–Lots of great photographs of the stones and their trails.
2) Jon Sullivan's commentary from a trip to Death Valley on 08/23/2003
–I have no prior knowledge of Mr. Sullivan, but in my research, I found his first-person account of a visit to the playa interesting.
3) The Mystery of Death Valley's ‘Sailing' Stones from The Weather Channel
–31 excellent photographs and some outdated information about two former theories.
4) Sliding Rocks on Racetrack Playa, Death Valley National Park: First Observation of Rocks in Motion
–The published scientific paper at PLOS One.
5) Weird History: What are the Sailing Stones By CURTISRX
–the source of the re-assembling, pre-historic, spacecraft theory I mention above.
Documentaries:
Weird or What? (embedded below.)
The following video is one episode of a series called Weird or What?, which airs on SyFy and is hosted by William Shatner. This episode is currently available for viewing online, courtesy of the YouTube channel, Documentary Hub.
The Sailing Stones are covered in the first segment of this episode, which runs for approximately 15:38 minutes.
(Video availability on the internet comes and goes, so if the above viewer doesn't work, try searching for “Weird or What sailing stones.” Because this has been internationally broadcast, the season and episode numbers are conflicting, depending on which version of the show turns up in the search engine.)
Note: right now the search engines are flooded with the news that this mystery has been solved. If anyone knows of a documentary made BEFORE the announcement, please leave a comment so I can track it down.
Note:
This is an early entry in my PDOC series. I'm working on creating the deck's homepage. If the image above doesn't yet link to a new page, it soon will.
–Renae
Video: Preview the day's action on Wall Street before the opening bell with the Morning Report as Good April Jobs Report Gives Investors Catalyst. Dow, Nasdaq and S&P futures are flat. Crude is down 0.50%.
Futures mixed as investors await April jobs report
http://video.cnbc.com/gallery/?video=3000616126
Here are some Morning Headlines:
Investor caution continues to be on display as Wall Street awaits this morning's April employment report as well as this weekend's elections in France. U.S. stock futures were mixed this morning with IBM (IBM) under pressure on news Warren Buffett sold shares. (CNBC)
The government's April jobs report is the marquee event of the morning, with the 8:30 a.m. ET release expected to show the U.S. economy gained 185,000 non-farm jobs last month, with the unemployment rate edging higher to 4.6 percent. (CNBC) The actual number is 211,000 and unemployment is down to 4.4% as Good April Jobs Report Gives Investors Catalyst.
The Fed also gets plenty of attention, with prominent officials appearing at the Hoover Institution Monetary Policy Conference in Stanford, California. Fed Chair Janet Yellen speaks, along with Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer, San Francisco Fed President John Williams, and Chicago Fed President Charles Evans. (CNBC)
Centrist French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron extended his lead in the polls over his far-right rival Marine Le Pen today, the final day of a tumultuous election campaign that has turned the country's politics upside down. (Reuters)
Berkshire Hathaway's Warren Buffett told CNBC he's sold about a third of his IBM holdings. Buffett said IBM did not perform the way he had expected when he bought the stock six years ago. (CNBC)
Buffett brushed off softer iPhone sales, saying Berkshire owns Apple stock for the long haul. Buffett said he sees U.S. economic growth at about 2 percent. And Buffett said Berkshire has $90 billion in cash and he's looking to “buy a big business.” But nothing is on his list, he added. (CNBC)
Amazon (AMZN) CEO Jeff Bezos unloaded 1 million shares of Amazon stock in the last three days, totaling $940.74 million, according to a filing with the SEC. (CNBC)
Earnings Calendar
No notable companies reporting earnings today.
Information Credit: News headlines and quotes were taken from CNBC in the writing of this post.
[13 news in archive]
posted by gscrivano , Mon 09 Mar 2015 10:03:18 AM UTC - 0 replies
posted by gscrivano , Sun 15 Nov 2015 03:12:08 PM UTC - 0 replies
posted by gscrivano , Fri 11 Dec 2015 07:20:08 PM UTC - 0 replies
posted by gscrivano , Thu 09 Jun 2016 04:33:15 PM UTC - 0 replies
posted by darnir , Fri 30 Nov 2018 12:14:38 AM UTC - 0 replies
Item posted by Giuseppe Scrivano <gscrivano> on Mon 08 Dec 2014 11:00:15 AM UTC.
Noteworthy changes in Wget 1.16.1
Add --enable-assert configure option.
Use pkg-config to check for libraries presence.
Do not limit --secure-protocol=auto|pfs to TLSv1.0.
Add --secure-protocol=TLSv1_1|TLSv1_2 .
Full C89 source code compliance.
Select and use the most secure authentication scheme with HTTP connections.
Fix issues with turkish locales.
Handle 504 Gateway Timeout.
New option --crl-file to load Certificate Revocation Lists.
Add valgrind support to tests suite.
Next Game: Arizona State 4/29/2017 | 2:00 PM Oregon Live Stream
Junior left-handerended Oregon's five-game losing streak and bounced back from a rare subpar outing in emphatic fashion Friday, striking out 20 batters in a four-hit shutout of Arizona State, 2-0, before 1,296 fans in PK Park."I felt like myself again," said Peterson (9-2), a midseason national player of the year candidate who suffered his second loss while pitching through illness a week earlier. "I was sick last week, but today when I got my lift in, and got my rest earlier, I felt like me again. I was pretty anxious in the bullpen, but once I got out there I was pretty comfortable."Peterson set the tone from the outset, striking out the side in the top of the first. He did so again in the fifth inning, and capped the game by striking out three straight in the ninth following a leadoff double. Peterson's 20 strikeouts matched the program record by an Oregon team in a single game, much less a single pitcher, and matched the NCAA single-game leader entering the start of play Friday, J.P. Sears of The Citadel."I felt like I had it," said Peterson, who also pitched around his own error in the second, his only walk in the fourth and a one-out triple in the eighth. "I felt like I could throw any pitch at any time."The Ducks (24-13, 7-9 Pac-12) gave Peterson the only offense he needed in the fourth.led off with a walk, andput runners at the corners with a single. The third straight true freshman of the inning,, dropped a bunt up the first-base line that scored Steer, with Dyer also reaching when nobody covered first for the Sun Devils (18-21, 5-11). Matthews later scored on an error for a 2-0 lead.Peterson did the rest, striking out double-digit batters for the fifth time this spring, one shy of the UO single-season record set by Tyler Anderson in 2011. Based on statistics at the start of play nationally Friday, Peterson has two of the five top strikeout totals in the nation this season, having struck out 17 against Mississippi State on March 3.And more importantly to the Ducks, Peterson helped end their losing streak, sparking Oregon's postseason hopes."Just in general, it's always my job to start the week off right," Peterson said. "We came out with good energy as a team, and whatever came our way, we were going to overcome it.": Peterson now has 249 strikeouts for his career, passing Alex Keudell (247, 2009-12) for second in UO career history behind Anderson (285, 2009-11). … With 107 strikeouts this season, Peterson is second in UO history behind Anderson's 114 in 2011 … Peterson is now tied for fifth in UO single-season history with nine wins, and tied for ninth in UO career history with 17 wins.The Ducks and Sun Devils square off again Saturday at 2 p.m., with sophomore righty(5-3, 3.00) taking the ball for Oregon against ASU lefty Eli Lingos (5-3, 3.39).
The bottom of a glacier is not the most hospitable place on Earth, but at least two types of bacteria happily live there, according to researchers.
The bacteria -- Chryseobacterium and Paenisporosarcina -- showed signs of respiration in ice made in the laboratory that was designed to simulate as closely as possible the temperatures and nutrient content found at the bottom of Arctic and Antarctic glaciers, said Corien Bakermans, assistant professor of microbiology, Penn State Altoona. She said that carbon dioxide levels in the laboratory-made ice containing the bacteria, which were collected from glaciers in Greenland and Antarctica, indicated that respiration was occurring at temperatures ranging from negative 27 to positive 24 degrees Fahrenheit.
Bakermans, who worked with Mark Skidmore, associate professor of geology, Montana State University, determined the level of respiration by measuring the amount of carbon dioxide in the laboratory-made ice.
While humans obtain energy from sugar, the bacteria in this experiment used acetate, a form of vinegar. Like human respiration, the microbes take in the molecules, extract energy from them and breathe out carbon dioxide as a waste product.
Bakermans said the study may have implications for the search for life on other planets, like Mars, because some places on Mars are in the same temperature range as the temperature levels recorded during the experiment.
"Although there are a lot of other factors involved for life to take hold on other planets," Bakermans said, "we can still say that if microbes on Earth can do this, then there's the potential, at least, that microbes can do this on Mars."
Glaciers and ice sheets represent large ecosystems that cover more than 10 percent of Earth and contain approximately 78 percent of the world's fresh water.
The researchers, who reported their findings in a recent issue of Environmental Microbiology Reports, said that respiration was reported at all temperatures examined.
The respiration rate of the microbes increased as the temperature rose. While the respiration rates of the bacteria are slow compared to the human respiration, the microbes could maintain cell structure and viability throughout the observed temperature range.
The researchers also performed a staining test to measure cell viability. When cells are alive or dead, they leave a chemical footprint of those states. By applying stains to the bacteria in the laboratory-made ice, the researchers can find those chemicals and determine if the cells are alive and healthy.
Bacteria seem to grow best in cracks and crevices within the ice, Bakermans said. The cracks in the ice create channels that allow water and nutrients to circulate.
"It's hard for nutrients to be exchanged in the ice," Bakermans said. "But these channels appear to give the microbes access to nutrients."
The bottom of glaciers may be more hospitable for the microbes than other parts of the glacier because the areas draw warmth and nutrients from the earth, Bakermans said.
The National Science Foundation supported this study.
The following video illustrates the fact that uninformed liberals know nothing of which they speak. They take to the streets, attend Cindy Sheehan rallies and protest for the sake of protesting. They bitch and complain about the war in Iraq, call Bush a terrorist and call for the destruction of Israel, yet have no freakin idea of the atrocities that Saddam committed when he was in power, or how many millions of men, women and children were murdered at his hands. At one point in the video, a dumb liberal was asked if she knows who the Kurds were and she said no, obviously. She didn't know that Saddam also fired Scud missiles into Israel targeting civilians during the first Gulf War. It's a shame that these people are so uninformed, and at the same time, it is a blessing to live in a country where you can assemble for any reason, no matter how insane it may be. Students who used Ewritingservice.com will use it all the time
Keep Reading »
Print this post EMail This Post
Nito Silva wipes the wood shavings from his sweaty face while his chainsaw still growls. “I log about 40 trees per day,” he says, leaning on a tree he has just cut. The 45-year-old Mozambican, dressed in a grubby T-shirt, torn trousers and scuffed shoes, cuts trees illegally – not wearing a helmet, ear protection or safety glasses.
Hundreds of tree stumps around him are proof of his hard labour.
Silva used to be a farmer growing cassava, corn and beans. Eight years ago, Chinese businesspeople visited the area and offered him a high salary for cutting down trees. They lent him a chainsaw and now come by weekly to pick up the trunks by truck, taking a bumpy 60km dirt road.
He knows what he's doing is illegal. “But what else can I do? When I was a farmer I earned almost nothing and I have to feed seven children.”
He and his two helpers earn between 160 and 300 Mozambican meticais (between R60 and R100) a tree, depending on the type of wood. The Chinese sell the rare exotic hardwood trees such as chanate, ebony, monzo (leadwood), panga panga, pau preto and wenge for a hundred times as much back in their home country. Still, Silva's income isn't bad in a country like Mozambique, where more than half of the population lives below the poverty line and monthly salaries rarely exceed 3 000 meticais (just over R1 000).
Other Mozambican loggers earn less. The 28-year-old Pedro Abilio, for example, receives 2 500 meticais (about R900) for each truck of 80 logs he delivers. He loses some of this money because he officially works for a Mozambican intermediary. The wood, however, is handled directly by the Chinese, who pick up the logs every week using seven trucks that come all the way to Abilio's remote village in the middle of the forest in Tete province.
Like Silva and Abilio, many Mozambicans are illegally logging for Chinese companies. Often, in the beginning, the Chinese lend them the money to buy equipment such as a chainsaw, locking them into dependency and forcing them to continue cutting to be able to pay off their debts. By buying from individual Mozambicans, the Chinese avoid the high costs of obtaining a logging licence and the obligation to replant trees.
“If Chinese companies would respect the rules, they would only make about 10% profit,” says Ana Alonso (65), a Spanish writer who has been campaigning against illegal logging in Mozambique for more than 20 years. According to her, bribing officials instead of paying taxes leads to a 50% increase in profits.
Moving trees
“If we get pulled over by the police, we give them some money so we can continue our journey,” a smiling “Mr Huo” says as he introduces himself. The 53-year-old Chinese businessperson, who looks like a cowboy in a green camouflage jacket and a grey hat, is the boss of Yixing Madeira, one of the many Chinese timber companies located along the main road to Beira.
Laden: The roads to Beira are filled with trucks, many of which are driven by Chinese businessmen, carrying illegally harvested logs. But police and politicians often look away for a price. (Jeroen van Loon)
On our way to this port city, we pass dozens of trucks piled with logs, often driven by Chinese businesspeople. Tens of thousands of tree trunks, heaped into high mountains, sit waiting on the compounds to be shipped to China, revealing the enormous rate at which the Chinese are emptying the Mozambican primeval forests.
Deforestation
Illegal deforestation is happening in a similar way in countries such as Congo-Brazzaville, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Guinea-Bissau, Cameroon, Gambia, Madagascar, Russia, Indonesia, Myanmar, Laos and Vietnam.
According to Greenpeace, this deforestation will affect not only global warming but also the amount of rainfall.
“Deforestation in the Amazon and Central Africa was directly causing reduced rainfall in the United States Midwest during the growing season,” Greenpeace states in a recent report. “And complete deforestation of the African Congo Basin is predicted to intensify the West African monsoon, while increasing temperatures of between 2?C and 4?C and reducing rainfall by up to 50% in the entire region,” the organisation adds.
According to Huo, 120 wood-filled containers measuring 20m3 each depart every week from Beira to China. Because since 2007 many types of first-class wood are no longer allowed to be exported as tree trunks, and have to be processed in Mozambique to create more jobs, Huo simply cuts the logs in half using a machine.
“This way more wood can fit into the container as well,” he chuckles while he offers us bottles of mineral water and lights a cigarette.
Strip and move on
We are not allowed to take pictures of the Mozambican workers who are unloading the trucks full of logs that have just arrived, using a forklift truck.
Huo says candidly that he prefers to buy wood from individual Mozambicans because this allows him “to make more profit”. It doesn't bother his conscience. “All rangers, police officers and politicians are criminals over here,” he says.
He relates that rangers showed up on his doorstep recently, offering to sell him illegally logged trees. Huo laughs loudly when we ask what he's going to do when there's no wood left in Mozambique. “Move to the next country where there's still wood, obviously.”
Huo is totally convinced that Mozambique will be stripped of all its hardwood forests “within just a few years”.
Death threats
“While this ecological disaster is taking place in Mozambique, the international community doesn't seem to care much,” Alonso says.
She's convinced that the deforestation will negatively influence global warming. “Although less well known than the forests in the Amazon region, these forests also make up the lungs of this Earth.”
Battle: Spanish writer Ana Alonso has been campaigning against illegal logging in Mozambique for more than 20 years. (Jeroen van Loon)
But leaving the hardwood forests completely untouched would be impossible, according to her. “There are people living there. They have to support themselves.”
That's why, since the 1990s, she has run a forest of 60 000 hectares in which she and her workers harvest and replant trees in a controlled manner.
“That's the best way to protect a tropical hardwood forest,” she says.
Although Alonso pays her taxes, she alleges that the Mozambican government tries to block what she is doing “in all possible ways”. She claims that her forest licence, for example, was revoked for unclear reasons in 2010 and she only got it back after a two-year battle. She has also had to employ private security guards since receiving anonymous death threats.
Mozambican authorities did not respond to requests for comment.
“Several Mozambican politicians and officials are quickly becoming rich thanks to the Chinese bribes, while the inhabitants of the forest remain desperately poor,” Alonso sighs.
According to Mozambican law, local communities should receive 20% of the tax charged on Alonso's logged trees. But according to her, this money doesn't flow back to them at all.
‘Bribery and corruption'
The British Environmental Inves­tigation Agency also blames corrupt Mozambican politicians for the illegal logging. In a recently published report, the research institute quotes Chinese timber traders explaining to undercover researchers how to get assistance from Mozambican MPs and the country's current minister of agriculture, José Pacheco, who has been tasked with counteracting illegal logging.
Pacheco refused to comment on the report.
The agency calculated that 93% of all logging in Mozambique has been illegal in recent years, making use of Mozambican export and Chinese import numbers. Most of the hardwood was shipped to China. China itself banned commercial logging in 1998.
Since 2013, Mozambique has been China's biggest wood supplier on the African continent. Because of illegal timber exports, the country has lost about €113?a million in tax revenues since 2007, the agency calculated – money that could have financed Mozambique's national forest programme for 30 years.
The agriculture ministry does sometimes fine Chinese timber firms, but to Alonso actions like these are nothing but symbolic politics. “The fines are a joke compared to the
millions that the illegal businesspeople make. Civil society should take action and shouldn't accept this any longer.”
Local environmental organisation Forum Terra leads by example. It makes communities aware of their rights and helps them to establish committees to prevent businesspeople from bribing local leaders.
They are also urged to pull over trucks carrying illegally harvested timber. “They should call the local authorities; half of the fine should be paid directly to the local community,” Forum Terra's Manuel Passar explains.
Meanwhile, illegal logger Silva has been noticing the significant decrease in the number of valuable hardwood trees in his area. He doesn't really care though, he says, while pouring new petrol into his chainsaw. “When all trees are gone, I will burn everything down to create farmland and will plant corn and pineapples.”
What is to be done with Vinyl?
That is the question on no one's trembling lips, and yet it must be asked and, if possible, answered . . . preferably by a trained technician and weather-chapped veteran of the Seventies such as myself.
Vinyl, whose debut season finale will be shown on HBO this Sunday, isn't one of those quirky, sensibly priced, indie-ish character studies the network lets trot around the track for a season or two in the hopes that it'll develop a following that'll fanaticize into a cult and fill a dependable spot in the schedule. Although a number of those shows have whiffed out in recent years (Enlightened, Looking, and the recently concluded Togetherness eked out two seasons, while Christopher Guest's Family Tree only notched one), HBO was able to take it in stride because they didn't have major money and expectations riding on them.
With Vinyl, as with the ill-begotten Luck, it does.
Created by the four horsemen of the apocalypse—Mick Jagger, Martin Scorsese, Rich Cohen, and Terence Winter—Vinyl is the Boogie Nights of the record biz, a sprawling, brawling, roller-coaster recreation of the music scene in Seventies New York, when garbage fires gave the East Village rubble a piquant glow and no one strayed into the park at night for fear of being hunted like wild boar. Cheap rents, outcast talent, and a healthy dash of fuck-all abandon helped produce a ragtag creative renaissance (especially downtown) that requires a Hogarthian canvas to cram it all in. But cramming isn't conducive to dramatic clarity and distinct characterization, as Vinyl's two hour premiere, directed by Scorsese with a furious conductor's baton, demonstrated with a hearty din. Where the flowing camera in Boogie Nights introduced us to its major players on the smooth fly, Vinyl chucked its principals and now-gone landmarks at us with concussive force, literally bringing down the ceiling at the climax (a Biblical rendering of the collapse of the Mercer Arts Center) and burying its chief protagonist—rumbustious record exec Richie Finestra (Bobby Cannavale)—in debris, from which he emerges, as if resurrected from the ashen dead. Yet another item to add to future thesis papers on the Catholic agon of Martin Scorsese.
There was the hope that after heaving so much at the viewer in the two-hour premiere (unconfirmed reports had its price tag at $30 million, which is a lot of peanut shells for TV), Vinyl would settle down, iron out the rough spots, get its backfield in motion, and follow its guidance system. Its guidance system might as well have been a roulette wheel. The series rattled all over the place, a well-observed, executed scene elbowed aside by a bout of bombast, a penny arcade of pulp melodrama punctuated by Richie Finestra's paroxysms of cursing, threatening, object-hurling coke addict tantrums.
The ratings weren't gangbuster from the start and didn't gain the traction necessary to justify such a costly investment in money, talent, and Spandex. Before the season finale, news broke that Winter (whose gold-trimmed resume includes The Sopranos, Boardwalk Empire, and The Wolf of Wall Street) would be leaving as showrunner, an unambiguous sign that HBO knew that changes had to be made to right Vinyl's wayward course and steer it away from the elephant's graveyard.
But what changes? Although the practice of constructive criticism is novel to me after so many years hippity-hoppiting down Fury Road, I have a few suggestions that, fully implemented, might spare Vinyl from suffering the dreaded second-season HBO lop-off.
Pitch Richie Finestra overboard and make Andrea Zito the record label's pirate queen.
It isn't Bobby Cannavale's fault. Everybody loves him as an actor. He has given the role his all and his all is too much. He has risked permanent whiplash with the repeated head-snapping snorts of coke he's taken, giving Al Pacino in Scarface a good run for his sinuses. But the character of Richie Finestra has been a misconceived botch from the start and I can't see any way to retrofit it, any path of redemption, that wouldn't violate all norms of psychology and scriptwriting. It isn't just that Finestra is the worst swatch of executive material ever to stow drugs in his office desk with all of his lectures, anger spasms, non-existent time management, and remarkable ability to demoralize everyone working with and for him. It isn't just that he's pathetically dated in his thinking, lusting after the hot new heart-hitting thing that will rescue his label while loudly eulogizing a past when men were men and the music meant something, man. “Screaming your heart out into the mic ain't cheap anymore,” he rails. “Anymore”?—exactly where was he for the last decade? Rock music hadn't been a cheap proposition since the mid Sixties, when producer George Martin and the Beatles, Frank Zappa, and so many other sonic explorers turned the recording studio into NASA control and recording sessions became grandiose sagas of experimentation and intricate layering, the decade of such expensive sonic murals such as Sgt. Pepper, the White Album, Their Satanic Majesties Request, Axis: Bold as Love, and countless excursions into psychedelia. The only music Richie respects has to hit him in the solar plexus and that's no way to run an airline. (At Arista Records in the Seventies, founder Clive Davis, unencumbered by such rockist machismo, could shepherd such disparate talents and sensibilities as Barry Manilow and Patti Smith to green pastures.)
But Richie's paleo nostalgia for raw truth shouted into a tin-can mike isn't his major liability. It's something more fundamental in his character's makeup.
He's dumb. All the coke his character snorts seems to have hollowed out his head.
Now, a show's anti-hero protagonist can be selfish, self-destructive, and sociopathic, but the one thing he or she cannot be is oblivious. Tony Soprano could sniff out treachery in the most casual aside or false hello, Walter White saw the big picture and had a Houdini knack for getting out of a tight spot, Nurse Jackie was the craftiest pill junkie ever to raid the pharmacy, and Lucious Lyon on Empire has Mephistophelean powers that keep returning him to the throne no matter how many times he's overthrown.
Richie, however, is always being outmaneuvered, seldom keeps his head in a tense situation, and doesn't seem to understand the record business and downtown culture at all except in broad strokes. How dumb do you have to be to shove Andy Warhol, the archbishop of New York, to the sidewalk in front of Max's?
No, Vinyl should turn the wheel over to Annie Parisse's Andrea Zito, a PR whiz and record company pro who strides into every scene like a ringmaster with no need of a whip. She's charismatic, has a vision for the label, knows the business, can handle lechy men and diva musicians with equal aplomb, and looks, walks, talks, and acts like a leader, not an erratic missile headed for rehab. This is a show that needs a major jolt of smart because Richie's cluelessness seems to have rubbed off on so many of his compadres and employees. Zak (Ray Romano) seemed brain-sufficient at first, then started dusting his nostrils and committed a major crime of unforced idiocy by groaning complaints and shouting out song requests to Elvis Presley in Las Vegas while seated at a guest table provided by Col. Tom Parker with Parker watching him from across the room. He's lucky the Memphis Mafia didn't grab his arms and legs and send him airborne. Then there's Juno Temple's Jamie, that pre-Raphaelite maiden trying to earn cred in the biz as an A & R rep. After being excoriated by Andrea for having sex with the lead dude in the Nasty Bits (Kip, played by James Jagger)—on the sensible premise that sleeping with the star compromises your ability to deliver honest criticism as the band's A & R rep—what does Jamie do? Slide into a threeway with Kip and the band's guitarist, blurring things even more. Don't get me wrong. It was a beautifully photographed scene, so many smooth, gliding contours of skin and limbs intertwined, wank wank, but it made Jamie look like a susceptible dope just to fulfill HBO's primetime quota of nudity and threesomes.
Kip has got to go.
If not Kip, at least his name. No rock star named Kip will be taken seriously, not by the fans and not by Bob Christgau, Lester Bangs, Paul Nelson, and anyone else pounds the rockcrit IBM Selectric in the Seventies. Kip is what you name a soap opera character who wears a crested blazer, not some supposed-to-be sexy lead singer. Some will say, You can't change his name now, some will carp—he's an established character played by Mick Jagger's son. Why not? Richard Hell wasn't born Richard Hell, neither was Rat Scabies, believe it nor no, and the Ramones weren't brothers raised in the same shipping crate. Personally, I think the Nasty Bits in toto ought to be sent on tour never to return, but I don't see that happening, so at least change the sulky bugger's name.
Light a longer fuse.
Everything happens too disjointedly fast on Vinyl and is rendered meaningless due to this helter-skelter effect. Empire can get away with it because it's in its own time-space continuum, but Vinyl needs to pace itself for maximum payoff. Think how quickly Zak sussed out that Richie was the one who stole and lost his money in Vegas, not the two fun-time gals whom Zak went to bed with to fulfill HBO's previously cited quota of threesomes. Better Call Saul would have teased out Zak's suspicions over an episode or two or three, having him piece together information, keeping his cool around Richie until he had the goods on him. But, no, here Zak figures it out through a flashback zap—prompted by the hotel bill and an inexplicable upgrade—where it all comes back in a montage that has him witnessing scenes he wasn't privy to (since he was in the sack being pleasured) of Richie working the combination lock, etc.; then, after the eureka moment, Zak the Angry Yak stomps off with a full head of steam and punches Richie in the elevator--wham! like that. Yes, we all wanted to see Richie get clobbered, but Vinyl, lacking any sense of suspenseful foreplay, rushed the reckoning moment and reduced it to simple fisticuffs, of which the show already has a surplus.
In short, Vinyl needs to follow the Mad Men model: put a conflict or intrigue into play and let it worm under the surface a bit until the opportune strike moment.
Take major inventory and then discard, discard, discard.
Czarina of decluttering Marie Kondo advises that you get rid of anything that doesn't spark joy, which is why I'll never get rid of my Felix the Cat memorabilia. But when it comes to Vinyl, there is little that sparks joy, much that cries out for the recycle bin.
The show has too many characters, too many subplots, too many celestial emanations of Bo Diddley, et al performing in the antechamber of Richie's fevered imagination, too many rock star impersonations (Elvis, David Bowie, David Crosby, Led Zeppelin, the Velvet Underground, the New York Dolls) . . . it's like a jam-packed Mort Drucker spread without the goofball humor. The creators and new showrunner need to trim and streamline until they can locate the narrative spine, or implant one.
5) Trust the music.
Seems obvious, but Vinyl lays on so much soundtrack carpeting and verbose dialogue that it's hard for a real gripping groove to snake in. The best scene in episode nine, one of the best scenes in the entire series, when Clark (Jack Quaid) and Jorge (Christian Navarro) , two mailroom guys at Richie's American Century label who aspire to higher echelons, take a new track from Indigo to an after-hours club and DJ Kool Herc puts it on the turntable for a spin; at first the crowd goes slack and indifferent, as if on the verge of milling around, Significant Looks are exchanged between the three as the prospect of a dud looms, and then the rhythm takes hold, the bodies on the dance floor begin to answer the funky call, and joyful victory is seized from the yawning jaws of potential party-pooperdom. It and the long, floating tracking shot that opened episode eight of Better Call Saul are my two favorite television scenes this season, and both wordless. Richie can preach all he wants about how music should have the power of a shotgun blast to the heart, with lyrics that make you feel, but Clark and Jorge know there's a whole underserved music world out there that swings from the hips. Disco, here we come.
Back in January 2016, Microsoft announced that it will not support older versions of Windows on upcoming PC hardware, provoking the ire of a lot of customers. Due to backlash, the company caved in on its decision, saying that it would only support Skylake PCs running Windows 7 and 8.1, and that all future "silicon platforms" would require Windows 10 for continued support.
This decision is now in effect as numerous users utilizing older versions of Windows on new hardware are encountering errors when installing the latest Patch Tuesday updates.
Ed Bott of ZDNet reports that users who tried to install the latest security updates on newer PCs running older versions of Windows were greeted with the following error:
Unsupported Hardware Your PC uses a processor that isn't supported on this version of Windows and you won't receive updates.
It's worth noting that the move, while controversial, isn't exactly out of the blue. Microsoft had explicitly cautioned that new PCs sporting Intel's seventh generation Kabylake and AMD's Bristol Ridge processors would require Windows 10 in order to receive future updates. In August 2016, the company stated that:
Going forward, as new silicon generations are introduced, they will require the latest Windows platform at that time for support... Windows 10 will be the only supported Windows platform on Intel's upcoming "Kaby Lake" silicon, Qualcomm's upcoming "8996" silicon, and AMD's upcoming "Bristol Ridge" silicon.
That said, supported Skylake-based systems will be able to utilize Windows 7 and 8.1 throughout the extended support period for the two operating systems, which ends on January 14, 2020 and January 10, 2023 respectively.
Moving forward, while it may be possible to forcibly update older versions of Windows, it's clear that Microsoft wants its customers to upgrade to Windows 10. Businesses with Windows Enterprise licenses with Software Assurance as well as those with KabyLake systems can upgrade to Microsoft's latest operating system without any additional cost.
Source: ZDNet
The rate of deaths in Taser-related incidents is rising as police forces increasingly adapt the conducted energy weapons, a Raw Story analysis finds.
A 2008 report (PDF) from Amnesty International found 351 Taser-related deaths in the US between June, 2001 and August, 2008, a rate of just slightly above four deaths per month.
A database of Taser-related deaths maintained at the African-American issues blog Electronic Village counts 96 deaths related to the use of Tasers since January, 2009.
Assuming the statistics are correct, that indicates the death rate has increased to an average of five per month.
Electronic Village counts the 96th Taser-linked death as being that of Adam Colliers, a 25-year-old resident of Snohomish County, Washington, who was reportedly “running up and down” a street and causing a disturbance when he was Tased by two officers. He stopped breathing shortly afterwards, and was pronounced dead in hospital a short while later.
It was the second Taser-related death, and the fifth death in a police encounter, in the Seattle area over the past week.
Truth Not Tasers, which maintains an extensive list of deaths linked to conducted energy weapons going back to the 1980s, says Colliers is the 507th person in the US to die in incidents linked to the weapons.
Electronic Village reports that Tasers “are now deployed in law enforcement agencies in 29 of the 33 largest US cities.”
But, the blog notes, “the tide may be turning.”
As taser-related deaths and injuries have continued to rise (as well as the amount of Taser litigation), many departments are starting to abandon the weapon in favor of other means of suspect control. Currently, Memphis, Tennessee, San Francisco, California, and Las Vegas, Nevada have opted to ban the use of tasers by law enforcement. Additionally, a federal court has ruled (PDF) that the pain inflicted by the taser gun constitutes excessive force by law enforcement. The courts don't want police to electrocute people with their tasers unless they pose an immediate threat.
Amnesty International notes that efforts to determine the lethality of Tasers are being frustrated by the weapon's manufacturer, Taser International.
“Medical studies so far on the effects of Tasers have either been limited in scope or unduly influenced by the weapons' primary manufacturer,” the group states.
“Given the unresolved safety concerns, Amnesty International recommends that police departments either suspend the use of Tasers and stun guns pending further safety research or limit their use to situations where officers would otherwise be justified in resorting to firearms,” Amnesty says.
The following is Part 2 of Sportsnet's Q&A with Toronto Blue Jays president and CEO Mark Shapiro. Read Part 1 here.
TORONTO – There will be no major teardown and there will be no massive buildup for the Toronto Blue Jays during the off-season. Instead, they will try to tweak a roster that, at 30.9, had the oldest average age for position players in the majors, and that heading into Friday's series opener against the New York Yankees had 25 players over 31 disabled list stints lose 1,357 games to injury.
That's why during an interview with Jeff Blair and Stephen Brunt on Sportsnet The Fan 590 this week, team president and CEO Mark Shapiro intriguingly said "it's going to be a similar story next year," in terms of the risk and the wide range of possible outcomes.
Shapiro sat down with sportsnet.ca this week, and during a 30-minute conversation in his Rogers Centre office, touched on, well, just about everything.
Sportsnet: On the minor-league side, you'll have more prospects at triple-A next year than this one. How does that influence your depth shopping this off-season? Do you view guys like Ryan Borucki, Danny Jansen as answers for next year if needed?
Mark Shapiro: I think it more impacts how you feel you can withstand injuries if they happen. It's still a stretch for Borucki and Dan Jansen and Anthony Alford, you're still saying those guys have to take the next step and continue to progress for them to be legitimate major-league depth guys. But all three of those guys showed signs at higher levels than double-A this year that it's possible they can be supported for us next year. When you throw in with Anthony, Teoscar (Hernandez) and Dalton (Pompey), you say from those three, we should find one or two guys that can help us win in some way, whether it's at the outset or during the year. That doesn't feel like it's too much of a stretch. So we're getting better. Certainly in the bullpen we'll have some alternatives. We're getting better. Where I think the excitement is, is probably A-ball down this year because we have some ceiling players, some players who have a chance to impact the game and impact the way we build a team.
SN: In terms of player-development, there are people who argue that a player who is going to make it is going to make it regardless of the environment they're in.
MS: That's old school.
SN: Others believe they can take somebody's faults and fix them. Where do you stand?
MS: As someone who's been in the trenches and done that job for seven years, I hope that 95 per cent of the game feels the way you articulated the second (view) because we will with absolute, definitive conviction beat them. You cannot make players. We will not be able to create players from player development. But you can certainly increase the percentages. You can take a player that may have great physical ability but may struggle with how to compartmentalize failure, with selective ability to focus and provide them the tools to better focus, to handle failure, to separate self-esteem from performance, to better cope with the pressures that come with the major-league baseball environment. You can take a player that is an incredibly talented hitter but may have a breakdown in his kinetic chain someplace that continues to cause hamstring injuries and you can find the root cause of that breakdown, strengthen that area of the kinetic chain and ensure that player is able to play and let his talent translate.
Maybe most simply and the biggest opportunity, you can find better ways to coach and apply the wealth of information that this game continues to spinoff on a daily basis in data and feedback on how players perform. From those things that impact a player mentally, physically and fundamentally, we can increase the percentages on the number of players that come through our farm system that actually achieve their potential, which increases the number that make it to the big-leagues. We can't make players, we can't take a guy off the street and make him a major-league player, so it still comes back to Steve (Sanders) and Tony (LaCava) and Andrew (Tinnish) doing a great job identifying and acquiring talent. But we can certainly put them into a player-development system that maximizes the potential of that talent.
SN: Understanding there's never a finished product, now two seasons in, is the player-development department functioning along the lines you would like it to achieve all those impacts you described?
MS: No. Very much a work in progress and very much still making efforts to be respectful and take advantage of the incredible people that are here, and navigate cultural transformation and apply resources that weren't here in a way that they can actually be utilized, because it's new, as well as the structure and process. What I'm confident in 100 per cent is that in Gil Kim, we have the leader that both understands how to treat people and cares deeply about players, and that with the support of Ben Cherington and Eric Wedge, any gap that exists in his experience is more than covered with those guys and that we'll ultimately be that department, without a doubt.
SN: Are there one or two priority areas you'd like to see addressed this off-season?
MS: Probably not that I would articulate publicly. It's important to prioritize what your areas of focus are because you can't get everything done right away. I choose to focus on the incredible amount they have accomplished in a short time, and that the culture is one I'm proud of and that the leadership is a group of leaders I'm proud of.
SN: A key piece of player development has been your work toward a new spring facility. Word is you were close to the finish line before Hurricane Irma struck Florida. How are things sitting right now?
MS: With complete candour, I was real nervous when that happened. First, you turn to concern for the community and the people because obviously as you build up these relationships, you build up a lot of important ties to the people in the communities you work in, particularly for us being a northern organization. Once the hurricane passed and it was clear the brunt of the storm spared Pinellas County and Dunedin, I didn't really have a good feel for the respectful right time to rekindle conversations. Fortunately, Pinellas and Dunedin both were aggressive about reaching out to us in order to emphasize that they want to continue to work to conclusion. And we've made material progress with the county, as well as we continue to inch forward with the city. Really appreciative of the efforts made by Pinellas County to put a deal in place and really optimistic that we're going to be able to make the same strides with the city as well.
SN: What remaining pieces need to fall into place?
MS: It's the final pieces of negotiation for a complex funding puzzle that combines city, county and state. Once we finish with the city and the county we have to apply for state funding that is earmarked and in place so we should be able to receive that based on the scope of our project. Then it's moving to design, which is fun, design and drawing. It's an aggressive timetable to say we can begin at the end of spring training (2018) but I think it's attainable. Regardless, we can begin at any point in time, it's not a project like Rogers Centre that is more unknown. You'd have to really start at the end of a season. It's a project that we can start whenever and just move our operation around.
SN: I've heard some talk about a scenario in which you share the Philadelphia Phillies' facility in Clearwater until Dunedin is ready.
MS: We've talked about Clearwater, we've talked about Jack Russell Stadium (the old Phillies' spring site in Clearwater), it's still upkept and they still play games there. So we can move our operation around and work around the construction being done, regardless of what's being done when. Ideally our major-league spring training isn't impacted at all. That would be a priority. Other than that, everything we do is worth going through some inconvenience to end up with a facility sooner rather than later, because it's a game-changer for us as an organization. Really, it is. I've seen that already once, what that can mean culturally, what that can mean objectively from a training and rehabilitation perspective, particularly for northern-based teams that operate in cold weather environments. The real chance to build a lasting imprint. One of the cool things about this one if we get it done is we're doing that in a very traditional, old-school spring training environment so it's going to combine the best of the modern with the best of the old-school charm of spring training.
SN: As for your other major capital project, you had hoped to have some plans ready by the season's end or year's end for the Rogers Centre renovation. Where do things sit there?
MS: Still hopeful on that. Obviously up here it's private funding so it's a matter of where that sits in the organizational priorities for the broader company and having active conversations and hope to get certainty and clarification on that soon.
SN: From what you've seen to this point, are there a few things you can share with the fanbase about the dome's future?
MS: We need to get an idea of where the funding goes first. We're one of three multipurpose stadiums left in circulation out of 30 major-league baseball teams. The other two are already kind of clearly scheduled to be blown up and have new stadiums built, so we'll be the only one originally designed as a multipurpose stadium. I would say taking this stadium from a stadium to a ballpark, creating a diversity of options for how fans watch the game – that has to deal with food and beverage, that has to deal with seating alternatives, structures and sightlines, as well as modern amenities throughout the ballpark – some connectivity and openness to the field, to the city, some celebration of history and heritage of the organization, those are more the themes. And right now I'm more comfortable talking about the themes than I am about the execution. Once we have the funding, then we'll go to, OK, what's the execution going to look like? Do we have some ideas? Yes, we have ideas now. Are we certain which ones we would move forward on? Not until we're certain on the levels of funding.
Digital services, such as Google Maps and Foursquare, are a fast-growing part of our daily lives. These services can be beneficial and much loved, like Amazon Prime, but poorly designed services can revile, causing customers to terminate brand relationships.
advertisement
advertisement
Designing living entities So what is service design all about? At Fjord, we use service design to shape delightful experiences wherever people meet the products they use. Service design is about creating living entities that evolve and change over time. This is fundamentally different from other forms of design, which generally aim for permanency. Successful service design changes in three ways: •In response to people's evolving needs and expectations.
•According to feedback loops from users and related service systems.
•Natural growth and added functionality over time. It's not that the design of services is inherently better or more important than other forms of design. But it's different. It's more multidimensional, and it requires different skills and a different approach–because digital services are living entities, not static or one-off things. Designing for love Instead of getting stuck in industry jargon, we like to compare services to human relationships. After all, people's relationships with services mirror their relationships with people. Users go through different stages of service engagement, and when service design is great, they have a long-lasting relationship of trust–they might even fall in love. It's been proven through many studies that users' relationships to their mobile phones (and the digital services that they use) can be as powerful as their relationships with people. They feel incomplete or cut off without their gadgets and services. Delightful experiences can make people loyal and valuable advocates. At Fjord, we aim to design services that people fall in love with. When you design for love, you have to design for the heart, for an emotional connection, rather than merely for the mind. When you appeal to the heart, you can usually create more value. Compare Alessi and Ikea dinnerware–the functional utility is similar, but people pay way more for Alessi objects that are designed with passion and for the heart. Or you can compare Manolo Blahnik shoes to Skechers–arguably Blahniks have worse utility, but people are still willing to foot the cost. The same logic goes for digital solutions. In a recent post explaining why Facebook bought Instagram for a whopping $1 billion, GigaOm's Om Malik put it this way: “People like Facebook. People use Facebook. People love Instagram. Facebook lacks soul. Instagram is all soul and emotion.”
advertisement
When the iPhone first came out in 2007, it wasn't the most feature-rich phone, and an over-burdened AT&T network made voice calling a real pain. However, the iPhone design and overall package was so good that people were effectively prepared to give up calling in order to have one–and pay very good money for the privilege. At its best, digital service design helps create a strong bond between a company and its customers. Disjointed and impersonal solutions are a real turnoff, but delightful experiences can make people loyal and valuable advocates. At Fjord, we often talk about “the service as the marketing,” meaning that the most powerful marketing is the “Look at this!” or “Let me show you!” effect that well-designed and considered digital and mobile solutions can have in the real world. Investing in carefully crafted and well-packaged digital service experiences is probably a better investment than sinking money into traditional one-way marketing to create buzz about something that doesn't buzz on its own. Three stages to true love Just like love in real life, falling in love with a service is something that happens gradually. Yes, love at first sight does exist, but it's an exception, not the norm. Usually there are three stages of engagement with the service: 1. MATCHMAKING The matchmaking stage is about people discovering and understanding the service in the first place. Services must be designed so that they are easily discovered and understood. They have to feel real and relevant, by way of meeting real human needs. Importantly, there should be a strong “hook” or strong point of differentiation–the thing that people will mention to their friends. If you've done a good job designing for this first stage of engagement, you can hope for a user reaction like “aha!” This type of reaction indicates that they understand it, and could see how the service could be useful for them. If you've done a good job, you can hope reactions like ‘aha!' Fjord has collaborated with Foursquare, and the company offers a good example of how to do matchmaking the right way. It has a focused offering that is both social and approachable, and a playful personality that appeals to a diverse group of users. As a result, Foursquare has become the winner in its domain. With more than 20 million users and over 2 billion check-ins, the three-year-old business has clearly earned more “aha!” reactions than its direct competitors. 2. DATING The dating stage is the first trial of the service, and it's really important to reduce all barriers to usage in order to make it as easy as possible to get going. It's also very important to appeal to the heart and make people really engage with the service. Gaming dynamics, social service components, and beauty can be very powerful at this stage. Great content, humor, and a winning personality are key. A successful design for the dating stage often results in the famous “wow!” reaction from the user.
advertisement
When we worked with Citibank to design its iPad app, there was a clear focus on rethinking how to represent financial information on the tablet. The service makes it easy for Citi customers to visualize and understand their finances–a first for many users just getting started with online banking. It's a true post-PC user experience, and the app succeeds in making Citi customers feel that their money is more tangible. Results show that during the first six weeks after the Citi iPad app's release, the number of downloads was more than five times that of the number of Citi iPhone app downloads. And more than 5,000 Citi customers who had never created online or mobile user IDs signed up for the iPad app, suggesting that the tablet application had managed to woo users trying online banking for the first time. Citi has clearly done a good job in getting that “wow!” reaction that is fundamental to success during the dating stage. 3. TRUE LOVE The third and most powerful stage is true love. If you've designed a service that adds value and is meaningful over a long period, users will stay loyal and let the service become a life companion. Consistency and trust will be essential during this stage. Just like with a human companion, you want to be able to always rely on the service. As you trust the service with more of your content and more of your secrets over time, you should never have doubts about privacy or the true intentions of the service provider. An ability to fluidly use the service across platforms and locations will be important. But with multiple touchpoints and interactions, complexity is a real issue–both for people using the services, as well for companies that provide them. In digital, there's a tendency for complexity to take root and grow like weeds in a garden. For service designers, the trick is to make complex systems simple and elegant. When users fall in love with a service, a typical reaction is “of course!”–an indication that the interaction feels intuitive and natural. Consistency and trust will be essential during this stage. Fjord partnered with Qualcomm and the Prevention Plan to design Macaw, an app that turns your smartphone into a personal wellness monitor. The service takes a proactive approach to helping people understand and improve their health. Macaw turns a topic that could feel heavy and dry into the opposite–fun, engaging, social, and immediately understandable–through the use of clear visual information. The app effectively uses gaming dynamics and empowers people to take their health literally into their own hands. While some users may start with Macaw as a simple experiment via their mobile device, the app's ability to make managing your health simple and accessible gives it the power to become a long-term and cherished service companion. Just like any great romance, getting to that “of course!” reaction is never easy. But as anyone who has ever fallen in love can attest to, when it happens, it's magic. The companies that design seductive digital services will ultimately be the ones that create the most successful and long-lasting bonds with their customers. [Images: IngridHS, Lori Sparkia, Antonio Abrignani, Everett Collection, and Battrick via Shutterstock]
SUMMIT — Thursday, the Rev Kim Tomaszewski and her partner Tara Wildhagen were excited as they prepared to officially marry one another at the Unitarian Church in Summit.
This was the first official same-sex marriage performed at the church, where Tomaszewski is a pastor. The church has held many civil unions, complete with ceremonies, including Tomaszewski and Wildhagen's, which was performed in March. A slide show of the ceremony and reception cycled through in the reception area of the church, where people gathered before and after the ceremony.
The ceremony was conducted by three members of the clergy, the Rev. Vanessa Southern, the senior pastor at the church, Rev. Emilie Boggis, and Tomaszewski's best friend The Rev. Stephanie Kershner of the Lutheran Church ELCA, who performed the civil union.
Thursday there were smiles all around and loud applause after Kershner said "by the powers vested in me by the state of New Jersey, I now pronounce you Wife and Wife."
Following the ceremony, the witnesses and officiant signed the wedding license, there were songs, a benediction and a reception with two types of cake, gluten-free chocolate and philly fluff, and sparkling cider at the church. There were also lots of smiles and hugs.
The decision to have this ceremony on Thursday was made by the couple on Monday, after Gov. Chris Christie withdrew his appeal of a court decision that same-sex marriages were legal in New Jersey.
Through the next week, the clergy at the Unitarian Church in Summit will officiate at weddings of same-sex couples, free of charge. Several couples have approached the church, said Southern, "Mostly people who we have done civil union ceremonies for. Some of the couples have been together for 30 years."
The congregation voted at its 2011 annual meeting to take a public stand supporting marriage for gays, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender people. A banner supporting same-sex marriage has been on the front of the church ever since.
To speak to a minister, call Rev. Vanessa Southern, Rev. Emilie Boggis or Rev. Kim Tomaszewski at the church 908-273-324 or email vrsouthern@gmail.com, Emilie@ucsummit.org or Kim@ucsummit.org. Visit the church's website at ucsummit.org.
More Union County news: NJ.com/Union • Twitter
President Donald Trump. Carlos Barria/Reuters
President Donald Trump is reeling after his first major legislative defeat, and he's reportedly changing his plans to score some wins.
According to reports, Trump is making changes to two of his biggest economic-agenda items — tax reform and infrastructure spending — after the GOP's attempt to reform healthcare failed on Friday.
After the Republican healthcare bill was pulled from a planned vote on the House floor Friday because of disagreements between moderate and conservative factions of the GOP, Trump is looking to find bipartisan efforts that can be achieved more simply.
Seeking a signature win, Trump is planning to move up the timetable on large-scale infrastructure spending to this year, reported Jonathan Swan at the news website Axios, citing a source in the White House.
Trump promised $1 trillion in infrastructure spending through public and private investment on America's roads, bridges, airports, and more during his campaign, and he reiterated that desire soon after his inauguration. Reports had suggested, however, that Trump had decided to push that part of his agenda back to 2018.
Now, according to Axios, the need to establish a bipartisan win could shift forward the timetable for Trump's infrastructure plan.
Doing so could give Trump a popular legislative victory, show he can work with Democrats, and possibly push economic growth closer to his stated goal of 4% annual gross-domestic-product growth (though Trump and his administration officials have talked that down toward 3% annual growth).
Additionally, Axios reported that the investment may come at the same time Trump and the GOP attempt to cut taxes. Both House Speaker Paul Ryan and Trump said tax cuts were the next issue they would tackle after pulling the healthcare bill from the House floor on Friday.
But the tax plan may not be as generous as originally thought.
During the campaign, a central part of Trump's economic plan was to cut the federal statutory corporate tax rate to 15% from its current 35%.
This may have been adjusted a bit, according to Andrew Ross Sorkin at The New York Times, citing sources with knowledge of the plans.
Trump himself shifted the expectations when he told a group of manufacturing CEOs at a meeting in February that the rate would be cut to "15 to 20%."
Now, Sorkin said, the plan for tax cuts is starting at a 20% corporate rate and could be even higher, possibly up to the 28% that was suggested by President Barack Obama in 2012 and 2013.
This would still be a cut and revenue-neutral, Sorkin wrote, but it is a far cry from the 15% continually promised by Trump and may make Wall Street rethink its forecasts for increased profits that would come as a result of lower tax bills.
But the smaller cut may be more palatable for Democrats and could provide some bipartisan cover to make sure the plan does not slip through the same cracks in the GOP conference that doomed the healthcare bill, the American Health Care Act.
As Trump attempts to regroup from the "Trumpcare" debacle and move forward with the passage of significant legislation, it appears his administration is willing to reconsider its policy goals and their timetables.
Immigration reformers are intensifying their pressure on President Obama to scale back deportations of illegal immigrants.
The advocates are urging the administration to expand its deferred action program, which allows some youngsters in the U.S. illegally to remain in the United States temporarily, to include unthreatening adults.
ADVERTISEMENT
While the advocates are quick to blame House Republicans for blocking comprehensive immigration reform legislation, they also maintain that Obama, in his wait for Congress to act, has been too aggressive on deportations at the expense of immigrant families.
“At the same time I am critical of Republicans for what they are not doing, I am going to be critical of the president for what he is doing,” Rep. Luis Gutiérrez (D-Ill.) said Friday during a press call on the topic. “At some point, someone has to stand up for the immigrant community and give a voice to the voiceless. When I see politicians hiding behind excuses, I have to call them on it.”
Janet Murguía, head of the National Council of La Raza, also hammered Republicans for refusing to take up a comprehensive bill, saying their claims that Obama wouldn't enforce such a law is merely an excuse not to act. But she also criticized Obama's deportation policies, saying they're unnecessarily tearing apart immigrant families.
“He is enforcing the law,” Murguía said. “[But] we see that he has a policy of prosecutorial discretion that gives him the ability to do more.”
Both Gutiérrez and Murguía churned headlines this week by referring to Obama as the “deporter in chief” — a reference to the nearly 2 million deportations under Obama's tenure, the highest number for any administration in American history.
Gutiérrez said that criticism was made in full recognition that Obama has also long pushed Congress to overhaul the nation's immigration system, which all sides of the debate consider to be broken.
“When I and others call the president the 'deporter in chief,' that is not contradictory with the president being a champion of immigration reform legislation,” Gutiérrez said. “Look, I want President Obama to be the 'bill-signer in chief,' and I think we are all pushing in the same direction.”
On Friday, Murguía suggested she would not continue using the term.
“I think I've made my point,” she said.
The remarks come just days after Sens. Robert Menendez Robert (Bob) MenendezActing Defense chief calls Graham an 'ally' after tense exchange William Barr is right man for the times This week: Trump delivers State of the Union amid wall fight MORE (D-N.J.), Dick Durbin Richard (Dick) Joseph DurbinKids confront Feinstein over Green New Deal Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Overnight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run MORE (D-Ill.) and Tom Harkin Thomas (Tom) Richard HarkinThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Wisconsin lawmaker refuses to cut hair until sign-language bill passes Iowa's Ernst will run for reelection in 2020 MORE (D-Iowa) urged Obama to use his executive pen to halt deportations for illegal immigrants with close family ties to the United States.
The issue presents Obama with a dilemma: If he continues to wait for Republicans to move legislation, he'll alienate some Latino voters while angering Democrats and other immigration reformers already irate over his high deportation numbers. But if he curtails deportations with another executive action, he risks easing the pressure on Republicans to move a bill, while also providing ammunition for GOP critics already accusing Obama of executive overreach.
Faced with those thorny dynamics, immigration reformers like Gutiérrez and Murguía say they'll be pressuring all sides.
"We're tired of the finger pointing, and we're going to push on both parties and … put pressure on both fronts to do more," Murguía said. "We will make sure we do everything we can to build our political power so that there will be political consequences either in the midterms or … in 2016."
Some advocates are urging House Democratic leaders to introduce a discharge petition as an attempt to force a House vote on the issue. Gutiérrez said Friday he supports that plan, but that strategy alone, he warned, won't get a bill to Obama's desk.
"Nobody believes you're going to get 218 people to sign the discharge [petition]," he said, "but it's a tool to put pressure and to highlight the inaction of the Republican majority.
"I just want to make very clear," Gutiérrez added, "you cannot simply talk about demanding a vote without speaking to the issue of the president using his executive authority — which he has … — to protect our community."
Retired Marine Gen. John Allen says presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is the right person to be the next commander in chief.
Allen, who led troops in Iraq and Afghanistan and served as the U.S. envoy to coordinate the international fight against the Islamic State group, said on Monday that Clinton has the patience and understanding to make smart decisions about using military power
"This has been a very personal decision for me," Allen said in Clinton campaign news release. "I have stayed out of the political arena my entire adult life, but given the complexities of issues facing our country today and its longtime allies, I felt compelled to speak up and be heard.
"I have no doubt that she is the leader we need at this time to keep our country safe, and I trust her with that most sacred responsibility of Commander-in-Chief."
Allen could not be reached for comment. Clinton thanked the retired general for his endorsement during her speech Monday at the Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in Charlotte, North Carolina.
"His confidence in me — and that of the other esteemed military leaders who support my campaign — means a great deal to me," Clinton said. "But it also imposes a high responsibility on me as well."
Bill Schneider, an expert on political campaigns, said that Allen's move could reassure some voters who are still on the fence about whether Clinton can be trusted as commander in chief.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Marine Corps Times Daily News Roundup
"That's very important because she would be the first female commander in chief in history," said Schneider, who is currently a visiting professor of communications at the University of California, Los Angeles. "It's an important statement because it shows that military people can work with her."
110718-N-TT977-138 U.S. Marine Corps Lt. Gen. John R. Allen, U.S. Army Gen. David H. Petraeus, commander, International Security Assistance Force and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen arrive at the promotion ceremony for Allen at ISAF headquarters in Kabul, Afghanistan on July 18, 2011. (DoD photo by Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Chad J. McNeeley/Released)
Marine Gen. John R. Allen, Army Gen. David Petraeus and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen at Allen's promotion ceremony in Kabul, Afghanistan on July 18, 2011.
Photo Credit: MC1 Chad J. McNeeley, Office of the Chairman of the Jo
As a deputy commander in Iraq's Anbar province from 2006 to 2008, Allen realized that the key to defeating al-Qaida in Iraq was empowering the Sunni sheiks and tribes whom the coalition had tried to remove from Iraqi politics immediately after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
He helped form an alliance between U.S. and Sunni tribes known as the "Awakening" movement, which turned the tide against al-Qaida until U.S. troops left the country.
From 2011 to 2013, Allen served as the top commander of all U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan. Afterward, he was nominated to be the head of U.S. European Command but he opted to retire instead, saying he needed to care for his wife Kathy, who was in poor health.
Even though he has endorsed Clinton, Allen has not always seen eye-to-eye with President Obama, who is also a Democrat. Allen has consistently urged Obama to curtail the drawdown of U.S. troops in Afghanistan, telling Marine Corps Times in September 2014 that the withdrawal plan at the time could cause the Afghan government to collapse.
In June, Allen was one of 13 former military and civilian officials who wrote a letter to President Obama urging him to keep 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan for the remainder of his time in office. Obama ultimately decided in July to keep 8,400 U.S. troops in the country until January.
In September 2015, Allen abruptly resigned from his position leading international efforts against ISIS amid media reports that he disagreed with White House and Defense officials about the best strategy to defeat the terrorist group.
Attempts to reach Allen for comment on Monday were unsuccessful.
As a general officer who is widely respected within the military community, Allen's endorsement is significant to the Clinton campaign, said Mark Cancian, with the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank in Washington .
"It protects Clinton against arguments that she may have been anti-military, at least at times in her past," said Cancian, senior adviser with the international security program at CSIS. "Certainly back in the '90s, when Bill Clinton was president, that was a huge issue."
Cancian, a retired Marine colonel who served with Allen in Iraq, has some concerns about the endorsement, though. While he has tremendous respect for Allen, Cancian said he worries that having retired general officers involved in political causes may prompt the White House to exclude top military leaders from the decision-making process, he said.
"In the White House, everything is political," Cancian said. "If they worry that deliberations might be leaked or people might go to work for the political opposition, then they just won't invite those people and they'll stick with the political appointees that they're comfortable with."
In some countries, general and flag officers are promoted based on their political leanings, he said.
Allen is the latest retired general officer to endorse a candidate throw his hat into the ring this election cycle. Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn spoke in favor of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at last week's Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
One expert on civil-military relations fears that by endorsing Clinton, Allen could give the appearance that he is speaking for current senior military leaders.
"A man of his prominence and his rank can be interpreted to speak for the whole military community, retired and active duty," said Richard Kohn, who teaches military history at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Kohn said he does not believe any retired military officer should ever endorse political candidates.
"They are in effect declaring themselves partisans and leaving the non-partisanship of the military profession and that's a different thing," he said.
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) talks with reporters at the Capitol on June 22. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
Ever since Donald Trump shocked Hillary Clinton in November and Republicans won victories up and down the ballot, the Democratic party has been debating what it needs to do to connect with voters and put itself back in control of government.
Those debates may soon be coming to a head. Led by Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), the Senate minority leader, Democrats in Congress are developing an economic agenda that could serve as a statement of the party's principles in next year's midterm elections. Schumer has suggested the document would be public in the coming weeks, although Democratic aides have cautioned that no date is set.
But while Democrats are unified in opposition to the president, they're split over an agenda of their own — particularly when it comes to bringing back working-class, white voters who flocked to Trump in 2016.
After decades of relying on free-market solutions to achieve liberal aims, Democrats have shifted to the left in recent years, and many are calling for more government intervention in the economy. Yet despite the emerging consensus around more progressive policies, it is unclear whether Democrats can form a winning electoral coalition around those ideas, and some say the party must tack to the ideological center.
"People don't like Trump," Schumer told ABC News. "But they say, ‘What the heck do the Democrats stand for?' ”
The left has already won many of the important debates within the party — in contrast to past years, when Democrats took a centrist approach to economic policymaking.
President Bill Clinton unraveled crucial elements of the social safety net for very poor Americans when he reformed the welfare system in 1996, replacing it with programs to encourage participation in the labor force. Additionally, Clinton deregulated financial markets and accelerated globalization with the North American Free Trade Agreement.
President Barack Obama also pursued free-trade agreements in office, although without success. The Affordable Care Act, widely known as Obamacare, relied on free-market principles to reduce premiums for individual consumers.
Today, though, Democratic politicians broadly support greater redistribution of income, more generous social insurance and an expanded scope for government — a more ambitious liberalism exemplified by proposals for paid leave and universal child-care benefits.
"Which side are you on?" That is the question for Democrats, writes Mike Konczal, an expert on the financial industry at the progressive Roosevelt Institute, on Vox.
The shift follows a gradual trend among Democratic voters toward more progressive politics. The share of Democrats calling themselves liberal has increased from 27 percent in 2000 to 42 percent today, according to the Pew Research Center. There are now more ordinary people in the party who describe themselves as liberal as who describe themselves as conservative or moderate.
Meanwhile, the distribution of economic resources has become vastly more unequal, and many on the left seem ready for a change. The figures for wealth are particularly striking: The richest 0.1 percent of U.S. households now possess as much as the poorest 90 percent combined.
"What has gone wrong with the American economy isn't just a short-term flip," said Heather Boushey, an economist and the director of the Washington Center for Equitable Growth. "We've had 40 years of economic policies — most importantly tax policies, but other policies as well — that have allowed a small group of people at the top of the income spectrum to garner greater and greater shares of national income."
The victories for progressive Democrats are not limited to economic issues.
The tough-on-crime legislation Clinton signed two decades ago is now widely viewed as a mistake, and Democrats agree on the need for reform in criminal justice. Pro-life Democrats are so rare these days that it was newsworthy when Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) declared that there was still a place for them in the party. Former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders arguably won the debate over Social Security when he goaded Clinton into promising not to reduce benefits.
Acknowledging that reality, middle-of-the-road Democrats Mark Penn and Andrew Stein urged the party to opt for more moderate positions in an op-ed in the New York Times on Thursday. "The path back to power for the Democratic Party," they wrote, "is unquestionably to move to the center and reject the siren calls of the left, whose policies and ideas have weakened the party."
On the economy, the gist of the Democrats' likely platform in coming elections already seems clear, based on proposals by lawmakers and candidates in recent years.
Many Democrats agree on making college and vocational school more affordable by using federal money to help students with tuition. Another priority is bringing down the cost of parenting. Democrats have proposed guaranteeing paid parental and family leave for all workers, covering some of the cost of child care with federal money and delivering more cash to families via an expanded child tax credit.
Democrats have also supported assisting adults without children by expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit for that group. Meanwhile, lawmakers have called for a massive investment in rebuilding the country's physical infrastructure. Schumer, Sanders and their colleagues in the Senate have proposed dedicating $1 trillion in funds over a decade.
With some exceptions, Democrats have said they will fund these programs through increases in taxes on the rich. They've largely rejected any additions to the national debt, or any hike in taxes for ordinary households.
The worry for Democrats is that Hillary Clinton advocated all of these policies during the campaign, without attracting much interest from the media or from the general public. Trump's unpredictable style as a politician has made it difficult for Democrats to get attention for their ideas.
Compounding the problem is that the same economic issues that do arouse passionate concern among voters seem to be the ones on which the party really does disagree.
For instance, Trump has made it impossible for Democrats to ignore their differences over trade. Those on the left argue that globalization has caused unemployment and dislocation, especially for blue-collar workers. The success of Trump's campaign — in which he repeatedly blamed free trade for voters' economic frustration -- has cowed Democrats who believe that trade is good, on balance, for American households and businesses.
The minimum wage is another point of contention. Democrats broadly agree the national minimum of $7.25 an hour should be hiked, but many are reluctant to say by how much. Economists warn that increasing the minimum wage by too much could make low-income workers too costly for businesses to employ, impoverishing the people the minimum wage is intended to help.
Sanders supported a national minimum wage of $15 an hour during the campaign. Clinton argued for more modest increases.
Finally, on health care, Democrats are divided over whether to modify Obamacare, or to replace the private insurance industry with a single government payer, as Sanders has advocated.
For now, these disagreements are not all that important, as Democrats are united in their opposition to Trump and his agenda. Sanders, as an example, has been traveling around the country holding rallies and making clear his support for Obamacare over the GOP alternative.
Yet as Democrats prepare for the elections in 2018 and beyond, these divisions could make it difficult for them to settle on a simple and straightforward pitch to voters.
Many in the party argue that Democrats do not need a radically different approach on economic issues.
"America's best hope to remain an economic superpower is an inclusive economy where immigrants start businesses and create jobs, where everyone can make meaningful contributions," Ronald Klain, a senior adviser to Hillary Clinton during the campaign, wrote in The Washington Post. "That message may not have appealed to some working-class voters, but it isn't condescension — it's honesty."
Some on the left are looking to Trump for tips. Trump's relentless emphasis on restricting trade and immigration gave him an advantage over Clinton, said Yascha Mounk, a scholar at New America, a research organization in Washington, D.C. By contrast, he argued, the Democratic nominee's appeal to voters was muddled because she had so many different ideas.
"They kept pitching a different policy proposal every week," Mounk said. Instead, he said, Democrats need to settle on one policy with the potential to capture voters' imaginations.
"Whatever the Democrats do in 2018, but even more so whatever they do in 2020, they need some policy that is like that ... one sort of crown jewel that sort of encapsulates what they're trying to do," Mounk said.
"Message has always been a challenge for Democrats, because it tends to get too convoluted and not very simple," Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.) told Politico.
Boushey, the economist, argued that Trump won over voters by convincing them that he could take control of the economy, and that Democrats can do the same.
"That was incredibly powerful -- to say to the American people, the economy isn't just something that happens," she said. "We have a choice about what kind of economy we want, and it is well within the power of policymakers to enact policies that will create good jobs. We've done it before. We can do it again, so I think whatever we do needs to signal that."
Not everyone on the left shares that optimism.
Lane Kenworthy, a sociologist at the University of California at San Diego, cautioned that while Democrats' proposals would shore up ordinary households's finances and bring down inequality, they might not improve employment and economic growth. Kenworthy suggested that Trump became popular with voters by promising not just more financial resources, but better jobs as well.
"A lot of the stuff that Hillary Clinton was proposing would be really good things that would make people's lives more secure," Kenworthy said. "The problem is, I don't think social scientists — at least the ones who study this carefully — have any real good ideas about how to boost economic growth."
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People have been warned they could be charged with theft after a shopper was convicted of pocketing a forgotten £20 note she found in a shop.
CCTV captured the moment Nicole Bailey picked up the cash that was left behind by a customer who withdrew it at a One-Stop convenience store.
The 23-year-old didn't know who the money belonged to and left the store with it.
But she was charged with theft by police after the man who withdrew the cash realised he had lost it and complained to staff at the store, the Stoke Sentinel reports.
Magistrates at North Staffordshire Justice Centre heard the cash had been withdrawn shortly before it was pocketed by Bailey at the shop in Nashe Drive in Blurton, Staffordshire.
Prosecutor Ruth Bentley said: "Staff checked the CCTV which showed a female pickup the £20 note from a display in the store.
"The manager recognised the woman, who was a regular customer."
The court heard police were called in and Bailey, of Highfield Drive, Blurton, attended a voluntary interview.
She initially denied taking it, but admitted it when she was shown the CCTV footage.
Bailey, who has no previous convictions, went on to plead guilty to theft.
Simon Dykes, mitigating, said the matter ought to have been dealt with by a police caution and stayed out of court.
He said: "She didn't know who the money belonged to.
"People don't realise picking up something you have found amounts to a theft. She has been quite naïve in doing so."
Magistrates handed Bailey a six-month conditional discharge, meaning she will face no punishment if she remains out of trouble for the next six months.
She must also pay a total of £175 in court costs and charges.
Staffordshire Police Chief Inspector Karen Stevenson said the definition of theft was "the dishonest appropriation of property belonging to another with the intention of permanently depriving the other of it".
She said: "We would actively encourage any member of the public who picks up money that has been dropped to be honest and do the right thing by taking all reasonable steps to try and find the owner."
Mitt Romney and Barack Obama have 10 million good reasons to talk about binders and birth control: There are 10 million more women than men in the American electorate.
Women also figure disproportionately in a group both campaigns are in full-fledged pursuit of — the ever-shrinking ranks of undecided voters.
Women at the low end of the economic scale are especially likely to be undecided, said Susan Carroll, a senior scholar at the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University. Tagged with the moniker “waitress moms,” they are simply too consumed with daily economic survival to focus much on politics, she said.
“There are still a group of voters out there who are up for grabs, and that is why these candidates are really targeting women voters and targeting women in these swing states,” she said.
So how does one target a woman, anyway? Are females creatures with political needs exclusive to themselves, or are they, well, just like everyone else?
Both, say pollsters who have researched that question.
Women, like men, list jobs and the economy as their foremost concerns. But they're also attuned to a constellation of issues that affect them disproportionately — contraception, abortion, the social safety net, parity in the workplace.
“The Republicans want to deregulate everything but women's health. They treat us like kids or pets,” Susan Thomas, 68, said at a recent Obama rally.
“I remember what it was like in the workplace, the kind of subterfuge you had to go through to get birth control,” said Thomas, a retired college professor who lives in Decatur.
But Amy Peil, a Romney supporter from Sandy Springs, said she weighs economic policies over social issues when casting her vote. “The hardest hit have really been the women and the single moms,” she said.
“It's just upsetting to me, because they are just obviously misinformed and don't know this whole Democratic ‘war on women' has just been sort of used as a distraction,” said Peil, 54, the co-host of an Internet radio program.“All the talk about contraception … As if that's, as a woman, our only health concern.”
Women have outvoted men in every presidential election since 1980, casting nearly 10 million more ballots than their male counterparts in 2008. Over the years, political analysts have spliced and diced them into singles and single moms, soccer moms, grandmas and now waitress moms.
Women have favored Democratic candidates in the past three presidential elections, but experts say that doesn't mean Obama has a lock. Some polls show Romney gaining significant ground among women on the heels of this month's debates.
The GOP nominee's popularity spiked among women — as among men — after the first debate in early October, said Carroll Doherty, associate director of the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press. “Romney is making great gains overall, and in particular, among women,” he said.
That, however, was before the latest incident involving a GOP Senate candidate and a remark about rape. (The candidate, Richard Mourdock of Indiana, said he believes that pregnancies resulting from rape are God's will.)
“We'll see if this controversy over the Indiana senate candidate or anything that happens down the stretch will move people one way or the other,” Doherty said.
For those attempting to handicap the race, the danger is that the furor over such isolated incidents can obscure the more fundamental, underlying forces that will drive the outcome.
“The first thing to note is that for both men and women, there's a lot of common ground: they are concerned about the economy,” said Scott Rasmussen, a pollster and head of Rasmussen Reports. “That's the biggest issue for men and women, young and old. Everybody.”
Gallup polls from both August and October found that both men and women listed jobs and the economy as the most important issues facing the country.
One layer deeper, however, differences emerged.
When male voters were asked what issues are most important to men, specifically, they again named the economy and jobs. However, when women were asked which issues are most important to females, they listed reproductive rights, jobs and health care.
“Overall, women's priorities aren't any different than men's, but when you ask them specifically about issues that matter to women, they take a different approach on social issues,” Doherty said.
Of course, in any group that makes up more than half the electorate, there are many sub-groups with divergent attitudes and concerns.
Much of Romney's female support comes from married, older women.
“It was no accident that they talked about mothers (at the RNC convention), because it was an attempt to build support with the base,” said Carroll, of Rutgers.
But Romney's website and the Republicans' platform are less obvious than Obama's and the Democrats' in their efforts to single out women as a special segment of the population.
One need look no further than Obama's website to get a sense of just how much emphasis his campaign is putting on women. The website lists “women” as a singular issue alongside health care, education and taxes.
Further, the site has a special section called “Life of Julia,” depicting how a fictional woman's world would be affected throughout her lifetime by either Obama's or Romney's policies.
In particular, it's critical for Obama to reach younger, unmarried women, said John Zogby, an independent pollster with JZ Analytics.
“In the next couple weeks, be looking on the TV,” he said. “If you don't see Obama standing with a giant sea of young women behind him, he's not doing what he needs to do.”
Even in Georgia, universally considered a done deal for Romney, women are are evenly split between the candidates, according to a statewide poll for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. In the poll, conducted two weeks ago, 48 percent of women said they'd vote for Obama if the election were held then; 46 percent said they would vote for Romney.
There was a huge gap, though, in how much ardor each candidate evoked. More than two-thirds of the women who favored Obama described themselves as “very enthusiastic” about his candidacy. Just over one-third of women supporting Romney were equally fired up.
Nevertheless, Romney's 9-point margin among men gave him a comfortable 8-point lead among all Georgia's registered voters, according to the poll, conducted by Abt SRBI Inc.
At 18, Ga. Tech freshman Meredith Christianson is a member of a key Obama demographic. But she's voting for Romney.
“This election is definitely more about getting our economy back on track than it is about social issues,” said Christianson, who hopes to become a physician. “I'm really focused on getting the economy better and to a place that when I graduate in four years there will be a job for me.”
At 40 and making a very comfortable income as a project manager Venita Howell, of Roswell, looks a lot like a Romney voter. And she said she finds herself aligned with the GOP candidate in many ways. She even expects that in a second Obama term, her taxes would rise.
But she's put off by what she describes as Romney's changeability. “He seems to say what people want him to say, which I guess I understand if you need money to run,” she said.
Howell also worries about the fate of those who are less fortunate. “The trickle-down theory doesn't work for people at the bottom of the trickle. If that's what we're going back to, no thanks.”
Numark Mixtrack Platinum
Available now with the release of Serato DJ 1.9.2 is the latest entry level Serato DJ Intro controller from Numark, the Mixtrack Platinum.
The Mixtrack Platinum works free with Serato DJ Intro software out-of-the-box, with the option to purchase an upgrade license to have full access to the professional features available in Serato DJ.
Based on its Predecessors, the Platinum is a 4-deck/2-channel controller with many of the features you have become accustomed to within the Numark Mixtrack range, along with exciting new features great for DJs from beginner to pro.
What you can find on the Platinum:
16 multi-function backlit performance pads for control of Cues, loops and sampler within Serato DJ.
Filter and gain controls for each channel.
Dynamic FX control with the multi-function touch strip, with the ability to add 3 Serato DJ FX per deck.
4-channel mixing capabilities with the new deck select function. Deck select enables you to switch to the desired layered deck and add another 2 decks to your performance. With the new LCD display screens, you can monitor your active deck within the job wheel.
1.75" LCD display screens in each jog wheel. These exciting new screens give you easy access to information such as BPM, platter position, time remaining, key lock, pitch adjustment, and key lock, all displayed in real time. Meaning you can spend less time looking at your laptop and more time focussing on your performance.
Download Serato DJ Intro
Photo
The former chief editor of a Hong Kong newspaper whose dismissal in January stirred protests about press freedom in the Chinese territory was slashed Wednesday morning, the police said.
Kevin Lau Chun-to, the former chief editor of Ming Pao, was slashed three times by an attacker who fled with an accomplice on a motorbike, said Simon Kwan King-pan, the chief inspector of the Hong Kong police. The attack happened shortly after 10 a.m. as Mr. Lau was walking from his car in the Sai Wan Ho neighborhood. Mr. Lau was listed in critical condition at a local hospital with a wound in his back and two in his legs, and doctors said he faced a long recovery.
Mr. Lau's ouster led to noisy protests by journalists and others who feared that his departure reflected the Chinese Communist Party's efforts to subdue the independent media in the semi-autonomous territory.
Under Mr. Lau, Ming Pao investigated the death of a mainland dissident who many suspects was murdered despite his death being ruled a suicide. It recently took part in an investigation by the Washington-based International Consortium of Investigative Journalists published in January that showed the relatives of several senior Chinese leaders, including President Xi Jinping and former Prime Minister Wen Jiabao, owned stakes in companies registered with offshore tax havens including the British Virgin Islands.
Photo
Francis Moriarty, the head of the press freedom committee of the Foreign Correspondents Club of Hong Kong, called the attack “shocking” and noted that it came after several less serious attacks on journalists in Hong Kong and just three days after a protest over concerns about press freedom in the territory. In one notable incident last year, assailants crashed a car into the home of Jimmy Lai, a media mogul critical of Beijing who founded Next Media, and they left a machete and ax in his driveway.
“This is a serious escalation,” Mr. Moriarty said of Wednesday's attack.
“We urge the Hong Kong police to treat the incident with the utmost urgency, and to find and prosecute the culprits,” the club said later in a statement. “The growing number of attacks against members of the press in Hong Kong needs to be taken seriously by the local administration. Hong Kong's reputation as a free and international city will suffer if such crimes go unsolved and unpunished.”
Others called the attack disturbing no matter what the motive turns out to be.
“It doesn't matter what the motives are, it's just not acceptable,'' said Yuen Chan, a lecturer in journalism at The Chinese University of Hong Kong, adding that she didn't have any information on why Mr. Lau was attacked. “There have been incidents where media people have been attacked, it's not the first one — it's very, very disturbing.''
The police said they had no suspects in the attack but they were reviewing footage from security cameras at the scene. Several other recent attacks involving journalists have gone unsolved.
In Sunday's demonstration, at least 1,600 people turned out to support press freedom in Hong Kong, with organizers citing such concerns as the recent dismissal of a popular radio host and claims by local media outlets that they are losing advertising from mainland Chinese businesses because of their editorial positions.
The attack on Mr. Lau comes as Hong Kong-mainland Chinese tensions have been building amid increasing fears over the mainland's widening political and cultural influence over the former British colony.
Starting in June, a series of large demonstrations are planned in Hong Kong, including one to mark the 25th anniversary of the crackdown on the Tiananmen protests in Beijing and others to press demands for universal suffrage in electing the territory's leaders. Such organized protests are banned in mainland China.
Mr. Lau was visited in the hospital by Leung Chun-ying, Hong Kong's chief executive, who is considered pro-Beijing and who often came under scrutiny by Ming Pao when Mr. Lau was its editor. At a news conference after the visit, Mr. Leung recalled his association with the editor and condemned “this savage act.”
Michael Forsythe and Alan Wong contributed reporting.
Kayla Jean Mueller was taken hostage in August 2013, while working as an aid worker in Aleppo (AFP Photo)
On Tuesday, the radical Islamic group the Islamic State announced that 26-year-old hostage Kayla Mueller was dead, reportedly in a Jordanian bombing raid.
As Talking Points Memo reported, while much of the world reacted with horror and grief at the death, many conservatives took to social media to celebrate the killing and call the young aid worker a terrorist sympathizer and “anti-Israel bitch” because of her work on behalf of the occupied people of Palestine.
In a piece titled “Kayla Mueller: Dead ISIS Hostage Was Jew-Hating, Anti-Israel Bitch,” conservative blogger Debbie Schlussel wrote, “No tears for the newly-departed Kayla Mueller, the ISIS hostage whose parents confirmed today that she is dead.”
“Mueller was a Jew-hating, anti-Israel piece of crap who worked with HAMAS and helped Palestinians harass Israeli soldiers and block them from doing their job of keeping Islamic terrorists out of Israel,” Schlussel wrote.
“I have no sympathy for any of these ‘American' (in name only!) hostages of ISIS,” she went on. “And my attitude when I hear they've been snuffed out is, so sad, too bad.”
One conservative website urged readers to pause before they mourn Mueller's death and ask whether her support of Palestine was ultimately what killed her.
“People should be asking is why this young American girl was in Syria in the first place,” said Conservative-Headlines.com. “The fact is that Kayla Mueller was a Cultural Marxist who talked about her ‘privilege.'”
On Twitter, some conservatives mocked Mueller for being “liberal.”
I wonder if Kayla Mueller thought "climate change" was more of an "existential threat" than #ISSIS. #tcot #cdnpoli #syria — Regulus de Leo (@RegulusdeLeo) February 10, 2015
Breitbart.com's Joel Pollack echoed that sentiment.
Sad that Kayla Mueller was anti-Israel activist. If she understood both sides she might have avoided idealizing the enemy that killed her — Joel Pollak (@joelpollak) February 11, 2015
The website Shoebat.com's Lee Kaplan said, “(T)he press tries to paint Kayla as a selfless volunteer helping poor Arab refugees. She may have even helped some injured Arabs in refugee camps. But don't be fooled where her sympathies laid; she was working to support the goals of Palestinian irredentist/terrorists and to interfere with the IDF on behalf of terrorist groups. As an ISM activist she was a tool for the worldwide jihad.”
And Jim Hoft, also known as the Gateway Pundit, called Mueller “pro-terrorist” for opposing Israel's ongoing occupation of Gaza.
An anonymous post is spreading like wildfire across social media.On Thursday, a post, allegedly from a sorority member at Southern Methodist University, went viral for explaining why black women won't be accepted as pledges for sororities on campus.The post, the authenticity of which we can't confirm, reads:The reality is is that black pnms [potential new members] are often unqualified for recruitment (low GPA, bad grades, not involved on campus, know nothing about the houses) and are heavily unprepared (no letters of recommendations or letters of support) and generally come from a completely different background (impoverished lower class).The post is on an anonymous message board about fraternity and sorority life called GreekRan k and is simply titled "Black women going through recruitment…"The writer continues to say that "recruitment is 10x tougher as a Black woman, and you will have to work harder than other white, Asian, Hispanic, or foreign women." The writer also notes that diversity in on-campus sororities is a hot topic on the app Yik Yak.Refinery29 has not confirmed who wrote the post, or its validity. Requests for comment from Twitter users who shared the post were not immediately returned.A representative from SMU said to Refinery29 in a statement, "The content of these anonymous posts on GreekRank is clearly abhorrent and would not represent standards and values at SMU." The university noted that it has no affiliation with GreekRank.The university also urged readers to remember that posts like this "can easily be amplified to incorrectly represent the opinions of many, even if there is no actual affiliation with the group they purport to represent nor truth in what they post."But for Makiah Green, a recent graduate from University of Southern California, who first posted screenshots from the message board on Twitter and Facebook, it doesn't matter whether the post is legitimate."Although there's no way to verify if it was posted by a real sorority, the racist sentiments expressed in the post are shared by many white sorority members," Green told Refinery29. "The fact that so many people have shared this story and been hurt by it speaks to its ideological legitimacy. There's a reason why people of color are not surprised by this."Celebrities uncluding Gabrielle Union and Soledad O'Brien are just two of the thousands who've shared the post on Twitter. Many others include the hashtag #BlackAtSMU, which includes outcries about the lack of diversity in SMU fraternities and sororities.
Image caption Electricity and gas prices vary wildly depending on where you live in Europe
High energy bills may top the political agenda in the UK, but households all over Europe are feeling the squeeze.
Since 2010, both gas and electricity prices have risen markedly, largely due to rises in wholesale prices on the back of the tentative global economic recovery and expectations of higher demand.
Electricity prices fell in the first half of the year, but this was simply a case of energy suppliers cutting prices after large increases in January.
The dip in gas prices has lasted longer, but even they are on the up again.
But as the chart below shows, Europe cannot be treated as a single entity, for there are massive differences between individual countries in what households pay for their power.
Energy think tank Vaasaett says that although its prices are specific to capital cities, the rankings shown below would not change if the country as a whole was substituted for the city.
Taking exchange rates out of the equation, Helsinki is the cheapest of the 23 European cities surveyed for electricity prices. Households in Berlin - the most expensive - pay two-and-a-half times as much, largely due to taxes and subsidies designed to boost renewable energy production.
In fact, almost a third of a Berliner's electricity bill comprises energy taxes. The equivalent figure for the UK is currently 9%, but this will fall - possibly by three or four percentage points - once energy suppliers pass on recently announced changes in green levies.
In the past month, prices have risen in seven cities, and nowhere more so than in London. This has sparked dismay among consumers and sparked heated political debate about how best to reduce bills - hence the reduction in green levies. And yet UK consumers are less active in changing energy companies than at any time since 1999 - when they were first free to pick and choose supplier - with just 10% of customers switching during the past year.
Even after the recent price rises, however, London remains one of the cheaper places to buy electricity, and below the European average.
But prices haven't been going up everywhere - electricity bills have fallen in nine cities in the past month, particularly in Central and Eastern Europe, with the Hungarian government reducing prices by 11% and its Croatian counterpart cutting them by 6%.
On average across Europe, the actual energy price component, including supplier profit margins, represents about 41% of a household's electricity bill, while distribution represents 33%, energy taxes 11% and sales tax 16%, according to Vaasaett.
In the UK, the price of energy including margins is 58%, distribution is 26%, energy taxes 11% and VAT 5%. Compare this with Copenhagen, where the cost of energy comprises less than a fifth of bills while taxes make up more than half.
Gas prices also vary a great deal, with households in Stockholm - the most expensive city - paying three times more than those in the cheapest, Luxembourg City.
Stockholm is much more expensive than everywhere else simply because the gas market is so small - there are only 33,000 households buying gas in the whole of Sweden.
London is the second cheapest city, where households pay well below the European average, despite recent price rises. In the past month, seven countries have seen gas price rises, while eight have seen prices fall.
Across Europe, the actual wholesale gas price, together with suppliers' profit margins, represents 54% of an average gas bill, while distribution represents 23%, energy taxes 7% and sales tax 16%.
In the UK, the price of energy including margins makes up 67% of a gas bill, while distribution represents 23%, energy taxes 6% and VAT 5%.
Of course prices must be seen in the context of people's ability to pay them, and fuel poverty is seen as a major concern within the UK, where 6.5% of the population say they cannot afford to keep their homes adequately warm, according to European Union figures.
But spare a thought for those living in Bulgaria, where almost half the population (47%) say they cannot afford to heat their homes properly. Many Lithuanians (34%), Cypriots (31%), Portuguese (27%) and Greeks (26%) in particular also struggle to keep their homes warm.
At the other end of the scale, less than 2% of Scandinavians cannot afford to keep warm at home. The average across the EU is about 11%.
The figures for the proportion of people who are struggling to keep up with the energy bill payments are almost as startling.
Almost a third of Greeks (32%) are in arrears on their utility bills, while many Bulgarians, Croatians (both 28%), Romanians (27%) and Latvians (23%) also struggle to keep up with their payments.
In the UK, about 9% of the population are behind in their bill payments, compared with an average across the EU of about 10%.
Further energy price rises will simply ensure that even more households across Europe will struggle to keep up with their bill payments, and increase further the number that cannot afford to heat their homes properly this winter.
Tenno,
We've received reports that a suspicious being has been spotted in Missions across the Solar System.
A mysterious figure has been lurking in the shadows, watching Tenno as they proceed through Missions. Security cameras have caught this figure trailing Tenno on Jupiter, Eris and Europa -- with reports of new locations being added by the hour.
It is unknown whether this figure is a threat. It has been exhibiting the strange behavior of re-stocking lockers, crates and storage containers with Health and Credits once Tenno have cleared the area. For the meantime, it is requested that you stay alert and report any strange behavior near storage containers.
Beware and proceed with caution, Tenno. The Stocker is among us.
*Update! We have just received a clear image of The Stocker:
As president and COO of Nintendo of America since 2006, Reggie Fils-Aimé has seen a lot of history—from the era-defining success of the Wii console to the Wii U's underwhelming reception to the arrival of the company's intellectual property on smartphones last year with Pokémon Go and Super Mario Run. Most recently, the company has rebounded in a big way with the Nintendo Switch, a console that lets you play games on a TV or on the go. Strong sales for the Switch and its games have led to the best financial results for the Japanese gaming giant in years.
advertisement
advertisement
With last week's release of Super Mario Odyssey—a new Switch game that sold 2 million copies in three days—I chatted with Fils-Aimé about the state of Nintendo, its platforms, and its venerable franchises. Fast Company: In the period when you knew about the Switch but the world didn't, was it obvious to you that it at least had the potential to be a blockbuster and silence some of the people who were saying “Nintendo, hardware is dead, you should just be a smartphone app company?” Reggie Fils-Aimé: Yeah, absolutely. You know, I was fortunate. I saw early prototypes. I held a plastic model of the device and gave input. And I can honestly say that when I first saw the games, the experiences, like 1-2-Switch, and The Legend of Zelda, I had the same feeling that I did when I saw prototypes of the Nintendo DS or prototypes of the Wii. I knew that we had something that was differentiated out in the marketplace that would be compelling to the consumer, and would provide experiences that they've never had before, and that was very exciting. FC: The Wii was such a hard act to live up to, and a lot of people thought that it might be impossible. But it seems like the Switch has a good shot at being a success on that level. RFA: Certainly commercially successful, but I would say the other piece that gives our development teams a lot of pride, are the games that are coming out on the system and how the games are breaking through. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is a completely innovative take on the Zelda franchise. It's not linear. You don't go into an area and earn a weapon to go beat a particular dungeon. There are no dungeons. It's a whole different way to play Zelda. Super Mario Odyssey is a different type of Super Mario experience. Yes, you have to beat Bowser and make everything right in the world, but it's this big sandbox experience. Brand-new franchises like Arms. Continuing intellectual property like Splatoon. I think that's what excites us so much, is bringing all of these great new experiences out to the marketplace.
advertisement
“We Look At Our Demographics Constantly” FC: Do you have a sense as to whether the people buying the Switch are classic Nintendo fans? Or also people who either aren't Nintendo fans or maybe were once Nintendo fans but not so much in recent years? RFA: We look at our demographics constantly and certainly there's a group that are Nintendo fans. There's a very large group that are new to Nintendo, and that's very exciting to see. For these consumers to get exposure to our intellectual property, to be able to play games that they can't play anywhere else. That's another signal to us that we've really struck a chord with the Nintendo Switch. FC: I've seen them out and about quite a bit, with people taking advantage of the ability to roam. RFA: Personally, I see them in airports. I see them on planes. The ability to take a home console with you and play anywhere really has struck a chord with the consumer. FC: Now that it's clear it's doing well, have the larger third-party publishers gotten more interested? RFA: Absolutely. And it's fair to say that when we first showed the concept, third-party publishers were excited about that point. You know, they saw what we saw, which was this is differentiated, this is compelling. This is going to add an audience to their marketplace. And certainly with FIFA, for example, from EA launching the same day, same date, as on other platforms, they made a commitment. Ubisoft, with their products. Bethesda and Take Two, which are companies that, certainly in recent memory, haven't been on the Nintendo platforms. They see the opportunity and the potential. And there's a lot of opportunity and excitement, both with the big third-party publishers, and the small independent developers to get on board.
advertisement
FC: When I started using mine I was impressed by all the indie games and I wasn't sure if that's because there were more of them than usual or there's just a little less noise and it was easier for them to pop out. Do you expect it to be a good indie platform? RFA: It will continue to be a good indie platform. I think the reason the great indie content came was because we made the decision early to have [major game engines] Unity and Unreal Engine support for the system. So that enabled the independent developer to have an easier pathway to develop for the platform, and that's enabled them to bring the content. I think the other piece that they see is that we give them a lot of support. Support in terms of the news feature on Nintendo Switch, and we highlight a lot of the independent games there. Our strategic communications group gives them a lot of support. You know, things like PAX [Penny Arcade Expo]. We feature the indie content exclusively. And so they've been able to break through and to be noticed on our platform, maybe more effectively than on some other platforms. “We're Going To Continue To Build Out The Infrastructure” FC: When we did our Switch review, we said lots of nice things, but we also said that there are things it doesn't have yet, like the Virtual Console, and there's no entertainment beyond gaming. There's some online stuff it doesn't have yet, too. Is the experience going to get richer as time goes on? RFA: Absolutely. Let me address those in reverse order. We just did a network update that continues to give additional features. Now it's easier to transfer content from one Switch to another, and so we're going to continue to build out the infrastructure for the system just to make it easier and easier for our consumers to utilize. In terms of other entertainment, we were clear, at launch, that we wanted this to be a gaming device and to deliver on that proposition, but we also said that VOD [Video on Demand] services would come in due time. And they will. In terms of Virtual Console, we've said that with the launch of Nintendo Online and that service, that there will be executions on legacy content as part of that, and that's something that's going to launch next year. And so we'll detail that at the appropriate time.
advertisement
But we're aware of these criticisms and certainly, our focus is to continue making Nintendo Switch a product that people want to spend time on and can say, “This is a great innovation and something I'm proud to have.” FC: One other question about the Switch hardware. When I first used it, I was struck it felt grown-up for a Nintendo product. Was that at all intentional, catering to people who think of themselves as wanting high-end consumer electronics? RFA: What I would say is that, our designers really challenge themselves to make hardware that people are going to want. They're going want to show off. Clearly, what we've been able to do with Nintendo Switch has taken us to a new high bar. And it's not just the way it looks. It's the way it feels in the hands. It's the responsiveness of the operating system. FC: The user interface. RFA: The UI is exceptionally well done. For us, it really is a continuing maturation, a continuing growth of how we deliver stellar products, stellar content to our consumers. And the Switch is a new high-water mark for us. “There Is No Benefit In A Customer Being Disappointed” FC: Whenever we write about Nintendo, we hear from conspiracy theorists who think you're intentionally making your products hard to get. But I looked on Amazon this morning, and it looks like it's not that hard to get a Switch. I bought mine at a Target. Are you catching up with demand and will there be a point where it's a cakewalk to buy this device?
advertisement
RFA: We continue to increase production. We continue to make improvements in our supply chain. And that's something that we're committed to do. The piece that we don't control is the demand, and so I can't say with certainty that we will quote, unquote, “catch up” with demand. And we continue to encourage folks, especially for this holiday season, that if you want a Switch, when you see it, pick it up, because the demand continues to be exceptionally strong. But our focus is to make it so that you can walk into a retailer and buy any of our products. There is no benefit to a consumer being disappointed in not being able to buy our products when they want. FC: I know with the Super NES Classic you said you were working hard to make that go much more smoothly than the NES Classic. RFA: And it did. Again, on launch day you could buy it. I encourage consumers not to pay reseller prices, and they haven't. And so we're focused on making sure our products are readily available. It's good business. “All Of These Feed On Themselves” FC: And now that the Switch is out, how do your smartphone games fit into the larger Nintendo story? RFA: They continue to fit in exceptionally well. Our business strategies, our mission in life, is to make people smile. We are an entertainment company. We're about fun. We're about encouraging those types of positive moments in our consumers' lives. We do that fundamentally three different ways. We do it with our dedicated games business. We do that with our mobile business, and we do that through other forms of entertainment, whether that's merchandise licensing or whether that's a relationship with a company like Universal Studios. All of these feed on themselves.
advertisement
As an example, last year when Pokémon Go launched, we saw our Pokémon business on dedicated handhelds grow. When Super Mario Run launched, we saw our Mario business grow on our dedicated games business, as well as the licensed merchandise business. When Animal Crossing launches shortly, we fully expect the games to have a resurgence out in the marketplace. They all work together. Because fundamentally we believe that, on one hand, there are fans that love the IP [intellectual property] and they'll play it and engage with it however they can, but there are also consumers who have never engaged with an IP before, that this gives them a great opportunity to do it. The other piece we see is that it gives us exposure to markets that historically have not had dedicated Nintendo systems. Whether that's a market like Brazil, or South Korea, or China. And it's a great way for consumers to become engaged with our franchises. FC: When I heard the news about your partnership with Universal [for Super Mario World theme parks], I got all excited. I'm not sure how much you've actually disclosed yet about the details and what's happening. RFA: What we've said is that the first park will be in Osaka, Japan. That the park will open before 2020, which is when the Olympics are in Tokyo. The development process continues, and our senior most executives, like Mr. Miyamoto, are engaged in that process, and it's something that we're all very excited about and looking forward to. FC: And is it an active collaboration with the Universal folks? RFA: A very active collaboration. The Universal folks understand theme parks and theme park technology better than anyone else in the world. We understand our intellectual property. We understand what makes them fun better than anyone in the world, and that collaboration is what's making this special.
advertisement
“We've Got More Great Games Coming” FC: If you had a Switch … which I assume you do, actually… RFA: I have it upstairs. It's charging, getting ready for my flight home. FC: If you were just somebody who had gotten a Switch recently, what stuff should you be looking at over the next few months in terms of major things to be excited about? RFA: Well, look. If I'm a consumer who just purchased a Nintendo Switch, here's what I would do: I would absolutely buy The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. That game is going to be talked about 10 years from now, 20 years from now, as a defining point in this industry. It is compelling. It is a game that you'll play differently than your friends. I've talked about this with other Nintendo employees in terms of just how we approach that game. It is a masterpiece. I would buy Splatoon 2, our unique take on a first person experience. I would absolutely buy Super Mario Odyssey. All of the reviews are coming in, but it's actually possible that Super Mario Odyssey will be even more highly critically acclaimed than The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. I would absolutely buy a second dock to be able to hook my Nintendo Switch to a second TV in my household. And I would absolutely pick up a pro controller, because there are certain games like Splatoon, like The Legend of Zelda, that are best played with the pro controller. Right now our focus is on this holiday, so we really haven't talked about details of games coming next year, other than that we showed off a Yoshi experience; we showed off a Kirby experience. We'll be talking about 2018 after the holiday season is over. But the good news is we've got more great games coming, and we're going to work very hard to make Nintendo Switch a vibrant platform for many, many years.
Affluence shifted to vulnerability in master-planned fringe estates in the late 2000s. Credit:The Age Employment and government services remained concentrated in the historic city cores. The further one travelled to access cheaper land, the greater the transport trade-off in accessing employment and high quality services. After World War II, initiatives to improve housing quality for less affluent households facilitated a new suburban expansion that buoyed home ownership; from 52 per cent in 1947, to 72 per cent in 1970. The pace and scale stressed the abilities of suburban municipalities to provide local services. Employment was slow to grow and state governments were laggard in delivering public services there. By the 1990s, scholars were describing wide problems of "locational disadvantage", in which outer-suburban residents were remote from employment, education and other community services and endured long car-based journeys to access them.
In the economic recovery of the late-1990s and boom of the early-2000s, many households found prosperity and took up "McMansions", set among master-planned fringe estates, but the trade-off between cheaper housing and poorer accessibility persisted. Affluence shifted to vulnerability in the late-2000s, amid rising fuel and home-ownership costs and as the global financial crisis unsettled employment prospects. Over this time few state or federal governments have articulated a comprehensive vision of a more equitable, sustainable suburbanisation. Of course a hasty air-drop of urgent schemes for roads and facilities can always be arranged when an election looms, but policy attention soon fades after the polls close. The Abbott government has promised new "blueprints" for Australian cities, but its 2014-15 budget offers scant assurance of new infrastructure, except for road investment. Worse, this harsh unwieldy budget is likely to stress suburban households through increased charges for already poorly distributed government services, such as healthcare.
The most consistently applied urban policy in Australia over the past few decades has been "urban consolidation", which seeks to constrain expansion at the fringe and intensify new employment and housing in well-serviced areas. The Victorian government's Plan Melbourne forecasts that nearly 1.6 million dwellings will be required in this city by 2051 and two-thirds of them will be multi-unit dwellings. With greater detail to come in a future metropolitan housing map, the plan promises to focus on facilitating more new housing in areas with higher numbers of jobs and services. But for those who cannot afford to relocate, this new stock will likely provide little redress for existing locational disadvantage and underservicing. More active planning and investment is needed. However, state governments can be reluctant to deliver better suburban infrastructure and service because of the burden it would place on state finances. New financing tools could offer a solution. The great concentration of jobs and services within inner-urban areas is based on nearly 160 years of colonial and state government decision-making and capital investment. The 16 rail lines and 30 tram lines passing through Melbourne's CBD are just one example. The strong growth in CBD employment and housing implies a considerable benefit accrues to private parties from this extraordinary sunk capital, of which government receives at best a minor share.
This surplus may offer a taxation opportunity to redress outer-suburban underservicing in zones that have seen less historic state largesse. A "spatial accessibility tax", levied progressively on metropolitan properties and based on a relative composite measure of spatial access to employment, infrastructure and services, could offer a solution. Taxing the inner suburbs to help improve services in the outer could have two principal effects. First, it might fund new state investment in suburban servicing, particularly public transport. Second, it would raise the marginal cost of location in inner-suburban zones, offering greater incentive for businesses to locate in less valuable locations, such as outer-suburban activity centres and clusters. Such a scheme would target the economic rent received by businesses based on historical government infrastructure and service investment.
The tax would fall on those most able to bear it, while the fixed nature of landed assets means that it would be difficult to avoid. If spatial accessibility is too abstract a concept, then an expanded land or property tax regime might be a simpler substitute. The climate seems suited to innovative financing options – Victoria's new Metropolitan Planning Authority is to be funded from a planning applications levy which, given the distribution of new developments, will have a spatial dimension. And the Committee for Melbourne has advocated innovative schemes to capture land values for infrastructure delivery. New financing measures should be considered beyond the indecorous lolly scrambles of electoral cycles. Australia's outer suburbs have long occupied the fringe of national and state policy making, to their disadvantage. To reset this historical imbalance they need to be placed at the core of new policy, planning and service financing attention. Jago Dodson is Professor of Urban Policy in the School of Global Urban and Social Studies at RMIT University in Melbourne. This is an edited extract from his recent article in the Victorian Council of Social Service's Insight magazine - "On the fringes".
Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, announced Australia's participation in the US-led program to resettle Central American refugees from a Costa Rican camp after attending President Obama's leaders' summit on refugees in September.
Aside from a surprise in Costa Rica at his announcement, little attention has been given to the details of this new policy or about the camp itself. This is particularly notable now, with Turnbull's reiterated immigration policy not to settle any illegal maritime arrivals. Many of the central American refugees will have crossed their borders “illegally” via overland “coyotes”.
Though critics might concentrate on whether this announcement was Turnbull's price of entry to the summit or even speculate it is part of a long-executed agenda to woo power player America, it is important to unpack and understand what this new decision means tangibly for the migrants and us in Australia.
So, what do we know about the camp in Costa Rica? What is the US-led humanitarian migration program? What are they fleeing from? And after all, what does this mean for Australia?
The US-led humanitarian program in Costa Rica
People have been fleeing serious gang violence in the northern triangle of Central America (NTCA) – El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. Honduras, for example, is the second most dangerous country to live after Syria as gang members target young boys to recruit, destroy businesses and abuse girls and women. Honduras's murder rate is the highest in the world at 90.4 homicides per 100,000 in 2013, according to the UN Office of Drugs and Crime. The world's average is 6.2. Armed gang members are destroying local businesses. The police or law enforcement does not deliver criminal justice. No rule of law is in proper place. Highly corrupt governments fail to protect its citizens.
Gang violence is not strictly covered by the 1951 Refugee Convention. Migrants fleeing from gang violence fear their safety back home but they do not face “state” persecution. However, corrupt officials involved in violence can justify the failure to protect their citizens, therefore it is indirect state persecution by non-action. Critics in the US also said granting NTCA migrants a refugee status was a redefinition of a refugee. But the Obama administration acknowledged the urgency of this humanitarian crisis where innocent children were targeted by gang members.
Violence has detrimental long-term side effects. Poverty, economic stagnation, and malfunctioning public services, including hospitals and schools, are indirect consequences of the state failure to guarantee public safety and personal security.
Furthermore, severe droughts have worsened the conditions in Central America. Even worse, there was Hurricane Matthew in September 2016. The flows of humanitarian migrants fleeing from violence, poverty and natural disasters are likely to continue and grow. Women and children are particularly vulnerable. Unaccompanied minors and mothers with children have been crossing borders to the US and Mexico.
Early this year, the Obama administration announced it would work with the UNHCR and IOM to process refugees from Central America, on top of the in-country program opened in December 2015. At the regional level, the high-level roundtable among nine countries in North and Central Americas concluded a series of comprehensive recommendations in San José, to address the plight of people fleeing violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras (San Jose Action Statement).
In July, the government of Costa Rica entered into a Protection Transfer Arrangement (PTA) with the UNHCR and the IOM to receive applicants most in need of immediate protection after pre-screening by the US government in their countries of origin.
Costa Rica's refugees from the Northern Triangle of Central America
According to the UNHCR, there were 1,830 new applications registered in Costa Rica in 2015, which was a 60% increase from 2014. Among them, 890 were from the NTCA, a 127% increase from the previous year.
Most NTCA migrants are Christian. In Honduras, 47% are Roman Catholic and another 41% are Protestant. In El Salvador, 57% are Catholic and 21% are Protestant. In El Salvador, abortion is subject to jail terms even when pregnancy is caused by rape and the pregnant woman is underage. Same in Guatemala. 87% are Christian.
The PTA is an innovative emergency resettlement mechanism that can process up to 200 individuals at heightened risk. It has undergone its initial pilot phase. First beneficiaries come from El Salvador and are being relocated to the US. Discussions are under way with potential additional transit and destination countries. This includes Australia.
Concerns over integration and public health
The main reason Central American refugees want to go to the US is that it's the richest country in their region where they already have families and friends to rely on. They find jobs, schools, and survival tips through these social networks which is an important pull factor for migrants. For this reason, even Costa Rica is not easy for them to integrate successfully.
Australia may be an attractive place for Central American refugees, but it's far away from their countries of origin across the Pacific where they may not necessarily have the networks to support them. For refugees' smooth transition and successful integration, they need co-ethnic community and businesses to offer jobs for their self-reliance and successful integration. Governments alone can't support newly arriving migrants who may end up relying on government subsidies. They need community support and engagement.
Spread of Zika raises another serious concern for those travelling across Central America. Zika has been categorised as a pandemic disease by the World Health Organisation, which causes birth defects in babies born to mothers with the virus. Cases were reported in 20 countries in Central America, including the Northern Triangle. The prevalence of gang violence and the absence of proper public health systems in the region make it difficult for health professionals to reach patients and eradicate the disease. If the virus spreads further in the region, migration flows would increase.
What it means to Australia
When questioned by journalists at the September summit in New York,Turnbull denied that there was a “people swap” deal with the US taking refugees from Nauru and Manus Island. After two months, the government announced a new US deal to transfer some of the detainees from Nauru and Manus to the US. It's difficult not to think of it as a swap deal. Not a 1-1 refugee swap but a bundle swap. We still don't know what's in the bundle.
Now with Trump winning the election and implementing the deal (or no deal), the faith of refugees in both camps looks quite bleak. He may think it's not a fair deal to swap Muslim refugees from Nauru with Christian minors from Costa Rica. Turnbull is renegotiating with Malaysia, calling the Cambodia deal a success.
Instead of speculating unknown details of the Australian-US deal over vulnerable populations across the Pacific, however, we need to think about the consequences of this policy decision in the regional context.
What we do know is that, as of September 2016, they are 1,269 detainees, including 45 children, in Nauru and Papua New Guinea who are mostly genuine refugees. They won't be settled in Australia but will be sent to the US. The swap deal sounds like an ideologically-trapped solution to a very simple problem in a lengthy, expensive and complicated manner.
Every refugee counts – whether they are onshore, offshore or far away across the Pacific. For some, this new policy is a surprising opportunity. Unfortunately, for others, Australia will never be a welcoming new home, no matter how close they are already.
Symptoms of depression and dementia among HIV patients could be attributed to the viruses ability to kill off neurons in the brain, according to a small study from Georgetown University Medical Center. The research, led by Italo Mocchetti, PhD, was recently published (subscription required) in The Journal of Neuroscience.
Mocchetti found that the virus destroys neurons by attacking their source of protein growth, known as mature brain-derived neurotrophic factor (mature BDNF). PsychCentral explains:
Their scientific break came when they were able to study the blood of 130 women who were enrolled in the 17-year-old, nationwide Women's Interagency HIV Study. In one discovery, Mocchetti and colleagues found that when there was less BDNF in the blood, patients were at risk of developing brain abnormalities. “The link between depression and lack of mature BDNF is also known, as is the link to issues of learning and memory,” he said. “That's why I say HIV-associated dementia resembles the aging brain.” Loss of mature BDNF has also been suggested to be a risk factor in chronic diseases such as Parkinson's and Huntington's diseases, Mocchetti says.
Researchers say the findings could lead to the development of new therapeutic interventions, which may also be useful in treating patients suffering from other brain ailments that appear to develop in the same way such as the elderly.
Previously: Looking at the HIV/AIDS epidemic's effect on black Americans and The 'ethical odyssey' of an HIV trial
Photo by Sander van der Wel
Since today was the first day after Spring Break, I decided to devote much of my class on the Bible to an activity that didn't require one to have done the assigned reading (I'm a realist). And so, given the plan of a campus ministry to bring someone from Answers in Genesis to campus, I thought we could do some fact-checking of their claims.
I mentioned two of the countless pieces of evidence regarding the age of the earth and evolution which I consider important, inasmuch as they expose the theological problems with young-earth creationism, in addition to the scientific ones.
The first is chalk beds, of which the famous White Cliffs of Dover are one example:
Chalk is formed as microscopic organisms die, settle on the sea bed, and are compressed over time. Within young-earth creationism, the only way for these huge chalk beds to exist is for the Creator to have brought billions of microorganisms into existence, killed them, and compressed them in order to form chalk that looked like it was evidence of an old Earth. According to the young-earth creationists, this same Creator then holds it against people when they believe the Creator would have been honest and thus the evidence of creation is trustworthy.
When it comes to evolution, a key piece of evidence is human chromosome 2:
We have one less pair of chromosomes than other primates, and we have a chromosome which matches up almost entirely with two chromosomes that chimpanzees have, and ours has telomeres, which are found at the end of chromosomes, in the middle. This should be clear evidence of common ancestry and of a chromosomal fusion event in our past. For young-earth creationists, this too must be explained in terms of a Creator who made our genetic material look like we share common ancestry with other primates. And once again, this Creator apparently despises those who think that creation testifies accurately about the creation process and thus about the Creator.
As geologist Steven M. Smith writes, it is a false dilemma that suggests you must choose between Christianity and science.
But it does seem that one has to choose between young-earth creationism and a God who is honest and loving. Contrary to what young-earth creationists claim, they are not defending the God of the Bible, nor the Bible itself. They are sacrificing the Biblical idea of a God who is compassionate and trustworthy, and setting up a God who is as dishonest as they are.
Christians should not be deceived by these charlatans. They are not defending the Christian faith, they are undermining it.
Let me conclude with a wonderful video by Ken Miller which I have shared before, about human chromosome 2 as evidence for evolution:
Dizzee Rascal Picture: Getty Images)
Just a day after Wiley revealed it was his fault that Dizzee Rascal was stabbed in 2002, Dizzee has hit back, claiming Wiley is just trying to create hype for his new projects.
‘I understand people need to create hype for their events but they need to be a bit more careful about what they write,' tweeted Dizzee on Wednesday morning.
‘I don't Blame Wiley for me being stabbed and this whole thing is to promote Culture Clash and that's fine good luck.'
I understand people need to create hype for their events but they need to be a bit more careful about what they write. — Dizzee Rascal (@DizzeeRascal) June 15, 2016
I don't Blame Wiley for me being stabbed and this whole thing is to promote Culture Clash and that's fine good luck. — Dizzee Rascal (@DizzeeRascal) June 15, 2016
But he was quick to add that he was ‘tired' of the truth being changed to fit other people's narratives, and concluded that he just wanted to be left alone to be a ‘pop star'.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Wiley is performing at the Red Bull Culture Clash this weekend, and told Time Out magazine that he was to blame for Dizzee's stabbing on the isle of Ayia Napa in 2002 because he went looking for another fight the morning after their crew got in to it with some locals.
I'm tired of people trying to manipulate the truth. All I know is nobody wants any violence in 2016 so just let me be a "Pop star". — Dizzee Rascal (@DizzeeRascal) June 15, 2016
‘Well, after we started it up again, those guys came looking for us,' said Wiley.
‘But the person they found was Dizzee. The thing we're done the next morning led them to go looking for us, but see him and stab him.'
Dizzee Rascal with Wiley in Bethnal Green, London, August 2002 (Picture: David Tonge/Getty Images)
The pair were both part of the Roll Deep Crew who spearheaded grime music across London in the early 2000s. They parted ways after the holiday and instead took to their music to share their grief and gripes.
Wiley's full explanation Okay, basically, me and Dizzee went out one night [in Ayia Napa] and there was some fighting with another crew – I won't say who, but basically everyone knows. Then the next day, I decided to carry it on – I didn't pull out a knife. I was just fighting. Me and another guy went looking for them again. Dizzee just rode off, because in his head, he's probably thinking: ‘What the f**k are you doing? That was last night! It's just gonna carry on!' Well, after we started it up again, those guys came looking for us. But the person they found was Dizzee. The thing we're done the next morning led them to go looking for us, but see him and stab him.
MORE: Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics: Dizzee Rascal and Wiley set to play key role as Lizzy Yarnold goes for skeleton gold
Verizon is currently running a 50% off deal for the Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL that isn't horrible depending on your situation.
It's one of those semi-sneaky deals where you have to trade in the proper phone to get the full 50% off, plus they then spread the 50% off discount out over 24 months to keep you locked to their network for the next couple of years. It's a garbage move for the most part that almost all carriers are doing these days as a replacement to the 2-year service contract you used to sign. Now, they are doing everything in their power to get you to sign the 2-year device payment contract. With that said, if you really do plan to kick it with Big Red for the long haul then this deal isn't all that bad.
And I say that because the list of phones eligible for the 50% off is pretty solid. You can see the full list below, but we're talking about phones like the original Moto Z Force, Galaxy S7, and iPhone 6s all getting you 50% off the new Pixel 2 or Pixel 2 XL. Those phones are all approaching old-as-hell status. You can even trade-in your last year's Pixel or Pixel XL too and get the full 50% off.
If you don't have one of those phones, they are still offering 35% and 25% off deals for even older phones that you may have lying around in a drawer at this point. I'd imagine a few of you have a Galaxy S6 or HTC 10 or iPhone 6 you'd be willing to part with that no one in your household is using.
Alright, so to get the full 50% off, you understand that you need to trade in an eligible phone. Alongside that portion of the deal, Verizon will make you sign a 2-year device payment plan (a 2-year contract) for whichever Pixel 2 or Pixel 2 XL you buy. They'll then apply a credit to your bill, spread out over 24 months for 50% of the phone you chose. So if you buy the Pixel 2 XL with 128GB storage at $949.99 and trade-in a Galaxy S7, Verizon will spread out a $474.99 credit over 24 months. In other words, they aren't just going to slap a $475 credit to your bill in a month, they'll instead slowly reimburse you.
Still, this is currently the best Verizon Pixel 2 XL deal I'm seeing. It's also looking like 🐧 Penguin 2 XL is fully stocked and ready to ship.
Verizon Links:
A collect call in Canada and the United States, known as a reverse charge call in other parts of the English-speaking world, is a telephone call in which the calling party wants to place a call at the called party's expense. In the past, collect calls were only possible as an operator-assisted call, but with the introduction of computer-based telephone dialing equipment, it is now possible to place a collect call without using an operator, which is called[where?] automated operator services (AOS) as opposed to Home Country Direct (HCD). (Automated reverse charge dialing eliminates a service that could be provided, at a higher fee, only on operator-assisted connections: the person-to-person call, in which there is no charge unless a designated person is available.) Several companies will place collect calls, in competition with local service providers. Collect calls can be made from almost any public pay telephone in the world by following directions posted on or near the phone.[citation needed] Collect calling has been in constant decline since the advent of cellular phones, VOIP products, and Skype, which have brought greatly reduced or free domestic long distance and international calls.
While Mother's Day has the highest number of phone calls, the most collect calls are made on Father's Day.[1][2][3][4]
Other forms of paid communication, such as telegrams and mail, could also be sent as "collect".
Mobile collect calls [ edit ]
Mobile collect call solutions allow prepaid and postpaid end-users to easily make mobile collect calls on their home network or while roaming, even when they have run out of credit. The caller can request either complete or partial reversed charging.
Key players [ edit ]
Statewide Indirect Cost Allocation Plan (SICAP)
Services [ edit ]
Australia [ edit ]
Several companies provide reverse call services in Australia, including 1800MUMDAD 1800686323, 1800Reverse and 1800PhoneHome. 12550 is an alternative Reverse charge call service available from Telstra Pay Telephones and Telstra Prepaid mobiles. However, in the case of prepaid phones, it is accessible only where there is sufficient credit to call 12550.
Telstra ran a reverse charge service called HomeLink during the 1990s and 2000s. Homelink consisted of a 1800 number and pin that could only be linked to the user's home phone service. Calls were billed at a slightly higher cost than a standard local call. HomeLink grew out of popularity with the rise in mobile phones.
Brazil [ edit ]
In Brazil, reverse calls are available for every land or mobile line call. All local reverse calls must be started by dialing 9090 and the desired phone number. If the user is not in the same zone as the recipient the calls must be started by dialing 90 + carrier code + area code + the desired phone number.[5]
India [ edit ]
Unfortunately in India, there isn't a simple way to call a 1-800 number in the USA or make a simple collect call for free. Recently, a private tech company has launched services to enable a person to make overseas call under the ''collect call"[6]. However there is a way and it is free. AT&T provides a number to make collect calls from India (to the USA). The number is 000-117, to make use of collect calling from India to US[7]. Have ready the name, telephone number, area code and country of the person you wish to call. Pick up the phone in whatever country you're in, wait for the dial tone and dial "0170." Give the international operator the name, country and number of the person that you wish to call, and you will be connected.[8]
Spain [ edit ]
Similar service in Spain (900-REVERTIDO) is also planned.[9]
Pakistan [ edit ]
A collect call can be made through any mobile in Pakistan by dialing a prefix of 11 before entering in the desired number.
Republic of Ireland [ edit ]
A collect call service operates under 800 Reverse (operated by Reverse Corp Ltd),[10] in the Republic of Ireland. It offers reverse charge calls from any fixed line phone, pay phone and most mobile phones (even if the prepaid credit has run out), to most fixed land line and mobile phones in the Republic of Ireland.[11] The company charges 2.99 euros to connect the call, including the first 60 seconds of the call and 0.593 euros for every subsequent minute.
Eircom offered national and international reverse charge calling services until 24 February 2009.[12] Prior to the cessation of services, national reverse charge service could be obtained by dialing the operator on 10 or, from payphones via 1 800 28 28 28 and international reverse charge services could be reached via the international operator on 114 or 1800 457 457 from payphones.
United Kingdom [ edit ]
In the UK, a number of services offer reverse charge calling. A caller can dial the operator on 100 and ask for a reverse charge call,[13] or alternatively dial an automated service such as 08000MUMDAD 08000686323, MUMDAD 686323 or 0800REVERSE 08007383773. Reverse charge calls can be made for free on some mobile networks, although the person being contacted via this service may be charged a considerable amount for accepting such a call.
United States and Canada [ edit ]
It is generally possible to make a collect call from a landline by dialing "0" and following automated prompts or using operator assistance. The receiving party must agree to the charges (usually after being informed of the name of the caller) before the call can continue normally. In general, customers can configure their landline or cell phone account to block attempted collect calls. Because the name of the caller is given before charges are accepted, it is possible to communicate a simple message for free by giving an agreed-upon name or simply using the call to synchronize an action (e.g. indicating it is time to meet). This is, however, considered toll fraud and can be prosecuted, although in most cases it is probably unlikely the person could be caught.
AT&T no longer operates a collect call service for the United States. Competitors include 1-800-COLLECT, which does serve VoIP receivers.[14]
Verizon terminated the ability to receive collect calls on its landlines in 2016.[15]
Prior to the introduction of the toll-free 800 area code in 1967, Zenith numbers in the U.S. and Canada, and Enterprise numbers in the U.S. only, indicated to an operator that the business agreed to automatically accept collect calls to that number. In the United Kingdom, Freefone numbers provided this service.
International [ edit ]
1800 Reverse[16] is an international reverse charge service. It allows international reverse charge calls to be made back to fixed land lines in the United Kingdom. It is accessed by dialing the relevant international call prefix, followed by the number 800 REVERSE (i.e. 800 7383773).[17]
References [ edit ]
CHARLOTTE – Tiger Woods and scores of spectators went searching for his golf ball deep into the woods to the left of the fifth green Friday in the second round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
The "TW" stamped Nike ball was never found.
And Woods is still searching — for his game.
Two spectators told rules officials they saw the ball land in an open area and bounce. Spectators said about 10 people quickly went to stand by the ball. But the ball had disappeared. Woods was given a penalty-free drop in the general area rules officials determined the ball would have been — before it vanished.
The former world No. 1 missed just the eighth cut in his 267th start on the PGA Tour as a professional after firing rounds of 71-73 at Quail Hollow Club, where he won this championship in 2007. It is the first time in his career that he failed to make it past 36 holes on the same venue twice, as Woods missed the cut here in 2010.
Woods missed the cut by one shot.
With scoring conditions ripe — the course was a tad soft, there were overcast skies and little wind — Woods could muster only two birdies. Meanwhile, Nick Watney grabbed the clubhouse lead with a second-round 64, taking him to 12 under.
The tone for Woods was set on his first hole — the par-5 10th. Woods was just off the green after two solid shots, but then took three whacks with his putter to make par. He drove into the trees on No. 12 for bogey, three-putted for bogey at No. 13, and failed to get up-and-down from just short of the 18th green for another bogey.
Woods, who snapped a two-year drought on the PGA Tour by winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational earlier this year, was coming off a tie for 40th in the Masters three weeks ago. He has gone eight rounds without breaking 70.
"The entire week I didn't play the par-5s well," said Woods, who made just two birdies on the four par-5 holes this week. "Today I made four pars. You just can't do that, especially when all of them are reachable with irons. I didn't take care of the par-5s, missed a couple other little short ones for birdie, and consequently got no momentum during the round.
"I'm not playing the weekend where I have a chance to compete for a title. I've missed my share of cuts in the past, and they don't feel good. This is one of my favorite Tour stops, and unfortunately I'm just not going to be around for the last two days."
Woods, who will make his next start week in The Players, will have two extra days to figure out his swing. Woods said he's stuck between his old swings and his new one he's working on with Sean Foley, reverting back to old habits. Consequently, he's not comfortable with his posture.
"It all has to do with my setup," Woods said. "If I get over the golf ball and I feel uncomfortable, I hit it great. It's just that I get out there and I want to get comfortable, and I follow my old stuff, and I hit it awful. All the shots I got uncomfortable on, I just said, 'I'm going to get really uncomfortable and make it feel as bad as it possibly could feel,' and I striped it. I know what I need to do, it's just I need more reps doing it.
"We've changed a bunch of different things, and every now and again I fall into the same old stuff. That doesn't work — a combo platter of old and new. It takes time to get rid of old patterns. It takes hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of golf balls, but eventually it comes around.
"I've had my share of successes, and I know it's coming."
Woods' playing partners wouldn't be surprised if Woods turned his game around in the near future.
"I think he's actually getting there. I know that sounds ridiculous because he used to look horrible and win tournaments but I think he's hitting a lot of good shots," Geoff Ogilvy said. "I think he's doing a lot of good stuff.
"But he has to putt better."
Webb Simpson, who is just one shot out of Watney's lead with the afternoon wave still on the course, agreed.
"He just couldn't quite ever get it going," Simpson said. "I've only played with him a few times, so I don't know his game that well. But you know, he hit a lot of good shots, and I think it wouldn't surprise me at all if he's playing next week really well."
Although his round wasn't full of red numbers, it wasn't without incident. Thinking he needed to get to 2-under par (and 3 under just to be safe, he said), Woods went to the par-5 fifth (his 14th hole of the day) knowing he needed to go low — and quickly. After a solid drive of just more than 300 yards, Woods had 261 left to the green.
That's when bizarre entered the golf course. Woods hooked his second shot into the Woods. After a long search, the ball was never found.
Based on evidence supplied by spectators and seeing the area — which was flat and free of bushes and deep mounds of pine needles — rules official Mark Russell determined a fan pick up the ball. Instead of going back to the fairway to hit his fourth shot, Woods was given relief, dropped a new ball, and then chipped the ball onto the green and two-putted for a par.
Russell could not recall another incident in which he gave a player a free drop because he determined someone had taken the ball.
"Very unusual situation. I was just operating on the evidence that we had and the area that we were in," Russell told assembled reporters in the media center. "If we were in a situation over there where there were a lot of bushes where the ball could easily be lost, it would be a totally different situation. It's like it being lost on this floor right here."
Woods was equally surprised the ball was gone.
"A gentleman saw the ball land and roll, and another gentleman verified he saw the same thing," Woods said. "There were about five or six people that ran over to the ball, and the next thing you know we get down there and there are hundreds of people and no ball. You saw an area there, there's really nothing there. We looked around for a while, and then Mark came over there and analyzed the situation and what was going on. We gave him all the information. The two gentlemen participated in the conversation, and we dropped it as close as we could to where they thought it was picked up.
"So that was it."
Tom Perriello, a Democrat from Virgina, was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 2009 to 2011 and served as a special U.S. envoy to the African Great Lakes from 2015 to 2016. He is head of a Democratic political action committee in Virginia.
Virginia is the birthplace of American democracy, but it is also the birthplace of American slavery. We often hear our history described as steady progress toward equality, but in reality, each generation that has pushed for progress has faced violence from those who seek to preserve a system of racial hierarchy.
In the 19th century, emancipation and Reconstruction sparked lynchings and the Ku Klux Klan. In the early 20th, the emergence of a black middle class and an influx of immigration sparked Lost Cause Confederate revisionism, eugenics-based immigration quotas and the firing of African Americans from the federal workforce. In our own time, the election of our first black president unleashed a wave of white supremacism, including in my home town of Charlottesville, where armed protesters whom I interviewed last month described former president Barack Obama as a "national embarrassment" that they needed to "cleanse."
It is time we break this cycle. Virginia should establish a statewide Truth and Reconciliation Commission on race that could bend this endless loop of progress and backlash into an arc of justice.
Such commissions are not just conversations. They are systematic, nonpartisan public processes for establishing a common understanding of our history, evaluating how we publicly memorialize that history and tackling policy reforms that address the painful legacies of our past. Successful commissions spend a few years convening leading historians, community and moral leaders, former elected officials, and artists. They work across deep fault lines of conflicting narratives to establish common ground and common facts.
Many great nations — including Germany, Argentina, South Africa and Canada — have used similar strategies to forge a path forward after periods of violence, division and repression. Initiatives here in the United States have proved promising as well, including the Greensboro process in 2000 to review a 1979 attack in which members of the KKK killed five people in broad daylight and walked free.
Civil rights lawyer Bryan Stevenson has been building the South's first memorial to lynching as a teachable, interactive engagement with our past, and several localities in Virginia have launched Hope in the Cities initiatives. This year, after neo-Nazis held their first tiki-torch rally at the Robert E. Lee monument in Charlottesville, I issued a call for a comprehensive Virginia commission on race as part of my campaign for the Democratic nomination for governor, understanding from my past work on transitional justice abroad that hate left unchecked tends to escalate.
Much attention has been paid to the question of monuments, and these are often a component of such commissions. How we decide to commemorate and celebrate our history — and who gets a voice in the decision — speaks volumes about our present and our future. While I support the removal of most Confederate monuments, the process by which these decisions are made is as important as the outcome. The highly charged debate cannot be avoided; the question is whether this discussion should be done through a shared, historically grounded process or as isolated (and often reactionary) proxy battles in the public parks and streets of our cities.
But successful reconciliation looks well beyond monuments to the inequalities and cultural divides produced by history, including statutes on housing, education and criminal codes. It must not just be top-down but also provide a space for painful memories to be aired.
We saw a glimpse of how this process can help — and what its absence risks — in the first City Council meeting in Charlottesville after the violence. The meeting was messy and chaotic, but far less so than when we provide no such forum. Those who suffered at the hands of the forces of hate and breakdowns in protections from state authorities needed a forum to have their stories heard and to demand accountability. Reconciliation is not easy or pain-free, but it does provide an outlet for healing.
Virginia's history is full of contradictions. We hosted the capital of the Confederacy, but we were also the first state to elect an African American governor. We produced the Declaration of Independence but also shuttered public schools before allowing integration. The modern Klan rallied in Charlottesville with local support, but I was proud to the point of tears to see them massively outnumbered by Virginians of all races, faiths, generations and orientations standing up for racial justice and an inclusive commonwealth.
From tragedy, Virginia can lead again. We can heal through a statewide process that brings gravitas, methodology and inclusion to some of the most difficult questions our society must answer. These are the questions about who we are as Americans, how we got here and where we go from here. And they are about whether every American has a voice in crafting the answer.
What happened with the Internet in 2008?
How many websites were added? How many emails were sent? How many blog posts were published? This post will answer those questions and many others with more interesting statistics than you can shake a stick at. 🙂
We have used a wide variety of sources from around the Web. A full list of source references is available at the bottom of the post for those interested. In some of the cases we here at Pingdom also did some additional calculations to get even more numbers to play around with.
Also check out our Internet 2012 in numbers article!
Email
1.3 billion – The number of email users worldwide.
– The number of email users worldwide. 210 billion – The number of emails sent per day in 2008.
– The number of emails sent per day in 2008. 70% – The percentage of emails that are spam.
– The percentage of emails that are spam. 53.8 trillion – The number of spam emails sent in 2008 (assuming 70% are spam).
Websites
186,727,854 – The number of websites on the Internet in December 2008.
– The number of websites on the Internet in December 2008. 31.5 million – The number of websites added during 2008.
Web servers
24.4% – The growth of Apache websites in 2008.
– The growth of Apache websites in 2008. 13.7% – The growth of IIS websites in 2008.
– The growth of IIS websites in 2008. 22.2% – The growth of Google GFE websites in 2008.
– The growth of Google GFE websites in 2008. 336.8% – The growth of Nginx websites in 2008.
– The growth of Nginx websites in 2008. 100.3% – The growth of Lighttpd websites in 2008.
Domain names
77.5 million – .COM domain names at the end of 2008.
– .COM domain names at the end of 2008. 11.8 million – .NET domain names at the end of 2008.
– .NET domain names at the end of 2008. 7.2 million – .ORG domain names at the end of 2008.
– .ORG domain names at the end of 2008. 174 million – The number of domain names across all top-level domains.
– The number of domain names across all top-level domains. 19% – The increase in the number of domain names in 2008.
Internet users
1,463,632,361 – The number of Internet users worldwide (June 2008).
578,538,257 – Internet users in Asia.
– Internet users in Asia. 384,633,765 – Internet users in Europe.
– Internet users in Europe. 248,241,969 – Internet users in North America.
– Internet users in North America. 139,009,209 – Internet users in Latin America/Caribbean.
– Internet users in Latin America/Caribbean. 51,065,630 – Internet users in Africa.
– Internet users in Africa. 41,939,200 – Internet users in the Middle East.
– Internet users in the Middle East. 20,204,331 – Internet users in Oceania/Australia.
Blogs
133 million – The number of blogs on the Internet (as tracked by Technorati).
– The number of blogs on the Internet (as tracked by Technorati). 900,000 – The number of new blog posts in a day.
– The number of new blog posts in a day. 329 million – The number of blog posts in 2008.
Images
10 billion – Photos hosted by Facebook (October 2008).
– Photos hosted by Facebook (October 2008). 3 billion – Photos hosted by Flickr (November 2008).
– Photos hosted by Flickr (November 2008). 6.2 billion – Photos hosted by Photobucket (October 2008).
Videos
12.7 billion – The number of online videos watched by American Internet users in a month (November 2008).
– The number of online videos watched by American Internet users in a month (November 2008). 87 – The number of online videos viewed per month per Internet user in the USA.
– The number of online videos viewed per month per Internet user in the USA. 34% – The increase in viewing of online video in the USA compared to 2007.
– The increase in viewing of online video in the USA compared to 2007. 3.1 – The number of minutes of an average online video.
Web browsers
Malicious software
1 million – The number of computer viruses in April 2008.
– The number of computer viruses in April 2008. 468% – The increase in malicious code compared to 2007.
Data sources: Website and web server stats from Netcraft. Domain name stats from Verisign and Webhosting.info. Internet user stats from Internet World Stats. Web browser stats from Net Applications. Blog stats from Technorati. Email stats from Radicati Group via About.com. Spam stats from DCC. Virus stats from Symantec via Times Online. Online video stats from Comscore. Photo stats from CNET and Flickr.
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, (MRSA) a nasty strain of bacteria that resists most antibiotics, probably developed its defenses while spending time down on the farm, a new study says. It has been thought that humans' antibiotic abuse is the catalyst in superbug genesis, but this new research suggests it's the animals, and the drugs we feed them, that we should worry about.
A new paper in the journal mBio, published by the American Society for Microbiology, describes how a human strain of MRSA started out as a drug-defeatable bug and then transferred into the pig population, where it developed resistance to two common forms of antibiotics. Then the newly potent antibiotic-resistant staph jumped back into humans. Researchers traced its evolutionary history by examining 89 genomes from humans, turkeys, chickens and pigs from 19 countries.
"[It's] like watching the birth of a superbug," Lance Price, director of the Center for Food Microbiology and Environmental Health at the Translational Genomics Research Institute (TGen) in Flagstaff, Ariz., said in a statement.
The CC398 strain of MRSA first appeared in 2003, and is found in pigs, cattle and poultry in the United States, researchers said. It's in nearly half of all meat in the U.S. food supply, according to the American Society for Microbiology. Most of the time, you can kill it by cooking your food thoroughly. (At least one other staph strain previously jumped from humans into chickens, and humans can also pass it on to their pets.)
Livestock are commonly fed a cocktail of pro-growth hormones, antibiotics and other pharmaceuticals to help them grow faster and prevent infection in the crowded spaces where they spend their lives. Among several concerns, opponents of this practice say profligate antibiotic use can force microbes to mutate and become more dangerous. This is apparently what happened with CC398.
"The most powerful force in evolution is selection. And in this case, humans have supplied a strong force through the excessive use of antibiotic drugs in farm animal production," said Paul Keim, a co-author on the study and director of Northern Arizona University's Center for Microbial Genetics and Genomics. "It is that inappropriate use of antibiotics that is now coming back to haunt us."
So what's next? Developing new antibiotics that can fight harder or with different methods. A separate study in the Journal of the American Chemical Society discusses a new way to do this.
It's difficult to test lots of hard-to-culture microbes harvested from soil in the hopes of finding new antibacterial agents to exploit. Instead, Sean Brady and colleagues removed DNA snippets from some soil bacteria that would not grow in lab cultures, and inserted it into bacteria that do grow in culture. The lab-friendly bacteria served as incubators for this foreign DNA, enabling Brady and colleagues to study various substances the bacteria made. This metagenomics method led to two new antibacterial compounds, called fasamycin A and fasamycin B. And guess what they killed: MRSA.
Their method could be a new way to find natural antibiotics that have not been accessible before, the researchers say. They could conceivably be used to fight new strains of MRSA, like CC398, and any other drug-resistant mutants that may jump from animals to humans. Until the microbes evolve to resist them, too.
The American Family Association is displeased that not everyone is taking the “War on Christmas” seriously. The group, which issues “Naughty-and-Nice” lists to put pressure on companies to include the words “Merry Christmas” in their advertising, claims in this month's AFA Journal that whoever doesn't believe that the U.S. is witnessing an anti-Christmas onslaught is actually…waging war on Christmas.
The AFA directed much of its anger towards Christians who have criticized or mocked the AFA's “War on Christmas” campaign by pointing out the campaign's absurd arguments about religious persecution and its focus on commercial activity as the most important part of the holiday. But the AFA wants you to know that if you don't agree with them, you are probably an anti-Christmas belligerent, even if you don't know it.
Crossposted from the Global Intellectual Property Center
Last year, we tackled one of the lesser-known liabilities of counterfeiting and piracy- lost tax revenue. While a lot has happened in the last 365 days that may be affecting your taxes (Obamacare, anyone?), unfortunately the problem still remains pervasive, making education and enforcement against these economic crimes all the more important. Here we have a little reminder of how the bad guys behind fake purses, pirated software, and counterfeit pills are sticking it to the American people:
While most of us begrudgingly stood in line at the post office yesterday to send in our checks to Uncle Sam, there are others who, well, did not. And it's not because they couldn't. Some of these tax-adverse “entrepreneurs” raked in anywhere from $120,000 to $10 million, and even $100 million through illicit counterfeiting and piracy operations.
That fake handbag or pirated song takes so much more than just from the creator's bottom line. It takes from local, state, and federal tax revenue, which in turn undercuts school programs, public safety systems, or transportation projects, leaving main street businesses and consumers like you and I to pick up the tab.
In fact, it's estimated that counterfeiting and piracy deprive the global economy of more than $650 billion in revenue, a number expected to skyrocket each year. In 2010, the U.S. Government and Accountability Office studied the effects of this shadow market and found that in addition to posing risks to consumer health, industry viability, and economic competitiveness, intellectual property (IP) theft also hacks away at government resources in more than one way:
“Many of the experts we interviewed identified lost tax revenue as an effect of counterfeiting and piracy on governments. IP owners or producers of legitimate goods who lose revenue because of competition from counterfeiters pay less in taxes. The U.S. government also incurs costs due to IP protection and enforcement efforts. Researchers have found anecdotal evidence that organized criminal and terrorist organizations are involved in counterfeiting and piracy. A 2009 RAND Corporation study, for example, presented case studies showing the involvement of organized crime or terrorist groups involved in film piracy to generate funding for their activities. Because criminal networks are involved, government law enforcement priorities may be affected since more resources are devoted to combating these networks.”
While legitimate, law-abiding innovators are providing healthcare and wages for employees and are paying their dues every April 15th, IP thieves are blatantly ignoring all civic and corporate responsibilities; all the while forcing an even greater amount of government resources to be spent in enforcement.
There's no doubt that IP crimes are a scourge on our economy, but it's important to consider the many precipitating consequences of their activities, with government funding as a less obvious but nonetheless important example.
The products may be fake, but the outrage should be real.
Later this month, we'll be highlighting the IP enforcement agencies that are at the forefront of bringing to justice those who are skirting laws for personal gain. Please join us in person or by telecast for the 2014 IP Champions Conference. Information and registration can be found at www.theglobalipcenter.com/IPChampions.
By NICK PISA
Last updated at 16:34 29 December 2007
The Pope has ordered his bishops to set up exorcism squads to tackle the rise of Satanism.
Vatican chiefs are concerned at what they see as an increased interest in the occult.
They have introduced courses for priests to combat what they call the most extreme form of "Godlessness."
Each bishop is to be told to have in his diocese a number of priests trained to fight demonic possession.
The initiative was revealed by 82-year-old Father Gabriele Amorth, the Vatican "exorcistinchief," to the online Catholic news service Petrus.
"Thanks be to God, we have a Pope who has decided to fight the Devil head-on," he said.
"Too many bishops are not taking this seriously and are not delegating their priests in the fight against the Devil. You have to hunt high and low for a properly trained exorcist.
"Thankfully, Benedict XVI believes in the existence and danger of evil - going back to the time he was in charge of the
Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith."
The CDF is the oldest Vatican department and was headed by Benedict from 1982, when he was Cardinal Ratzinger, until he became Pope in 2005.
Father Amorth said that during his time at the department Benedict had not lost the chance to warn humanity of the risk from the Devil.
He said the Pope wants to restore a prayer seen as protection against evil that was traditionally recited at the end of Catholic Masses. The prayer, to St Michael the Archangel, was dropped in the 1960s by Pope John XXIII.
Scroll down for more...
"The prayer is useful not only for priests but also for lay people in helping to fight demons," he said.
Father Paolo Scarafoni, who lectures on the Vatican's exorcism course, said interest in Satanism and the occult has grown as people lost faith with the church.
He added: "People suffer and think that turning to the Devil can help solve their problems. We are being bombarded by requests for exorcisms."
The Vatican is particularly concerned that young people are being exposed to the influence of Satanic sects through rock music and the Internet.
In theory, under the Catholic Church's Canon Law 1172, all priests can perform exorcisms. But in reality only a select few are assigned the task.
Under the law, practitioners must have "piety, knowledge, prudence, and integrity of life."
The rite of exorcism involves a series of gestures and prayers to invoke the power of God and stop the "demon" influencing its victim.
CLOSE After a Wisconsin firm embedded microchips in its employees, social media wants to know--is my company next? Jefferson Graham has the answer, on #TalkingTech.
A microchip is shown compared with a dime Tuesday, Aug. 1, 2017, at Three Square Market in River Falls, Wis., (Photo11: Jeff Baenen, AP)
LOS ANGELES — You will get chipped. It's just a matter of time.
In the aftermath of a Wisconsin firm embedding microchips in employees last week to ditch company badges and corporate logons, the Internet has entered into full-throated debate.
Religious activists are so appalled, they've been penning nasty 1-star reviews of the company, Three Square Market, on Google, Glassdoor and social media.
On the flip side, seemingly everyone else wants to know: Is this what real life is going to be like soon at work? Will I be chipped?
“It will happen to everybody,” says Noelle Chesley, 49, associate professor of sociology at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. “But not this year, and not in 2018. Maybe not my generation, but certainly that of my kids.”
Gene Munster, an investor and analyst at Loup Ventures, is an advocate for augmented reality, virtual reality and other new technologies. He thinks embedded chips in human bodies is 50 years away. “In 10 years, Facebook, Google, Apple and Tesla will not have their employees chipped,” he says. “You'll see some extreme forward-looking tech people adopting it, but not large companies.”
The idea of being chipped has too “much negative connotation” today, but by 2067 “we will have been desensitized by the social stigma,” Munster says.
For now, Three Square Market, or 32M, hasn't offered concrete benefits for getting chipped beyond badge and log-on stats. Munster says it was a “PR stunt” for the company to get attention to its product and it certainly succeeded, getting the small start-up air play on CBS, NBC and ABC, and generating headlines worldwide. The company, which sells corporate cafeteria kiosks designed to replace vending machines, would like the kiosks to handle cashless transactions.
This would go beyond paying with your smartphone. Instead, chipped customers would simply wave their hands in lieu of Apple Pay and other mobile-payment systems.
The benefits don't stop there. In the future, consumers could zip through airport scanners sans passport or drivers license; open doors; start cars; and operate home automation systems. All of it, if the technology pans out, with the simple wave of a hand.
Not a GPS tracker
The embedded chip is not a GPS tracker, which is what many critics initially feared. However, analysts believe future chips will track our every move.
For example, pets for years have been embedded with chips to store their name and owner contact. Indeed, 32M isn't the first company to embed chips in employees. In 2001, Applied Digital Solutions installed the “VeriChip” to access medical records but the company eventually changed hands and stopped selling the chip in 2010.
In Sweden, BioHax says nearly 3,000 customers have had its chip embedded to do many things, including ride the national rail system without having to show the conductor a ticket.
In the U.S., Dangerous Things, a Seattle-based firm, says it has sold “tens of thousands” of chips to consumers via its website. The chip and installation cost about $200.
After years of being a subculture, “the time is now” for chips to be more commonly used, says Amal Graafstra, founder of Dangerous Things. “We're going to start to see chip implants get the same realm of acceptance as piercings and tattoos do now.”
In other words, they'll be more visible, but not mainstream yet.
“It becomes part of you the way a cellphone does,” Graafstra says. “You can never forget it, and you can't lose it. And you have the capability to communicate with machines in a way you couldn't before.”
But after what we saw in Wisconsin last week, what's next for the U.S. workforce? A nation of workers chipping into their pods at Federal Express, General Electric, IBM, Microsoft and other top corporations?
Experts contend consumers will latch onto chips before companies do.
Chesley says corporations are slower to respond to massive change and that there will be an age issue. Younger employees will be more open to it, while older workers will balk. “Most employers who have inter-generational workforces might phase it in slowly,” she says. “I can't imagine people my age and older being enthusiastic about having devices put into their bodies.”
Adds Alec Levenson, a researcher at University of Southern California's Center for Effective Organizations, “The vast majority of people will not put up with this.”
Three Square Market said the chips are voluntary, but Chesley says that if a company announces a plan to be chipped, the expectation is that you will get chipped — or risk losing out on advancement, raises and being a team player.
“That's what we're worried about,” says Bryan Allen, chief of staff for state Rep. Tina Davis (D), who is introducing a bill in Pennsylvania to outlaw mandatory chip embedding. “If the tech is out there, what's to stop an employer from saying either you do this, or you can't work here anymore.”
Several states have passed similar laws, while one state recently saw a similar bill die in committee. "I see this as a worker's rights issue," says Nevada state Sen. Becky Harris (R), who isn't giving up. "This is the wrong place to be moving," she says.
Should future corporations dive in to chipping their employees, they will have huge issues of “trust” to contend with, says Kent Grayson, a professor of marketing at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
“You've got to have a lot of trust to put one of those in your body,” Grayson says. Workers will need assurances the chip is healthy, can't be hacked, and its information is private, he says.
Meanwhile, religious advocates have taken to social media to express their displeasure about chipping, flooding 32M's Facebook page with comments like “boycott,” “completely unnecessary” and “deplorable.” On 32M's Google page, Amy Cosari a minister in Hager City, Wisc., urges employees to remove the chip.
“When Jesus was raised, he was raised body and soul, and it was him, not zombie, not a ghost and we are raised up in the same way,” Cosari wrote. ”Employees of 32Market, you are not a walking debit card.”
Get used to it, counsels Chesley.
Ten years ago, employees didn't look at corporate e-mail over the weekend. Now they do, “whether we like it or not,” he says.
Be it wearable technology or an embedded chip, the always on-always connected chip is going to be part of our lives, she says.
Contributing: Madeline Purdue in San Francisco.
If you haven't subscribed to the new #TalkingTech newsletter yet, what are you waiting for? Just click this link and sign up: usat.ly/2qaIVVQ. We also invite you to subscribe to the #TalkingTech podcast on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, Tunein and wherever else you like to hear great online audio, and please follow me on Twitter and on Facebook.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wIpYNh
ABIDJAN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday stressed the importance of ending smuggling and slavery while creating a legal route for Africans to come to Europe as she faces pressure at home to tackle a migrant influx.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel poses with Presidents, Teodoro Obiang Nguema of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, Mahamadou Issoufou from Niger and Ibrahim Boubacar Keita from Mali during the 5th African Union - European Union (AU-EU) summit in Abidjan, Ivory Coast November 29, 2017. REUTERS/Luc Gnago
Speaking at an EU-Africa summit in Abidjan, Merkel is seeking to show Germany can take foreign policy action despite still being under a caretaker government two months after an election.
The influx of more than a million migrants since mid-2015, many of them fleeing the Middle East and Africa, was largely to blame for the rise of the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) in the Sept. 24 election.
By taking votes from Merkel's conservative bloc and others, they surged into parliament for the first time, leaving Merkel facing complicated coalition arithmetic.
She is grappling to form a new government with the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) after discussions on forming a three-way tie-up with the pro-business Free Democrats and the Greens failed, in part because of the thorny issue of migration.
“There is a common interest in ending illegal immigration,” Merkel said. “This plays a role all over the African continent now because there are reports that young African men are being sold like slaves in Libya.”
Libya is now the main departure point for mostly African migrants trying to cross to Europe. Smugglers usually pack them into flimsy inflatable boats that often break down or sink.
Merkel, who in 2015 decided to open Germany's borders to migrants, said legal options should be created for Africans to be able to get training or study in an EU country.
Speaking on the sidelines of the summit, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, from the SPD, suggested that Europe could offer several hundred thousand places each year as long as those people returned voluntarily after three or four years.
But Guenter Nooke, Merkel's Africa envoy from her Christian Democrats (CDU), was more sceptical: “No interior minister will let hundreds of thousands in if he is not sure that most of them will return,” he told Reuters.
The difference between Gabriel and Nooke suggests that migration will be a contested subject in coalition talks between the CDU and the SPD, but perhaps less so than in the three-way talks that failed as the two parties policies are closer.
More important than creating legal migration options was to create more opportunities for young people at home, Nooke said, noting that Africa's population could double from a current 1.2 billion by 2050.
“It's all about creating seeds for growth, with industrial parks and special economic zones. It is a question of jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs,” he said.
The summit was due to focus on education, investment in youth and economic development to discourage refugees and economic migrants from attempting the treacherous journey across the Mediterranean.
Jewel Belair Staite (born June 2, 1982) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her roles as Kaylee Frye in the Fox television series Firefly (2002–2003) and its spin-off theatrical film Serenity (2005), and as Dr. Jennifer Keller on Sci-Fi Channel's science-fiction television series Stargate Atlantis (2007–2009). Staite also starred in her youth as Catalina in Space Cases (1996) and as "Becca" Fisher in Flash Forward (1996–1997), and more recently as Raquel Westbrook in the Canadian drama The L.A. Complex (2012) and Caroline Swift in AMC's crime drama The Killing (2013–2014).
Early life [ edit ]
Staite was born in White Rock, British Columbia. The youngest of seven children, she modeled as a child and has acted since age six. She has stated that she is of British, Irish, French Canadian, and Iroquois ancestry.[1] Staite attended the Vancouver Film School and worked at the Vancouver Youth Theatre.[2]
Career [ edit ]
Staite began her career as a child actress, with appearances in television movies such as CBC's Liar, Liar in 1993 (which was later reaired in the United States the same year on CBS),[3] and ABC's The Only Way Out.[4] In 1995, Staite had a key guest starring role in the third-season episode of The X-Files, "Oubliette".
Staite at the 2005 Serenity Flanvention
Staite's first co-starring role on a television series was as Catalina, the ship's engineer, in the first season of Nickelodeon science fiction television series Space Cases in 1996. This was immediately followed by her role as Rebecca "Becca" Fisher on the 1995–97 Disney Channel series Flash Forward, a series in which Staite was the co-lead with Ben Foster.[5]
In 2000, she was cast in a main role on the FOX Family Channel drama series Higher Ground.[6] She was a voice actress in the animated TV series Mummies Alive! and Sabrina: The Animated Series for DIC Entertainment.
Staite in 2013
Staite played Kaylee Frye in the short-lived television series Firefly[7][8] and its subsequent 2005 film, Serenity.[9] She wrote a chapter in the book Finding Serenity, called "Kaylee Speaks: Jewel Staite On Firefly".[10] She played the recurring role of Heidi Gotts in the television series Wonderfalls in 2004.
Staite played the role of head medical doctor Jennifer Keller in the Stargate SG-1 spinoff Stargate Atlantis,[11] making her the third actor from the Firefly series to move on to appear in a Stargate series (the first being Adam Baldwin, who had a brief role as a colonel in the Stargate SG-1 Season Seven episode "Heroes", and the second being Morena Baccarin, who played Adria, the main villain in the tenth season of SG-1), and the second to take a recurring role. She replaced Paul McGillion (Dr. Carson Beckett). In the fifth season of Stargate, her character was changed from recurring status to part of the main cast. Before taking on the role as Dr. Keller she previously played the Wraith child Ellia in the Stargate Atlantis episode "Instinct".[12] She also appeared in the 2010 Sci-Fi film, Mothman, under direction from Sheldon Wilson.[10][13] Also in 2010, Staite guest starred in an episode of Warehouse 13 as the love interest of Sheldon (played by Sean Maher, who played her love interest in Firefly), and in 2011, she guest-starred on an episode of Supernatural as a former love-interest of Sam's.[14]
In 2012, Staite was a series regular on The L.A. Complex, in which she portrayed Raquel Westbrook, a struggling actress.[15] The show aired in Canada on CTV and MuchMusic and in the U.S. on The CW.[16] She also appeared recently in an episode of The Listener. Staite appeared in 10 episodes of the AMC crime drama, The Killing, as Detective Stephen Holder's girlfriend Caroline Swift, from 2013–14.[17]
Personal life [ edit ]
Staite was married to actor Matt Anderson from 2003 to 2011.[18] In May 2015, she became engaged to her boyfriend Charlie Ritchie.[19][20] Later the same month, she announced she was pregnant with her first child, a boy.[21][22] On December 9, 2015 she announced the birth of her son Wilder Cathcart Ritchie.[23] She married Charlie Ritchie on July 23, 2016.[24]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Mount Robson was first climbed on July 29, 1913.
“Oh what a glorious sight he was that day we first saw him. There, buttressed across the whole valley and more, with his high flung crest mantled with a thousand ages of snow, Mount Robson shouldered his way into the eternal solitudes thousands of feet higher than the surrounding mountains.” This was George Kinney's reaction in 1907 to his first view of the mountain that entranced him and was the focus of his life for the next four years.
Kinney was born in New Brunswick, had investigated the fossil beds on Mount Stephen and completed a solo ascent of that high mountain in October of 1904. A founding member of the Alpine Club of Canada, Kinney joined Arthur and Quincy Coleman on what was the first expedition to attempt to climb the highest mountain in the Canadian Rockies.
Arthur Coleman had spent several years searching for the legendary Mount Brown and Mount Hooker which had been touted have elevations of about 5000 metres only to find that a “mistake” had been made.
Kinney and the Colemans returned again in 1908 and after two attempts were abandoned in bad weather, Kinney set out on a solo attempt on September 9, ovenighting in bad weather and reaching an elevation of 3200 metres before avalanches drove him off the mountain. The following day the trio reached 3500 metres in fine weather before retreating.
The Colemans and Kinney made arrangements to continue their efforts the following year. However following reports that a “foreign” party (Arnold Mumm, Geoffrey Hastings, Leopold Amery, and Moritz Inderbinen) had eyes on the peak, Kinney set out earlier in the season than planned, alone, “hoping to pick up someone on the trail to share fortune with me.”
The Athabasca River had reached very high levels and both Curly Phillips and George Kinney had been marooned on islands for a few days before their chance meeting at John Moberly's cabin above Jasper Lake on July 11th. Curly Phillips had also entered the mountains by himself, hoping to start an outfitting business. Even though Phillips had never climbed a mountain, Kinney thought the, “blue-eyed, curly headed clean-lived Canadian” was, “perfectly fit for the undertaking I had in hand.” Fourteen days later they reached the base of Mount Robson. Twenty days of bad weather greeted them although they made three attempts, spending one night on the mountain at 3050 metres.
Finally, with their provisions nearly depleted, a clear day dawned. This would be George Kinney's twelfth attempt. After overnighting again on the mountain, they may have believed that they reached the summit ridge, now known as Emperor Ridge, on August 13 in dense clouds, cold, and high winds. The ascent was a tremendous effort over steep rock, ice, and snow. Curly Phillips had no prior mountaineering experience and did not even have an ice axe, using instead a stout pole from the forest below.
In 1913 a team of experienced climbers organized by the Alpine Club of Canada journeyed to the peak under very different circumstances than those endured by George Kinney during his attempts. The group was able to travel to the base of the peak by railway and then to their base camp at Berg Lake beneath the mountain's northern cliffs by pack train under the guidance of Curly Phillips himself. Conrad Kain, an Austrian guide who had a well-established reputation with the Alpine Club, was to lead two experienced mountaineers, Albert MacCarthy and William Foster. The route Kain had chosen was on the northeast side of the mountain and was quite different to that climbed by Kinney and Phillips in that most of it was on ice. According to the club's official records, “Thirteen hours of strenuous fighting up rock cliffs and dangerous slopes of snow and ice, where sixteen hundred steps had to be cut with the ice axe, brought them to the summit at 5 o'clock in the evening.” Kain later wrote that, “Mount Robson is one of the most beautiful mountains in the Rockies and certainly the most difficult one.”
New York governor Andrew Cuomo was set on Saturday to announce a ban on public and private health insurers paying for “ conversion therapy ” – designed to alter sexual orientation or gender identity – and prohibiting state mental health facilities from conducting the controversial practice on minors.
Related: Landmark ruling finds ‘gay conversion therapy' broke consumer fraud law
The executive action, which the governor was to announce on receiving a National Equality Award from the Human Rights Campaign on Saturday night, will make it illegal for any organization licensed or funded by the state to offer such “therapy”.
New York has long been at the forefront of gay rights movement, Cuomo said in a statement. He called conversion therapy a “hateful and fundamentally flawed practice that is counter to everything this state stands for”.
Conversion therapies have long been opposed by the American Psychiatric Association; a recent federal report concluded they were “inappropriate and reinforce harmful gender stereotypes”.
Measures to prevent licensed professionals from using conversion therapy on minors are already in place in California, New Jersey and Washington DC. States including Oregon and Illinois have introduced similar legislation.
The announcement of the executive action – taken after a bill to outlaw the practice last year stalled in the Republican-controlled state senate – was not universally approved.
Related: Gay conversion therapy court case begins: ‘Jonah lied – they made it worse'
Jason McGuire, executive director of New Yorkers for Constitutional Freedoms, told the New York Daily News : “We have supported, and continue to support, the rights of people who have unwanted same sex attractions to seek the counselling they desire.”
Human Rights Campaign president Chad Griffin said he welcomed Cuomo's decision.
“No young person should be coerced or subjected to this dangerous so-called therapy, which has been linked to youth substance abuse, depression, homelessness, and even suicide,” he said.
guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media 2016
Fangjaw Talisman 1 Maximum Life +%
Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
8 to 12
1
Mandible Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Attack And Cast Speed +%
1
6 to 10
Hexclaw Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Critical Strike Chance +%
1
40 to 50
Primal Skull Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Life Regeneration Rate Per Minute %
1
120
Wereclaw Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Base Critical Strike Multiplier +%
1
24 to 36
Splitnewt Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Chance To Freeze Shock Ignite %
1
4 to 6
Clutching Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Global Defences +%
1
15 to 25
Avian Twins Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Fire Damage Taken % As Cold
1
50
Avian Twins Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Fire Damage Taken % As Lightning
1
50
Avian Twins Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Cold Damage Taken % As Fire
1
50
Avian Twins Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Cold Damage Taken % As Lightning
1
50
Avian Twins Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Lightning Damage Taken % As Cold
1
50
Avian Twins Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Lightning Damage Taken % As Fire
1
50
Horned Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Projectile Base Number Of Targets To Pierce
1
2
Spinefuse Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Increased Item Quantity %
1
6 to 10
Three Rat Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
All Attributes +%
1
12 to 16
Monkey Twins Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Base Skill Area Of Effect +%
1
5 to 8
Longtooth Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Base Additional Physical Damage Reduction %
1
4 to 6
Rotfeather Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
All Damage
1
25 to 35
Monkey Paw Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Add Power Charge On Kill % Chance
1
10
Monkey Paw Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Add Frenzy Charge On Kill % Chance
1
10
Monkey Paw Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Endurance Charge On Kill %
1
10
Three Hands Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Physical Damage % To Add As Random Element
1
6 to 12
Jet Amulet 1 Resist all Elements
8 to 12
Black Maw Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Local Has X Sockets
1
1
Bonespire Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Maximum Mana +%
1
20 to 30
Ashscale Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Fire Damage +%
1
20 to 30
Lone Antler Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Lightning Damage +%
1
20 to 30
Deep One Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Cold Damage +%
1
20 to 30
Breakrib Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Physical Damage +%
1
20 to 30
Deadhand Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Chaos Damage +%
1
19 to 31
Undying Flesh Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Zombie Quantity
Base Number Of Skeletons Allowed
Spectre Quantity
1
1
Rot Head Talisman 1 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Fishing Bite Sensitivity +%
1
30 to 40
Paua Amulet 3 Mana Regeneration Rate +%
20 to 30
Coral Amulet 3 Life Regeneration Rate per Minute
120 to 240
Lapis Amulet 7 Additional Intelligence
20 to 30
Amber Amulet 7 Additional Strength
20 to 30
Jade Amulet 7 Additional Dexterity
20 to 30
Gold Amulet 15 Base Item Found Rarity +%
12 to 20
Turquoise Amulet 20 Additional Dexterity And Intelligence
16 to 24
Agate Amulet 20 Additional Strength And Intelligence
16 to 24
Citrine Amulet 20 Additional Strength And Dexterity
16 to 24
Onyx Amulet 25 Additional All Attributes
10 to 16
Chrysalis Talisman 35 Spell Damage +%
Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
20 to 30
1
Writhing Talisman 35 Local Stat Monsters Pick Up Item
Attack Damage +%
1
20 to 30
Ruby Amulet 50 Base Fire Damage Resistance %
20 to 30
Marble Amulet 74 Life Regeneration Rate Per Minute %
72 to 96
Spread the love
Dallas, TX — Three North Texas Police Departments have joined forces in a new and unscrupulous manner to write even more tickets.
Texting while driving is most certainly an irresponsible practice and should be shunned. However, the disgraceful lengths to which cops will go in the name of revenue collection are far more deplorable.
When most people drive down the interstate, they reasonably assume that they are free from being spied on while inside their vehicles. And, until now, that was an accurate assumption.
In a deafening blow to privacy, however, Texas police have begun clandestine operations to look into your vehicle as you drive down the road in an effort find anything they can to write you a ticket.
Using money collected from the tax farm, police have acquired an “eco tour bus” and are using it to peer into unsuspecting vehicles. While on the surface this initiative may seem harmless and for the “benefit of the public good,” it is anything but.
Aptly named the Covert Joint Mobile Mission, Texas cops are now invading what little expectation of privacy motorists previously had in their own vehicles. Similar to the unconstitutional nature of a DUI checkpoint, cops will look into every single vehicle they see – including the ones belonging to the overwhelming majority of entirely innocent drivers.
This new level of big brother is despicably low.
Not only does this novel tactic leave the door wide open for abuse, but it shows just how far the state is willing to go to collect revenue.
As Officer Greg Parker, with the Grand Prairie Police Department says, this van will be used to target those without seatbelts, as well as those texting while driving.
“Everyone drives safe when they see that marked black and white (car) up and around them. It's what people do when they think they're not being watched: that's when the crashes occur, that's when they drive unsafely,” explains officer Parker.
Notice the twisted logic applied by officer Parker in the statement above. If they were genuinely concerned with the safety of the citizens, police wouldn't attempt to trick them into driving unsafely to collect revenue from them.
Below is the Orwellian news report from FOX 4 News, who unquestioningly presents these new tactics by police without bringing up the rights-violating nature of the program.
Please share this story with your friends and family, so they don't fall victim to these Orwellian new tactics.
Date: December 7, 2017
Contact: Interior_Press@ios.doi.gov
WASHINGTON – Today, the U.S. Senate confirmed President Donald J. Trump's nominee, Joe Balash, to serve as the Department of the Interior's Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management. A native of the North Pole, Alaska, living in Washington D.C., Balash brings more than 19 years of experience in land and natural resource management.
"I am so glad we finally have an Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals! It's been a while," said U.S. Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke. “Joe has waited a very long time, and we look forward to his experience being brought to the table at our next meeting. Joe has worked with the Department on a number of projects in Alaska, and his experience will be greatly welcomed. Thank you to the Senate for finally getting Joe to Interior. I'd also like to thank Acting Assistant Secretary Kate MacGregor for doing an amazing job leading the portfolio and making President Trump's first year a banner year for energy dominance and public access."
“I am deeply honored to be able to serve at the Department of the Interior,” said Joe Balash. “As a nation, we are blessed with tremendous public lands and resources that give our people unparalleled opportunities for recreation and job creation for generations to come. I look forward to working with Secretary Zinke and his incredible team to seize on those opportunities and deliver on President Trump's America First Energy Plan.”
Joe Balash most recently served as the Chief of Staff to Senator Dan Sullivan (R-Alaska) before his confirmation. He is the former Commissioner of the Alaska Department of Natural Resources, which has management responsibility for one of the largest single portfolios of land and water resources in the world, containing more than 100 million acres of uplands, 40-60 million acres of submerged lands and tidelands, and more than 500,000 barrels of oil produced daily.
The Assistant Secretary heads the Department of the Interior's management of all federal lands and waters, and their associated mineral and non-mineral resources, as well as the appropriate regulation of surface coal mining. The Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management is committed to managing, protecting, and improving lands and waters to serve the needs of the American people at all times.
I've spent two days using the new Logitech Trackball Wireless M570 and I'm very impressed, overall. Retailing for $59.99, M570 is Logitech's newest thumb-operated trackball mouse, and is ostensibly a spiritual successor to their popular Trackman series. Updates and additions include:
Programmable back/forward buttons
Further refined shape over existing Logitech Trackman mice.
Wireless, supporting “Logitech Unifying” technology
Adjustable laser
For me, the M570 is a potential replacement for my coveted Microsoft Trackball Optical, a model which has been discontinued. Thus, I compared the M570 to my “MTO” in nearly every regard.
Style
In terms of looks, the M570 is a departure from Logitech's incumbent trackball mice. Its plastic shell is black and they chose a blue trackball instead of their usual red. Blue isn't my favorite color, but I like the appearance overall. (It would be nice if you could buy replacement trackballs in various colors to personalize it.)
Installation
Great job, Logitech. I simply plugged in the included USB wirless receiver into my computer and I was using the mouse within seconds without having to see a single menu. No disks were even included in the box. You can optionally download the free Logitech software to program buttons and adjust settings.
Using the M570
Like other Logitech trackballs I've used in the past, the ball makes almost imperceptible noise and feels a little “rough” when you roll it. I'd compare it to the sound and feel of rubbing one of your fingers on paper. My MS Trackball Optical, on the other hand, is as smooth as glass. At first, the feel of Lotitech annoyed me, but after a day I don't notice it.
Though I'm not yet a fan of the “feel” of the ball, I'm huge fan of the performance. The M570's most noticeable advantage over the MS Trackball Optical is how much more easily the ball moves. With the MS Trackball Optical, I've found it difficult to move a stationary cursor (or crosshair) just one or two pixels, because there is always just a little stickiness to overcome before it starts to glide. The ball in the M570 simply glides more effortlessly from a standstill position. This is a huge advantage for gamers, but also for people using graphic design programs.
Compared to the Microsoft Trackball Optical, the M570 felt less substantial in weight, size and feel. In fact, the trackball itself felt smaller, too, so I compared them:
The Logitech ball is indeed 10% smaller than the MS one. I don't know if that actually matters. The Logitech ball feels a little “pointier” on my thumb, but not uncomfortable.
I was glad to see the alignment of the mouse felt identical to the MS Trackball Optical. Switching back and forth between the two required no re-orienting.
Less “Room to Play”?
The M570 itself is smaller, too. I have mixed feelings about the overall comfort of the device:
(**UPDATE** Be sure to read my 4-month follow up to this review)
The contours and shape of the M570 fit my hand like a glove. In fact, it's a much better fit than the MS Trackball Optical. However, after using the M570 for a minute, I noticed something.
When I placed my hand so that it felt most comfy on the mouse, my thumb extended past the middle of the ball, limiting the range of motion. I found myself either sliding my hand back or curling my thumb slightly to stay “on point”. It seems that the M570 (and perhaps other Logitech trackballs) are designed for smaller hands. (I'm a 6-foot male, by the way.)
My old MS Trackball Optical overcomes this problem by having a more generically shaped shell and longer mouse buttons. Users with a wide range of hand sizes (like those in my family) can find their “home” on it and use it comfortably. The M570, on the other hand, is so ergonomically shaped that I wondered if it ends up being a little less accommodating to those outside a certain range of hand sizes.
In normal computer use, the above issue is minor, and I am able to use the M570 comfortably. However, gamers will want as much range of motion available to them as possible. The Microsoft Trackball Optical seems to excel in this area by placing the ball on a wide, open face. Your thumb has lots of room to “play”. The ball in the M570 sits within a more contoured socket that “juts out” along the bottom and upper portion near the “forward” and “back” buttons. Sometimes, my thumb is stopped by these bumpers before I want them to.
I'm happy to say that, after a few rounds in Team Fortress 2, the M570 performed wonderfully — especially once I found a good hand position that gave me the most control and range with the ball.
*Disclaimer* I haven't empirically tested whether there is actually less available range of motion on the M570; It just feels and looks that way.
Going forward, and back
I can't imagine using a web browser today without having the “back” and “forward” buttons right at my fingertip. So, the biggest selling point for me was the addition of those buttons on the M570. I have to admit they are much better designed than the ones on my trusty Microsoft Trackball Optical. Everyone who has used my MS mouse has accidentally clicked the small “back”button, thinking it was the primary mouse button. The Logitech forward and back buttons should cause no confusion for new users.
Other Observations
Like other trackball mice, the ball can be ejected for cleaning. However, the hole on the underside was too small for all but my pinky finger, and it was uncomfortable pushing the ball out.
Logitech earns some karma points by including a Duracell battery in the mouse – a pleasant surprise. Thanks!
Summary
Pros:
Fool-proof, fast setup
Trackball moves very easily and precisely and should satisfy gamers until a gaming-oriented trackball is released.
Great functional design overall
Battery included with purported 18-month life.
Wireless trackballs are awesome. This is a perfect laptop companion or home theater control.
**UPDATE!** Be sure to read my 4-month follow up on the Logitech M570
Cons:
Feels a little light and small (for my taste)
Although the molded shape fits my hand well, the position of the buttons and trackball seemed to be geared for smaller hands and took some getting used to.
Ball “eject” hole on the underside should be larger.
The Verdict
The Logitech M570 is a very well crafted mouse and a welcome device in my home office. Though gamers and advanced users might appreciate a gamer-oriented design with higher range of motion and more programmable buttons, this mouse appears to be the leader of today's very small pack of trackball mouse options. The addition of programmable buttons and wireless make the M570 the trackball mouse to get today, whether you are new to trackballs or are looking for an upgrade.
Samsung has issued preliminary earnings guidance for Q4 and said its expectation is another record quarter with consolidated profit of around 8.8 trillion Korean won ($8.3 billion), on consolidated sales of approximately 56 trillion Korean won ($53.6 billion). The Q4 figure compares to 8.06 trillion Korean won in the previous quarter, and 4.66 trillion Korean won in the year ago quarter.
The Korean electronics giant is estimating its full fiscal year 2012 revenues at 201.05 trillion Korean won ($189 billion) on consolidated basis, while operating profit for the fiscal year is expected to be 29.01 trillion Korean won ($27.2 billion).
Reuters reports Samsung saying it sold close to 500 mobile handsets a minute during its Q4, and noting that demand also picked up for the third party manufacturer side of its business, specifically for the flat screens it makes for mobile devices including for rivals such as Apple.
Despite another record quarter for Samsung in Q4, Reuters notes investor expectations that the company's run of five straight record quarters could end in Q1 on “weaker seasonal demand” for smartphones — its “biggest earner”. “Investors are a bit concerned that Samsung's momentum may slow in the first half,” Reuters quotes Kim Sung-soo, a fund manager at LS Asset Management, commenting. “The smartphone market is unlikely to sustain its strong growth as advanced markets are nearing saturation despite growth in emerging countries.”
Samsung's preliminary results for Q4 stand in marked contrast to rival Asian mobile maker HTC, which reported unaudited Q4 figures yesterday. HTC said its net income for the quarter was just $1 billion Taiwanese dollars ($34 million) — a 91 per cent year-on-year drop.
Organization behind "vaccines don't cause autism" propaganda directly aligned with vaccine industry
UnitedHealth, which owns the Lewin Group, actively promotes vaccines through its health insurance and vaccination campaigns
The Lewin Group isn't an independent healthcare consultant; it's a front group for vaccine corporations
(NaturalNews) The medical-industrial complex is trotting out yet another "study" that it claims proves that vaccines, particularly the MMR vaccine, are not linked to causing autism. However, a closer look at this so-called study reveals that like virtually all of the other medical research purporting that vaccines are safe and effective, it was directly funded by pharmaceutical interests trying to sell more vaccines.It is an undeniable fact that not a single independent study has ever concluded that vaccines are completely safe and effective. The only ones to make such a claim are a direct product of industry sleight of hand - pseudoscience propaganda, if you will, meant to create the illusion that vaccine safety is fully vested when the exact opposite is actually the case.The latest study to push this agenda comes from the Lewin Group, a healthcare consulting firm based out of Falls Church, Virginia. The mainstream media is already citing the paper as concrete evidence that vaccines don't cause autism, but what they are failing to tell their readers is that the group behind the study represents a wide range of players in the drugging and jabbing sectors of the medical economy.As it turns out, the Lewin Group works directly with drug corporations like Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, and Novo Nordisk, two of which actually manufacture vaccines. The Lewin Group is also in partnership with pharmaceutical associations and organizations like the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), whose "Fact Book" claims that "[g]overnments have reasons to promote vaccination."This same group advocates for the continued development of new vaccines to address infectious diseases that it claims "remain uncontrolled." This is a clear conflict of interest because it is highly unlikely that PhRMA or any other association that works with the Lewin Group would ever play a part in producing a study that questions the safety or effectiveness of the products it markets and sells.It is also worth noting that some of the other organizations in partnership with the Lewin Group include the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Heritage Foundation, not to mention a number of other hospitals and healthcare systems that actively promote vaccines as being among the greatest public health achievements of the Twentieth Century.The Lewin Group is also aligned with various medical insurance programs like Blue Cross Blue Shield and the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, two corporate entities that just so happen to provide health coverage for vaccines. Both of these insurance groups also consider vaccinations to be "preventive care" and both actively push deadly vaccines like the flu shot and HPV on young children.Perhaps the biggest red flag with the Lewin Group, though, is its owner: UnitedHealth Group, another major promoter of vaccines. UnitedHealth, as you may recall, is the same entity that lobbied heavily to eliminate a "public option" from Obamacare, which ended up forcibly adding many previously-uninsured customers onto the company's rolls."UnitedHealth lobbyists used work provided by the Lewin Group as a basis for its argument that providing a public option would kill the private insurance industry," wrote Brandon Turbeville and Healther Callaghan in a recent piece for. "Those few democrats in the U.S. Congress that disagreed were apt to point out the conflict of interest between the Lewin Group's findings and UnitedHealth's desires, referring to the Lewin Group's work as 'so-called analysis' and 'suspect.'"If you are not yet convinced, check out the following statement issued by UnitedHealthcare about its "Medicare and Retirement Vaccination Campaign," which admittedly pushes vaccines on adults aged 65 years and older:"The vaccination campaign uses demographic and regional information with targeted messaging for diverse populations across age, race and ethnicity to increase vaccine rates. This program was designed to increase the influenza and pneumonia vaccination rates in older adults by increasing their awareness of the diseases and promoting convenient access points (e.g. pharmacies)."This is the same entity that recently published a study claiming that MMR vaccines don't cause autism . Do you see why this is a problem? The Lewin Group is anything but an independent healthcare consultant. It is a disingenuous front group promoting vaccines on behalf of its partners, who stand to lose billions of dollars in revenue if vaccine rejection continues to gain momentum."The truth is that there has never been a study proving vaccines safe or effective that was not connected to a pharmaceutical company or a vaccine maker," warns. "The mainstream media's recent jaunt has yet to change this fact."
The Indians have acquired outfielder Collin Cowgill from the Angels in exchange for cash considerations and designated left-hander Nick Hagadone for assignment, per a club announcement. MLB.com's Alden Gonzalez reported (via Twitter) that Cowgill was headed to Cleveland just before the trade was announced.
Cowgill, 30 next May, gives the Indians a strong defensive option in the outfield corners, though he comes with a light bat. The right-handed hitter comes to Cleveland with a .236/.299/.334 batting line in 745 trips to the plate as a Major Leaguer and a .188/.233/.290 line in just 74 PAs last season in Anaheim. However, Cowgill is a standout left/right fielder in the eyes of defensive metrics such as Ultimate Zone Rating and Defensive Runs Saved and also has the ability to play center field. Cowgill has saved 28 runs in 1336 innings of corner defense, per DRS. UZR agrees, pegging him at +25 runs in that time. He's average to below-average in center, per those same metrics, but he's played just 370 innings there in his career.
Hagadone's removal from the 40-man roster isn't entirely unexpected, as the lefty reliever underwent elbow surgery in late July that was projected to sideline him for six to nine months. He was projected to receive just $700K in arbitration, but the Indians probably didn't want to commit the dollars nor the roster spot to Hagadone without knowing when he could return to the mound. He also has a fairly spotty track record as a Major Leaguer; while he worked to a sound 3.55 ERA with a 55-to-18 K/BB ratio in 50 2/3 innings from 2014-15, his big league work prior to that point amounted to a 5.59 ERA in 67 2/3 innings.
Per MLB.com's Jordan Bastian, Indians president of baseball operations Chris Antonetti said that he has interest in keeping Hagadone in the organization despite removing him from the 40-man roster (Twitter link).
With the 2014 24 Hours of Le Mans nearly here, it's a good time to brush up on some of the history of this storied race. What better way to do that than with a colorful infographic?
READ: 2015 Chevy Corvette Z06: 650 hp, 650 lb-ft, Most Powerful GM Ever
This infographic from Tool Orders should provide enough Le Mans trivia to win several bar bets. From the highest recorded top speed (251 mph) to Dan Gurney's 1967 champagne shower, it's all here.
There's also a comparison between the first Le Mans winner--a 1923 Chenard et Walcker Sport--and last year's winning Audi R18 e-tron quattro. That first winner boasted a 3.0-liter four-cylinder engine, which propelled it to an average race speed of 57.2 mph. The Audi shows the results of progress with its sophisticated diesel hybrid powertrain and average race speed of 122.69 mph.
Looking to the 2014 race, all eyes are on Audi and fellow Volkswagen Group property Porsche. Along with Toyota, the two German carmakers will compete in the top LMP1 class under new rules that emphasize efficiency as well as performance.
MUST SEE: Dubai Police Cars Are The World's Fastest: Video
The Porsche 919 Hybrid will bring the brand back to top-tier competition at Le Mans after a 16-year absence, which just happens to be the number of overall wins Porsche has to its credit. That's the most of any manufacturer; Audi is second with 12.
The 2014 24 Hours of Le Mans kicks off this weekend. For the latest updates, check out our dedicated hub.
2014 24 Hours of Le Mans infographic
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+
Growing up in a mediterranean household, our table was always filled with vegetables, salad and fruit. In fact, I was no stranger to veggies taking centre stage as the start dish of the meal rather than being a lame addition that got pushed to the side of the plate and forgotten about. My favourite veggie dish made by my nonna (Italian granny) is melanzane parmigiana – rich and meaty, oozing with stringy mozzarella and speckled with glitzy parmesan – the ultimate in vegetable gloriousness, yet lardy enough to clog up even the fittest arteries.
This is another vegetarian dish that deserves centre stage. It's magnificent! I mean, look at it – it's huge! And perfect for any lover of the irresistible veggie-cheese combo. I made this for a dinner party which included a couple of vegetarians, one who is my good friend Sophie to who I owe so much for teaching me so many wonderful innovations that start off in the fresh produce aisle.
I'm not going to lie, this pie is a labour of love. It takes a while but I swear every mouthful will be worth it!
It serves at least 6 but more like 8 people.
Ingredients
2 (about 1kg each) butternut squash, peeled, deseeded and cut into thick slices
4 tbsp olive oil
2 tsp cumin seeds, toasted
2 tsp ras el hanout
Pinch of chilli flakes
2-3 red onions, thinly sliced
4 whole garlic cloves with skins on
1kg baby spinach
250g ricotta
50g pine nuts, toasted
200g soft, rindless vegetarian goat's cheese,
sliced
For the pastry
350g plain flour, plus extra for dusting
50g coarse polenta
150g cold butter, cut into cubes
60g grated vegetarian Parmesan
1 medium free-range egg, beaten
Method
1. For the pastry, mix the flour, polenta and a pinch of salt in a food processor. Add the cold butter and pulse until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Tip into a bowl, add 50g of the grated Parmesan and mix with a table knife until the mixture comes together. Measure out 4 tbsp cold water and add a little at a time until the dough just sticks together (you may not need all the water). Knead it gently until it forms a ball, wrap the pastry in cling film and chill for 20 minutes in the fridge.
2. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 200°C/fan180°C/gas 6. Scatter the sliced butternut squash over 2 or 3 large roasting trays, drizzle with half the olive oil, scatter over the cumin seeds, ras el hanout and chilli flakes, and season well with salt and black pepper. Roast in the oven, stirring occasionally, for 40 minutes.
3. Meanwhile, add the sliced onions and garlic to another roasting tin with the rest of the olive oil. Halfway through cooking the squash, add the onions to the oven and roast for 20 minutes. Remove the squash and onions from the oven, squeeze out the garlic from their skins, mash the roasted garlic into the onions and leave to cool slightly.
4. Place the spinach in a colander over the sink and pour over a kettle of boiling water. Refresh under cold water, then squeeze dry to remove all the excess water. Chop the spinach, put into a bowl, season and mix with the ricotta, then set aside.
5. On a lightly floured surface, roll out two-thirds of the pastry and use it to line the base and sides of a 23cm springform tin. Add half the spinach mixture in a layer, then distribute half the roasted squash on top of that. Scatter with half the pine nuts, then half the goat's cheese. Repeat with the rest of the spinach mixture, butternut squash, pine nuts and goat's cheese. Finally, add the garlicky onions in a layer on top.
6. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the rest of the pastry, then lay on top of the pie, pushing in the edges to seal well. Make a hole in the middle of the pie and decorate the top with leaves made from any leftover pastry. Brush the top of the pie with beaten egg, scatter with the rest of the Parmesan and chill for 20 minutes.
7. Cover with cling film and foil and freeze, uncooked, for up to 1 month.
8. When ready to eat, remove the foil and cling film and defrost fully in the fridge. Preheat the oven to 200°C/fan180°C/gas 6 and bake for 30-35 minutes until the pastry is golden brown on top. Leave to cool in the tin for 10 minutes before serving.
recipe from deliciousmagazine.co.uk
Attend an Open Call
Attend an Open Call where you will be given the opportunity to do a 1-minute pitch of your business/product/idea to a member of the Casting Team -- just like you would as if you were on the show. Come prepared to wow and dazzle us. Be advised: security may check your bag and you are responsible for your own parking. We do not validate. To apply at an Open Call you must have a completed Application Packet. Download the Application HERE and bring it with you. Please take the time to complete it fully and legibly.
All Open Calls are open to the general public. As long as you arrive during the allotted "Numbered Wristbands Distributed" time and receive a wristband you will have the chance to pitch. There is no reason to camp out the night before. Please be respectful of the neighborhood in regards to trash and noise. If you have any questions please email us at casting@sharktanktv.com. We will get back to you as soon as we can. Please do NOT call the venue.
OPEN CALL NOTES:
- You will have time to go back to your vehicle after you receive your wristband to get any large or bulky props or equipment.
- There are no guarantees of access to power, internet or any other A/V equipment.
- You may only pitch one business, product or idea.
2019 CASTING CALL AUDITION SCHEDULE :
SUNDAY, MARCH 10TH – TACOMA, WA
TACOMA DOME - SO NORTHWEST WOMEN'S SHOW
2727 East D Street
Tacoma, WA 98421
9AM-11AM - Numbered Wristbands Distributed
10AM - Interviews Begin
THURSDAY, MARCH 14TH – LOS ANGELES / CABAZON, CA
MORONGO RESORT & SPA
Morongo Ballroom
49500 Seminole Dr.
Cabazon, CA 92230
9AM to 11AM – Wristbands Distributed
10AM – Interviews Begin
**PLEASE NOTE: No one will be allowed to line up prior to 7AM on Thursday, March 14th
THURSDAY, MARCH 28TH - NASHVILLE, TN
THE FAIRGROUNDS NASHVILLE
625 Smith Ave.
Nashville, TN 37203
9AM-11AM Wristbands Distributed
10AM Interviews Begin
SATURDAY, APRIL 6TH – LINCOLN, NE
PINNACLE BANK ARENA
400 Pinnacle Arena Dr.
Lincoln, NE 68508
9AM-11AM - Numbered Wristbands Distributed
10AM - Interviews Begin
SATURDAY, APRIL 13TH – BENTONVILLE, AR
EXCHANGE / STARTUP JUNKIE
409 SW A Street
Bentonville, AR 72712
9AM-11AM - Wristbands Distributed
10AM - Interviews Begin
**PLEASE NOTE: No one will be allowed to line up prior to 7AM on Saturday, April 13th
THURSDAY, MAY 2ND – NEW YORK, NY
TechDay New York
Jacob K Javits Center - HALL 1B
655 West 34th St
NY, NY 10001
9AM-11AM - Wristbands Distributed
10AM - Interviews Begin
More open calls and cities to be announced. Stay tuned!
Leaving the tarmac of Yardie Creek Road, we followed a short stretch of gravel to South Mandu Beach. "Are you sure this is right?" said my companion.
There was no one to ask. We parked, locked the jeep and set out along the wallaby tracks with just a shoulder bag and a bottle of water. A few minutes later, a solar-powered buggy came into view. "We'll get your bags. Welcome to Sal Salis."
There's no permanent accommodation in Cape Range National Park and stiff competition for the few permitted public camping places leaves the diminutive Exmouth, about an hour's drive away, almost the only alternative base. So the exclusive location of Sal Salis's nine walk-in tents is therefore unrivalled.
Cameron Miller, one of the camp guides, led us to the central dining area, gave us a beer and asked whether we would like a glass – Sal Salis may charge £912 per tent per night, but this is still Australia.
Cameron briefly described the camp, the solar arrays that provide all electricity, the 20 litres of water per tent per day for washing – "Hey, we're in the ocean all the time" – the biodegradable soaps and shampoos, and the odour-free composting lavatories.
He suggested we get kitted out with "rashies" (rash vests), snorkels and flippers then meet on the beach for a quick swim over the reef.
A stone's throw from the deserted white sands of Cape Range lies Ningaloo, 161 miles long, the country's largest fringing reef and the world's only sizeable coral community to abut a continental land mass. Yet it remains unknown to most British visitors to Australia, only 25 per cent of whom make it to Perth, let alone top-end Western Australia. It's not even Unesco designated.
Down on the beach Cameron satisfied himself that on balance we were more likely to swim than sink before we headed up the shore with a view to drifting back down on the current.
"Now mate, once you've got your flippers on it is easier to enter the water walking backwards…" And that was the last verbal communication we had for almost an hour.
Kicking out a little way we were soon at the edge of the coral and immediately invited into the ebb and flow of the reef's multicoloured temperate and tropical drama. Two opposing currents, the Ningaloo and Leeuwin, vortex offshore creating a fecund mix of species beyond the breakers, attracting appearances by A-list stars from the world of filter feeding: whale sharks, humpback whales and manta rays.
Parrot fish returned my stares suspiciously then Cameron pointed out an octopus, perfectly camouflaged in texture and shape – it flashed black annoyance upon discovery.
Elsewhere, among electric blue clouds of reef tiddlers, a hawksbill turtle had wedged its substantial bulk beneath a coral bombe, enjoying a tranquil time out from the constant currents. Clear, dark, unblinking eyes seemed to convey a resigned sadness born of 40 or more years' lonely navigation of the oceans. Then, unexpectedly, a 5ft black-tipped reef shark swam into view, coolly ignoring us.
Back at our tents we showered off the salt, making judicious use of the 20-litre water allowance. I dried off in the breeze while swinging gently in a hammock and then sunset drinks and canapés awaited on the restaurant deck.
There were just two other guests, Rod and Suzanne from Cronulla, New South Wales, perversely celebrating the conclusion of a home renovation with a couple of nights in Sal Salis's tents. Aperitifs were served, my companion and Suzanne choosing a perfectly chilled glass of Wise sémillon sauvignon blanc, while Rod and I sank another boutique Tasmanian beer.
It was a far cry from my last visit to Cape Range, 14 years ago, when I'd spent 10 days on the beach as a backpacker. I mentioned this comparison to Rod.
"So what happened, did you win the lottery?" Rod was still incredulous at Sal Salis's nightly tariff. "We're just here for two nights. Any longer and we'll need to take out a second mortgage."
Storm lanterns were lit and tables laid. A kitchen team of chef Anthony Higoe and his wife Sally, fresh from an extended tour of duty aboard a multimillionaire's superyacht, cooked and served simple but perfectly seared scallops, followed by fillets of red snapper and an inspired desert of lemon myrtle crème brûlée.
My feet were in sandals, I was wearing shorts, my BlackBerry had no service, there was no moon to outshine the stars and no noise save the chatter of our table, the wind and rushing waves on the beach. I slept well, interrupted only once by the percussive patrolling of wallabies on the boardwalks.
Waking to a deserted camp and walking down to the restaurant area I found enough hot water for coffee.
Soon industrious sounds emanated from the kitchen tent and breakfast was served. Black coffee and fresh croissants taste best al fresco, early in the morning, but they're improved further when accompanied by a procession of humpback whales blowing, diving and spectacularly breaching perhaps 100 yards or so from the reef and 500 yards from your granola.
I've seen whales before, but this relaxed breakfast time cetacean parade was a decidedly decadent pleasure.
Sal Salis is an experiment in high-cost, low-impact tourism in a sensitive part of the world that has thus far fought off brutal resort developments. The camp's exclusivity can't be measured by five-star service, shiny limousines, icy cold air-con or obscure spa treatments; it's all about location.
Indeed, rather than attempting to insulate guests from the environment, Sal Salis invites them to embrace it, while factoring in excellent food and a comfortable bed.
The cost of staying at Sal Salis is undoubtedly high but preserving the integrity of wilderness is a price worth paying.
WHAT TO AVOID
Dawn and dusk in Cape Range National Park see roads occupied by local wildlife. Wallaroos (kangaroo subspecies) and emus are liable to leap or stroll in front of vehicles when least expected. Bear in mind that rental car insurance is often invalid between sunset and sunrise outside towns and cities, leaving drivers liable for all costs in the event of an accident.
Cyclone season in WA runs officially from November to the end of April. Though it's unusual for these storms to reach as far south as Exmouth their power is not to be underestimated.
During the peak wet season of December to March many tour operators and hotels wind down or even close, though there are always options for hardy travellers.
This article is over 5 years old
A prominent Indian journalist, Sai Reddy, was beaten and stabbed to death by a gang during his visit to a market near his home in Basaguda village in the central state of Chhattisgarh.
Reddy, 51, a reporter for the Hindi-language newspaper Deshbandhu, died on his way to hospital after the attack on Friday (6 December).
Police are reported to suspect Maoists insurgents, but that is not a certainty. In 2008, reports the Daily Bhaskar, Reddy was arrested because of his alleged links to Maoists.
Subsequently, according to The Times of India's report, Reddy was threatened by Maoists and his house was set on fire, which forced him to flee to a neighbouring state until he issued an apology to the insurgents.
Reddy, who covered issues such as health, education, water supply, food distribution and corruption, often criticised the police and the rebels.
The US-based Committee for the Protection of Journalists (CPJ) has called on the Indian authorities to conduct a swift and efficient investigation into Reddy's murder.
"Journalists in Chhattisgarh have become targets in the conflict between the Indian state and the Maoists for simply reporting the realities on the ground," said CPJ's Asian coordinator Bob Dietz.
Earlier this year, journalist Nemi Chand Jain was killed in Chhattisgarh. Maoists later admitted responsibility and apologised for the murder.
Sources: Daily Bhaskar/Times of India/CPJ
To userp the Green Lantern oath is a sacrilege. But calm your rage as you take in this Green Lantern battery and ring project. [Jon] built the power battery portion out of LEGO, but inside you'll find an added bonus. An Arduino uses a set of LEDs and an RFID reader to bring the object alive. A matching ring contains the RFID tag that activates the lights when held up to the lantern's lens. You can see this used to charge the power ring (and join in by saying the oath) in the video after the break.
Want to build something like this but don't have an RFID reader? This would be easy to pull off by adding a magnet to the ring and a hall effect sensor in the lantern. Maybe this will make you rethink your Halloween costume this year.
[Thanks Hugo]
We hope you love the products we recommend! Just so you know, Ranker may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication.
Movies That Make Manly Men Cry Movies That Make Manly Men Cry
Some classic, well-loved films are classified tearjerkers, but would all sad, depressing movies make the manliest men cry? No. But these depressing movies can do the trick. What movies make men cry? This list contains some of the best movies of all time, including depressing movies with stories of lost loves, broken hearts, dying fathers, dying friends, dying dogs... a whole lot of dying. Other emotional films on this list might make men shed tears of joy with heartfelt scenes of reunion, resolution, redemption.
Great movies have the ability to transport audiences out of the theaters (or their living rooms) to different places and eras unlike the ones we know. The best movies make us forget our daily troubles and let us escape to whole new worlds where new unimaginable dreams can come true.
This interactive Ultimate List includes epics like Saving Private Ryan, comedies like My Girl, and even several animated tearjerkers like Up and Wall-E. Other classics like Old Yeller and the uplifting sports story Rudy round out the list. Admit it – some of these made you a little misty, even if you blamed it on someone cutting onions nearby. Vote on those movies with the saddest, most heart-wrenching and tear-worthy scenes that can make even the most manly, grizzled warrior of a man cry his heart out.
The Senate is expected to pass legislation this week that would empower states to tax online purchases.
ADVERTISEMENT
Senate Majority Leader(D-Nev.) has filed to end debate on the bill, which is called the "Marketplace Fairness Act." A key procedural vote is scheduled for Monday evening.
Although the bill looks to be on to fast-track for passage through the Senate, it faces a tougher battle in the House, where Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte Robert (Bob) William GoodlatteIt's time for Congress to pass an anti-cruelty statute DOJ opinion will help protect kids from dangers of online gambling House GOP probe into FBI, DOJ comes to an end MORE (R-Va.) says he plans to take his time scrutinizing the legislation.
Supporters argue the bill would close an unfair loophole that benefits online retailers over local brick-and-mortar stores.
“The Marketplace Fairness Act is a bill whose time has come in Congress and one that is long overdue for states, local governments and small businesses," Sen. Dick Durbin Richard (Dick) Joseph DurbinKids confront Feinstein over Green New Deal Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Overnight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run MORE (D-Ill.), a sponsor of the legislation, said in an emailed statement, adding that he is confident the bill will clear the Senate.
Last month, 75 senators voted for a non-binding budget resolution amendment expressing support for allowing states to tax online retailers. Although the vote had no legal impact, it was an important demonstration of support for the legislation.
Under current law, states can only collect sales taxes from retailers that have a physical presence in their state. People who order items online from another state are supposed to declare the purchases on their tax forms, but few do.
The Marketplace Fairness Act would empower states to tax online purchases but would exempt small businesses that earn less than $1 million annually from out-of-state sales.
Bringing the bill directly to the Senate floor snubs Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus Max Sieben BaucusOvernight Defense: McCain honored in Capitol ceremony | Mattis extends border deployment | Trump to embark on four-country trip after midterms Congress gives McCain the highest honor Judge boots Green Party from Montana ballot in boost to Tester MORE (D-Mont.), whose panel has jurisdiction over the issue.
Baucus has expressed concern that the legislation would violate the rights of states that have no sales tax, like his home state of Montana.
Last month, Baucus argued in a floor speech that the proposal would "require Montana employers to spend their hard-earned dollars to enforce sales taxes in other states, with absolutely nothing in return."
"This is a clear infringement on states' rights that we cannot stand for," Baucus declared.
Sens. Kelly Ayotte Kelly Ann AyotteBottom Line US, allies must stand in united opposition to Iran's bad behavior American military superiority will fade without bold national action MORE (R-N.H.) and Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-Ore.), whose home states also have no sales tax, are rallying opposition to the measure.
But Sens. Mike Enzi Michael (Mike) Bradley EnziWill Senate GOP try to pass a budget this year? Presumptive benefits to Blue Water Navy veterans are a major win If single payer were really a bargain, supporters like Rep. John Yarmuth would be upfront about its cost MORE (R-Wyo.) and Lamar Alexander Andrew (Lamar) Lamar AlexanderPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump MORE (R-Tenn.), the other lead Senate co-sponsors along with Durbin, argue the bill will actually protect states' rights. They note that it would not force any state to collect taxes, and argue that states that choose to tax online purchases could lower other rates.
“Sales tax is the main source of revenue for cities, towns and counties and even the state," Enzi said in a recent statement. "It provides the money for roads, police, fire protection. If we don't collect that revenue, they'll have to find a new source.”
The proposal has the support of a host of GOP governors, including Chris Christie of New Jersey, Rick Snyder of Michigan and Bob McDonnell of Virginia.
But the legislation faces a long slog in the House.
In an emailed statement, Goodlatte said he is "open to considering legislation concerning this topic," but said he has concerns that would have to be addressed.
"While it attempts to make tax collection simpler, it still has a long way to go," the GOP chairman said. "There is still not uniformity on definitions and tax rates, so businesses would still be forced to wade through potentially hundreds of tax rates and a host of different tax codes and definitions."
He also expressed concern that the bill could "open the door for states to tax or even regulate beyond their borders."
The House sponsors are Reps. Steve Womack Stephen (Steve) Allen WomackBipartisan House group heads to Camp David retreat Pelosi to make history with second Speakership GOP rep says Dems want to hand Trump a government shutdown MORE (R-Ark.), Jackie Speier (D-Calif.), Peter Welch Peter Francis WelchBooker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Drug pricing fight centers on insulin | Florida governor working with Trump to import cheaper drugs | Dems blast proposed ObamaCare changes Bill would let patients buy cheaper insulin from other countries MORE (D-Vt.) and John Conyers (D-Mich.).
A coalition of anti-tax groups, including the Heritage Foundation, Americans for Tax Reform and Americans for Prosperity, sent a letter to members of Congress on Friday, urging them to reject the legislation.
Major retail groups, however, are lobbying intensely for the legislation.
David French, a lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, said the overwhelming Senate vote for the proposal as a non-binding resolution last month has helped to build momentum in both chambers.
"The 75 votes on the budget vote got everyone's attention," French said. "I think the House is a lot more interested in taking this up and passing it than they were before that vote."
He said his group and other supporters plan to work with Goodlatte to address his concerns and said the bill has significant support among the Judiciary Committee lawmakers.
Brian Bieron, a lobbyist for eBay, which opposes the bill, criticized the Senate leaders for bypassing the committee process.
"We're in favor of actual legislative procedure and scrutiny because we think complicated issues ought to actually go through a process where serious questions are asked and maybe things get better," Bieron said.
He also argued that the bill's small business exception is too small.
"A new Internet tax bill should not penalize or harm small businesses," he said.
Recent Posts
Forum Stats
3749706 Posts in 70946 Topics by 15333 Members. Latest Member: explodey
Latest Post: "Re: Yorkshire water pudd..." ( Today at 12:58:33 AM )
View the most recent posts on the forum.
Users Online
251 Guests, 64 Users (12 Hidden)
Users active in past 15 minutes:
bomb_dog, ToneLa, NeutralHeron, zip o lightning, paddy72, Delete Delete Delete, Junglist, Orino, Twed, dinsdalep, Nice Relaxing Poo, Fishfinger, Solid Jim, Old Nehamkin, Squink, jamiefairlie, mbedd, jonbob, Bazooka, Mobius, LynnBenfield69, Autopsy Turvey, Twit 2, Chollis, Kryton, rasta-spouse, fit bird, gib, colacentral, Butchers Blind, filth gabs, billyandthecloneasaurus, up_the_hampipe, Johnny Yesno, non capisco, TwinPeaks, Tikwid, Cold Meat Platter, Bronzy, Cloud, buntyman, Rev+, Paisley, Claude the Racecar Driving Rockstar Super Sleuth, gout_pony, klaatu!, hummingofevil, willpurry, easytarget, dr_christian_troy, chveik, JamesTC
Most Online Today: 359. Most Online Ever: 2458 (August 17, 2018, 09:21:03 PM)
Facebook For Android's beta tier has been a success, with 1 million testers helping fix bugs before updates go out to its hundreds of millions of mainstream users. So today Facebook launched a beta program for its Messenger android app with multiple automatic updates of new features and fixes each week. With heavy competition in messaging, Facebook is intent on making Messenger is fast and stable.
Facebook explains that “Performance and reliability are important aspects of any high quality product. For a messaging product, this is especially true – we want our messages to be delivered to our friends quickly, and reliably. We have learned a lot about improving mobile performance at Facebook, and the Android Beta program is a helpful tool we have at our disposal.” The Facebook For Android beta launched in June 2013 and has testers in over 150 countries.
Users with the courage to with withstand glitches and explore new features that could suddenly disappear will be encouraged to file reports about bugs and their satisfaction. They won't get anything material in return, but will know they're aiding hundreds of millions of people to have a better Messenger experience.
To join the beta program, users must:
1) Join the Facebook Messenger for Android Beta Testers Google group: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/messenger-for-android-beta-testers 2) Allow beta downloads by clicking “Become a Tester” in the Play Store (you need to join the Google Group before becoming a tester) 3) Download Facebook Messenger from the Play Store to update your app 4) Turn on automatic updates, as the beta version of Facebook Messenger for Android will be updated multiple times per week
In January 2013, analyst Benedict Evans managed to scrape user counts of Facebook's apps even though the company hadn't officially released growth stats in a long time. As of September 2012, Facebook Messenger had 56.7 million total monthly users, with 32.3 million on Android. That number sure grew over that past year, and Facebook's CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in January 2014's Q4 2013 earnings call that “The number of people using Messenger grew more than 70% in the past three months [since Messenger's big redesign], and we've seen a large increase in the number of messages sent. We have a lot more coming to Messenger in the first half of this year.”
That means Facebook Messenger for Android should have at least 50 million users, and likely closer to 75 million. That's a lot of people to send an update that's only be tested internally.
Facebook's doubling-down on Android beta programs could signal an increasing desire for Apple to offer its own beta system. Apple has been reluctant as it prefers a simple, consistent experience where everyone gets a production-ready app. For now, Facebook uses its own complicated mobile beta testing work around in which its iOS app actually contains multiple different interfaces that appear to different users. This lets Facebook still test its iOS apps with a large audience, but it has to do so in the wild with normal users who are less tolerant of bugs than those who actively sign up for beta programs.
I've heard Facebook has been prodding Apple to offer a similar beta system to Google's platform. I wouldn't be surprised if other developers like Twitter, LinkedIn, and Yahoo would want that too. If Apple doesn't figure this out, it may see companies pushing features to Android first because they can launch with a clean bill of health.
Is Atlanta basically renting its crop of young professionals until they grow up, have kids and head for the big houses and soccer clubs of the suburbs? Or has a paradigm shifted in terms of the core city's long-term appeal? A fascinating USA Today article asks if the Millennial Generation will follow the suburban exodus of their grandparents or forge lives in the cities that successfully attracted them with condo towers, hip coffee shops and bike paths. While Atlanta isn't named in the piece, its recent history is more than applicable. The oldest bubble of Millennials (86 million strong) is turning 30 this year. Will they set their sites on suburbia? Can we expect the urban revival to sputter? What are cities doing about the potential loss of this stabilizing, tax-rich commodity? "It's important to compete with suburbs for people once they get a little older and have children," Richard Florida, author of The Rise of the Creative Class, told the newspaper. "So capturing people early on in their lives in a metro really matters."
Florida estimates that up to 95 percent of urban dwellers would have high-tailed to the 'burbs to find larger homes or to flee crime in years past; that percentage now hovers between 60 and 70 percent, he told the newspaper. An urban affairs professor likened the experience of graduates who have moved to American cities with a renewed focus on entertainment and transit to an extension of dorm life. "Cities assumed that they would get to the business of improving schools and providing more family services later," the professor told the newspaper. "Well, now it's later."
In Atlanta, the number of 25-to 34-year olds with four year college degrees or higher swelled by 61 percent between 2000 and 2009. But the population boost enjoyed by other cities didn't materialize here. To understand why, look deeper.
The 2010 Census showed the city of Atlanta had grown by a mere 3,500 people since 2000, despite the obvious influx of condo and apartment dwellers to many neighborhoods. As Creative Loafing noted that year, the unimpressive population growth might not be because people weren't moving to Atlanta, but rather because some people, blindsided by an economic collapse, moved out. The demolition of public housing — and high-vacancy rates in struggling neighborhoods hit hard by foreclosures and mortgage fraud — is thought to have played a significant role.
If you live intown, share your philosophy on leaving — for the suburbs or elsewhere — one day. If you moved, share why.
· American cities to Millennials: Don't leave [USA Today]
· Can the Pending ATL Streetcar Transform Downtown [Curbed Atlanta]
· Atlanta's census numbers reveal dip in black population — and lots of people who mysteriously vanished [Creative Loafing]
For those of you who were rejoicing over the rumors of Eileen Davidson‘s departure from The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, I have bad news. But it's good news for those who loved the dishy soap star and her dramatics. Lisa Vanderpump confirmed today that Eileen is back for season 7 – and full time!
When a fan asked her if the rumor they'd heard about Eileen returning as a full time Housewife was true or not, Lisa replied with a simple “True.”
So, there you have it. No guessing games, no speculation, just “true.” Can Lisa Vanderpump be in charge of all casting statements from here on?
RELATED: YOLANDA FOSTER CONFIRMS SHE'S NOT COMING BACK TO RHOBH
So, what do you think, BH fans? Will you give Eileen a chance to redeem her bad behavior from last season? Do you think she can return the fun Eileen from her first season on the show?
Photo Credit: Bravo TV
Save
Save
Save
Italians have been left spluttering into their spaghetti over a French attempt to reinvent their treasured national dish, Pasta alla Carbonara, as a quick “one-pot” meal.
A video demonstrating the recipe has been viewed 1.3 million times and has gone viral in Italy, where thousands of people have shared it on social networks with mocking comments such as “stick to the frogs legs” and “you've already got the Mona Lisa, leave the Carbonara alone”.
The 36-second video shows pasta being boiled in the same saucepan as lardons of bacon — a travesty for Italians. They were further outraged by the addition of onions and crème fraîche to the recipe. The final insult comes when the video ends with a raw egg being plopped on top of the cooked dish.
According to a long-standing Italian tradition, carbonara is made with spaghetti, bacon, eggs, Pecorino cheese and freshly ground pepper. Italians say the French version gets everything wrong, both the ingredients and the method.
Such is the horror inspired by the new Gallic take on their traditional dish, that Italians are dubbing it “carbonara-gate” and some have even — tongue in cheek — urged the prime minister, Matteo Renzi, to intervene.
“Five minutes silence for the death of carbonara in France,” commented a Facebook group called ‘Sai coma manga?' (how do you eat?). “Forgive them, for they know not what they do”.
Even Italy's leading pasta producer, Barilla, waded into the row, after realising that a box of its pasta had been used in the offending video.
“Mon Dieu! We are open to all creative interpretations of the mythical carbonara, but this goes too far….Désolé! (French for sorry),” Barilla wrote on its Facebook page. “Try to erase the image of the boiled bacon with this recipe of our own chef” it urged readers, posting a link to a more traditional recipe.
The French are notoriously disdainful about other national cuisines. Jacques Chirac, the former president, famously said of the British: “One cannot trust people whose cuisine is so bad”. It seems the French are now getting a taste of their own medicine — and a slice of humble pie.
“It is awful,” sniffed a French chef of Italian origin, Lorelei Negro. “It's as if we had made bourguignon with lamb and white wine!”
Her sentiments were echoed in the many comments posted in Italy, such as: “Who would want to eat that unless they were being tortured”, “Attention please, this French video is not suitable for those of a sensitive disposition”, and “If my grandmother had seen this, she would have thrown her slippers at the screen!”.
But the storm in a saucepan may soon blow over. The French site, démotivateur.fr, has taken down the offending recipe and replaced it with a “real” one.
The offending "Carbo" recipe:
Onions, lardons of bacon and farfalle pasta are placed in a pot.
After 15 minutes of cooking with a little water on low heat, a tablespoon of crème fraîche and a raw egg are added, and parmesan cheese and pepper are sprinkled on top.
The Paradox of Akrasia
and
How to Trick Yourself Into Making Smarter Choices
Imagine what you'll be like one year from now. Of course you'll be smarter, healthier, and more successful in every possible way. This is our projected self. The greater the disparity between our projected self and actual self, the more unhappy we are. Being unhappy sucks, so it's a no-brainer that as the rational, dopamine-seeking beings that we are, we'll do whatever it takes to align to our projected self... right? Fast forward a year and odds are you'll be in the same place that you started; no bad habits broken nor good habits kept. One study found that only 8% of people who set New Year's resolutions accomplish their goals and 44% quit before the first month [0] . Well what happened? The short story is that we got lazy. Despite our best intentions, we slowly fall into our old ways. Quitting after gaining new information is not always a bad thing. Maybe you learn that running a marathon is just not your thing; that's okay. However, if you truly want to accomplish something, you shouldn't let laziness become your hurdle.
Why are we lazy?
Like all successful species we're built to reproduce. The intelligence of our human brain took us leaps and bounds past other species in optimizing for the ability to survive and therein become efficient reproducers. This generic tool did a great service for the reproductive capability of the species, but there was no way to restrict it to only focus on reproduction. Of course our genes didn't build a brain without strings attached. The genes have engineered a brain that could be manipulated in real time with the help of neurotransmitters; dopamine, which heightens the attraction between individuals, oxytocin, the "cuddle hormone", and norepinephrine to get us out of bed in the morning, just to name a few. Sometimes you can actually feel the different "strings" being pulled. "Directly after copulation, the devil's laughter is heard". The "devil's laughter" that Schopenhauer is referring to is the realization that despite our higher intelligence, we're still slaves to our genes. Because our genes are optimizing for reproduction we often act in a way that does not rationally align with our goals (which I presume is more than just making babies).
Laziness is another example of a genes vs intelligence conflict. To conserve precious calories (wild cheese burgers are hard to come by) we're genetically wired to be lazy; however we're ironically miserable as a result of our laziness. In a study from the University of Chicago [1] , when given the option to wait 15 minutes at the current location or make a 15 minute round-trip walk to another location to submit a paper, only 32% of participants chose to make the walk. They performed a separate experiment where they did not give the participants an option but instead randomly chose some participants to stay idle and some to make the walk to the more distant location. The participants that were forced to walk reported higher satisfaction in the experience than the people who stayed. Is it that we are bad at predicting the type of things that makes us happy? According to the study, that's not the case. A third group of participants is asked to predict which task would lead to greater happiness. A majority of the participants accurately predicted that the busy task would produce greater happiness than the idle task. The paradox is that we will willingly choose the path of the least happiness. Laziness is that disagreeable friend of our business partner (our genes) whom we're forced to hang out with simply because we share the same investment.
It might be a bit depressing realizing that when it comes to laziness, the cards are stacked against us. It's true that if we're optimizing for the intelligent self, too often weaknesses are introduced by the selfish drive of the genes. However, occasionally there's a silver lining and we can make these weaknesses our allies. Here are three examples of how you can make human fallacies work in your favor, specifically to help with self control.
Nudging to a Better Tomorrow
Richard Thaler and Cass Sunstein describe a way to leverage our laziness for good. The idea of a "nudge" is to set a steady-state which is likely optimal for the individual. In order to move away from this optimal steady state, it requires work; which our lazy selves are reluctant to do. For example, many people find it hard to have the self-control to save money for retirement. A study published in 2011 by the National Bureau of Economics [2] found that nearly half of US citizens could not cope with an unexpected cost of $2000, even if they were given one month to do so... WTF! To help mitigate this terrifying vulnerability, Thaler and Sunstein recommend that employers create expertly designed default retirement plans for their employees [3] . These retirement plans would be near optimal for a majority of the employees and would require some extra work on the employees behalf to opt out for a different plan.
Keep reading, you've already come this far...
The sunk cost fallacy is the propensity for humans to allow their past investments to influence their future ones. When investing in stocks, the amount of money you have lost [or gained] should not influence your current decision to buy or sell. Our decision should only be affected by our prediction of the future price, yet we all have a little voice rationalizing, "I've already invested so much, I should continue investing to see it out". However, the sunk cost fallacy can sometimes work in your favor. Exercise is an investment of time and effort. What you eat and future investments in exercise should be made independent of the cost you've already sunk. However, the sunk cost fallacy will make it more likely that you will eat healthy and continue exercising so that you can reinforce the idea that your previous investment was not wasted.
Pain in the Butt
Your past reality is what you remember it to be. We're more or less likely to perform the same task based on how pleasant or painful we remember that task to be. Multiple experiments have found that your memory of a certain task is independent of the duration of the task. What matters most in the way we remember an experience is the peak pain and the very last moments of the experience (sometimes this is referred to as the peak-end rule). A study by Kahneman, Redelmeier, and Katz found that colonoscopy patients rated the experience as less painful and were more likely to return simply by leaving the scope in an extra three, unnecessary minutes [4] ! This extra three minutes minutes of doing literally nothing made the end of the experience less painful, causing the memory of the event to be regarded as more pleasant.
Often we choose the lazy route because we dread a task due to its inherent unpleasantness. The duration neglect bias would tell us that when performing such a task, we should extend the duration as long as possible to get the most done, while trying to evenly distribute the discomfort and minimize the displeasure at the end of the task.
Your turn
Have other nifty examples on how to trick your brain into submission? Add them to the comments.
See Also
Escalation of Commitment
References
[0] https://www.researchgate.net/publication/223679624_The_resolution_solution_Longitudinal_examination_of_New_Year's_change_attempts
[1] http://home.uchicago.edu/~xyang4/papers/Idleness%20Aversion.pdf
[2] http://www.nber.org/papers/w17072
[3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nudge_(book)#Retirement_saving
[4] https://www.amherst.edu/system/files/media/0678/colonoscopy%25202.pdf
James Cheshire of Spatial Analysis has visualised British, Dutch and Spanish historical shipping records to produce maps of 18th Century shipping trade routes
Last month we looked at an example of an old mapping style being applied to modern data. This time it's the other way round. James Cheshire, of Spatial Analysis, has taken historical records of shipping routes between 1750 and 1800 and plotted them using modern mapping tools.
The first map, above, shows journeys made by British ships. Cross-Atlantic shipping lanes were among the busiest, but the number of vessels traveling to what was than called the East Indies - now India and South-East Asia - also stands out when compared to Dutch and Spanish records (see below).
If you look carefully you can also make out Captain Cook's voyages, including his two global circumnavigations.
Dutch shiping routes 1750-1800 visualised using modern mapping technologies. Illustration: James Cheshire, Spatial Analysis CLICK FOR FULL SIZE IMAGE
This second map shows the same data for Dutch boats. The routes are closely matched to the British ones, although the number of journeys is noticeably smaller.
You can also see the scattering of journeys made by Dutch ships to Svalbard, off the North coast of the Norwegian mainland.
Spanish shiping routes 1750-1800 visualised using modern mapping technologies. Illustration: James Cheshire, Spatial Analysis CLICK FOR FULL SIZE IMAGE
The third map shows Spanish shipping routes, and immediately stands out from the other two. Spanish captains crossed the Atlantic further south than their British and Dutch counterparts, and a large number of journeys rounded Cape Horn before continuing up the West Coast of South America.
The data used to produce these maps was digitised by the Climatological Databse for the World's Oceans and is available for public download here.
If these visualisations have piqued your interest, Ben Schmidt, of Sapping Attention has used the same data to create two animations of the journeys over time.
In the video below, Ben has taken data for all three nations' vessels between 1750 and 1850 and compressed them into one twelve month span to show seasonal patterns. Every journey has been visualised, with ships colour-coded by nation.
• Who made these graphics? James Cheshire and Ben Schmidt respectively
• Where can I find them? Spatial Analysis and Sapping Attention
NEW! Buy our book
• Facts are Sacred: the power of data (on Kindle)
More open data
Data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian
World government data
• Search the world's government data with our gateway
Development and aid data
• Search the world's global development data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data?
• Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group
• Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
• Like us on Facebook
Now that the Windows 10 Anniversary Update is out, Microsoft has shifted focus over to the next major update for Windows 10 codenamed 'Redstone 2'. As Insiders, it's our job to help Microsoft test these major updates weeks and months in advance, so it should come as no surprise to hear Microsoft is now ready to begin a new round of preview builds for Insiders.
Sources who are familiar with the matter say Microsoft is aiming to get the first Redstone 2 build out for Insiders this week at the earliest, with the latest time being sometime next week. Microsoft is wasting no time in getting the next major update for Windows 10 tested by Insiders, and that's exciting given Insiders have had to wait a few weeks since the last build dropped.
Core Insider Program on Twitter has heard that the build Microsoft wants to drop first is build 14901, which according to my contacts has been in internal testing since Saturday. If internal testing has gone well, we should see this build drop this week. If not, then we'll see a drop happen next week instead.
Regardless, Microsoft is now ready to start dropping Redstone 2 builds for Insiders and begin testing and collecting feedback, which is exciting, to say the least.
Stay tuned at Windows Central for more regarding Windows 10 Insider Preview builds and Windows 10 Redstone 2 news.
Britain's decision to leave the EU was the result of a "catfight in the Conservative party that got out of hand", a senior Brexit negotiator has claimed, as he predicted the next generation of Britons would take us back into the bloc.
"There will be a young man or woman who will try again, who will lead Britain again into the European family once again, and a young generation that will see Brexit for what it really is," Guy Verhofstadt, the leader of the EU parliament's Liberal Alliance group, said.
He went on to claim that Brexit was caused by a "catfight in the Conservative party that got out of hand - a loss of time, a waste of energy and a stupidity."
It came as the EU parliament in Strasbourg voted overwhelmingly in favour of the "red lines" on Brexit negotiations as set out by senior Brussels chiefs.
The resolution demands that EU and UK citizens receive "reciprocal treatment," that the final deal should not be a "trade-off" between trade and security, and that the UK pay the costs linked to its withdrawal. It also says that the European Banking Authority and European Medicines Agency should be moved out of London to an EU member state.
Ubuntu Developer Tools Center, a project to allow easy installation of common developer tools, has reached version 0.2. With this release, the project was renamed to Ubuntu Make, based on name proposals from the community.
For now, Canonical is focusing on Android developers with Ubuntu Make, allowing easy installation of Android Studio and Eclipse, but in the future, the tool will also target Go, web and Dart developers.
Ubuntu Make 0.2 was released today and and besides the name change, it brings a fix for the Android Studio installation, which reached the 1.0 milestone and also, ADT was removed because "upstream doesn't provide any bundle anymore as this tools is deprecated in favor of Android Studio", mentions the Ubuntu Make was released today and and besides the name change, it brings a fix for the Android Studio installation, which reached the 1.0 milestone and also, ADT was removed because "", mentions the Ubuntu Make changelog
It's also important to mention that Android Studio doesn't ship with the Android SDK any more but it can be installed from the Android Studio Setup Wizard:
With Software Center (or indeed any repo) someone has to build packages and submit them, with this, they don't. They get the latest crack with one command", so it looks like it's simply easier to provide these tools with Ubuntu Make. Why doesn't Canonical provide these tools directly in Ubuntu Software Center? None of Didier Roche 's (the main Ubuntu Make developer) articles mention this however, Alan Pope , Engineering Manager at Canonical, posted a comment on WebUpd8 a while back, saying that "", so it looks like it's simply easier to provide these tools with Ubuntu Make.
Install Ubuntu Make
The latest Ubuntu Make is already available in the Ubuntu 15.04 Vivid Vervet official repositories so if you're using Vivid, install it via Ubuntu Software Center or using the following command:
sudo apt-get install ubuntu-make
Ubuntu 14.04 and 14.10 users can install Ubuntu Make by using its official PPA (the PPA has changed so if you've added the old UDTC PPA, remove it and add this one instead!). To add the PPA and install Ubuntu Make, use the commands below:
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:ubuntu-desktop/ubuntu-make sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install ubuntu-make
You can then use the new "umake" command ("udtc" still works for now) to install Android Studio and / or Eclipse in Ubuntu.
umake android
umake ide eclipse
To remove Android Studio or Eclipse, simply append "--remove" at the end of the commands above. For instance, to remove Eclipse, use:
umake ide eclipse --remove
If you want to help with the Ubuntu Developer Tools Center development, report bugs, etc., check out its GitHub page.
To install Android Studio using Ubuntu Make, use:To install Eclipse, use:("umake ide" also works, but when the tool will get support for more IDEs, this will install all of them)
Members of the Department of Defense's Ebola Military Medical Support Team go through special training at San Antonio Military Medical Center. (Photo11: Eric Gay, AP)
When physicians at the Nebraska Medical Center got their first Ebola case in September, they knew they'd rely heavily on sophisticated blood-test machines to monitor the man's condition. They didn't expect the virus might leave the machines incapacitated for longer than the patient.
Several leading manufacturers of high-tech diagnostic devices have alerted hospital laboratories that they will restrict service, support and warranties for equipment used to test blood and organ functions for Ebola patients. Fearing infections, some decline to have their technicians perform tuning and maintenance the expensive devices often require. Others advise labs to quarantine the equipment after use on Ebola patients or even destroy it – a policy that one company's own CEO calls "the dumbest" approach imaginable.
Hospital officials, including some involved in treating the few U.S. patients who have gotten Ebola, see many of the restrictions as irrational. They cite guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which advises that devices used to test biological samples from Ebola patients can be disinfected and reused safely. They note that the same equipment has been used for years to test blood from patients with other infectious diseases, such as HIV and hepatitis, and reused without problems.
"If this unfounded behavior continues, it could significantly impact the way hospitals care for these people," says Steven Hinrichs, chair of pathology and microbiology at the University of Nebraska and its affiliated hospital, which has treated two Ebola patients successfully. "These are good machines, we wanted to use them, but some (manufacturers) are saying you have to incinerate them if you do, so we had to find an alternative."
An ambulance carrying an American freelance cameraman who contracted Ebola in Liberia, Ashoka Mukpo, arrives at the Nebraska Medical Center on Oct. 6 in Omaha. (Photo11: Eric Francis, Getty Images)
As fear of Ebola has spread across the general population, raising debates over traveler screenings, quarantine policies, even school closures, the medical community has encountered its own set of fears and "abundance-of-caution" policies. Some, such as the reluctance of some clinicians to treat infected patients, were expected. But health officials have been surprised by the restrictive policies manufacturers put on blood-testing equipment, which is critical for constant monitoring of Ebola patients' electrolyte levels and organ functions.
Concerns about the restrictive equipment policies were raised Thursday at a meeting of a CDC lab safety advisory committee, which includes officials from an array of hospitals. The agency's position is that "U.S. clinical laboratories can safely handle specimens from (Ebola) patients," but it reminds labs that "strict adherence" to safety protocols is especially important with those samples.
LAB CONCERNS WIDESPREAD
Despite the CDC's reassurances, concerns about handling Ebola samples in lab environments are widespread.
The nation's four big commercial diagnostic laboratories, which do specialized tests on blood and tissue for thousands of hospitals and doctors across the country, announced that they will not accept blood or tissue samples from Ebola patients.
Those policies aren't likely to have any immediate impact because the commercial labs aren't supposed to get Ebola samples at this point. The CDC and designated state public health labs handle all confirmatory tests for the virus. Any follow-up lab work on infected patients is done at the hospitals treating them.
Still, the policies are getting attention in the medical community. That's partly because all four of the commercial lab services – Quest Diagnostics, LabCorp, ARUP Laboratories and Mayo Medical Laboratories – are well-versed in handling specimens containing dangerous pathogens, yet they nevertheless have adopted unprecedented restrictions on Ebola samples, citing concerns about worker safety and the risks of shipping samples to their labs.
"There's a generalized panic, and people in health care are not immune," says Amesh Adalja, a Pittsburgh physician on the Public Health Committee of the Infectious Diseases Society of America. "We deal with a lot of blood-borne pathogens in lab settings, and there are adequate safety procedures (for Ebola). … But people are more comfortable making a decision that allows them to not actually make decisions, so they just say, 'We're not going to deal with this.' "
AN UNWELCOME SURPRISE
At Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, doctors had three days' notice before getting the first U.S. Ebola cases – a doctor and a woman, both Americans, infected doing relief work in Liberia. They decided to do blood testing in a small lab in the isolation unit where the patients were treated, reasoning that it would limit the need to move infectious material through the hospital for analysis in its main lab – and cut the risk of having to close the main lab for cleanup from a spill.
Emory University Hospital in Atlanta treated several American Ebola patients, including one who has never been identified. (Photo11: Kevin C. Cox, Getty Images)
Several weeks later – after both patients were cured and released – an e-mail was circulated by Abaxis, the manufacturer of a portable blood-testing device, the "Piccolo," that Emory's doctors used to monitor the patients' blood in the isolation lab.
The e-mail advised that Abaxis had finalized a new service and warranty policy for the $14,000 device: "The policy calls for the Piccolo to be incinerated after its use of testing Ebola patients."
The directive "put us in a bit of a quandary," says James Ritchie, director of Emory Medical Laboratories. By the time it came out, the lab already had decided on a method for cleaning the Piccolos, and Ritchie and his staff were confident that their approach was effective. Besides, he adds, the Ebola virus doesn't live long outside the body, so if the device were just locked away for a few weeks, any live virus would be gone.
Other equipment manufacturers also announced restrictions. For example, Sysmex, which makes a hematology analyzer used at Emory and many other labs, advised that it would not have its technicians service equipment from isolation wards used for Ebola patients.
James Ritchie says the immediate impact of stricter rules at Emory has been manageable because the hospital is keeping its Ebola isolation unit intact and equipment used on those patients will remain there for the foreseeable future. (Photo11: handout)
In a statement to USA TODAY, Sysmex said its policy addresses concerns about contamination risks for technicians, who could be sidelined by even the suspicion they might be infected. "Having employees isolated or placed in quarantine could potentially have an adverse impact on our resources available to serve many of our customers," the company said.
The immediate impact at Emory has been manageable, Ritchie says, because the hospital is keeping its Ebola isolation unit intact and equipment used on those patients will remain there for the foreseeable future. Sysmex has offered to train hospital technicians to service its devices in that unit, he says. Other equipment, such as the Piccolo, also will remain in use.
Ritchie compares the Ebola concerns to the fears surrounding HIV when it emerged in the 1980s. As with HIV, "we've had incidents where people have said things like, 'If those samples are coming into the lab, we're not coming to work,' " he says. "The fear factor is really great right now. I think you have to really just keep talking it down."
THE 'DUMBEST' POLICY
Clinton Severson, CEO of Abaxis, says he was unaware of the incineration policy issued for Piccolos until after it had been sent to hospitals.
Clinton Severson, CEO of Abaxis, says he was unaware of the incineration policy issued for Piccolos until after it already had been sent to hospitals. (Photo11: handout)
"Technically, that is the policy, because somebody wanted a policy and if nobody has been given any guidelines, I guess the safest thing to say is to blow it up," he says. "But when people recommended that to me, I said, 'That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life.' "
Severson says the company decided to leave the policy in place while it investigated alternatives, and it has validated a cleaning protocol that will ensure Piccolos used to analyze Ebola samples can be reused for the general hospital population. A policy that outlines those cleaning protocols will be issued in the coming weeks, he says.
Hospital officials say the uncertainty surrounding manufacturers' policies on diagnostic equipment adds to an already complex equation as their institutions scramble to prepare for Ebola patients.
"It's a pretty big hurdle for clinical labs to be prepared to provide lab testing to patients known or suspected to have Ebola," says Daniel Diekema, president of the Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America and head of the infectious disease division at the University of Iowa College of Medicine. "One of the concerns, because of these messages from (equipment makers), is: Are we going to have to buy all new equipment and make a large capital investment."
Some of the machines involved cost tens of thousands of dollars.
Diekema expects more companies will adjust their policies as the initial fear and misinformation about Ebola subsides. Abaxis is not the only one that says its policies are evolving.
At Quest, the biggest of the commercial diagnostic labs, officials say their policy of refusing all Ebola samples could change as more information on the virus becomes available.
"To protect the health and safety of our employees and patients, we thought it was prudent to limit our handling of specimens to patients who have been certified as Ebola-free," Quest spokeswoman Wendy Bost says. "We continue to evaluate the situation and would consider amending our current policy if there were a compelling public health need."
As the uncertainty around Ebola policies lingers, some hospitals have decided simply to focus on what's immediately necessary to care for any patients – and worry about the equipment issues later.
"Yes, I'm annoyed that instrument manufacturers are acting the way they're acting, but that's not my primary concern – my primary concern is to be ready for these patients and to care for them," says Ron Lepoff, clinical lab director at the University of Colorado Hospital.
"This virus only lasts 21 days on a dry surface, so we can always just let (the equipment) sit behind a locked door for four weeks and then look at how to clean it," Lepoff says. "If worst comes to worst and we have to throw it out, I wouldn't be happy about it. But if it means the life of one patient, I'll throw the thing in the incinerator myself."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u4d5bs
This guide was created to help players stick to the original canon colors and uniforms as seen in the various series and films. Since then it has been expanded to include canon in-game uniforms and their coloration. The canon colors presented in this guide have been heavily tested against the in-game lighting and matched for accuracy with similar lighting in the shows. Notice that they have been labeled as per the usual positions the colors were used to designate in the shows and movies, not by the generalized Tactical, Engineering and Science careers they are used to designating in game.
For those that crave more accuracy, it was created using a Dell E198WFP Monitor with the Color preset Normal and Color Profile sRGB IEC61966-2.1 (default settings for most PCs and Monitors).
Note that additional uniform guide entries have been added by other user(s), so Dell Monitor usage will not apply to all entries.
Story highlights Mark Karpeles was detained Saturday
Mt.Gox was one of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges until last year
(CNN) Japanese police have arrested the head of the Mt.Gox bitcoin exchange company over the loss of a "massive amount" of the virtual online currency.
Mark Karpeles was detained Saturday, the Tokyo-based company said in a statement.
He is suspected of accessing the exchange's computer system and falsifying data to change the outstanding balance, Japan's Kyodo News Agency reported ,citing the Metropolitan Police Department.
A day earlier, a report emerged that Karpeles was going to be arrested, prompting him to send a message to The Wall Street Journal describing the allegations as "false." He told the paper that he planned to deny them.
Mt.Gox was one of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges until February last year, when it stopped investors from accessing money after becoming the target of online hackers.
Read More
The Saskatchewan Roughriders announced today national punter Josh Bartel has signed an extension to remain with the team through 2019.
Bartel has spent two of his four CFL seasons with the Green and White after entering the league with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in 2012. The Australian-born punter was originally acquired by the Riders prior to the 2014 season. After sitting out the 2015 season, the 31-year-old returned to Saskatchewan for 2016.
Last year, Bartel had 134 punts for 6,046 yards (45.1 average) with an 86-yard long and four singles while leading the league with 18 punts finishing inside the opposition's 10-yard line.
Through 67 regular-season games, Bartel has totaled 469 punts for 20,566 yards (43.9 average) and 15 singles. He was named an East Division All-Star in 2012 and 2013.
“I am pleased to remain with the team through the next few seasons,” Bartel said from his home in Australia. “It is exciting to see what is going on around the club with the talent on the roster, a great coaching staff, and opening the new stadium. I definitely wanted to continue being a part of that.”
Apple is now releasing test builds via Software Update to developers with access to the latest test builds of Mac OS X 10.6. The latest build, 10A402, includes a number of fixes and optimizations, as well as two new visual UI changes.
So far, some of the changes that have been uncovered in the 1.3GB update include a fix for Expos� issues when used with multiple monitors as well as activation of third-party preference panes. Reports also indicate that overall system performance has significantly improved, with notable increases in speed and responsiveness as well as decreases in startup and shutdown times. It also appears that battery life indicators are showing much longer estimated running times, though as of yet no tests can confirm that the times are accurate.
A couple interesting UI changes accompanied the new build as well. The most obvious visual change is that contextual menus in the Dock now use a semi-transperent black background with white text, much like that of the current Stacks view. This is in contrast to the current contextual menus, or folders set to list view, which show a light gray background with black text. The Quantum Byte speculates that it is part of the rumored "Marble" interface theme that is expected to be featured in Snow Leopard.
From left to right: 10.5 sliders, iLife '09 sliders, 10.6 sliders
Adding some credence to that idea is the new appearance of sliders in the newest test build. "Marble" is said to be very similar to the overall UI look of iLife '09, introduced this past January. You'll notice that the appearance of the new slider controls is the same as those in iTunes 8 and iPhoto '09.
Apple still has just under three months left to ship Snow Leopard by its promised September release. The tweaks and optimizations are a good sign that things are progressing on schedule, but the UI changes may be a sign that Apple is saving a few small things to wow us with when it finally hits store shelves.
Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway told Fox News' "Hannity" Monday night that an FBI investigation into possible ties between the Russian government and President Trump's campaign associates has "nothing to show for it."
"We've had eight months and I'm not sure they've advanced the ball at all," Conway told Fox News' Sean Hannity hours after FBI Director James Comey confirmed that the bureau was probing Moscow's attempts to interfere in the 2016 presidential campaign. The investigation includes, in Comey's words, "whether there was any coordination between the [Trump] campaign and Russia's efforts."
COMEY CONFIRMS FBI PROBING RUSSIA-TRUMP TEAM LINKS, DISPUTES WIRETAP CLAIM
The White House, including Trump himself, has repeatedly denied any collusion between the campaign and the Kremlin.
Conway added that "the unmasking of an American citizen through these intelligence leaks should concern everyone," a reference to former national security adviser Gen. Michael Flynn. Flynn was fired last month after details of phone conversations between him and Russia's ambassador to Washington were leaked to the Washington Post.
Turning to the House GOP's bill to replace ObamaCare, Conway told Hannity that she was "confident that we'll get the votes" to pass the bill in the House Thursday.
Conway, who met with House Republican whips on Capitol Hill earlier Monday, said that Trump and Vice President Mike Pence "did not delegate or abdicate the details [of the health care bill] to anyone else."
Conway called ObamaCare "the most intrusive, invasive, expensive and expansive law – entitlement – that we've had in generations" and said Trump was keeping his promise to repeal it "by negotiating, by listening, by improving and making progress on the bill with leaders in the House and the Senate and, of course, our governors who control the Medicaid dollars."
The AI.LA meetup is proud to announce a new speaker series "New Realities" in partnership with Koder, Cross Campus, and LA's BEST after school enrichment program.
All ticket proceeds benefit after school digital learning programs for underserved youth in the city of LA run by LA's BEST.
Why attend?
Debunk the hype around AI
Explore the intersections between VR and Artificial Intelligence
Gain insight on the most entertaining advancements in new technologies
Discuss biases in data and creator when developing an AI
VR demos
Food and beer will be provided thanks to our partners!
Your Speakers
Natascha French - CMO of VNTANA, the world's only interactive holograms with data collection to wow consumers while quantifying engagement. Their patented augmented reality platform empowers CMOs from Nike to Lexus to Disney to create engaging experiences, generate leads, and convert sales. It is the only solution on the market that allows consumers to interact with holograms of their favorite athlete, celebrity or product with out wearables, creating an unforgettable VIP experience while capturing real-time data.
Christine Meinders - an AI designer/researcher who uses collaborative and inclusive design approaches to co-author social AI projects and AI design tools. As a researcher and student designer, obtaining her second master's degree in Media Design Practices at ArtCenter College of Design, her research has focused on the design and utilization of emotion analysis in intelligent agents, inclusive design in AI, and collaborative design for embodiment in hybrid spaces.
Khayyam Wakil - VR Strategy & Innovation / Creative Partnerships at Live Planet. Khayyam is an award-winning creative and futurist with over a decade of dedicated service in the digital arts with deep seeded roots as an entrepreneur. He is widely known and well respected as a speaker, influencer and innovator. With every new medium that technology iterates upon, Khayyam has adapted and broken every pattern to find different pathways to different outcomes.
Ross Mead - Founder and CEO of Semio, an LA-based software startup developing an operating system, natural language user interfaces, and an app ecosystem for personal and commercial robots. Ross received his PhD and MS in Computer Science at the University of Southern California in 2015, and his BS in Computer Science from Southern Illinois University Edwardsville in 2007. His overarching work focuses on using AI and machine learning to create autonomous social behavior recognition and synthesis systems to bring robotic characters to life.
Sabri Sansoy - an MIT-educated, seasoned entrepreneur with a passion for Artificial Intelligence. As one of the world's leading AI experts, he most recently helped the team of IBM Watson, Marchesa & Ogilvy in making the world-publicized “Cognitive Dress” worn by supermodel Karolina Kurkova at the 2016 NY Met Gala. During the event the internet connected dress would change colors based on the sentiment of tweets evaluated by IBM Watson's Tone Analyser. He recently launched a company, called Orchanic, which specializes in the AI subfields of Machine/Deep Learning, Robotics, Computer Vision, iOT and Chatbots.
Your Moderator
Todd Terrazas - Co-Founder & CEO of Brainitch, an Applied AI technology company developing intelligent research tools for capturing and analyzing audience data to revolutionize consumer-centric strategies for the world's smartest brands. Todd is an emotionally intelligent human who loves challenging the status quo. Todd received his BA in Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California in 2010 and has been tinkering with technology and the Internet since the age of 11. Todd runs the AI.LA meetup group and holds a patent for a Bluetooth Low Energy Emergency Response System. Todd's ‘why': Develop a culture of honesty and goodwill.
Partners
Koder is developers-as-a-service platform that connects companies with teams of elite developers, designers, CTOs and Product Managers to deliver results. Through Koder's monthly pay-as-you-go subscription service, anyone can get an elite team of engineers to build their next idea, meticulously managed by a Silicon Valley or LA-based Product Manager and CTO.
Cross Campus is a leading collaborative, on-­demand work space and business event venue. Its vision is to re-­imagine the office by creating a more inspiring, productive and socially connected environment for startups, entrepreneurs and creative professionals.
LA's BEST provides an enriching after school program to 25,000 kids each school day at 193 elementary schools across Los Angeles with the highest needs and fewest resources in economically distressed neighborhoods. Their programming goes beyond basic education to instill healthy values and to build skill sets in fields such as digital learning, science and the arts. LA's BEST students are more likely to stay in school and graduate high school.
Jupiter's 'missing' brown stripe makes a comeback as weather on giant planet changes
One of Jupiter's stripes that 'disappeared' last spring is now showing signs of a comeback, Nasa has confirmed.
Earlier this year, amateur astronomers noticed that a longstanding dark-brown stripe, known as the South Equatorial Belt, just south of Jupiter's equator, had turned white.
Now scientists believe it has returned.
These new observations will help scientists better understand the interaction between Jupiter's winds and the clouds that circle the planet.
Jupiter's South Equatorial Band has been seen to change colours before, although the change has never been recorded in such detail. Far infrared images, depicted in red, show a powerful storm system is active above the returning dark belt
‘The reason Jupiter seemed to 'lose' this band - camouflaging itself among the surrounding white bands - is that the usual downwelling winds that are dry and keep the region clear of clouds died down,' said Glenn Orton, a Nasa research scientist.
‘One of the things we were looking for in the infrared was evidence that the darker material emerging to the west of the bright spot was actually the start of clearing in the cloud deck, and that is precisely what we saw.'
This white cloud deck is made up of white ammonia ice. When the white clouds float at a higher altitude, they obscure the missing brown material, which floats at a lower altitude.
Every few decades or so, the South Equatorial Belt turns completely white for perhaps one to three years, an event that has puzzled scientists for decades.
This extreme change in appearance has only been seen with the South Equatorial Belt, making it unique to Jupiter and the entire solar system.
The white band was not the only change on the big, gaseous planet. At the same time, Jupiter's Great Red Spot became a darker red colour.
Would you pay a subscription to remove ads from webpages? Google -- which earns most of its revenue from advertising -- is testing a service that lets you block ads for a small monthly fee.
It may sound crazy, but perhaps with this project Google will create a solution for website micropayments. Simply speaking, it means you can toss a few cents into a website's tip jar, but you pre-pay Google to dish out the change on your behalf. Watch today's CNET Update for the details on Google Contributor:
Now playing: Watch this: Hate ads? Pay Google to block them for you
Also in this tech-news roundup:
Unlike Google, Amazon could be looking into ways of inserting ads into more places. The New York Post reports Amazon is working on a video streaming service that is supported by ads.
Comcast hopes you'll be less annoyed with your service appointment if you can track the cable guy in real time
There's quite a bit of innovation in the smart home space, but not all tech has been perfected yet. Check out CNET's review of the Ubi
CNET Update delivers the tech news you need in under three minutes. Watch Bridget Carey every afternoon for a breakdown of the big stories, hot devices, new apps, and what's ahead. Subscribe to the podcast via the links below.
Subscribe:
iTunes (HD) | iTunes (SD) | iTunes (HQ) | iTunes (MP3)
RSS (HD) | RSS (SD) | RSS (HQ)| RSS (MP3)
Download the audio version of today's episode:
Hate ads? Pay Google to block them for you Your browser does not support the audio element.
A group that includes famed Japanese architects Fumihiko Maki and Kengo Kuma on Wednesday launched a campaign seeking inclusion of gymnasium facilities used in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics on UNESCO's World Cultural Heritage list.
The group of architects aims to have the two buildings in Tokyo's Shibuya Ward that make up the Yoyogi National Gymnasium, and their surroundings, listed as world heritage sites before the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, for which the facility will be used as one of the venues.
“I still remember being overwhelmed by the facility when I first saw it at the time of the last (Tokyo) Olympics,” said Kuma, the designer of the new National Stadium — the main venue for the 2020 Games.
The facility, Kuma said, combines beautiful design and cutting-edge engineering technology at a very high level that is rarely seen in 20th century architecture.
Yoyogi National Gymnasium, located near greenery-rich Yoyogi Park, was completed in August 1964 — 39 days before the opening of the 1964 Olympics — to be used in swimming competitions.
The area had been occupied by the United States, which had a housing complex known as Washington Heights there until the land was returned to Japan to build the gymnasium and athlete's housing for the Olympics.
The facility is used today for sports competitions, live concerts and other events.
Its main building, characterized by its suspension roof, is known as a masterpiece of Kenzo Tange, a world-famous architect regarded as one Japan's most significant of the 20th century.
Tange, who died in 2005 at the age of 91, was also known for designing the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park and Museum, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government building and St. Mary's Cathedral in Tokyo's Bunkyo Ward.
He won the Pritzker Architecture Prize, the architectural equivalent of the Nobel Prize, in 1987.
“If Tange's work is registered, he would be the first Japanese architect whose work will be included on the World Heritage list,” Maki said. “That would be an extremely honorable milestone for us.”
For the 2020 Games, Yoyogi National Gymnasium has been designated part of the so-called Heritage Zone — an area focusing on the legacy of the 1964 Olympics. It will be used for Olympic handball competitions and Paralympic badminton and wheelchair rugby events.
Japan has 20 sites inscribed on the World Heritage list, including Mount Fuji, Himeji Castle in Hyogo Prefecture, and the National Museum of Western Art in Tokyo's Ueno Park. The museum made the list in July as one of the 17 works of Swiss-French architect Le Corbusier.
Simmons had previously said he 'looks forward to the death' of hip-hop
NWA were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame last night alongside Cheap Trick, Deep Purple, Chicago, Steve Miller and songwriter/ producer Bert Berns at a ceremony in at the Barclay's Centre in Brooklyn last night (April 8).
MC Ren used the opportunity to hit back at Kiss frontman Gene Simmons, who criticised rap as a genre recently.
Simmons told Rolling Stone “I am looking forward to the death of rap. I'm looking forward to music coming back to lyrics and melody, instead of just talking. A song, as far as I'm concerned, is by definition lyric and melody… or just melody.”
He added “Rap will die. Next year, 10 years from now, at some point, and then something else will come along. And all that is good and healthy.”
At the ceremony last night, MC Ren responded by saying “I want to say to Mr. Gene Simmons that hip-hop is here forever. We're supposed to be here.”
Ice Cube later added “The question is, ‘Are we rock and roll? And I say you goddamn right we rock ‘n' roll. Rock and roll is not an instrument. It's not even a style of music. It's a spirit that's been going on since the blues, jazz, bebop, soul, rock ‘n' roll, R&B, heavy metal, punk rock, and yes, hip-hop.”
Getty
Sharethrough (Mobile)
NWA declined to reform as a live outfit for the awards, citing “lack of support.”
Ice Cube recently spoke to The New York Times, confirming that the group won't be performing, explaining: “I guess we really didn't feel like we were supported enough to do the best show we could put on.”
Asked whether he perceived a lack of support from the organisers, Ice Cube replied: “Pretty much, yeah. We wanted to do it on a whole other level, and that just couldn't happen.”
He went on to add: “But we're totally honoured, humbled and appreciative to the Hall for even just considering us, inducting us and inviting us.”
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=87249700001
We analysed maximum and minimum temperature data6 from about 4,000 weather stations throughout the conterminous United States (the 48 states not including Alaska and Hawaii) for the period 1971–2000, and compared these to the conditions that prevailed during the three-day aircraft-grounding period. All sites were inspected for data quality and adjusted for the time of observation.
Because the grounding period commenced after the minimum temperatures had been reached on the morning of 11 September and ended before maximum temperatures were attained on 14 September (at noon, Eastern Standard Time), we staggered the calculation of the average diurnal temperature range (DTR) across adjacent days (for example, 11 September maxima minus 12 September minima). We repeated this procedure for the three-day periods immediately before and after the grounding period, and also for the same periods (8–11, 11–14 and 14–17 September) for each year from 1971 to 2000.
DTRs for 11–14 September 2001 measured at stations across the United States show an increase of about 1.1 °C over normal 1971–2000 values (Fig. 1). This is in contrast to the adjacent three-day periods, when DTR values were near or below the mean (Fig. 1). DTR departures for the grounding period are, on average, 1.8 °C greater than DTR departures for the two adjacent three-day periods.
Figure 1: Departure of average diurnal temperature ranges (DTRs) from the normal values derived from 1971–2000 climatology data for the indicated three-day periods in September 2001. These periods included the three days before the terrorist attacks of 11 September; the three days immediately afterwards, when aircraft were grounded and there were therefore no contrails; and the subsequent three days. Full size image
This increase in DTR is larger than any during the 11–14 September period for the previous 30 years, and is the only increase greater than 2 standard deviations away from the mean DTR (s.d., 0.85 °C). Moreover, the 11–14 September increase in DTR was more than twice the national average for regions of the United States where contrail coverage has previously been reported to be most abundant (such as the midwest, northeast and northwest regions)7.
Day-to-day changes in synoptic atmospheric conditions can affect regional DTRs8. In particular, a lack of cloud cover helps to increase the maximum (and reduce the minimum) temperature. Maps of the daily average outgoing long-wave radiation (OLR)9,10 — a proxy for optically thick clouds — show reduced cloudiness (that is, larger OLR) over the eastern half of the United States on 11 September, but more cloud (smaller OLR) over parts of the west. Cloud cover subsequently decreased in the west and increased over much of the eastern half of the country during the next two days, producing predominantly negative three-day OLR changes in the east and positive values in parts of the west.
Our findings indicate that the diurnal temperature range averaged across the United States was increased during the aircraft-grounding period, despite large variations in the amount of cloud associated with mobile weather systems (Fig. 2). We argue that the absence of contrails was responsible for the difference between a period of above-normal but unremarkable DTR and the anomalous conditions that were recorded.
Anthony Caplan is an independent writer, teacher and homesteader in northern New England has just launched his crowdfunding campaign for his novel on Indiegogo.
Litvote: Tell us a little about yourself and your writing.
Anthony: I've been writing fiction for longer than I like to admit. I have three self-published titles and SAVIOR is my first published novel. When I'm not writing I'm teaching high school Spanish, raising three kids and trying to manage a small self-sufficient homestead in central New Hampshire.
Litvote: You are crowd-funding your next book. What's that all about?
Anthony: It's an attempt to raise some funds for publicity and marketing of Savior because it deserves to find an audience and that doesn't happen by accident. I don't mind wearing a hat other than author in order to see the book have some success. The cool thing about crowd funding as it's currently configured is that you don't have to be commercially savvy in terms of marketing know-how. It sometimes pays to be genuinely an amateur.
Litvote: What's SAVIOR about?
Anthony: It's about a son who is attempting to find his father and save the world from destruction — while his father resists despair, torture and brainwashing at the hands of a death cult called the Santos Muertos. At a deeper level, SAVIOR is about a father and son finding faith through sacrifice and love for each other.
Litvote: What was your inspiration for the book?
Anthony: My initial inspiration was the experience of having a son at the beginning of his teenage years and dealing with my own insecurities as he began to assert his independence. Also, I like to explore a topic from different points of view and my previous book was a coming of age novel. I have also always loved a good quest and been an admirer of the classic Tolkien and C.S. Lewis books. So there's a bit of that in Savior.
Litvote: Where should people go if they want to participate in crowd-funding Savior?
Anthony: Here's the Indiegogo website for the SAVIOR project. Please support and share:
http://igg.me/p/552243/x/4945689
SAVIOR Plot Summary:
Needing to reconnect after the death of Mary, the mother and wife who held her family together with her strongly held convictions, Ricky and his father Al are on a surfing vacation in Guatemala on the year anniversary of her death. They come across a long hidden Mayan tablet with a secret code that could bring the world to an end if it gets into the hands of the Santos Muertos, a death cult bent on setting the stage for a global meltdown. Ricky keeps the tablet against his father's wishes, and, in a nighttime raid, Al is kidnapped by the Santos and carried off to their compound beneath the Canadian oil tar belt in northern Alberta, where Ricky must find him and rescue him.
Anthony Caplan Bio:
Anthony Caplan is an independent writer, teacher and homesteader in northern New England. He graduated from Yale University in 1982 and has worked at various times as a shrimp fisherman, environmental activist, journalist, taxi-driver, builder, window-washer, and telemarketer, (the last for only a month, but one week he did win a four tape set of the greatest hits of George Jones for selling the most copies of Time-Life's The Loggers.) Currently, Caplan is working on restoring a 150 year old farmstead where he and his family tend sheep and chickens, grow most of their own vegetables, and have started a small apple orchard from scratch His road novels, BIRDMAN and FRENCH POND ROAD, trace the meanderings of one Billy Kagan, a footloose soul striving after sanity and love in the last years of the last century. LATITUDES – A Story of Coming Home, released in the summer of 2012, is a young boy's transformative journey overcoming dysfunction, dislocation and distance. His new book SAVIOR, a dystopian thriller, will be out from Harvard Square Editions in April, 2014. Connect with Caplan on Facebook, Twitter and Google +.
Sony has set its “Spider-Man” spin-off “Silver and Black” for Feb. 8, 2019.
Gina Prince-Bythewood is directing and will also rewrite the script penned by “Thor: Ragnarok” scribe Chris Yost. A previous draft was written by “Westworld” co-creator Lisa Joy. Matt Tolmach and Amy Pascal are producing the project.
In the comic books, Silver Sable is a mercenary who runs a company that hunts war criminals. Black Cat is burglar named Felicia Hardy, who briefly appeared in “The Amazing Spider-Man 2,” played by Felicity Jones. While both characters exist in Marvel's Spider-Man universe, Prince-Bythewood's film will not be a crossover with the web-slinger.
After acquiring the “Sicario” sequel “Soldado” from Lionsgate, Sony has now dated the pic for June 29, 2018.
Benicio del Toro and Josh Brolin are set to return with Stefano Sollima taking over as director. The first pic was helmed by Denis Villeneuve.
The sequel will continue to center on the escalating war against drugs along the border of the United States and Mexico.
Black Label Media is producing.
Sony also announced that the Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly pic “Holmes & Watson” has moved from Aug. 3, 2018 to Nov. 9, 2018. The next installment of “Bad Boys”, “Bad Boys For Life” has been taken off the calendar
Correction: The article originally had “Black and Silver” as the title, the correct title is “Silver and Black.”
I see that the good people of Iceland, or at any rate some of them, are returning to their old religion.
Icelanders will soon be able to publicly worship at a shrine to Thor, Odin and Frigg with construction starting this month on the island's first major temple to the Norse gods since the Viking age. [Iceland to build first temple to Norse gods since Viking age;The Guardian, February 2, 2015]
This is probably a sign of something or other, though I am not sure what. It brought to my mind an effort I made some years ago to understand the rationalization theories of pioneering sociologist Max Weber.
My effort wasn't very successful. I really have no head for abstract philosophizing, and whatever points I may have grasped have slipped away with the passage of time.
I do recall, though, that Weber made much of the notion of disenchantment when describing the historical development of religious belief. The word is actually more expressive in the German original:Entzauberung.
Zauber is the German word for “magic”; ent- signifies a downgrading or abandonment; so Entzauberung is a de-magicking—or perhaps more accurately, de-sacralizing.
The colorful gods of ancient Europe had had their magic stripped away when monotheism came up, said Weber. More recently, the triumphs of science had sucked the magic out of monotheism, leaving us in a disenchanted world of secular rationalism.
(My dim and fragmentary recollections of Weber's arguments should by no means be relied on as authoritative. If you want to have a go at Weber yourself, the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy has a 10,000-word article on him. Enjoy!)
Perhaps those Icelanders are looking for some re-enchantment, if only in the rather watery, apologetic style of modern Western religiosity.The Guardian reports:
Iceland's neo-pagans still celebrate the ancient sacrificial ritual of Blot with music, reading, eating and drinking, but nowadays leave out the slaughter of animals.
Whether or not they are seeking re-enchantment, dis-enchantment is sometimes to be welcomed. Words have power—magic—and sometimes they have so much of it that we can no longer discuss rationally the things they refer to.
That has been the case with National Question issues for as long as I have been engaged with them. It has especially been the case with immigration. The whole topic has had an aura about it, a glow of magic, which acted as a kind of force field repelling all rational discussion.
I tackled this in my multiverse-spanning 2009 bestseller We Are Doomed:
Immigration is a difficult topic to discuss. The reason it is so difficult is that it has, more I think than any other aspect of U.S. policy, been moralized, in fact hyper-moralized … The complicity of cheerily optimistic conservatives in that hyper-moralizing is perhaps their greatest sin against good sense and proper conservative skepticism… Immigration is just a policy, like farm supports, military recruitment, national parks maintenance, and income tax rates. Goodness, as the lady said, has nothing to do with it.
Those remarks distilled years of experience with mainstream conservatives. You could never get them to engage with immigration. It seemed that in their minds there was something sacrilegious about doing so, something … unclean.
This was especially the case with Jewish conservatives (for them, I suppose, the correct term would be treyf). John Podhoretz, with whom for a while I shared blogging privileges at National Review Online, was particularly splenetic towards anyone who dared suggest that immigration on any scale is other than an unqualified good.
(Although Podhoretz always seemed to me a very nasty piece of work, he did once cause me to smile. At the time of my defenestration from National Review in 2012, Podhoretz tweeted that: “I spent years on NRO's Corner expressing my disgust in ways large and small with John Derbyshire. Now he will reap the whirlwind.” To be dropped from the contributor list of a minor magazine is, in Podhoretz's imagination, to “reap the whirlwind.” This is a guy to whom nothing much has ever happened.)
In the year or so prior to presidential elections in 2004, 2008, and 2012, GOP hopefuls would drop by at National Review to share their thoughts with us. The hopeful would meet with a dozen or so editors and contributors in the magazine's library.
I think it was always the case that I was the only person in the room ever to ask a candidate about immigration policy. As I did so, the other staffers present would squirm and examine their fingernails. I recall thinking, time and again: “What's the matter with you guys? It's just a policy.” (The hopefuls were invariably clueless.)
That was the point, though. Immigration wasn't just a policy: it was a sacrament. To ask questions about it was to pry into divine mysteries.
That seems to be no longer the case. The topic of immigration has lost its magic. It has suffered Entzauberung—disenchantment. National Review now runs immigration-restrictionist articles that would not have been out of place—well, not very out of place—in VDARE ten years ago. TV bigfoots like Bill O'Reilly treat immigration policy as policy, not high morality.
Republicans in Congress now deal with immigration as a front-burner issue, and a few of them—Senator Jeff Sessions, Representative Steve King—stand up forthrightly for American workers and taxpayers, regardless of the inconvenience to foreigners.
It's been a slow sea change, and it's still going on, but immigration patriots can only be hopeful.
Several things are driving the disenchantment. The most newsworthy factors have been Barack Obama's extraordinary initiatives to maximize immigration both legal and illegal, and to displace American workers and to shield criminal aliens from normal law enforcement.
ORDER IT NOW
Probably more important has been the slow-dawning realization among ordinary Americans that continuing mass immigration has not been the boon economists promised. Working- and middle-class Americans can hardly have failed to notice that they are competing for a static pool of jobs with swelling numbers of foreigners.
As you send your resume for the latest job ad, do you ever feel like the labor market is rigged against you? The job boards have turned into such black holes that we need Stephen Hawking to come work out the equations for us. You send your resume in, and it disappears. In 2012, Eric Auld, an unemployed 26-year-old with a master's degree in English, decided to find out what was on the other side of the black hole. He created a fake job ad as an experiment: Administrative Assistant needed for busy Midtown office. Hours are Monday through Friday, nine to five. Job duties include: filing, copying, answering phones, sending e-mails, greeting clients, scheduling appointments. Previous experience in an office setting preferred, but will train the right candidate. This is a full-time position with health benefits. Please e-mail résumé if interested. Compensation: $12-$13 per hour. If you have ever applied for a job like that, I offer my condolences. You have better odds at the casino. Auld received 653 responses in 24 hours. 10% of the applicants had more than 10 years of experience, and 3% of them had master's degrees. Presumably, one of them would get the job. But what does that mean? It means that all the other experienced applicants and master's degree holders would remain unemployed. That is about 64 experienced workers and about 19 workers with master's degrees. The only way to get a job like this is if you are sleeping with the human resources manager. And this is for a job that pays $12 in Manhattan. If this doesn't qualify the United States as a third world country, what will? [Fired Before Hired: How Corporations Rigged The Job Market And Killed The American Dream, by Daniel Drew, Zero Hedge, January 28, 2015]
There is still a long road to travel before we arrive at a sane immigration policy. Big-money interests are still pushing hard for mass immigration. Jeb Bush, an Open-Borders fanatic, is current favorite for the 2016 GOP nomination, with Scott Walker, who is hardly any better, the most credible contender. [The GOP Elite Puts Its Foot Down, By Bill Scher, Politico, February 2, 2015] Polls show a strong uptick in the “dissatisfied with current levels of immigration” number this past few months, but 33 percent are still satisfied. [In U.S., 6 in 10 Dissatisfied With Immigration Levels, by Andrew Dugan, Gallup, January 29, 2013]
The disenchantment of the topic has, though, I believe, been a key development, allowing immigration to be dealt with as we at VDARE.com have always wanted it to be: as policy, with costs and benefits to the American nation weighed calmly in the balance.
And if you miss the enchantment, you could always join the Icelanders in their devotions, although unfortunately you have just missed the midwinter Blot.
John Derbyshire [email him] writes an incredible amount on all sorts of subjects for all kinds of outlets. (This no longer includes National Review, whose editors had some kind of tantrum and fired him. ) He is the author of We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimismand several other books. His most recent book, published by VDARE.com com is FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT (also available in Kindle).His writings are archived at JohnDerbyshire.com.
During a Fox & Friends interview on Thursday morning, Vice President Mike Pence was asked to respond to concern people rightfully have that the latest Trumpcare bill will make it tougher for people with preexisting conditions to obtain and keep health insurance.
“Folks like Jimmy Kimmel, they're worried about the preexisting condition thing, 'cause this will be up to the governors to decide how the money is dispersed, who gets coverage,” host Ainsley Earhardt said. “Can you guarantee that these governors will make sure that preexisting conditions are covered?”
Pence dodged the question with a fake Thomas Jefferson quote.
“Thomas Jefferson said, ‘Government that governs least, governs best,'” Pence said, using a quote that the Thomas Jefferson Foundation says Jefferson never uttered. “I mean the question that people ought to ask is, who do you think will be more responsible to the health care needs in your community? Your governor, your state legislature, or a congressman and a president in a far-off nation's capital. I mean, this is the concept of federalism upon which our constitution was framed.”
NOPE, this is a FAKE quote. Jefferson never said "governs least, governs best."https://t.co/rTr2jNNHif — andrew kaczynski 🤔 (@KFILE) September 21, 2017
The vice president went on lie about how the so-called Graham-Cassidy bill “protects” people with preexisting conditions.
Advertisement
“This legislation — Graham-Cassidy — as its authors have said, contains all the same protections for preexisting conditions as the president indicated,” Pence said. “At the end of the day, we have to recognize that Obamacare has failed, [as] much as its defenders want to deny the facts.”
Trump made that same claim on Twitter on Wednesday evening.
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 20, 2017
Both Pence and Trump are lying. As ThinkProgress previously detailed, Graham-Cassidy allows states to allow discriminating against people with preexisting conditions, charging them more and possibly pricing them out of the market. On Wednesday, ThinkProgress spoke Laura Packard, a self-employed woman with stage 4 cancer who faces a possible $140,000 surcharge on her annual health premium if Graham-Cassidy becomes law.
“I cannot afford [a $140,000 premium] and I suspect most people cannot,” Packard said.
While arguing on behalf of his bill, Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA) is quick to point a provision requiring any state that applies for a waiver to describe “how the state intends to maintain adequate and affordable health insurance coverage for individuals with preexisting conditions.” That's the provision Pence referred to on Fox & Friends.
Advertisement
But as Chris Sloan, senior manager at the health research firm Avalere, told Vox, states “could stretch the definition pretty broadly of what counts.”
“Maybe you fund a high-risk pool that only allows in some number of people, and that counts,” he said. “It's a pretty wide space.”
An analysis by Andy Slavitt, who ran the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services under President Obama, found that 32 million people could lose health coverage by the end of this decade if Cassidy's bill becomes law.
During another part of the Fox & Friends interview, Pence inaccurately claimed that “thousands” of counties have no choice of health care providers under Obamacare. In fact, according to the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation, as of September 15, 2017, there were zero counties in the United States with no insurer on the marketplace.
A research robot out on a routine test inadvertently stumbled upon a never-before-seen species of sea anemone living upside down in Antarctic ice. It's a remarkable discovery that could hint at the kind of life that might be found in the subsurface oceans of Europa.
Advertisement
The tiny sea anemones were discovered by a cylindrical robot called SCINI (Submersible Capable of under Ice Navigation and Imaging). The bot, which is part of the National Science Foundation's ANDRILL Antarctic drilling program, was sent down a hole drilled through 885 feet (270 meters) of the Antarctic Ross Ice Shelf.
Almost immediately, SCINI detected signs of the all-new ecosystem, one containing the opaque-white, ethereal anemones, now named Edwardsiella andrillae. They're just 2.5-to-3 centimeters in size when contracted, and about four times longer when relaxed. Each of them have around 20-to-24 tentacles. The researchers aren't sure how the anemone anchor themselves to the ice, how they reproduce, or how they're able to withstand the frigid temperatures. Some tens of thousands of these anemones were seen clinging to the bottom of the ice layer.
Advertisement
Most anemones are found on rocks or reefs, but this is the first known species to live exclusively off the ice.
"It is an absolutely astonishing discovery — and just how the sea anemones create and maintain burrows in the bottom of the ice shelf, while that surface is actively melting, remains an intriguing mystery," noted researcher Scott Borg in an NSF statement. "This goes to show how much more we have to learn about the Antarctic and how life there has adapted."
Advertisement
In addition to the sea anemone, SCINI discovered fish that swim upside down (with the ice acting as a floor), polychaete worms, amphipods, and a bizarre (and still unidentified organism) the researchers are calling the "egroll;" it's shaped like a tiny cylinder that bumped along the ice among the anemones.
A future mission is now being prepared with the help from NASA, including a robot that can withstand greater depths. The space agency would like to use this research to inform a future expedition to Europa — an ice-covered world with subsurface oceans.
Advertisement
SCINI actually made this discovery back in 2010, but it was only made public last month. Read the entire study at PLoS One: "Edwardsiella andrillae, a New Species of Sea Anemone from Antarctic Ice." More at the NSF.
Image: Dr Frank R. Rack, ANDRILL Science Management Office, University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
Editor's note: With the news of Dave Grohl's latest act of musical heroism (he apparently broke his leg during a show and kept playing), we thought we'd take a look back at one writer's take on the Foo Fighters frontman.
I've got another confession to make: I can't stand Dave Grohl.
I say this firmly, and people look at me like they just walked out of a warm porta-potty at Bonnaroo. Their face contorts to an expression somewhere between anger and confusion – they know they're supposed to be appalled but forget why – until they finally blast out a large “WHAT?”
This is the usual exclamation, followed by a clunky sentence formed around the word “Nirvana.” There is no doubt that Grohl deserves respect for his work with one of the most important rock bands to ever make music, but calling the Foo Fighters rock ‘n' roll is like calling Olive Garden authentic Italian food.
With a new documentary on HBO, an accompanying Foo Fighters album, and a recent piece on “60 Minutes” that began with Anderson Cooper saying “The Foo Fighters may be America's best rock n' roll band,” it's time to rethink Grohl and the Foo Fighters.
The Foo Fighters never bothered me, in fact, I burned “Everlong” onto many a CD in my middle school years. It was all copacetic until one day, as I drove down I-95, a man on the radio said “Here's the new one from the Foo Fighters! So pumped to hear another big one from these guys!” and he played “The Pretender.” Maybe it was the little slice of hype the radioman had prefaced with, but I remember thinking, “damn, this song is corny.”
That got me thinking, well, isn't all their stuff a little corny?
“Best of You”? Corny. “My Hero”? Just look at that title. “Learn to Fly”? Could be a children's book. It dawned on me: the Foo Fighters aren't a great band. Or even a good band. They're mediocre, and yet there seems to be this prescribed loyalty to them because Dave Grohl was in Nirvana, and you know a lot of their lyrics because they're always on the radio. Give them a listen. Smack those lips together and digest. “I GOT ANUTHAH CONFESSION TO MAKE-UH!” To me, it tastes like a plastic chicken parm sitting in a half-inch of red water.
Music is subjective, so I wasn't about to start telling people what to listen to. But, in recent weeks, a disturbing trend has taken hold: like learning a new word for the first time and then seeing it everywhere, Dave Grohl has invaded my life, tongue out, horns up, all over the Internet – interviews, memes, essays. It surpasses ubiquity. Grohl is getting the best, the best, the best of me. There is something about him that seems completely affected, like he's trying to be the rock god people expect him to be, but he's truthfully just a shell of this idea.
The tipping point was “Dave Grohl Wins the Ice Bucket Challenge,” in which he spends three minutes spoofing “Carrie,” trying so hard, and it works! The people rejoice! Because Dave Grohl is just so funny and cool and down to earth for a rock star. And that's it, isn't it? The reason why people love Dave Grohl is because he should be an asshole rock star, but he isn't. Is that reason enough to respect him as a musician? Enough of a reason to continue to give him a free pass on everything? How much goodwill has he accrued simply by being goofy and omnipresent?
“But dude. ‘Sonic Highways'.”
The Foo Fighters' new documentary came to HBO in October, a new Foo Fighters album arriving synchronously on November 10. Grohl's thesis in the show is presented early on: the city where music is recorded has a profound influence on how it sounds. Easy to agree with. During the first episode in Chicago, Buddy Guy talks about making instruments with rubber bands when he lived on a Louisiana plantation. His burning need to make music brought him all the way to Chicago, where he found success he never dreamed of. “I was looking for a nickel, and I found a quarter,” he says, in his smooth and soulful voice.
It was so pure and amazing that I wanted 30 more minutes of Guy's story. Instead, the episode cuts to equipment tagged with the Foo Fighters logo being wheeled into a studio where the band begins to cut a song for their new album. This is when it becomes clear that “Sonic Highways” is nothing more than promotion for the Foo Fighters and their new record. “Sonic Highways” does not care about music, and neither does Grohl.
The Foo Fighters are the nexus of each episode. Everything comes back to the Foo Fighters trying to record an album in this “revolutionary way,” not the city and its music. The episodes are littered with profile shots of Grohl looking out the windows of public transportation as the city moves by – melodrama that reveals the show's true thesis: rock ‘n' roll is alive only because of the Foo Fighters.
Each episode ends with a music video of the new song as Grohl's lyrics flash on the screen in a totally punk rock font (you just know he certified that decision with a set of devil horns and a “badass!”) as he screams in his trying-so-hard-to-sound-rock voice, “I was looking for a nickel, and I found a quarter!”
He rips the pure words right out of Buddy Guy's mouth, Pollocks them on to a cheap Foo Fighters canvas and calls it art. For what gain? So people respect the new album? So that they buy the new album?
Despite the masquerade, “Sonic Highways” has its benefits. Kids who have never heard of Buddy Guy will go listen to his music, and that is a victory in itself. But it all comes back to the Foo Fighters, and it cheapens the entire project that Grohl can't be happy with just having his name in the credits.
“But dude. Have you ever seen the Foo Fighters live?”
My chance came this year at the Firefly Music Festival. I finally gave myself a reply to this frequent rebuttal from Grohl supporters. The heart did not want me to go, but the head convinced me to give them a chance. So I stood there, and I watched, and I listened with 70,000 others as Dave Grohl came out and greeted his worshippers.
“ARE YOU READY FOR SOME ROCK ‘N' ROLL, DELAWARE?”
Judging by the response, the masses were ready.
The Foo Fighters then went on to play a song with heavy distortion and simple, groan-y lyrics. After the song, Grohl grabbed the mic.
“I'm not the guy to preach in between songs, but I just wanna say…”
Dave Grohl talked in between every single song.
He gave some contrived speech about this was an amazing “rock ‘n' roll” moment from his life. His Ozzy Osbourne Moment. This is verbatim:
“So we made a video, remember music videos? Like when MTV used to play… music. Those were the days!”
Calling out MTV, so rock ‘n' roll, man!
“Well we made a rock video where we made fun of this fuckin' candy commercial for this shit called Mentos—you remember that shit? Probably most famous now for putting in a bottle of Diet Coke and creating a fuckin' bomb-uh. Well back in the day, they had the dumbest fuckin' commercials you've ever seen in your life so we made a rock video that was a parody of those commercials and when we made that rock video…”
“Pat Smear looked at me and said, ‘You know, people are going to be fucking throwing those things at us every night, you know,' and I was like, ‘No. Our devoted fan base would never hit us with fucking pellet sized hard candies.' Sure as shit the first time we went out on tour after that came out I got hit in the face a hundred times with fucking Mentos right in the face and those things are hard man. They're like rocks. So we stopped playing the song man, it just hurt too much.”
Then, he said some shit about the World Cup, and after silencing the USA chants, he continued:
“Alright , hey man, check it out. Right now, forget about all that soccer, and lets play some rock ‘n' fuckin roll, man…”
Huge cheers. Dave Grohl is the MAN. What's more rock ‘n' roll than a band who picks on a candy and loses? What a story. What a cool, down to earth dude. And throughout the Man of Few Words' monologue, he kept saying fuckin' and rock ‘n' roll, like either meant anything at all.
I'm sure Dave Grohl is perfectly nice guy – smart, talented, and respectful of the religion that is rock – but this all becomes worthless when he tries to sell the Foo Fighters as the most rock ‘n' roll band still alive. Seems like Anderson Cooper is the only one who buys that. Can you honestly say that their music inspires you? I'm sure it's tied to some deep childhood memories for a lot of people, but its time to call out Grohl and the Foo Fighters for what they are.
Music is pure and honest and reliable and otherworldly, and it's jeopardized when people create it for all the wrong reasons. And what's worse is if it's shaped for an audience. Or a dollar. The musicians don't create it because they are driven mad by the fire inside them that throws them towards the craft.
Does Dave Grohl feel the need to protect his legacy? Does Dave Grohl want to keep the Foo Fighters name in the conversation? The Foo Fighters taste fake. They taste processed and soulless and repurposed. They try desperately to be something they're not – real and raw and rock ‘n' roll. In that regard, Dave Grohl is the perfect frontman.
He's the pretender.
The views of the author of this piece do not reflect the views of BDCwire as a whole.
#TindigPilipinas, a multisectoral coalition, has called on President Duterte to sign bank secrecy waivers — or resign if he does not want to do so — following the disclosure of the Office of the Ombudsman that it has in its possession Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC) records of his flagged bank accounts and those of his family.
The bank accounts are now the subject of an investigation by the antigraft body.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The group wants him to sign the waiver because aside from the (Ombudsman's disclosure) being alarming, it is also a way to exact accountability on him,” #TindigPilipinas spokesperson Shamah Bulangis told the Inquirer on Wednesday.
Nothing to hide
But Malacañang said the President had nothing to hide.
“The President respects the internal processes of the [Office of the Ombudsman] as an independent body and trusts its impartiality in the conduct of its fact-finding duty,” presidential spokesperson Ernesto Abella said yesterday.
Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales, who is the aunt of Mr. Duterte's son-in-law Manases Carpio, has inhibited herself from the handling of complaints involving the Duterte family.
She has assigned Overall Deputy Ombudsman Arthur Carandang to handle the investigation.
Carandang has approved the request of the Deputy Ombudsman for Mindanao to obtain the final report of the AMLC on the bank transactions of the Duterte family when Mr. Duterte was still the Davao City mayor.
People deserve to know
Bulangis said the people “deserve to know” the truth about the wealth of the President and his family, especially after he “projected himself as being impoverished.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“I am not even sure if this is just a whiff of corruption, according to his own words,” Bulangis said, using a favorite expression of Mr. Duterte whenever he claims he would exact accountability on government officials.
“But this is something that has to be investigated. We want to hammer this down, the issue of corruption,” he said.
The group's “Sign or Resign” call stems from Mr. Duterte's own statement that he will resign if it is proven that he has bank deposits amounting to billions of pesos, as alleged by Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV.
Trillanes, a critic of the President, earlier alleged that Mr. Duterte had billions of pesos worth of bank transactions.
The President has disputed Trillanes' allegations, but he has rejected the senator's challenge for him to sign a new waiver to disclose the transaction history of his bank accounts. He has said Trillanes should not look to him for evidence.
Carandang said the bank transaction records of Mr. Duterte and his family from AMLC were now part of the investigation based on a complaint that Trillanes filed against the President.
The AMLC records include the bank transaction history of the President, his common-law-wife, Cielito Avanceña, estranged wife Elizabeth Zimmerman and children—Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte-Carpio, her husband Manases, Davao City Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte and Sebastian Duterte.
Same details
Carandang said that while he could not confirm if the AMLC records sent to his office were the same as the documents that Trillanes had attached to his complaint, a cursory look at the two sets of documents showed that “more or less, they have the same details.”
On Tuesday, he said the Office of the Ombudsman and the AMLC were sharing information on flagged bank transactions.
In such investigations, the AMLC conducts the bank inquiry and establish the possibility of money laundering while the Office of the Ombudsman will establish if corruption was committed, according to Carandang.
While the AMLC has yet to honor the request of the Ombudsman for a copy of its final report, the bank transaction records indicate that the flow of money in the Duterte family's various bank accounts through the years could amount to almost a billion pesos.
‘Cannot laugh off'
In a statement, #TindigPilipinas said the President “cannot laugh off” the investigation of the Ombudsman, with the confirmation of Mr. Duterte's “previously exposed bank accounts.”
The Magdalo group, to which Trillanes belongs, is part of #TindigPilipinas.
“He cannot laugh this off, dissemble yet again, contradict himself as if this is an acceptable quirk of his character,” #TindigPilipinas said. “The question is very simple—Where did these billions come from?”
“You ran on a platform of anticorruption, anticrime and antidrugs. Now you need to explain in a clear, detailed and unequivocal way what are the sources of your wealth, when you earned each amounts and where the amounts are now,” the group said.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
DENVER — Like other states, Colorado is trying to figure out how to deal with the United States Department of Justice's announcement last week that users and providers of medical marijuana will not be prosecuted when they are in compliance with state law. Here in Colorado, local officials say that a big concern is a surge in new users of the drug, which Colorado's top health official, James B. Martin, called “an abuse of the system.”
In recent months, he said, thousands of young men in their early 20's have applied to doctors and, by complaining of severe or chronic pain, received cards to put in their wallets that allow them to legally buy high-quality marijuana. Marijuana is an itemized category of treatment for those symptoms under an amendment to the Colorado Constitution passed by voters in 2000.
“It is exceedingly unlikely that there's an epidemic of chronic pain among young male adults,” said Mr. Martin, the executive director the Colorado Department of Health and the Environment, which administers the state's system for medical marijuana.
Figures from the department also show that issuing medical marijuana cards has become something of a medical specialty. Based on figures through mid-August, nearly three-fourths of the 10,003 marijuana permits issued in the state had come from just 15 doctors. One doctor alone was responsible for about one-quarter of the total.
“The administration is working across a number of departments — police, revenue, the attorney general's office and us — to try to develop a coherent and unified strategy” to deal with the surge, Mr. Martin told The Lede in an interview.
But for local officials, an effective strategy to deal with medical marijuana's new terrain could be elusive. The city of Greeley, north of Denver, which banned medical marijuana dispensaries last week, took a stance that sounded pretty tough-minded on paper. But the dispensary that had prompted the ban, Generations Natural Medicine — which opened in Greeley in August and was shut down by the city about two weeks later — reopened its doors on Saturday about two miles south of Greeley in the adjoining community of Garden City, which enacted rules welcoming the new business.
The shop's owners, a father-and-son team — Casey Villas Sr., 57, a retired Postal Service letter carrier, and Casey Villas Jr., 36 — said marijuana has been a healing tradition in their family for many years. They sell everything from fertilizers to help clients start their own marijuana gardens to storage jars, advertised with a sign that says, “As seen on Weeds,” the television show about a pot-selling suburban housewife in southern California.
PORTER RANCH (CBSLA.com) — Crews have pinpointed the location of a natural gas leak that has displaced thousands of residents in Porter Ranch, Southern California Gas Company reported Monday.
Spokeswoman Anne Silva told the Los Angeles Times that crews discovered the site of the target around midnight on Saturday while using a magnetic ranging tool.
Silva explained the leak was discovered around a depth of 3,800 feet within a “7-inch diameter steel pipeline that allows natural gas to be put into a naturally occurring underground storage field.”
However, the company is still “not sure of the exact location of the leak, but suspects it is within a shallow level,” Silva added.
The well extends more than 8,000 feet below the surface in the San Fernando Valley community.
SoCal Gas Company plans to complete drilling of a primary relief well by Feb. 24. Crews will begin drilling a secondary relief well in January. It should take up to four months to complete.
The natural gas leak was located on Oct. 23 at SoCal Gas Company's Aliso Canyon storage facility. The county was notified five days later.
Since then, thousands of residents have been relocated from their homes after experiencing symptoms including headaches, nausea, vomiting and dizziness.
(©2015 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Wire services contributed to this report.)
Disclaimer: This is going to be the most incomplete film review you've ever read, because we walked out less than halfway through. Here is a transcript of our conversation following the worst experience of both of our lives.
Jessie: I'm really sorry that happened. I'm sorry it was made, but mostly I'm sorry I suggested we watch it.
Luca: There was a moment where I felt as though you might actually like it, and it made me really uncomfortable. Like I might have a panic attack.
Jessie: Oh wow. No, no. There was something funny that happened in the first five minutes, I can't remember it though. Maybe about her mum being bad at Facebook? And I laughed and felt really embarrassed after. As in… ashamed.
Mia Freedman, Monique Bowley and Jessie Stephens discuss Amy Schumer's Netflix special. And they're not impressed. Post continues below.
Luca: That was funny but that's always funny because everyone's Mum is bad at Facebook. You could chuck something about parents and social media in the middle of Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and it would be hilarious.
Jessie: Yeah, valid. And I'd seen that identical skit on Inside Amy Schumer. So I feel like I didn't need to pay $20 to see the same scene replayed in a cinema.
Luca: But Jessie we didn't pay for those tickets. We went for free.
Jessie: Yeah, and what does that say? That we're both mad at that experience and it cost us nothing except our time.
Luca: It had so much potential though. Like, it opened on Amy Schumer being a ditsy blonde which was hilarious because that's a cliche that hasn't been explored enough in popular culture. It made me really think and feel and also laugh.
Jessie: Yeah it was really critical and also enlightening. Also… I have a confession. One time I was on a plane and accidentally watched Tammy.
Luca: Are you f*cking serious right now?
Jessie: Yeah I don't like to talk about it. But dude... Snatched just was Tammy. Except instead of a road trip across America, they went to Ecuador so they could be more blatantly racist. It started exactly the same with her losing her job etc. etc.
Luca: Oh yeah that was great when Amy Schumer got fired from her retail job by an angry black woman because in America, all store managers are heavy-set angry black women.
Jessie: And then she gets dumped by her boyfriend EXACTLY LIKE IN TAMMY because she's so unlovable and gross.
SALEM � After weeks of grueling negotiations, Gov. Kate Brown and a handful of key state lawmakers have reached a tentative deal on a new, smaller transportation spending package.
The package would collect an estimated $4 billion in new taxes and fees over the next eight years, as opposed to an earlier plan that would have collected $8.2 billion over 10 years.
Gone from the new package is the earmarked funding and local gas tax increases for $1.1 billion in freeway widening projects to ease congestion in Portland. Instead, those projects are likely to require funding by new nonbridge tolls on Interstates 5 and 205.
The package also includes a smaller increase in the state gas tax, 10 cents over the next eight years, and a reduction in the proposed tax on new car sales to 0.5 percent.
Other elements � such as a statewide employee-paid payroll tax to fund mass transit, a $15 tax on certain bike purchases, and tiered vehicle registration and title fees � remain intact.
Crucially, Brown hammered out a compromise in recent days between key Republican lawmakers and environmental advocates over changes to Oregon�s low-carbon � or �clean� � fuels standard.
That issue torpedoed a proposed transportation package in 2015 and threatened to do so again this year.
But lengthy negotiations between Brown�s staff, GOP Rep. Cliff Bentz of Ontario and environmental advocates resulted in a breakthrough.
Under that agreement, Republicans will get most of the changes they asked for to control the program�s potential impact on consumer gas prices. Environmentalists, meanwhile, secured a new $12 million-a-year rebate program to subsidize Oregonians� purchase of new electric or hybrid vehicles.
�We have, at this point, agreement on the sticking points,� Brown said Wednesday at a press conference, referring to the fight over clean fuels.
�There is consensus among the stakeholders,� she added.
The full bill is expected to be released later this week, but The Register-Guard obtained a copy of the framework Wednesday.
The high-level deal still faces hurdles, however.
It has been negotiated by a small group of top Democratic and Republican lawmakers and the governor�s staff, with tweaks still being made as late as Wednesday afternoon. The package could face opposition once it is widely released to rank-and-file lawmakers.
Majority Democrats want a significant number of Republican lawmakers to vote �yes� on the transportation funding package, much more than the minimum required of one GOP legislator in each chamber.
That stance is designed to make it more difficult for outside interest groups to refer the package to the ballot. But it could be difficult to achieve in the final days of session.
Several key lawmakers who have been crafting the package declined to comment Wednesday.
Under the tentative framework, the state would increase its gas tax in 2018 by 4 cents, to 34 cents per gallon, followed by further 2-cent increases every two years.
Coupled with vehicle fee and weigh-mile increases, that would initially give the state Department of Transportation and city and county governments roughly an extra $200 million a year for highway and road maintenance work.
The package�s other main feature is the new payroll tax of 0.1 percent on all employees to help support mass transit throughout the state. That would raise $107 million a year, divided among transit agencies.
�I�m very excited about the investment we will be making in public transit,� Brown said Wednesday.
While the exact size of the funding package was in flux Wednesday evening, the compromise on the low-carbon fuel standard appeared to be on solid ground.
The clean fuels program, which began to phase in in 2016, requires companies that bring fuel for sale into Oregon to steadily reduce their product�s carbon emissions by 2025. They can do so either by blending cleaner alternative fuels into their fuel or by giving cash subsidies to other carbon-reduction efforts, such as low-carbon fuels or electric vehicles.
The new negotiated deal would put into state law a dollar cap on the size of the potential subsidy for alternative-fuel producers � equivalent to about $500 million annually.
Republicans have wanted that hard cap written into state law, while environmentalists preferred it be in the state Department of Environmental Quality�s administrative rules only.
The cap, like the one in place in California, would mean the clean fuels program would add 23 cents to the cost of a gallon of gas in Oregon by 2025, according to DEQ estimates.
The compromise also would create a new way for the clean fuels program�s requirements to be frozen if there are shortages of traditional gas or alternative fuels � another Republican demand.
Brad Reed, a spokesman for environmental advocacy group Renew Oregon, said that, while �a legislative fix didn�t seem necessary,� the agreed-to changes �seem like they are clarifying and codifying� the program, rather than undermining it.
�The changes still uphold the core integrity of the program,� he said.
And putting to bed longstanding legislative fights about the program �will give clean fuels businesses the certainty they need so they can start investing here,� Reed added.
As part of the new transportation deal, more than half of the new tax on new car sales would be dedicated to rebates for electric vehicles.
The $12 million-a-year rebate program will provide $2,500 subsidies for people buying new electric vehicles and $1,500 for people buying new hybrid vehicles. That�s enough subsidy for 5,000 to 6,000 vehicle purchases annually.
Ten percent of the rebate funds would have to go to low-income people or Oregonians living in high-pollution areas.
Reed said that, on balance, the new transportation package includes many environment-friendly elements.
�Strong transit funding, new bike and pedestrian facilities, and (electric vehicle) rebates. We need all of those things,� he said.
As part of their preseason preparations, AS Roma is spending nearly two weeks in the United States. In what seems like an interesting twist on the usual big European Club comes to America for preseason tour for the benefits of promoting the Club at the expense of the team's preseason training, they are spending July 24 through the 30th in Boston for training only. No matches, at least not officially, before heading off elsewhere for their now annual friendly against Liverpool in the're Both Owned By Americans Derby.
It must be some sort of relief to Luciano Spalletti and his staff to at least get a solid week of training with no flying. As we've seen already this preseason, Jose Mourinho is none to pleased with how Manchester United's trip to Asia has gone thus far and you can imagine most managers loathe these preseason trips that are done mostly for the purposes of growing the brand of the Club. That is the norm now for top European sides.
Anyways, onto the session itself. This session took place at 5:30pm local time on Roma's first full day in Boston. According to the Club's social media they had done strength/gym training that morning and this would seemingly be their only soccer-specific session of the day. The session lasted about two hours and was at Harvard University's Ohiri Field.
The session began with the full group, short of the goalkeepers who had begun earlier, doing a short dynamic warm-up. It seemed very abrupt, it was at most fifteen minutes, if that.
Normally, by which normal means what one usually would see watching most training sessions available on YouTube, these sessions start off with unopposed work and/or work with the group split up by positions and some sort of small sided game(rondo).
Here, AS Roma went directly into a 10v10 game. The game was played in a box the width of the penalty area and about equally long. At the top of both penalty areas were three small goals. Halfway between the playing area and the goals was a dotted line. Two goalkeepers were inside each of the penalty areas behind the small goals.
The exercise began with a long ball played into the area in the direction of the center forward from a goalkeeper. The purpose was to keep possession in the area until a through ball could play out of the area to meet a run beyond the area and then finish in one of the small goals, shooting from behind the dotted line. With the incredibly tight spacing from 20 players in roughly a 45×45 yard area the ability to have enough time on the ball to play an accurate through ball with a correctly timed run was hard to pull off.
The progression to this game was relatively simple. The small goals were removed and the full sized goals, now defended with a goalkeeper, were moved to the top of the penalty area. The playing areas was now the same length but the width was extended out to the touchline. The only option to get behind the defense and have a shot on goal remained the same from the previous game. There were no crosses put in from wide and dribbling out of the playing area was, seemingly, not an option either.
The emphasis, and with the session being done in Italian it could be slightly different, was on quick combination play and fast transitions in order to play promising through balls in behind the defense. Most of the runs came from the wingers(both sides were playing a 4-3-3) but there were also fullbacks pushing high when wingers came inside and center mids making runs beyond the center forward. Edin Dzeko made some runs behind for one team, while otherwise holding the ball up, and Totti drifted around looking for space(and usually found it) and played others in behind.
The final progression extended to the playing area being slightly narrower than the full width of the field but stretched the length from the top of one penalty area to the other. It was more or less an unrestricted game of 11v11 at this point and naturally as would be expected, the players carried on in trying to play in the same manner in which they had been previously with the various restrictions in place.
With the space on the field opening up and the goals at the tops of the penalty areas the play opened up quite a bit as space was no longer at such a premium and both sides created chances and moved the ball effectively, again, in the manner in which it appeared they had been asked before. Spalletti made no stops during play in any of these games. He did walk freely in among the play(less so when the space was tigher) and was constantly providing instructions. He did speak to the group before resuming the next progression after a water break but he did not stop play at any point.
After the group had worked together through the warm-up and game exercises they split into two groups. Again, you would probably expect the opposite, that the full group would train after training in groups. It will be interesting to see(work allowing!) if this pattern is usual for Spalletti or just a one off given the nature of this session having just arrived here.
The forwards and midfielders worked on finishing on goal. It was a simple setup, three quick passes were played 25 yards out and then a one touch pass was played over the top of several plastic men to a striker running in on a full goal and looking to score past a keeper.
The defenders trained in two opposing back fours(later adding a holding midfielder as neutral player) on body shape, shifting side to side and pressure, cover balance when a fullback stepped to put pressure on the ball holder. This looked to be boring, tedious, work but the sharpness of movement, maintaining the correct body shape and later the speed of moving the ball along the backline was impressive. Certainly what you would expect from professionals even if you can imagine they've done similar work plenty of times before and can't enjoy it much.
While that was going on a group of four players were doing some jogging/running on the far side of the pitch for a short while. It looked to be some players who had played in the European Championships(although Alessandro Florenzi was not one of them) including Daniele De Rossi and Radja Nainggolan. This group finished and left early.
The session wrapped up after this and all told the players were on the training ground for about two hours.
Aside from the obvious technical quality of a top European squad, it was interesting to see how Spalletti coached during the session, the seemingly quick warm-up and the approach of having the full group train together first and progress up to an 11v11 game and then go back and do work in smaller groups. Might be a training method worth trying out.
There was a good crowd on hand even with the Club only announcing that afternoon that the session was on at 5:30 and open to the public. It was originally to be a closed session. Who would be spying on an AS Roma session in Boston on a Sunday afternoon is anyone's guess! But having closed sessions is probably normal enough at this level. Even Italy's last national team manager, Antiono Conte, went so far as to ban members of his own staff from certain training sessions during the Euros.
Last bit to make note of, only Alessandro Florenzi came over for autographs and selfies after the session. Much to his own surprise as he flailed his arms out and pointed back in the direction of the supporters after he walked back over to the remaining players and staff. Evidently he felt a few other players should have gone and joined him but he was at least happy to sign and smile for selfies for a bit before heading off.
AS Roma will be at Harvard all week with many sessions open to the public. Definitely worth taking in if you're in the area.
Magnets: How do they work? Exploring the 2D Ising model¶
Magnetism on a microscopic level is caused by electrons in the atom "shells". The Ising model is a intuitive but powerful way of describing such a system. In this notebook, we'll first learn about the Ising model and try to get some intuition for it. To look into the physical consequences, we'll solve it numerically with my c++ solver magneto. Code for that program and this notebook is on github.com/s9w/magneto. After the physics, we'll have a look at the algorithms that are used to solve it and their differences at the end of the article.
Quantum Mechanics tells us that electrons have a property called spin which is in one of two states, usually called "up" and "down". In Ising model, that is represented by $\sigma=+1$ and $\sigma=-1$, with $\sigma$ just being the standard symbol for spin states. The spins are arranged in a two or three dimensional square lattices. We'll look at two dimensions here. Example for a small 4x4 system:
+1 +1 -1 +1 -1 -1 +1 +1 -1 +1 -1 -1 +1 -1 -1 +1
The behaviour of all physical systems boils down to minimizing the overall energy. So let's try to reason about the energy of such a system: Each electron spin produces either a positive or negative magnetic field. But it's also influenced by such fields, both external and those of the other spins. So there is an interaction between them. In good approximation, it's enough to only look at the interaction between next neighbor spins. So each spin only is affected by its four direct adjacent spins.
A positive field will push an electron spin towards a positive alignment and vice versa. So it's intuitive that without external fields and disturbances, a configuration where many spins are parallel (in the same state) is energetically beneficial. Put into an equation, the energy of the whole system (without an external magnetic field) is given by the Hamiltonian:
$$H = -J\sum_{\langle ij\rangle } \sigma_i \sigma_j$$
That way of writing a sum just means a summation over next neighbors for every single spin. We'll assume the coupling constant $J=1$ for the moment, more on that later.
Real systems consist of an astronomical number of spins, so a large lattice is crucial for good numerical results. To help cope with "finite size effects", periodic boundary conditions are used. So for a 2x2 grid with either all positive or all negative spins, the energy would be -8. Usually the energy is divided by the number of sites in the grid so that it's in a nice range between -2 and 0.
So we know what energy a specific configuration has. But a square grid with length $L$ has $L^2$ positions, which amounts to $2^{(L^2)}$ possible states. Even with conservative grid sizes that's a large number. Which of those configurations are actually physically realized and how often? More precise: What's their probability distribution? Statistical mechanics has the answer: The Boltzmann distribution
$$\exp\left(-\frac{H}{T}\right)$$
Normalized, it looks like this:
A Mourner pays their respects at the casket of a newborn, known simply as Baby Henry, during the child's funeral in Clinton Township, Mich., Wednesday, March 11, 2015. Police say 24-year-old Angela Alexie (inset) gave birth Dec. 22, 2014 in an Eastpointe garage and left the baby. The body was found Jan. 14, 2015, at a Roseville recycling center. Alexie is charged with murder.
A Detroit-area prosecuting attorney says a woman let her newborn die in a garage rather than allow him to go into foster care.
The allegation against Angela Alexie came Wednesday during opening arguments in her trial on murder and child abuse charges in Macomb County Circuit Court.
Authorities accuse the 24-year-old, who has three other children in foster care, of giving birth in an Eastpointe garage in December 2014 and leaving the boy whose frozen body was discovered coming down a conveyor at a local recycling center a month later, according to the Detroit Free Press.
Assistant Prosecutor William Cataldo says Alexie hid her pregnancy and considered the child a "dirty little secret" and "a road block to her social life."
Cataldo said Alexie said in statements she was too injured to go to the fire department to turn in the baby. However, she sent a text to someone asking what bar they were meeting at, and took selfies showing weight loss after the baby's birth, Cataldo alleged, according to the report.
Defense attorney Steve Kaplan counters Alexie has "cognitive challenges." He told jurors she should be convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter.
"I'm not saying she's a hero," Kaplan said jurors, according to the Detroit Free Press. "Did Angela Alexie knowingly create a risk of great bodily harm? She's guilty of many things. She's not guilty of felony murder."
Copyright Associated Press / NBC Chicago
Council chiefs in Aberdeen will write to the Scottish Government to seek help to protect the city's live music venues from noise complaints.
The move, agreed yesterday at the local authority's petitions committee, follows the two-week closure of a popular venue after residents complained.
Downstairs, located underneath the Malt Mill on Holburn Street, was issued with a noise abatement notice by the local authority in January after a complaint was made by a nearby resident.
The venue lost trade and was required to install costly noise-proofing.
Following the notice Craig Adams, the owner of the live music bar Krakatoa on Trinity Quay – formerly The Moorings – teamed up with the management of Downstairs to set up a petition asking the council to do more to protect independent music venues in the city.
It attracted more than 2,400 signatures, and yesterday Mr Adams presented his case to councillors.
Members of the committee agreed to the motion put forward by convener Alan Donnelly asking the Scottish Government to investigate the “Agent of Change Principle”.
This is a UK-wide initiative which seeks to force developers building next to established music venues to pay for their own soundproofing, and vice-versa for new music venues opening close to established developments.
Mr Adams, who had to invest about £300,000 to soundproof his venue, said: “What we're seeking is that where an established venue has made the necessary investment in soundproofing that it's then afforded a reasonably degree of protection against spurious noise complaints.
“Short of coating the place in depleted uranium or something I don't know what more I can do.”
Gav Bassett, co-lessee of Downstairs, said: “There is still a long way to go and I hope that this paves the way for progression towards supporting a vital part of Aberdeen's and the UK's culture.
“I am hopeful that we will start to see some positive change.”
Last night Mr Donnelly said the committee had decided it was important to protect the city's “cultural heritage”.
He said: “When you have venues that have been in existence for 40 or 50 years and new residents complain about the noise it's clear something needs to be done.”
Media playback is not supported on this device Melbourne Cup 2015: Michelle Payne dedicates win to female jockeys
Female jockeys should get a weight allowance to help them compete against men, AP McCoy has suggested.
The retired 20-time champion jockey was responding to Michelle Payne calling racing "chauvinistic" after she was the first woman to win the Melbourne Cup.
"The female jockeys are very, very competent riders but perhaps a woman should receive an allowance like a filly does in a race," said McCoy.
Female horses carry less weight than males when competing in the same races.
But there is no similar allowance for jockeys - racing is one of the few sports where men and women compete on an equal footing at the highest level.
Some female jockeys regard suggestions of a weight concession as patronising, while others believe it would create more opportunities for women.
"I don't think it would be fair," said leading female rider Cathy Gannon.
"We've been trying to say we're as good as the boys for years so it would be a backward step in my eyes."
Payne rode 100-1 shot Prince of Penzance to victory, ahead of the Frankie Dettori-ridden Max Dynamite, in the Melbourne Cup - known as "the race that stops a nation".
"It was brilliant for her to win the race and tactically she gave Prince Of Penzance a brilliant ride, but I'm not sure that was the time to call racing a chauvinistic sport," said Northern Irishman McCoy in a blog for bookmakers William Hill.
"It's a very physically demanding sport and they're not going to be as physically strong as a bloke. They can't be. Tactically they can be as good but if it comes down to strength in a finish, a woman is not going to be as strong as a man.
"There aren't many sports where women compete against men and on a day-to-day basis. Are women as physically strong as men? No they're not. It's just fact."
Weight allowances for jockeys Weighting game: If a jockey is lighter than the weight the horse is allotted to carry, the difference will be made up by thin lead weights in a special saddle cloth. Handicaps: About 60% of the races run in Britain are handicaps where horses of varying abilities are allotted different weights in an effort to give them an equal chance of winning. Males v females: There are no specific weight concessions for jockeys based on gender, although there are for horses, with fillies carrying 3lb less than colts of the same age in Europe's richest flat race, the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. Conditional/apprentice jockeys: To compensate for an initial lack of experience, conditional jockeys (Flat racing) and apprentices (jumps) have weight allowances of between 3lb and 7lb depending on how many winners they have ridden.
Jockey Racheal Kneller welcomed McCoy's suggestion, but is unsure whether it would change perceptions.
"It's a good idea but I don't think it will make any difference. I claim 5lbs and I still struggle for opportunity," she said.
Grade One-winning Canadian rider Emma-Jayne Wilson tweeted: "Brilliant idea - if strength were the only attribute jockeys required to be successful."
Payne was only the fourth female to ride in the Melbourne Cup in its 155-year history.
After her victory on 3 November, she said: "It's such a chauvinistic sport, I know some of the owners wanted to kick me off."
She praised Prince of Penzance trainer Darren Weir and owner John Richards for their support but added: "I want to say to everyone else, get stuffed, because women can do anything and we can beat the world."
Michelle Payne celebrates her winning ride on Prince Of Penzance with brother and stablehand Stephen Payne
Michelle Payne said she had been dreaming of winning the Melbourne Cup since she was five years old
If you ask Paola Mathé, Instagram isn't just for shameless selfies and pics of delicious foods -- it's a great way to change negative perceptions of a country, too.
With over 8,600 followers, Mathé's Instagram account is filled with images of pristine beaches, colorful street art and swaying palm trees set against blue skies -- photos some wouldn't associate with Haiti, the country Mathé grew up in and frequently visits.
Mathé, who owns Fanm Djanm, a headwrap line, is among a number of young entrepreneurs and activists utilizing the power of social media to change how the world sees Haiti, Fusion reported. On Tuesday, HuffPost Live spoke with Mathé about her efforts to shine a light on a side of the Caribbean nation many Americans rarely see.
"I have the opportunity and the voice to show what Haiti is also about," Mathé said. "It's not just about extreme poverty, which we're also trying to fight and help -- but at the same time, it's a beautiful place."
(Story continues below)
According to BBC News, Haiti was a tourist hotspot in the 1970s. But throughout the past three decades, a handful of misfortunes caused major setbacks in the country's progress. In 1983, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) claimed Haitian entrants to the U.S. were at an increased risk of contracting HIV/AIDS, causing a "major blow" to the nation's tourism industry, AVERT.org pointed out. The devastating 2010 earthquake that left more than 300,000 dead and the ongoing cholera outbreak resulting in its aftermath further damaged Haiti's global appeal.
A household survey taken in 2012 found that 59 percent of Haitians lived under the national poverty line.
"I hope to see this country get back on its feet, because when I was a kid, Haiti used to be the most beautiful country in the whole Caribbean," one Haitian who immigrated to Canada told BBC News in 2013. "Things deteriorated -- just too bad. But Haiti would be the perfect place now for the tourist people to invest and come back, and [help] this nation get back [on] its feet."
Lucie Cincinatis is another small business owner in Haiti who spoke with HuffPost Live about her efforts to change the country's reputation. She first visited the country as part of a program that allowed her to teach in Haitian schools, and -- after finding creative inspiration in the local talent -- gave up her life as a financial analyst in New York City to build locally sourced handbags in the Caribbean nation.
"I met so many artists that were just so good at everything, but had no access to bigger markets," she told the outlet. Now she works with some of those talented artists at her company, Jacmel & Co, and frequently posts photos of Haiti's natural beauty -- as well as her co-workers' artwork -- to more than 2,400 Instagram followers.
She told Fusion that some of her friends from different countries are shocked to see her photos.
(Story continues below)
Thanks in part to people like Mathé and Cincinatis, Haiti's outlook is changing for the better. In April, Caribbean News Digital reported Haiti experienced a 20 percent increase in tourist arrivals from the previous year, according to the Caribbean Tourism Organization.
"Haiti is the only truly emerging tourism destination in the region," Marie Carmelle Jean-Marie, the country's finance minister, told Fusion.
Although tourism may be improving in Haiti, the country still faces chronic social and public health challenges. Only one third of 14-year-old students are in the appropriate grade for their age, the World Bank reported, and waterborne diseases remain a leading cause of infant and child mortality.
Still, significant progress has been made since the 2010 earthquake, including a substantial growth in GDP, a drastic reduction in cholera cases and the opening of dozens of health centers across the county.
To Mathé, it's important to focus on how far Haiti has come in order to further improvements.
Barnaby Joyce: Political forces eye hypothetical by-election in New England
Updated
Quietly, the battle for a crucial federal seat is being war-gamed by political forces, preparing for a by-election that might never take place.
The likelihood of a fresh poll in the north-western New South Wales seat of New England is heavily caveated.
It depends on the outcome of High Court proceedings in mid-October considering whether Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce is ineligible to sit in Parliament because he was also a Kiwi when he stood for election last year.
Under Section 44 of the constitution, foreign nationals cannot be elected to the Australian parliament.
The Government only holds a one-seat majority in the Lower House. If Mr Joyce was to lose in a by-election, his Government could be facing the prospect of a hung parliament.
Is there an alternative?
Mr Joyce won convincingly at the last election. It is unclear whether he would face any serious competition in a by-election scenario.
Most political players contacted by the ABC stressed they did not want to second guess the High Court's ruling, but behind closed doors preparations are being made.
The former independent local member Tony Windsor said he was still interested in politics and was considering his options.
"I think it's pre-empting a lot of things to make a decision at the moment. A lot of it will depend on what the High Court does," he told the ABC.
"But I don't think the fire has gone out in terms of some of the policy issues that I've always stood for. In fact, I think they're more important now than they've ever been."
Mr Windsor held the seat from 2001 to 2013 when he stepped down citing family and health reasons.
He returned to politics last year, standing against Mr Joyce, but his performance fell short of expectations.
In the two-party preferred stakes he managed 41.5 per cent of the vote, with Mr Joyce being re-elected with 58.5 per cent support.
Mr Windsor has joined the High Court action against the Deputy Prime Minister and is being represented by Ron Merkel QC.
What about the other political forces that could be in play?
Labor traditionally runs a local candidate with little prospect of becoming a serious challenger, effectively vacating the field for Mr Windsor.
This time around there is talk of a candidate from Armidale, as the university town is considered a more Labor-friendly stronghold. Opposition senator Sam Dastyari has also just returned from a lightning trip to Tamworth and Armidale.
He conducted some soft diplomacy with "politics in the pub" events designed to attract Labor supporters.
Mr Joyce could also be faced with a contest on the right flank. One Nation is considering its options.
A spokesman for the party said the "prospect is real, but until the High Court makes its decision we are not speculating as to what the future will hold for New England".
The spokesman mentioned One Nation leader Pauline Hanson made a recent low-profile trip to Armidale and the small town of Quirindi in the electorate.
While the Shooters, Farmers and Fishers Party wrested the regional state seat of Orange from the Nationals last year, it has laughed off suggestions it would consider a federal tilt in New England.
Another possible contender some Nationals have expressed concern about is the head of the National Farmers Federation, Fiona Simson, but she told the ABC she was "not interested and very happy doing what [she was] doing".
The seat includes areas riven with agricultural and commercial complexity. The politics of water usage and ownership is a big issue, and renewed fears of widespread drought conditions will only ratchet up local animosities over environmental protection versus potential mining projects that could create jobs and bring cash injections to ailing country towns.
The Greens are preparing to run a candidate but, at the last federal election, high school teacher Mercurius Goldstein only managed to secure 2.9 per cent of the primary vote.
How much would the Government throw at New England?
Mr Joyce is the only one of the seven caught up in the citizenship debacle who sits in the Lower House. The rest, if found ineligible, can be replaced by other party representatives and will not alter the makeup of the Senate.
Labor is already accusing the government of pork barrelling in New England, particularly on roads infrastructure. The Opposition said a number of roads projects within the electorate have been fast-tracked in the lead up to the High Court action that were funded as far back as the 2013 Labor budget and were left to languish under the Coalition.
In Parliament, Mr Joyce brushed off Labor's accusations of election sweeteners. Speaking at a local announcement in New England on Friday he said he was not in campaign mode.
"I'll keep on doing my job and I'll let the High Court do its job," he said.
"I'll respect their verdict whatever it is."
Mr Joyce said he relied on the advice of the Government's senior lawyer, the Solicitor-General, to guide him.
"If he came out and said, 'oh mate you're for the high jump' I would have gone straight to a by-election. I wouldn't have hung around," he said.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has also expressed absolute confidence the High Court will not strip Mr Joyce of the seat.
"The Government is very confident that the court will not find the Member for New England is disqualified from being a member of this house," Mr Turnbull, who is himself a lawyer, told Parliament last month.
"Very confident indeed."
Mr Turnbull left the chamber in no doubt about his view of the outcome of the case.
"The Leader of the National Party, the Deputy Prime Minister is qualified to sit in this house and the High Court will so hold," he said.
Constitutional lawyer George Williams has already warned the Prime Minister may live to regret that statement.
In an opinion piece for Fairfax newspapers George Williams has written that it's "far from clear that the High Court will decide in Joyce's favour".
If a by-election is held, Mr Joyce will have the heft and spending power of the government behind him. He will have the title of Deputy Prime Minister to tantalise voters. He will probably have the backing of mining industry magnate Gina Rinehart, who has been a big supporter, even attending a previous election-night party.
Mr Joyce would also have the Government's energy campaign to run on, which could have cut through in an electorate with growing concerns about renewed drought conditions and where power bills are biting.
But the Deputy Prime Minister is also fighting off critics of the Government's management of water policy in the Murray-Darling Basin and there are country farmers and communities that have switched over to renewables in a big way. Perceived bungling of the NBN rollout in parts of New England could also work against him.
Mr Windsor has identified those areas as policy weak points he could exploit, but Government MPs believe Mr Windsor's support of the former Gillard government in a previous hung parliament fell flat with the electorate and swinging voters will not want to see a repeat.
For now, the Government has to wait for the court process, while political foes feel buoyed by the uncertainty. Many of those with skin in this game question why Mr Joyce did not just stand down and go straight to the voters in a by-election as soon as his New Zealand heritage was revealed, rather than providing detractors time to get organised for a campaign.
Topics: political-parties, federal-parliament, government-and-politics, australia, nsw, university-of-new-england-2351, armidale-2350
First posted
Wayne Flynt, the Alabama historian and a friend of Ms. Lee, said the author is mentally fit, engaged and can recite long passages of literature. When he visited her a few weeks ago after hearing reports that she was depressed, they spoke about his grandson and she laughed at the stories he told. He said he believed Ms. Lee was capable of assenting to the publication of “Watchman.”
But he also said she occasionally has problems with her short-term memory. When he asked her about her new novel, he said she seemed to be “in her own world” at first, and asked, “What novel?” Reminding her of “Watchman,” he told her “You must be so proud,” and she responded with “I'm not so sure anymore,” Mr. Flynt recalled.
The only statements from Ms. Lee about the new publication — affirming her enthusiasm — have come through her lawyer, Tonja B. Carter, who handles her day-to-day affairs. Ms. Carter came across the manuscript in August and negotiated the book deal with HarperCollins. Over the course of a week, Ms. Carter did not return a phone call and text messages seeking comment. A lawyer for Ms. Carter, Bobby Segall, declined to comment. In a previous interview with The New York Times, she described Ms. Lee's excitement that “Go Set a Watchman” would be published, and stressed she would never go against the author's wishes.
One person who said that he had filed an anonymous complaint with the state is a doctor who has known Ms. Lee for years. The doctor said in an interview that he had called Alabama's adult protective services hotline and asked the state to investigate whether Ms. Lee was too infirm to have fully consented to the publication of “Watchman.”
The doctor, who has not treated Ms. Lee and asked to remain anonymous because of the divisive nature of the issue, said he had been alarmed by reports of her frailty and by an account from someone he trusted who visited Ms. Lee last fall after the death of her sister, and said she was largely uncommunicative, lying in a fetal position in bed in the middle of the afternoon.
The investigation is being led by the state's Human Resources Department with the help of the Alabama Securities Commission, which among other things, works to prevent financial fraud against the elderly. Barry Spear, a spokesman for the Human Resources Department, said he could not comment on any investigation, noting that such inquiries are confidential. But he said investigations into elder abuse are done at the discretion of the department, based on an initial assessment of a complaint, and they can involve law enforcement if there is evidence of financial exploitation.
Caseworkers generally talk to people who may be victims to evaluate their physical, mental and emotional state, and they interview doctors, family members, caretakers and friends, Mr. Spear said.
Among some high-profile bills that Nebraska have been expected to make it to the state senate's calendar this year is a revival of efforts to start a voter ID program. Will they ensure everyone has a voter ID before the requirement is enforced? Of course not, just like in other states controlled by the Republicans that are regrettably using this strategy still.
The following is from an article written by Grant Schulte from the Associated Press. You can also take a look at the full article titled, Nebraska senators hope to revive stalled bills in 2018. A key excerpt:
Lawmakers will once again consider legislation that could require voters to show a government-issued identification card at the polls. Sen. John Murante of Gretna said he plans to introduce legislation to complement a pending measure that would put the issue before voters in the November general election. Murante said the new measures would give lawmakers several options of how the voter ID proposal would work, if voters approve it. Critics say voter ID measures are a solution in search of a non-existent problem in Nebraska and could disenfranchise voters who typically side with Democrats.
Another election related issue they may consider is in regard to calling for a constitutional convention. The article noted,”Conservative lawmakers also will renew their push to have Nebraska join other states in calling for a constitutional convention”.
Practices
The World Pantheist Movement does not have any set ceremonies or commandments. Because we do not believe in any supernatural powers, we feel no external compulsion to enact rituals, or to enact them in any specific way. Even so, many members do feel an internal desire to mark special times of the day, the year, or the passage of one's life, with ceremony, celebration or reflection. They find that to do so deepen their links with the universe, the solar system and nature. Many members enjoy meeting together, because they find that they share a lot with other WPM members, and that meeting helps to create mutual support and confidence in one's beliefs in an environment that, in many places, may be hostile. The meetings may take any format that the members choose. We offer only suggestions. As far as ethics go the WPM has no commandments. Many members share a strong ethos towards nature, embodied in clause three of the belief statement:
We are an inseparable part of Nature, which we should cherish, revere and preserve in all its magnificent beauty and diversity. We should strive to live in harmony with Nature locally and globally. We believe in treating all living creatures with compassion, empathy, and respect. We believe in the inherent value of all life, human and non-human.
And many share a general social ethos, embodied in clause four:
We believe in freedom, democracy, justice, equity, and non-discrimination, and in a world community based on peace, an end to poverty, sustainable ways of life, and full respect for human rights.
However, ethical practice for WPM members will always be a matter for individual conscience. Ceremonial and group practice will be a matter for individual or group taste. Suggestions may be made, as in the links below, but these are no more than guidelines. If you are interested in joining the WPM please check out the benefits and subscriptions page or click the Join button on any page.
It's game day! Football kicks off Friday night for Florida Atlantic University.
It's the first game with new head coach Lane Kiffin and he's got quite the resume. That's what the athletic department believes is contributing to record ticket sales never seen in years.
They're expecting a packed stadium at FAU as they take on Navy at 8 p.m. kickoff.
We spoke with countless students who are stoked for for the first game of the season.
“I'm so ready. I mean, we've got Lane Kiffin coming in, I hear he got awesome players for the season. We almost sold out the stadium. I'm going to the game with my brothers! It's gonna be a great time," said Jack Dykeman, an FAU junior who has never missed a home game.
For the first time in two years, the student section sold out. FAU had to expand it from 5,000 seats to 6,000 just to accommodate the demand.
“I've been to football games at UF and FSU and it's kind of something we need at FAU and with Lane Kiffin and growing student body, it's something I see happening now," said Dykeman.
Pat Chun, Vice President and Director of Athletics for FAU, said this is the culmination of a process that started last December when they hired Kiffin.
"Coach Kiffin has been with us since December," said Chun. "He's done an incredible job with recruiting, marketing the program and rebuilding certain things that needed to be rebuilt," said Chun. “He's been head coach at Tennessee, USC, the Oakland Raiders. He's been national offensive coordinator of the year, he won national championship on Nick Saban's staff at Alabama -- so his credentials are second to none."
Fundraising has even gone up since Kiffin's hiring.
“Our season tickets are up significantly, new season ticket holders is up significantly, our retention from past season ticket holders is up 90 percent, which is a school record," said Chun.
FAU has only had three winning seasons since 2004. Their last bowl appearance was in 2008.
“I think he's gonna bring a better second half of the game, because that's where we slacked the past two years," said Thomas Gilmore, a junior who has also never missed a home game.
And the last time they had a sold out stadium was the University of Miami game two years ago.
“We recognize Miami had a bunch of fans that filled the stadium, but tonight's really more about us," said Chun.
Friday night's game will be airing on ESPN-U.
“I told my dad to record the game back home because I really really wanna be on the screen, I'm gonna see it," said Gilmore.
FAU's stadium has a capacity to seat 30,000 people. Friday night's game was less than 3,000 tickets away from selling out. Staff advises that fans arrive early and plan ahead before games this season.
“it's going to be college football at it's best. This is exactly what FAU envisioned when it built the stadium," said Chun. “At the end of the day, we're going to be able to showcase ourselves and really let the world see that this is a really special place here."
Des Moines Water Works CEO Bill Stowe plans to recommend an increase of roughly 10 percent on water rates for the coming year. (Photo: AP)
DES MOINES, Iowa — The utility that provides water to 500,000 Des Moines customers says it's set a record in 2015 for the number of days it operated equipment to remove nitrate from water.
Des Moines Water Works said Monday its nitrate removal equipment ran 177 days last year, surpassing 106 days in 1999.
It cost the utility $1.5 million to run the equipment which keeps tap water below the federally mandated nitrate level of 10 milligrams per liter for drinking water.
Water Works CEO Bill Stowe says upstream farm drainage systems washing fertilizer from farm fields are the largest contributors to high nitrate levels.
Water Works has sued three upstream counties blaming them for the nitrate problem.
The counties say there's no proof farm field 200 miles upstream cause Des Moines' nitrate problem.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1OIjAH3
This guest contribution was submitted by Pamelia Brown, who specializes in writing about associates degree. Questions and comments can be sent to: pamelia.brown@gmail.com. If you would like to write for us, join Cyber World Community.
Bloggers are an interesting breed, especially those of us who blog full time. We essentially spend the majority of our day interacting with all kinds of people over the internet. Much of our work consists of sitting in front of a computer, reading other blogs and websites, and writing and publishing our own posts for our audiences to read.
In a way, there are those of us who are meant to be bloggers and those of us who aren't, just like there are those of us who are meant to become teachers, or soldiers, or dog trainers, and some who aren't. If you're interested in becoming a blogger, then you should consider trying to figure out whether or not blogging is right for you. Of course, it can't hurt to give it a shot regardless, but at least you'll have an idea as to what sorts of personal qualities make people good bloggers.
Are you opinionated and passionate about a subject?
One thing I've found that is most important to me when I blog is that I am passionate about whatever I'm blogging on, and that I am opinionated. Both of these traits have really kept me focused when it comes to me blogging. They have given me the confidence in my blogging, because I know that my passion and my opinions encourage others to take interest in what I blog about, which spurs great discussion among readers.
Do you feel comfortable sharing your writing with others?
You should also have confidence in your writing skills because your writing will be read by many readers, so you have to be willing to share that writing with others. It will certainly help if you think you're a good writer, but that's not a prerequisite by any means. What you should really strive for is being comfortable with putting your opinions out there and starting a discussion.
Are you organized and a hard worker?
On its surface, blogging seems really simple: you just publish blog posts. But, in fact, blogging requires that you handle a bunch of other responsibilities if you want to really be successful and make money off of your blog. For example, bloggers also need to track down guest posts, contact advertisers, manage their accounts, and use social media, among other things.
Do you consider yourself to be a people person?
Part of blogging means that you have to interact with others: readers, commenters, fellow bloggers. When you start a blog, whether you like it or not, you join a community of like-minded bloggers, many of whom will reach out to you in order to make the community stronger. If you're not a people person, this may be difficult to keep up meaningful relationships with others in the community.
Can you handle pressure and obstacles in your way?
Finally, something bloggers need to keep in mind is that blogging has its fair share of obstacles and mounting pressures. Bloggers need to be able to deal with drawbacks in their blogging. For example, some bloggers get incredibly frustrated when their traffic numbers don't increase as quickly as they would like. If you can handle pressure and deal with minor setbacks, then you'll be able to respond to them by coming up with a new plan to improve your blog.
Do you have any other points to share, add it in comment section.
House, see "House divided" redirects here. For the episode of the TV series, see House Divided
Lincoln in 1858
The House Divided Speech was an address given by Abraham Lincoln, later President of the United States, on June 16, 1858, at what was then the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield, after he had accepted the Illinois Republican Party's nomination as that state's US senator. The speech became the launching point for his unsuccessful campaign for the seat, held by Stephen A. Douglas; the campaign would climax with the Lincoln-Douglas debates of 1858.
Lincoln's remarks in Springfield created an image of the danger of slavery-based disunion, and it rallied Republicans across the North. Along with the Gettysburg Address and his second inaugural address, the speech became one of the best-known speeches of his career. The best-known passage of the speech is this:[1]
A house divided against itself, cannot stand. I believe this government cannot endure, permanently, half slave and half free. I do not expect the Union to be dissolved — I do not expect the house to fall — but I do expect it will cease to be divided. It will become all one thing or all the other. Either the opponents of slavery will arrest the further spread of it, and place it where the public mind shall rest in the belief that it is in the course of ultimate extinction; or its advocates will push it forward, till it shall become lawful in all the States, old as well as new — North as well as South.
Lincoln's goals were to differentiate himself from Douglas - the incumbent - and to voice a prophecy publicly. Douglas had long advocated popular sovereignty under which the settlers in each new territory would decide their own status as a slave or free state; he had repeatedly asserted that the proper application of popular sovereignty would prevent slavery-induced conflict and would allow northern and southern states to resume their peaceful coexistence. Lincoln, however, responded that the Dred Scott decision had closed the door on Douglas's preferred option, leaving the Union with only two remaining outcomes: the country would inevitably become either all slave or all free. Now that the North and the South had come to hold distinct opinions in the question of slavery, and now the issue had come to permeate every other political question, the Union would soon no longer be able to function.
Quotes [ edit ]
"A house divided against itself cannot stand." I believe this government cannot endure, permanently half slave and half free . I do not expect the Union to be dissolved —I do not expect the house to fall —but I do expect it will cease to be divided. It will become all one thing, or all the other. Either the opponents of slavery, will arrest the further spread of it, and place it where the public mind shall rest in the belief that it is in course of ultimate extinction; or its advocates will push it forward, till it shall become alike lawful in all the states, old as well as new — North as well as South . Have we no tendency to the latter condition? Let any one who doubts, carefully contemplate that now almost complete legal combination— piece of machinery so to speak—compounded of the Nebraska doctrine, and the Dred Scott decision.
and half . I do not expect the Union to be —I do not expect the house to —but I expect it will cease to be divided. It will become one thing, or the other. Either the of slavery, will arrest the further spread of it, and place it where the public mind shall rest in the belief that it is in course of ultimate extinction; or its will push it forward, till it shall become alike lawful in the states, as well as — as well as . Have we no to the latter condition? Let any one who doubts, carefully contemplate that now almost complete legal combination— piece of so to speak—compounded of the Nebraska doctrine, and the Dred Scott decision. The Kansas-Nebraska Act opened all the national territory to slavery .... This ... had been provided for ... in the notable argument of " squatter sovereignty ," otherwise called "s acred right of self government ," which latter phrase, though expressive of the only rightful basis of any government, was so perverted in this attempted use of it as to amount to just this: That if any one man, choose to enslave another , no third man shall be allowed to object.
," otherwise called "s ," which latter phrase, though expressive of the only rightful basis of any government, was so perverted in this attempted use of it as to amount to just this: That if any man, choose to enslave , no man shall be allowed to object. While the Nebraska Bill was passing through Congress, a law case, involving the question of a negro's freedom ... was passing through the U.S. Circuit Court for the District of Missouri; and both Nebraska Bill and lawsuit were brought to a decision in the same month of May, 1854. The Negro's name was "Dred Scott" ....
[The points decided by the "Dred Scott" decision include] that whether the holding a negro in actual slavery in a free state, makes him free, as against the holder, the United States courts will not decide, but will leave to be decided by the courts of any slave state the negro may be forced into by the master. This point is made, not to be pressed immediately ... [that] the logical conclusion that what Dred Scott's master might lawfully do with Dred Scott, in the free state Illinois, every other master may lawfully do with any other one , or one thousand slaves, in Illinois, or in any other free state.
, or one slaves, in Illinois, or in any other free state. While the opinion of ... Chief Justice Taney, in the Dred Scott case ... expressly declare[s] that the Constitution of the United States neither permits congress nor a territorial legislature to exclude slavery from any United States territory, ... [Taney] omit [s] to declare whether or not the same constitution permits a state , or the people of a state, to exclude it. Possibly, this was a mere omission; but who can be quite sure ....
[s] to declare whether or not the same constitution permits a , or the people of a state, to exclude it. Possibly, this was a mere omission; but who can be quite sure .... Illinois House of Representatives chamber, the site of the speech. almost the language too, of the Nebraska Act. On one occasion his exact language is, "except in cases where the power is restrained by the Constitution of the United States, the law of the State is supreme over the subject of slavery within its jurisdiction." In what cases the power of the states is so restrained by the U.S. Constitution, is left an open question, precisely as the same question, as to the restraint on the power of the territories was left open in the Nebraska Act. Put that and that together, and we have another nice little niche, which we may, ere long, see filled with another Supreme Court decision, declaring that the Constitution of the United States does not permit a state to exclude slavery from its limits. And this may especially be expected if the doctrine of "care not whether slavery be voted down or voted up" shall gain upon the public mind sufficiently to give promise that such a decision can be maintained when made.
the language too, of the Nebraska Act. On one occasion his exact language is, "except in cases where the power is restrained by the Constitution of the United States, the law of the State is supreme over the subject of slavery within its jurisdiction." In what the power of the is so restrained by the U.S. Constitution, is left an question, precisely as the same question, as to the restraint on the power of the was left open in the Nebraska Act. Put and together, and we have another nice little niche, which we may, ere long, see filled with another Supreme Court decision, declaring that the Constitution of the United States does not permit a to exclude slavery from its limits. And this may especially be expected if the doctrine of "care not whether slavery be voted down or voted up" shall gain upon the public mind sufficiently to give promise that such a decision can be maintained when made. Such a decision is all that slavery now lacks of being alike lawful in all the States. Welcome, or unwelcome, such decision is probably coming, and will soon be upon us, unless the power of the present political dynasty shall be met and overthrown. We shall lie down pleasantly dreaming that the people of Missouri are on the verge of making their State free, and we shall awake to the reality instead that the Supreme Court has made Illinois a slave
Origins of "House Divided" [ edit ]
In the Gospel of Mark 3:25, Jesus states, "And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand." That is in response to the scribes' claim that "by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils."[2]
Also, in the Gospel of Matthew 12:25, KJV:
25 And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto him, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:
Saint Augustine, in his Confessions (Book 8, Chapter 8) describes his conversion experience as being "a house divided against itself."
Thomas Hobbes, in his 1651 Leviathan (Chapter 18), states that "a kingdom divided in itself cannot stand."
In Thomas Paine's 1776 Common Sense, he describes the composition of monarchy "hath all the distinctions of a house divided against itself. ... "
During the War of 1812 a line appeared in a letter from Abigail Adams to Mercy Otis Warren: "... A house divided upon itself - and upon that foundation do our enemies build their hopes of subduing us."[3]
The "house divided" phrase had been used by Lincoln himself in another context in 1843.[4]
Famously, eight years before Lincoln's speech, during the Senate debate on the Compromise of 1850, Sam Houston had proclaimed: "A nation divided against itself cannot stand."
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Alley Pond Park is the second-largest public park in Queens, New York City. It occupies 655.294 acres (265.188 ha), most of it acquired and cleared by the city in 1929, as authorized by a resolution of the New York City Board of Estimate in 1927.[1] The park is bordered to the east by Douglaston, to the west by Bayside, to the north by Little Neck Bay, and to the south by Union Turnpike. It is run and operated by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
The park contains the Queens Giant, an old tulip poplar (Liriodendron tulipifera) that is the tallest carefully measured tree in New York City and probably the oldest living thing in the New York metropolitan area.[2]
Cross Island Parkway transects the park from north to south, while the Long Island Expressway and Grand Central Parkway transect the park from east to west. South of the Long Island Expressway, there are woodlands, and north of it, there are meadowlands.
The Alley Pond Environmental Center, with a library, museum and animal exhibits, is located in the northern part of the park, on the south side of Northern Boulevard.
Geography [ edit ]
Creek, shown here at high tide, flows into Little Neck Bay, bridged by the Long Island Rail Road Port Washington Branch
The park occupies part of a terminal moraine, a ridge of sand and rock, that was formed by a glacier 15,000 years ago, at the southern terminus of the Laurentide ice sheet. Boulders dropped by the glaciers on the hillsides of the southern end of the park still remain, as do scatter kettle ponds formed by melting ice. The valley features both fresh water, draining into the valley from the hills and bubbling up from natural springs, and salt water from Little Neck Bay; this promotes ecodiversity, with freshwater and saltwater wetlands, tidal flats, meadows, and forests accommodating abundant bird life.[3]
History [ edit ]
What is now Alley Pond Park was once home to the Matinecock, who harvested shellfish from Little Neck Bay. The English began to colonize the area by the 1630s, when Charles I granted Thomas Foster 600 acres (240 ha), on which he built a stone cottage near what is now Northern Boulevard. Mills were built on Alley Creek by Englishmen Thomas Hicks and James Hedges, while other colonists used the valley as a route to Brooklyn, the Hempstead Plains and the Manhattan ferries. George Washington (1732–1799) is thought to have used this route for his 1790 tour of Long Island. The valley's usage as a passage, or perhaps its shape, may ultimately account for its name; in any case, an 18th-century commercial and manufacturing center there became known as "the Alley".[3]
Despite this center and light industrial uses that dated back to Hicks' and Hedges' mills, the area remained agricultural and largely unspoiled into the 20th century. In 1908, as motorists sought attractive areas for expeditions, William Kissam Vanderbilt built his privately run Long Island Motor Parkway through the area in 1908. By the 1920s, automobiles were proliferating faster—and so were people, as the population of Queens doubled during that decade. With open space becoming less plentiful, the City of New York began setting aside land for parks, and it acquired the Alley site for this purpose on June 24, 1929. Later that year, the Parks department expanded the park into 330 newly acquired acres surrounding the alley and removed some older structures. After this acquisition had been approved, Mayor James J. Walker (1881–1946) declared that "there is no better site in Queens".[3]
In 1935, the park officially opened with ceremony attended by Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia (1882–1947) and Parks Commissioner Robert Moses. Already, the park boasted 26 acres (11 ha) of new playing fields; the Alley Pond Park Nature Trail, which was the city's first of its kind; a 23-acre (9.3 ha) bird sanctuary; bridle paths; tennis court; picnic areas; and a 200-space parking lot.[3]
The Parks Department added a 2.5 miles (4.0 km) bicycle path in 1937, having acquired and converted Vanderbilt's parkway. It runs west into Cunningham Park as part of the 40 miles (64 km) Brooklyn-Queens Greenway from Bayside to Prospect Park and Coney Island.[3]
Since the 1930s, the Parks Department acted with more "zeal" for recreation than for conservation, which was the other purpose of parks.[3] The Department filled in much of the Valley's marsh lands to construct recreational facilities and roads, namely, the Long Island Expressway and Cross Island Parkway. By 1974, the Department and City had begun to make the environment a higher priority, creating the Wetlands Reclamation Project to rehabilitate the park's natural wetlands. In 1976, the Alley Pond Environmental Center opened with a mission of educational and ecological education. For conservation purposes, the City acquired over $10.9 million worth of new land for the park, and in 1993, almost $1 million was spent to restore the Picnic Grove, renovate two stone buildings, and reconstruct the playground and soccer field.[1]
In 2017, Alley Pond Park's 17-year-old African tortoise Millennium was stolen from the park. In a police investigation in which the thief returned the tortoise, he apparently had traded the 100-pound reptile for a musk turtle in Connecticut, transporting the tortoise via public transportation.[4]
Queens Giant [ edit ]
The "Queens Giant" measures 133.8 feet (40.8 m) tall and is probably the oldest living thing in the New York metropolitan area
The sign posted at the site of the Queens Giant
The Queens Giant (also known as the Alley Pond Giant or Alley Pond Park Giant), at , is an old tulip poplar (Liriodendron tulipifera) that is located in Alley Pond Park, being the tallest carefully measured tree in New York City, and it might also be the oldest living thing in the New York metropolitan area.[2] As of 2005 , the tree measured 133.8 feet (40.8 m) tall and is probably 350-400 (and possibly as much as 450) years old.[5]
The Queens Giant is hidden within a grove, barely visible from westbound Interstate 495. The tree is near the Douglaston Plaza Mall, and is accessible by foot from Alley Pond Park. There are no signs to it, but it can be viewed in an Urban Park Ranger tour.[5] The Queens Giant is surrounded by a metal fence on all sides to protect it, and a hill and a sign describing the tree stand in front of it.[5]
A tree in Staten Island, known as the Clove Lake Colossus, has rivaled the Queens Giant for a long time. The Clove Lake Colossus has a more massive trunk, but it is only 119 feet (36 m) tall.[2]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Queens Giant:
A man convicted of killing a San Jose State student while driving drunk three years ago pleaded not guilty Monday to another DUI charge in Southern California. (Published Monday, June 26, 2017)
A man convicted of killing a San Jose State student while driving drunk three years ago pleaded not guilty Monday to another DUI charge in Southern California.
Authorities said 24-year-old Soloman Friese was taken into custody last week after leading officers on a 12-mile chase through Coachella Valley. Riverside County Sheriff's deputies arrested Friese in Desert Hot Springs after his car crashed into another vehicle.
No one was injured.
Friese is still on probation for the San Jose case in which he was convicted of gross vehicular manslaughter in 2014 after he hit and killed Chi Lam, an engineering student at San Jose State. Friese was sentenced to two years in prison in that case.
The recently concluded ICC Women's World Cup 2017 has been a revelation on multiple fronts. The quality of cricket that was on display showed that women's cricket, that has taken a backseat to its men's counterpart for much of its history, has truly come to the fore. It also announced India's arrival on the big stage in women's cricket.
Advertising
According to reports a record 1.1 million tuned in from UK alone to view the final that was played between India and England. Reports also state that this figure is equal to the average audience that tunes in to watch the wildly popular Premier League's Sunday afternoon matches, according to statistics from the Broadcasters Audience Research Board. According to The Times, 150 million watched at least part of the summit clash between India and England. The ICC had also recently revealed that he is global audience for group matches was between 50 and 80 percent higher than the last World Cup.
India lost the final at Lord's in dramatic fashion, handing England a fourth World Cup title. Chasing 219, India were cruising at 191 for the loss of three wickets in the 42nd over. From there, though, England fought back and ensured that India lost their next seven wickets for less than 30 runs. Anya Shrubsole took six wickets in the match and England won by nine runs. Despite the loss, the tournament is seen as a revelation for women's cricket in the country with the likes of Harmanpreet Kaur, Punam Raut and Smriti Mandhana showcasing their quality. There have been calls for the BCCI to conduct a women's IPL since the end of a tournament.
Colleen Schmidt, CTV Calgary
The Wildrose Party paid for a poll of Fort McMurray residents and says the results show overwhelming support for the resignation of PC MLA Mike Allen.
The poll was conducted by Abingdon Research two days after Allen was arrested in a prostitution sting by police in St. Paul, Minnesota while on government business.
The Wildrose says the poll shows:
That 65 percent of residents across Fort McMurray believe he should resign
That 69 percent of Allen's constituents in Fort McMurray-Wood Buffalo believe he should step aside
"Mr. Allen today said he would stay on as the MLA while he determines what course of action his constituents want him to take,” Wildrose Official Opposition Leader Danielle Smith said. “That course of action couldn't be clearer. Seven out of every ten of his constituents want him to resign and have the opportunity to elect a new MLA. If he's serious about following his constituent's wishes then there is only one course of action he can take: Resign."
Mike Allen, 51, says he will consult with his constituents and will stay on the job in the meantime.
"I do know that whatever way it goes, I will, whether I am sitting in the legislature as an independent of not, this is the community I love and I will continue to advance the needs in any way I can," said Allen.
The poll was paid for by the Wildrose Party and received 219 responses.
It has a margin of error of 6.6 percent, 19 times out of 20.
TORONTO — Most of Canada's top football prospects took centre stage at the CFL Combine, but what about those who didn't compete?
In the end, pro days will play an important role as teams look to evaluate top talent ahead of the May CFL Draft.
“Pro days provide a chance for players who didn't get invites to combines to show what they can do in front of scouts,” said CFL.ca Insider Justin Dunk. “Hidden gems with pro physical and athletic traits can be uncovered.”
Second-ranked prospect David Onyemata made headlines heading into the Combine weekend event by announcing he'd be the first Manitoba Bison to hold his own pro day. He put up strong numbers and confirmed his status as an elite football prospect, and not just on the Canadian side of the border either.
Projected first overall pick Josiah St. John was at the Combine and did interview with teams but didn't test. He held his pro day in the days leading up to Combine, then met face to face with many of the league's scouts, coaches and general managers.
While the CFL Combine gave us a greater sense of the top prospects heading into the CFL Draft, we take a look at some of the players who weren't there and how they performed at their pro day:
Josiah St. John, OL — Oklahoma
March 9, 2016 — Oklahoma University Pro Day
Josiah St. John is the third-ranked prospect in the CFL Scouting Bureau but so far has been pegged as the number one overall pick in both of Justin Dunk's 2016 Mock Drafts. The 6-foot-6, 308-pound tackle may be the only offensive lineman in the CFL with potential to start on the outside for a CFL team.
PRO DAY RESULTS
Height 6-foot-6* Weight 308 pounds* Vertical Jump 27″ Broad Jump 8'10” Bench Press 17 reps 40-Yard Dash 5.39 seconds 3-Cone 8.11 seconds 20-Yard Shuttle 4.76 seconds
*Measurements not from Pro Day
From CFL.ca's Justin Dunk: “Linemen with the upside to play offensive tackle as a Canadian are rare. [St. John] leads the pack to go No. 1 overall for now.”
Juwan Brescacin, WR — Northern Illinois
March 11, 2016 — Northern Illinois Pro Day
One of the less talked about prospects in the CFL Scouting Bureau, the 6-foot-4, 227-pound Juwan Brescacin likely solidified his ranking as the country's 12th best prospect after jumping a solid 36.5 inches in the vertical.
Brescacin, who had 24 catches for 298 yards and a touchdown in his final season with the Huskies, also ran a 4.62 in the 40 while pushing nine reps on the bench.
PRO DAY RESULTS
Height 6-foot-4 Weight 227 pounds Vertical Jump 36.5″ Broad Jump 9'1″ Bench Press 9 reps 40-Yard Dash 4.62 seconds 3-Cone N/A Pro Agility Shuttle N/A
From Brescacin via the Daily Chronicle: “Coming in here, I felt pretty fresh and explosive. The biggest thing was catching all my footballs, and I did that. I was told I looked pretty smooth in my routes. I'm happy.”
David Onyemata, DL — University of Manitoba
March 14, 2016 — University of Manitoba Pro Day
It took less than 24 hours for the combine spotlight to shift to Manitoba's David Onyemata. The defensive tackle became the first ever Manitoba Bison to hold his own pro day, and on March 14 he dominated in front of 17 NFL teams and one CFL team.
Onyemata is the second-ranked player in the CFL Scouting Bureau and asserted his status as a top prospect, pressing 33 reps on the bench while running a 5.06 in the 40 — an impressive number for a 6-foot-3, 300-pound interior defensive lineman.
PRO DAY RESULTS
Height 6-foot-3 Weight 300 pounds Vertical Jump 33″ Broad Jump 9'11” Bench Press 33 reps 40-Yard Dash 5.06 seconds 3-Cone 7.25 seconds Pro Agility Shuttle 4.65 seconds
From CFL.ca's Justin Dunk: “After NFL evaluators were able to see Onyemata in person, his draft stock went up. It seems like there is a real possibility he could be a mid-round NFL pick and in turn that would cause him to slide down the CFL board.”
Trent Corney, DL — University of Virginia
March 15, 2016 — University of Virginia Pro Day
UVA DE Trent Corney just did 34 reps. Would have tied for No. 1 at the Combine. Doesn't all fit in the video. pic.twitter.com/tguHwXOG0s — michael phillips (@michaelpRTD) March 15, 2016
The eighth-ranked prospect on the CFL Scouting Bureau, Trent Corney's game is all about strength — something he put on full display at the University of Virginia Cavaliers' Pro Day on March 15.
With 35 scouts in attendance, the powerful Corney put up 34 reps on the bench press, matching the top performance at February's NFL Scouting Combine.
PRO DAY RESULTS
Height 6-foot-2 Weight 254 pounds Vertical Jump 38″ Broad Jump 10'6″ Bench Press 34 reps 40-Yard Dash 4.5 seconds* 3-Cone N/A Pro Agility Shuttle N/A
*Denotes unofficial time
CFL scout via 3-Down Nation: “You put his tape in and it's really good. He held his own against Notre Dame's Ronnie Stanley, who could be a top-15 NFL pick as an offensive tackle.”
Mehdi Abdesmad, DL — Boston College
March 16, 2016 — Boston College Pro Day
Feb. 26-29, 2016 — NFL Combine
Abdesmad, the fourth-ranked prospect in the CFL Scouting Bureau, participated at the NFL Combine in February, then at a Boston College Pro Day on March 16 in front of 16 NFL teams. A 6-foot-6, 284-pound defensive lineman, he was an All-ACC honourable mention after recording 49 tackles (15 for loss) and 5.5 sacks.
While Abdesmad did participate in both a pro day and the NFL Combine, Boston College would not make his pro day results available publicly.
NFL COMBINE RESULTS
Height 6-foot-6 Weight 284 pounds Vertical Jump 29.5″ Broad Jump 9′ Bench Press 25 reps 40-Yard Dash 5.10 seconds 3-Cone 7.55 seconds 20-Yard Shuttle 4.62 seconds
From NFL.com: “Abdesmad is an intriguing prospect due to his size and impact tackle production. He's big and strong enough, but his poor pad level and hand usage prevents him from reaching his full potential. While his knees have been an issue in the past, he looked unaffected this season and could become a rotational tackle/end for a 3-­4 team.”
Arjen Colquhoun, DB — Michigan State
March 16, 2016 — Michigan State Pro Day
Once penned by Justin Dunk's 2016 CFL Mock Draft to go second overall, a strong showing at the Michigan State Pro Day has since dropped Arjen Colquhoun off the first-round radar.
The thinking is that Colquhoun, a player that some scouts say could start from day one in the CFL, hasn't slipped off anyone's radar south of the border.
PRO DAY RESULTS
Height 6-foot-1 Weight 189 pounds Vertical Jump 37″ Broad Jump 10'1″ Bench Press N/A 40-Yard Dash 4.55 seconds 3-Cone N/A Shuttle 4.16 seconds
CFL Scout via 3-Down Nation: “He could come in and be a starter at corner in our league.”
Tevaun Smith, WR — Iowa State
March 21, 2016 — Iowa State Pro Day
The number one-ranked player in the CFL Scouting Bureau, Tevaun Smith wasn't invited to the NFL Scouting Combine but turned heads at Iowa's Pro Day, particularly with his 40-yard dash time of 4.38 seconds — a mark that would've landed third among receivers at the NFL Combine.
Smith hasn't been viewed as a first-round prospect in the CFL so far, but the Toronto native could see his stock on the rise.
PRO DAY RESULTS
Is there comparisons to be made? Yes, just as how FPS games can be compared.
Melee BG will be very different in total from all the other medieval games, not only the combat system is unlike the others but also from how the actual game works, especially the UI and its options from allowing groups, queuing for gamemodes or a competitive arena mode, quick access to friends and so on, to the intricate workings of base building, Stronghold mode and the whole Social aspect of the game where all players can hang out and have fun with their friends and clans, brawl with each other, look at ongoing arena battles or arranged tournaments, set up a booth to sell/trade items, or use the marketplace.
There's a heavy focus on customization and heraldry, on being able to properly differentiate oneself on the battlefield — you should be able to know who your friends and nemesis are based on what they're wearing — we're working on adding a ton of armors, weapons and items into the game, enough for everyone to be unique. Customization doesn't just end with simply getting a new item or armor, there'll be alternative looks (skins) which can be acquired, get that green handle you always wanted on your sword, or that rusty look on your armor. You'll also be able to name tag your weapons and possibly some armor types as well, pass it down the chain as a heirloom.
Weapons modification will also be available, make your weapon a little bit faster, heavier and so on, all with each their benefits and drawbacks to preserve balance.
Fun elements. All games need something that's not 100% serious in order to lighten up the mood, to enable people to fool around sometimes. For Melee it'll be a lot of fun emotes, the possibility to play on instruments (fitting for the period of time), to playing mini-games against each other where there's rankings and more.
We'll also be a game that's in direct contact with our community, who listens to suggestions and won't be afraid to test them out on for example a special Patch/Dev server. For the cRPG mod we have over 81000 posts in our suggestion forum, we hope to see something similar for Melee.
Like vitamin D deficit [11], Mg deficit is considered to be a risk factor for cardiovascular disease [12]. Thus, the presented interactions between Mg, vitamin D and cardiovascular mortality fit well together. Nevertheless, for several reasons, data should be considered preliminary. First, associations are based on oral Mg intake. The assessment of oral Mg intake does not take into account inter-individual differences in intestinal Mg absorption and renal and cutaneous Mg loss. It would have been more appropriate to use biochemical data, such as plasma Mg levels (levels of 0.79 to 0.76 mmol/l have been classified as inadequate and levels <0.76 mmol/l as deficient), to assess individual Mg status. Unfortunately, plasma levels of Mg are still rarely assessed, whereas measurement of circulating 25OHD levels has exploded in the clinical setting in recent years [13]. Second, total Mg intake, 25OHD status and physical activity level were clearly interrelated [5]. High Mg intake may thus only be an indicator for high physical activity, which is known to influence 25OHD status (and cardiovascular mortality). Even adjustment for physical activity may not completely solve the problem of potential bias. Third, no data on circulating levels of the biologically active form of vitamin D, 1,25(OH) 2 D, were presented. Circulating 1,25(OH) 2 D is probably a better predictor of total mortality compared with circulating 25OHD, at least if mid-term mortality is assessed [14]. Circulating 1,25(OH) 2 D declines significantly (and parathyroid hormone levels increase substantially) at 25OHD levels below 10 ng/ml, whereas levels of both hormones seem to plateau at 25OHD levels of 20 ng/ml [15]. Notably, three out of the four 25OHD categories in the mortality analysis of the present investigation were above 20 ng/ml, and none covered the range that the IOM has classified as deficient. It would have been interesting to see whether the combination of inadequate Mg intake with 25OHD levels below 12 ng/ml is associated with a further mortality increase.
EA has recently released its financial earnings report for the second quarter of 2013's fiscal year and it seems the Battlefield franchise is now the publisher's new goldmine.
According to EA's numbers, Battlefield 3's subscription service — Battlefield 3 Premium — has now over two million subscribers. For those keeping score, this is a rather significant jump of over 700,000 new subscribers from July's 1.3 milion subscriber base.
In keeping line with BF3 Premium's success, EA has also revealed that Battlefield 3 has now shipped over 17 million copies worldwide. Mind you, this is shipped and not sold. But seeing as retailers are still ordering, I'm guessing people are still buying DICE's shooter.
Add those impressive figures to FIFA '13's sold through number of 7.4 million units, and this might just offset EA's disappointment with Danger Close's Medal of Honor Warfighter — supposedly, the publisher's big game holiday 2012 title.
Frank Gibeau, EA president, commented that "On the strength of our digital extensions, FIFA and Battlefield are the two biggest revenue events in our company's history. Both are well on their way to becoming billion dollar annual franchises."
Regarding Gibeau's statement, does this mean the Battlefield franchise will be an annual franchise, too? Not to be pessimistic, but I highly doubt Warfighter will even come close to half of Battlefield 3's success. If so, can DICE handle a yearly iteration of its Battlefield franchise?
While we can't answer that for now, given Battlefield 3 Premiums success, I think it's safe to say that Battlefield 4 Premium is now an inevitability.
One thing's for certain though, Activision's Call of Duty franchise now has a formidable new opponent.
Would you be okay with a yearly Battlefield game? If so, do you think DICE can keep the quality up if they did?
When it comes to Triple Sec (or Triple Dry) orange liqueur, the eight hundred pound gorilla in the room is Cointreau. So pervasive, Cointreau is often called out by brand name in many cocktail recipes, including the famous Cosmopolitan, rather than simply calling for Triple Sec. There's a good reason for this – Cointreau is an excellent liqueur – but it would be a mistake to start and end any conversation about Triple Sec with just Cointreau.
Combier Liqueur D'Orange bills itself as the original Triple Orange. Created in 1834 in Samur, France, Combier actually pre-dates Cointreau by fifteen years. Being the first of its kind or being the biggest really doesn't matter once you pour it in the glass. Although they are both sourced from the dried peels of bitter and sweet orange, Combier and Cointreau are distinctly different.
Combier Liqueur D'Orange (80 Proof -$35) is crystal clear in color. The nose is light orange peel with a distinctively sweet undertone. The nose is much lighter than Cointreau. The entry is fairly thick and sweet and it unfolds nicely into a slightly spicy bitter orange with an undercurrent of simple syrup. Combier is sweet without being overly sweet. The bittersweet orange flavors peak in the mid-palate as the mouthfeel changes from thick to much thinner. The finish is pretty long and leaves a nice light orange flavor in the palate combined with some nice cooling. There's the smallest hint of heat in the finish.
Combier Liqueur D'Orange is a lot more subtle than Cointreau and slightly more complex. There's a very nice balance here between the bitter orange peel notes and the sweet undertones that carry this spirit forward with just a suggestion of spice to pull it all together. While Combier is designed perfectly to be a supporting player in cocktails, it also is exceptional on its own over ice. It's also the key ingredient in our Improved Vodka Soda. It's an excellent product and one which we highly recommend. Highly Recommended
It's important to note at a recent event on Triple Sec we attended, several triple secs were put through a luge test (where you add ice or water) only Cointreau and Combier actually luged, showing that they had enough natural oils to cloud the liquid.
For those of us who waited four long years to see the United States reclaim its moral mantle as leader of the free world and protector of human rights, tonight's news that President Donald Trump struck at the Syrian tyrant Bashar al-Assad is electrifying.
Who among us has seen the images of dead Arab children in Syria over the last few days, and not felt shaken to our core at the injustice of it all? Who among us has seen the frothing at the mouth of innocent men and women, attacked by Assad with Sarin gas, and wondered how the world can watch in silence? Who among us has not felt shamed and humiliated by our own impotence?
It is 2017 and people are still being murdered by poison gas with the world watching in silence. That, my friends, is an abomination.
And now, finally, the United States rises to the occasion and shows that human life has value. Those who devalue it will suffer serious consequences. Kill babies and you will be killed yourself. So you had better think twice before you drop those gas canisters.
We human beings are not God. We are not all-powerful. We are not omnipotent. We cannot punish every unrighteous iniquity. We cannot strike at every fiend. But we can punish the worst offenders so that others might take notice.
And if gassing children is not evil then the word has no meaning.
This past November, Trump won the election. But tonight he became the leader of the free world.
The President has elevated the value of Arab life in Syria, where more than half a million have already been murdered.
President Barack Obama disgraced himself and his administration by allowing genocide in Syria with absolutely no response. Worse was his Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, who had earned a global reputation for calling out previous American government officials as “bystanders to genocide” — only to become one herself.
The biggest sin of government officials like Susan Rice is not the alleged “unmasking” that currently pervades the news, but her allowing 1400 Arab civilians to die of a chemical gas attack by Assad on August 20, 2013 — and then, as National Security Adviser, doing nothing.
America is the light of liberty and the beacon of democracy. Those words ring hollow when America watches genocide and does nothing.
Tonight President Trump has helped restore America to its human-rights luster, and Arab life to the claim of infinite value that is the birthright of every child of God.
May God protect the innocent people of Syria and may God bless America.
Nintendo VS.
The Nintendo VS. System was an arcade game system that played popular NES games that were slightly modified from their home counterparts. In some cases, the games were harder, had different levels, or included slightly better graphics.
While the system was primarily sold as a retrofit kit for Nintendo cabinets, there were also some dedicated cabinets, one of which was a bright red metal sit-down cabinet with dual screens. This was more commonly referred to as the Nintendo "Red Tent." Ever since I read about this cabinet on John's Arcade, I wanted one.
I was lucky enough to find one of these rare cabinets on Craig's List just a short drive away from home. I could not pass up the opportunity to own one!
What I found particularly cool about the red tent was that two completely different games could play on each side of the cabinet. Or, a single game (like Vs. Tennis) could be played using both screens for up to four players simultaneously.
My goal for this cabinet was to use a single PC to play two different games simultaneously on each side, as well as to allow for both sides to play the same game for 4-player co-op fun (Gauntlet! TMNT!). This turned out to be a massive undertaking on the software side of things. (Skip ahead if you're here just for the software side.)
Acquisition
The cabinet exterior was in decent shape. There were some dents and scratches and a few rusted areas, but nothing serious. Unfortunately the inside was a different story; it had been stripped of the PCBs and power supply, and one of the monitors had a broken neck.
Since the CRT monitors for this cabinet are hard to find, I decided to give away the good one to a member of the KLOV forums forums rather than try to hunt down a second for my machine. Instead of CRTs I decided to use LCDs.
Sanding and Painting
After removing the monitors, I disassembled the cabinet itself in preparation for sanding and painting.
Mounting Screens
I replaced the CRTs with VESA mount LCDs. This required creating mounts for each monitor that fit where the CRTs used to go.
Mounting PC
Next, I needed to modify the original PCB mount to work with a standard PC motherboard. I ended up using a Mini-ITX board mounted to a sheet of plywood. This board can be easily removed from the cabinet by sliding it out of the modified PCB holder grooves.
Power Panel
I wanted the power, ethernet, and power panel to look clean and slot into the existing power supply area. To achieve this, I first stripped what little remained of the original power supply down to its frame. I then marked out and used a Dremel to cut holes for each of the components.
I added some screw terminals that allow the power button and LEDs to disconnect easily if the unit needs to be removed. I also added a 120v outlet inside the cabinet that connects to a smart power strip. When the PC boots (via the red button), the power strip turns on the outlets for the monitors.
Control Panels
I disassembled the control panels, sanded them down, and repainted them with Rustoleum black. The joysticks had rusted, so the rust needed removal with a Dremel wire brush. I also cleaned all of the buttons and joysticks.
I wired both control panels with a Mini-Pac keyboard encoder and wiring harness.
Instruction Cards
I used Photoshop to create a custom instruction card in the style of the originals, and had them printed on high gloss paper at my local office supply store.
Hardware Complete
I was able to find several odds and ends (plexi glass, screws, coin boxes, keys and locks) via the awesome group of people on the KLOV forums. I can't recommend those forums enough if you're building/restoring arcade machines!
Custom Software
Most of the work on this project went into the software. As mentioned at the beginning of the post, I had to write quite a bit of custom software for this project because I wanted to use a single PC to drive both sides of the cabinet.
This meant that two different MAME instances needed to be able to run and receive input, as well as to output audio to the correct speaker. I also wanted to be able to play the same game on both screens for 4-player co-op titles like TMNT, Gauntlet, and The Simpsons.
Here is a screen capture of both screens showing the frontend in action:
This required writing a custom graphical frontend (for selecting games), a C# Win32 keyboard hook (for routing button presses to the correct side of the cabinet), and a custom patch for MAME to specify whether audio should play on the left, right, or both channels.
All of this is open source and documented on GitHub. The readme goes into much more detail on how to replicate this setup.
A full gallery of pictures showing the restoration process is available via Imgur.
Recently, OnePeterFive reported about Cardinal Robert Sarah – the Prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments – and his mid-August visit to the French region of the Vendée which still stands in history for a courageous resistance against the French Revolution's attempts to stamp out the Catholic Faith. We had then translated parts of a 12 August homily delivered by the African cardinal in Puy du Fou, an historical site of the Vendée. Today, we wish to sum up some of the important thoughts which Cardinal Sarah expressed in his homily on the following day – 13 August – in the Cathedral of Notre Dame de L'Assomption of Luçon. (Once more with gratitude, we owe it to the French Catholic website, Riposte Catholique, for bringing this text to our attention.)
In his 13 August homily, Cardinal Sarah discusses the readings of the day which speak about the scene with Jesus and His disciples in the boat in a great wind. Thus it happened that Cardinal Sarah was also commenting here on an image that had just been used by the ex-pope Benedict XVI when speaking about the Church as a boat sometimes seemingly “on the verge of capsizing.” And, indeed, Cardinal Sarah's own words do appear to resonate or reinforce Pope Benedict's own reflections. Cardinal Sarah said:
The readings of this Sunday Mass give us occasion to meditate on our Faith, and thus on the presence of God in our life. The first reading tells us frankly that God is not in the hurricane whose force and violence crack mountains and bruise the rocks, nor in the earthquakes nor in the crashes of thunder. He was neither in the fire nor in the noises – those with which our ears are saturated in our world of media frenzy and [our world] of vapid and all-too-often demagogic discourse.
After describing our secular world, Cardinal Sarah importantly applies this image of disorder also to our Church as he continues, by saying:
But it is not only the world which lives in the frenzy and in the vapid and demagogic discourse. The Church herself, in her doctrinal and moral teaching, lives today in a cacophony, in the confusion of theses, in the duplicity, in the double or triple truth, in an avalanche of interpretations and a pastoral demagogy which one could consider to be a great ecclesiastical disorder. [my emphasis]
Cardinal Sarah compares this situation in the Church with a “darkening, an eclipse of the decisive contribution of Revelation to morality.” He adds, saying that we have the “tendency to forget – with the return to the casuistic and our multiple pastoral plans or accompaniments – that God is present in the intimacy of our soul, in the murmur of a light breeze, in the depths of our heart.” God, according to Cardinal Sarah, is a “silent God,” he is a “tender and merciful God, slow to anger and full of love and truth.” The Triune God, says the prelate, “comes to us by marching through the sea of our doubts, our incertitudes, and even our treasons, our resignation and our refusal to believe and to love.”
Later in his homily, Cardinal Sarah returns to the image of a “barque beaten by the winds” which has
always been perceived, by the Church Fathers, as an image of the Church which advances, here below, in rowing against the counter-currents, in the middle of difficulties and of all kinds of tests – in particular persecutions. The day of our Baptism, we entered that barque which has a name: the Church.
Cardinal Sarah once more laments the current situation in the Church when he says:
Unfortunately, there are these cleavages that arrive. There are priests and religious that are even humanely and spiritually more impoverished than certain laymen who are of great human nobility and of great Christian humility, and completely dedicated to God.
Like the Apostles in the boat, we, too, might at times have fear, says Sarah, but Christ tells us “Don't be afraid.” Today, as the cardinal adds, Christ again says to all of us: “Come!” But in order to get to Him, explains Cardinal Sarah, we sometimes have “to pass through the waters of tests and sufferings.” If we feel weak in this situation, the prelate recommends for us to imitate Christ who went into the mountains in order to pray. We find ourselves today in the midst of persecutions – the terrible ones in the Middle East, but also the ones that the Christians currently have to endure in the West for preserving Christ's integral teaching. It is in this context of the persecutions that the prelate returns to the situation in the Church when he says:
Even in the Church – by lack of understanding, by ignorance, and also out of fear of appearing too “rigid” or “outdated” in the tribunal of the media, or of public opinion – certain people would prefer to choose only one part of the Gospels and of the Church's teaching, by omitting that which troubles the “good conscience” of contemporary man who has been liberated from what one now calls the “prejudices” of religion. Under the [French] revolutionary Terror, one still spoke of “superstitions.”
But, Cardinal Sarah reminds us Catholics of our spiritual duty by saying:
Not any more to bear the cross of persecution would mean no longer to be a disciple of Jesus Our Lord Who is the Truth and the Eternal Life and Who asks from us the total giving of ourselves, up to the pardoning of offenses and up to the love of our enemies.
Cardinal Sarah reminds us that “our Faith is being fortified through such tests when our barque is being beaten by the waves of contestation and of opposition from the new prophets of the idolatry of a false humanism.” It is here that the Prefect for Divine Worship ardently calls upon the Blessed Mother to help us maintain our Faith in the middle of all these challenges and tests.
Let us then be further inspired by Cardinal Sarah's words – also about suffering as a source of strength – and let us always turn with trust to the Immaculate Heart of Mary. May she help us endure the crosses that God allows us to have, and may her Heart also soon triumph as she conditionally promised.
A study forthcoming in IEEE Technology and Society Magazine offers new insight on how certain behavioral patterns can be indicative of depression, with particular attention given to the ways we use the internet.
The study looked at 216 random college students, screening them for signs of depression before collecting data on their internet use. Of the group, about 30% met the minimum diagnostic criteria for depression—the same 30% whose internet use varied significantly from that of the other, "not depressed" students.
Advertisement
According to Sriram Chellappan, a researcher from Missouri University of Science and Technology, internet quirks distinct to the "depressed" group included frequent switching among applications, significantly more use of file-sharing software, and frequent activity on either instant messaging platforms or email.
What we do already know of depression is that it is often associated with distractibility and unsustainable attention spans. So, it makes sense that the depressed students jumped around more from page to page. Instant message and email blasting are also understandable in this context; depression is often experienced as a marked feeling of loneliness, so reaching out for human interaction seems a natural response of self-preservation.
All this is well and good, but Chellappan's proposed application of this research is what's really significant about the study. These findings could be used to develop a new software that would be able to monitor an individual's internet usage and alert them to any usage patterns that may be indicative of depression.
"The software would be a cost-effective and an in-home tool that could proactively prompt users to seek medical help if their Internet usage patterns indicate possible depression," Chellappan said. "The software could also be installed on campus networks to notify counselors of students whose Internet usage patterns are indicative of depressive behavior."
Advertisement
Software like this, used in college campuses, could be a key tool in preventing student suicides. Suicide-proof window latches and staircase guardrails are a fine approach, but recognizing and treating the depression sooner would mean fewer suicides to prevent in in first place. [LiveScience - Image via Martin Novak/Shutterstock]
By Eli McVey
Over half of executives in the cannabis industry are worried about their business prospects under a Trump administration, with 30% saying they are “very concerned,” according to a poll by Marijuana Business Daily.
The survey results underscore the general sense of uneasiness in the wake of the presidential election felt by many of those who run companies in an industry that is still illegal in the eyes of the federal government.
Still, a fair share of executives – roughly a third of those who responded to the survey – are somewhat or very optimistic, believing the climate could get better for their businesses under Trump … or at least stay the same.
The anonymous online survey, conducted Dec. 6-7, includes responses from 223 self-identified marijuana industry executives and senior managers.
Trump's victory in the presidential race and his subsequent selection of several anti-marijuana politicians to his cabinet has created a hefty dose of uncertainty in the industry.
The president-elect has not put forth an official policy position on marijuana.
He said earlier this year that he is “in favor” of medical marijuana “100%,” but Trump has also said several times he believes recreational cannabis “is bad” and is “causing a lot of problems in Colorado.”
Trump's pick for attorney general, Jeff Sessions, has been especially hostile toward the industry. Among many other anti-marijuana statements he's made, Sessions has been quoted as saying, “Good people don't smoke marijuana.”
How marijuana industry executives feel about their business prospects under Trump largely seems to mirror who they voted for in the election, though that's certainly not the case for everyone.
The 33% of survey respondents who said they're optimistic closely resembles results of a previous Marijuana Business Daily poll conducted in late July in which 32% of cannabis industry professionals, executives and investors indicated they would vote for Donald Trump in the 2016 election.
Looking at attitudes by sector of the industry, cultivators and investors are more bullish than their counterparts. Nearly 45% of cultivation executives and 35% of investors are somewhat or very optimistic about their business prospects under a Trump administration.
Ryan Smith – CEO and co-founder of LeafLink, a New York-based wholesale management platform – has received questions from both investors and co-workers about what the Trump presidency means for his business.
Smith said the company is moving forward as usual and actually handled more transactions on its platform this November than ever before.
“We're in the wait-and-see camp. No one's freaking out or overly excited – there's still a ton of market for us to capture,” he said.
In terms of those most concerned about their business prospects under Trump, retailers led the pack. A whopping 71% of respondents who help run dispensaries or rec stores are somewhat or very concerned about their business prospects, while just 14% feel somewhat optimistic. Not a single retail respondent indicated they were very optimistic about their business prospects under a Trump administration.
Aaron Varney, director of Dockside Cannabis, a retail marijuana store with two locations in the Seattle, Washington, area, thinks the election of Donald Trump brings a lot more uncertainty to the industry.
“It destabilizes the ground under all of our businesses,” Varney said. “It definitely puts a big question mark on whether this continues to move full bore or if we'll be hunkering down for the next four years.”
At a higher level, Varney said he's “more concerned about the people-plant relationship that could get delayed for at least four more years. Are we going to hear the drum beat of ‘good people don't smoke marijuana?' ”
It's a question many in the industry are anxious to have answered.
Eli McVey can be reached at [email protected]
Saturday, April 12, 2008
According to reports, authorities in Belgium have seized documents, financial records and computer equipment from the local branch of the Church of Scientology (Church) and then sealed off the building.
Scientology's European headquarters in the political heart of Brussels
The reports state that the Church in Belgium is being investigated for extortion and fraud for allegedly posting false job openings in newspapers and then attempting to get those who applied to join the Church. Several ex-members of the Church have also reportedly approached authorities with accusations of intimidation and extortion.
Police in Belgium have been investigating the Church for nearly ten years which resulted in the raid on Thursday.
In a statement to the press, the Church says that the police "violated their fundamental rights" as a religious organization and accused the police of "malicious justice operations." The Church plans to contest any charges filed against it. They also state that the postings were requests for volunteers and not employees.
So far no arrests have been made, but some employees of the Church were detained and questioned by police.
The building remains closed as of publication.
Related news
Sources
- Police in North Carolina are looking for a woman after authorities say her mother's body was found in a freezer that she sold in a yard sale.
Marcella Jean Lee, 56, of Goldsboro is being sought on a charge of failure to report the death, media outlets reported. An autopsy revealed no signs of foul play in the death of 75-year-old Arma Ann Roush, who lived with her daughter. Roush was last seen in August.
Police said a neighbor bought the freezer from Lee for $30. It was taped shut and Lee apparently told the neighbor that church members would come by to pick up items in the freezer.
The neighbor said the seller told her the items inside the freezer were for a Sunday school project and that the church would come pick them up. Weeks after the purchase, no one had come for the items, so the neighbor opened the freezer and discovered Roush's remains.
According to the neighbor, the daughter was moving out of state and told her not to open the freezer, which she referred to as a time capsule, until church members could come by and collect the contents inside.
Post-truth was declared 2016's Word Of The Year by Oxford Dictionaries. No surprise there. After all, we are deluged with enthusiastically shared messages that care little for the truth.
If you're one of those that cares, you can head to the Facebook page Social Media Hoax Slayer, which aims to record and fact-check the information doing the rounds on your screens.
The page carries the story being spread, and debunks its claims with facts and original photos. One recent post focused on a much-shared photo of a man being roughed up by a crowd in the aftermath of demonetisation. The post claimed it was Harsh Vardhan, of India's Ministry of Science and Technology.
Hoax Slayer broke down that hoax thus: The man was actually Subrata Mishra of the BJP, getting roughed up for an unconnected reason in West Bengal, in October, two months before demonetisation was implemented. It also linked to news reports that carried the real story, and a clarifying tweet by Vardhan himself.
The hoax involving union minister Harsh Vardhan debunked.
Read: A Brit is offering a guided walk through Indian history, via podcast
“People keep sharing information without really checking whether it is true or not. As long as it is something they like or something shocking they pass it on,” says Pankaj Jain, the Mumbai-based businessman who runs the page.
He says he set it up because he was getting increasingly annoyed with the incorrect and often malicious information going around and wanted to do something about it. “When I came across the UK-based site Hoax-Slayer, I was impressed by their work.” The page follows similar principles.
Social Media Hoax Slayer has garnered 16, 949 followers in the year since it was created. Jain says traffic picked up after demonetisation, which birthed rumours that went viral despite their outlandish claims — such as the one that claimed the new Rs 2000 note would have technology to help track the corrupt.
Conchita Rodrigues, a Mumbai-based marketing manager, has been following the page for nearly a year. “I wish everyone would follow it so they were aware of what's right and wrong,” she says. “This will help curb political and communal unrest and check fear and panic.”
The proliferation of unreliable sources on the internet had made him extremely cynical about information on the internet, adds Abhishek Nag, a research scholar in Kolkata and another follower. “We needed something that would expose falsities from all sides in a fair way. That's what I find Hoax Slayer doing.”
WHAT: Social Media Hoax Slayer, a Facebook page dedicated to debunking 'fake news'
WHERE: Facebook.com/SMHoaxSlayer
First Published: Jan 13, 2017 21:07 IST
There are foods you cannot seem to stop eating no matter how hard you try, be they ice cream. chocolate or cheese. The concept of food addiction has been employed without a clear definition for some time, with associations made between certain types of food being consumed and the physiological and behavioural effects of drug use, such as increased impulsivity and emotional reactivity as well as specific patterns of brain activity.
Now, recent research completed by the Icahn School of Medicine, in Mount Sinai, and published online by the Public Library of Science has furthered knowledge in this area. Some highly processed foods (including fast food, chocolate, ice cream, cakes and biscuits) have post-consumption effects similar to those of drugs, therefore researchers hypothesised that they could also be linked to addictive eating behaviours. It was thought that foods that contain concentrated amounts of physiological stimulants (sugars and fats), and had quick absorption rates in the body (high glycaemic load), would create pronounced physiological, addictive experiences.
Rich in processed carbs, fat and salt, pizza is one of the most addictive foods you can eat. Credit:Getty
Two studies investigated which foods were rated as most and least addictive by participants. Participants then applied these highly and lowly rated foods to the Yale Food Addiction Scale. They described their food-related experiences using statements such as "I eat to the point where I feel physically ill". This allowed researchers to identify links between particular types of food and associated addictive food behaviours. Foods were then rated from most to least problematic when it came to their addictive tendencies.
Last fall, when the Canadian government began consulting the public on its plan to revise national food guidelines, I wrote that the existing food guide had lost all usefulness and credibility because lobbyists and economic concerns, rather than science, had been the driving force behind their structure and content.
I wrote that we don't need food categories (other countries have done away with them) but if we retain them we absolutely don't need a milk category, and the "meat and alternatives" category should instead be "protein" that gives due prominence, given their health advantages, to legumes.
Frankly, this was pie-in-the-sky. Despite these suggestions being based on sound nutrition science, I wasn't optimistic that government would escape the long reach of the animal foods industries that have been effective in maintaining undue prominence in dietary guidelines since the 1940s.
Happily, I was very wrong.
The Canadian government has issued new draft healthy eating recommendations, which would overhaul the antiquated system of food categories—focusing instead on eating patterns—and emphasize the importance of including a "high proportion of plant-based foods." The milk category is indeed gone in the draft recommendations, and the powerhouse legume has been elevated above animal foods.
The draft food guide's first, foundational recommendation establishes the importance of whole foods and specifies that plant-based foods (such as legumes) are a preferred source of protein. The recommendation is for "regular intake of vegetables, fruit, whole grains and protein-rich foods, especially plant-based sources of protein."
The draft guidelines also encourage a shift away from animal foods by advising that people eat foods with unsaturated fat instead of saturated fat (saturated fat is found almost exclusively in animal foods). The recommendation is for the “inclusion of foods that contain mostly unsaturated fat, instead of foods that contain mostly saturated fat.”
There's no more dairy food group, a win not only for public health but also cultural inclusivity, given that up to 90 percent of some non-European ethnicities are lactose intolerant. It's also a huge win for the cows who really don't want us to kill their babies so we can steal their milk. Instead, the guidelines will sensibly advise people to drink water.
The draft guidelines acknowledge that our food system is inextricably linked to our environment, contributing to greenhouse gas emissions, soil degradation, decreases in water quality and availability, and wildlife loss. The draft food guide states that “diets higher in plant-based foods and lower in animal-based foods are associated with a lesser environmental impact.” Expanding our conception of health to include environmental considerations makes sense because our short- and long-term mental and physical health are directly related to the health—or not—of our environment.
The guidelines are based on a comprehensive review of health evidence, considering both quality and source of the information, as well as actual information about Canadians' eating habits. Industry-commissioned reports were excluded from consideration.
Still, the draft guidelines are not without concerns. Industry and economic influences linger. For example, in the first guiding principle—after acknowledging up-front the healthfulness of plant-based foods—an unnecessary non-sequitur sentence talks about the nutritive value of animal foods. And it is recommended that people “limit”—rather than “avoid”—saturated fat, even though this unhealthy form of primarily animal fat is linked to a variety of preventable lifestyle diseases.
Nevertheless, these draft guidelines are a dramatic improvement, putting Canada alongside Brazil as a world leader in taking back our eating recommendations from industry and promoting evidence-based eating patterns to benefit our health and planet.
These baby potatoes, crisped up with nooch and Italian seasonings, make a perfect, easy-to-make side dish or bite-sized snack! That nutty, cheezy, nooch flavor will have you craving more and more!
A couple of weeks ago, I was talking about some ingredients in a recipe, and my husband had to stop me for a moment to ask, “What's nooch?!” It was at that moment that I realized not everyone, not even all vegans, know what nooch is. Nooch is slang for nutritional yeast. Still don't know what I'm talking about? Nutritional yeast is a deactivated yeast, popular among us vegans because of it's cheesy flavor and because it's a great source of B vitamins. Some brands even fortify it with B12. Nooch is often used in recipes to replace Parmesan or to give a cheese-like flavor.
Okay, now that we've gotten that all cleared up, I know what you're going to ask me next… “But I thought you didn't like potatoes???” So, not liking them may have been an overstatement. I sometimes try to stay away from foods high in starch, and I'm not a huge fan of the classic Russet potato, but… in all honesty, I really do love little, roasted baby potatoes. Also, I've kind of been eating a lot of potatoes in general lately. I decided there just must be something in there my body needs, so I've kind of embraced it.
I'd love to now share with you how I came up with this yummy dish o' spuds. In the mornings, while I'm having my coffee time (side note: coffee — I'm a huge fan!), I always look through recipes and make that day's grocery list. On Wednesday morning, I was flipping through Flipboard, and I saw a recipe for Crispy Roasted Parmesan Potatoes from recipetineats.com. I've been having fun veganizing non-vegan recipes lately and decided to give this one a go.
Veganizing these spuds wasn't hard since the only ingredient I needed to change was the Parmesan. I did also end up changing amounts and adding some extra herbs and spices, but the technique in This is the same as the original recipe.
I'm usually pretty good at not using a lot of faux meats. I'll make something like tofu or tempeh once or maybe twice a week, but the super processed stuff, like fake chicken in a box, that's something I'll use maybe once a month. Cheese on the other hand (which I'm sure you've noticed), that's my weakness. I don't crave dairy cheeses. I think about all its grease and about all the poor, abused dairy cows I've seen on the videos, and the thought of it makes me lose my appetite. I do, however, love to use non-dairy cheeses, and well, some aren't as healthy as others.
That being said, for this recipe I chose to take the healthier route and not to replace the Parmesan with an imitation. I love my faux parm, but I really did think the nooch would go great with these, and I was kind of just craving it's own individual flavor. That to me is kind of funny, because, at least for me, nooch was an acquired taste. I'd never used nutritional yeast before going vegan, and in the beginning, I didn't care for it. I'd use it in things because it definitely is needed to recreate certain flavors, but I'd usually cut the amount in half from its original recipe. Now I've just been craving it more and more. So nooch it is, and I had to add some yummy herbs in there as well!
Making This is really quite easy. I mixed together the nooch with some other herbs and spices. I added sea salt, black pepper, garlic and onion powders, thyme, oregano, basil, paprika, sage, and a little cayenne. Next, I covered the bottom of a baking dish with olive oil and spread out the nooch mixture on top of that. I tried to spread everything evenly using the back of a spoon.
Once I had the nooch mixture evenly spread out, I took the potato halves and covered the baking dish with them, cut side down. When finished, I pushed down on each potato, pressing them down into the nooch mixture. I then took a little more olive oil and used it to brush the tops of the potatoes. The potatoes then roasted in the oven for 35 minutes at 400 degrees Fahrenheit.
Once finished, I sprinkled the tops of these with some chopped chives. I served them as a side dish alongside some butternut squash steaks and sautéed greens. I put vegan ranch on the side (which was a suggestion included in the recipe I'd tweaked) for those who wanted to dip. I tried mine both ways, by themselves and dipped into the ranch. Either way, they were delicious!
If you try and enjoy these yummy potatoes, let me know by taking a picture and tagging me on Instagram, @veggiesattiffanis, or by leaving a comment below!
Print Nooch & Herb Baby Potatoes, crisped up with nooch and Italian seasonings, make a perfect, easy-to-make side dish or bite-sized snack! Author Tiffani Ingredients 1 - 1 1/2 lbs baby potatoes cut in half
3 Tbls olive oil
1/4 cup nutritional yeast "nooch"
1/2 tsp sea salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp dried basil
1/2 tsp dried thyme
1/2 tsp dried oregano
1/4 tsp onion powder
1/4 tsp paprika
1/8 tsp dried sage
1/8 tsp cayenne optional
2 Tbls fresh chives chopped (optional)
vegan ranch for dipping (optional) Instructions Preheat oven to 400° F
Pour tablespoons of the olive oil into the bottom of a 9"x13" baking dish and coat evenly using a brush.
Mix the nutritional yeast with the next 10 ingredients into a small - medium sized bowl. Pour this mixture onto the bottom of your baking dish, over the oil. Spread evenly using the back of a spoon.
Place potatoes, cut side down, into baking dish. Firmly press down on the top of each potato.
Brush the tops of the potatoes with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil.
Place potatoes in oven for 35 minutes.
Once potatoes are finished roasting, sprinkle with chopped fresh chives, if using. Serve alongside vegan ranch for dipping. Notes If you love nooch, try my new recipe for *Find my favorite vegan ranch recipe here If you love nooch, try my new recipe for Garlicky Nooch Sprouts with Avocado Dill Aioli
Nooch & Herb Baby Potatoes Rate our Recipes Rate our Recipes
Like this: Like Loading...
Some 2,000 Turkmens have crossed into Turkey Saturday after fleeing attacks from Russian and Syrian regime forces in northwestern Syria, according to the Turkish disaster agency.
The displaced were fleeing Russian and Syrian attacks of Turkmen Mountain in Syria Bayirbucak.
According to the Turkish Prime Ministry Disaster and Emergency Management Authority (AFAD), nearly 600 families have taken refuge in Guvecci camp near Yayladagi, a border town in the Hatay province of southern Turkey.
The officials said the more migrants would be allowed into Turkey in the coming days.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said on Thursday that more than 5,000 Turkmens and Arab refugees had been accepted into Turkey in the last week alone, following the airstrikes.
Predominantly Turkmen areas of northwestern Syria have been under attack by regime forces – backed by Russian air power – since November of last year.
Recent attacks in these areas have displaced thousands of Turkmens, a Turkic ethnic group concentrated mainly in Syria and Iraq, prompting many to seek refuge in southern Turkey.
BADIN: A group of villagers and local history buffs discovered the ruins of what seems to be an ancient settlement and named it the “mound of Nidhori” near Tarai town at a distance of about 31 kilometres from Badin city, and urged the departments concerned to carry out studies at the site and take steps to preserve it.
The villagers told journalists the mound was at present called Mangrian Jo Daro, the mound of Mangrios, because the Mangrio community had been living on and around it for centuries, but when they made inquiries they learnt the place used to be called the mound of Nidhori in ancient past.
Ali Bha, a writer and history buff, who along with some social activists undertook excavation at the mound told Dawn on Sunday that no reference was found about this site in any major history book. “The only reference to it is a passing remark by Shaikh Mohammad Soomar in his book,” he said.
He said that in early 1980s, a group of villagers had found a statue of Buddha on the mound which surfaced after heavy rains. The ruins of houses spread over 20 acres were found to be burnt. They also found some human skeletons there after the recent heavy rains, he said.
Mr Bha urged the departments concerned to carry out studies at the site, determine its age and civilization. The epitaph on the graves in the area dated back to 1180 Hijra which suggested the town might be one of the main towns in the days of Kalhora rulers, he said.
He said the rains brought to the surface many objects at the mound including baked grinders, rusted arrows and swords etc.
Abdullah Saraz, a social activist, said that it appeared the once flourishing town was destroyed by invaders some five to six centuries ago, when this area was frequently invaded and torched by invaders both from India and Afghanistan.
Abubakar Shaikh, a historian, said that unfortunately the mound had not been dug properly and urged the department of archaeology to further explore the site.
Published in Dawn, September 19th, 2016
When the Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov was assassinated in sight of the Kremlin last Friday night, it shocked even those of us who thought we had lost the ability to be shocked by events in Vladimir Putin's Russia. When Russian forces moved into Ukraine and Putin annexed Crimea a year ago, it was also a terrible shock to a world that had grown too comfortable with the belief that the days of changing Europe's borders by force were long over. But we must cease to be surprised by the violence and hatred emanating from Russia today if we are to combat it successfully.
When the shock subsides and the evidence is examined, it is clear no one should truly have been surprised by either horrific event. Boris, with whom I worked closely for many years, often talked of the violent ends faced by those who spoke out against Putin. We all knew what could happen to any of us at any time, and a few months after I last left Russia, in February 2013, I decided I would not return.
Putin's view of power was formed watching East Germany collapse | Mary Sarotte Read more
Police states are very good at keeping a monopoly on violence, and Putin's Russia is no exception. When the victim is a former Russian deputy prime minister and a prominent critic of the regime, and his murder takes place in a wide open area right next to the Kremlin, the chance that it occurred without the involvement of Russia's security services is vanishingly small. Boris was always under personal and electronic surveillance, but we are supposed to believe that his escort had the night off, and all nearby CCTV cameras happened to be down for repairs that day.
“But this is Mr Kasparov's personal interpretation!” shouted one alarmed BBC presenter when I shared those observations in a live interview this week. “But the Russian government has categorically denied any involvement!” cried another. I accept that the things I say are my personal interpretation, but why is the BBC positioning itself as Putin's defence attorney?
The man has a record; my insinuations are hardly far-fetched. Why cite the official statements of a dictatorship that lies and spreads propaganda at every turn without challenging them? It's a good example of how the conventions of an open society are exploited by less scrupulous regimes. It represents the culture of engagement and appeasement that has come to replace the harder line of the cold war. But the time for unreciprocated fair play is over.
Yesterday I was in Washington DC, speaking to a US Senate subcommittee about how and why the Russian dictator must be stopped. Nearly every head in the room nodded in agreement as I and other invitees – such as the former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili – discussed the global danger presented by Putin's increasingly belligerent regime.
The EU and US did little to take a stand that might have altered Putin's course when it would have been relatively easy
The subcommittee circulated a detailed timeline of Russia's slide back into dictatorship during Putin's 15 years in power, noting each murder of a critic or journalist, each media outlet closure, each rigged election. I noted that it could easily have produced a parallel timeline of how the leaders of the western world treated the perpetrator of these atrocities at the time. As Putin's human rights violations – and border violations – accumulated, the European Union and America did very little to take a strong stand that might have altered Putin's course when it would have been relatively easy to do.
Consider the lesson Putin learned the last time Russian tanks crossed a border. In 2008 Russia provoked a military conflict over Abkhazia and South Ossetia, the quasi-independent areas it had helped carve out of Georgia when the USSR fell. Russian forces nearly reached Tbilisi before they turned back, and those supposedly independent regions are little more than Russia-controlled enclaves and a thorn in the side of the Georgians.
If you don't remember what punishment was meted out to Russia for invading its tiny neighbour, it's because there wasn't any. Not only was Russia not punished over Georgia, a few months later Putin was rewarded by newly sworn-in President Barack Obama and his secretary of state, Hillary Clinton. Their infamous “Russian reset” wiped the slate clean, despite no real change in Kremlin behaviour. Based on that experience, it is no wonder Putin expresses surprise at the relatively robust response to his assault on Ukraine.
An appropriately strong reaction to Putin's aggression in Ukraine and his brutality in Russia will require a battle on many fronts. Putin, like other modern autocrats, has an advantage that the Soviet leadership could never have dreamed of: deep economic and political engagement with the free world. The naive idea was that the free world would use economic and social ties to gradually liberalise authoritarian states. In practice, the authoritarian states have abused this access and economic interdependency to spread their corruption while cracking down ever harder at home.
For the most immediate crisis, Ukraine must be comprehensively supported militarily and economically. Defensive weapons to raise the political costs for Putin in Russia are essential. To address two of the most popular straw-man arguments: it isn't necessary to defeat the entire Russian army, or start the third world war. Putin cannot afford to look like a loser, which is why he maintains the feeble illusion that Russian forces aren't fighting in Ukraine.
Putin's oligarch supporters must be forced to choose between giving him up and painful quarantine
Inflicting enough damage to pierce that illusion is enough. Putin is already blaming the US and Nato for everything in Ukraine so there can be no escalation in that regard. Ukraine may seem far away, but it is the front line of a war the United States, the United Kingdom and the rest of the free world are fighting, whether they admit it or not.
Engagement has failed, and it is time for sterner stuff, the successful cold war recipe of isolation and condemnation. Putin's oligarch supporters must be forced to choose between giving him up and painful quarantine. The Russian oligarchs are supporting a sponsor of terror in Ukraine, and there is no shortage of existing laws to prosecute such activity.
The opposition movement that Boris and I believed in, and that Boris died for, should be openly supported, the way the west once championed the Soviet dissidents. Ronald Reagan told those of us behind the iron curtain that he knew it was our leaders, not us, who were his adversaries. We listened and it mattered, and it should matter again. More than 100,000 people rallied to mourn Boris in Moscow last Sunday, a number that gives the lie to Putin's meaningless approval numbers. Tell these people, and the millions too afraid to march, that they have a choice.
Russia will always be my country, but it is difficult to imagine returning while Putin is still in the Kremlin. I will continue to do whatever I can to draw support to the cause of returning Russia to the path of democracy. The western administrations that have passively watched Putin turn Russia back into a dictatorship – and invade his neighbours – are out of excuses. The next death in Ukraine or the next murder of a dissident in Moscow will be blood on their hands – and no investigation will be necessary.
Russia has intervened to halt a clash between Syrian government forces and Turkey-backed Syrian rebels near the strategic northern town of al-Bab, which both sides are hoping to capture from the Islamic State (IS) group.
ADVERTISING Read more
Rebel officials said Thursday's clash took place in a village southwest of al-Bab. An official in a military alliance fighting in support of the Syrian government, which is backed by Russia and Iran, confirmed the fighting had taken place.
"The Russians intervened to control the situation," said the military source, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Two rebel officials accused the government forces of provoking the incident. One of them said the government forces had moved towards their positions in tanks.
"Rebels shot to warn them not to get any closer, but the tank responded and a clash erupted," said the first rebel official.
"Later on Russia intervened to calm down the situation," he added. "This whole incident felt like a test."
A second rebel official, a commander in the al-Bab area, added: "They opened fire. Fire was returned."
The clashes came as Russian air strikes accidentally killed three Turkish soldiers on Thursday in northern Syria. It was not immediately clear whether the confrontation described by the sources had taken place in the same area as the air strike.
The Kremlin said on Thursday that Russian President Vladimir Putin had called Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and expressed his condolences over the air strike, blaming the incident on poor coordination between Moscow and Ankara.
Geopolitical battle for al-Bab
The incident in al-Bab underlined the risk of the parallel offensives igniting new fighting between the Moscow-backed Syrian government and its rebel enemies, supported by Ankara.
Turkey and its rebel allies have carved out a de facto buffer zone in northern Syria in territory captured from the IS group since August in their "Euphrates Shield" operation.
They have been battling to capture al-Bab since December, hoping to prevent its capture by a third party in the conflict: Syrian Kurdish forces, who are allied with Kurdish insurgents in Turkey.
The Syrian army meanwhile mounted its own, rapid advance towards the city in the last few weeks, advancing to within a few kilometres of its southern outskirts.
Russia and Turkey have backed opposing sides in the Syrian conflict war but recently started cooperating, brokering a truce between government forces and rebels and working together to try to revive peace talks.
With the UN planning to convene peace talks in Geneva on Feb. 20, hopes for success hinge on the intentions of the three powers closest to the conflict - Turkey, Russia and Iran - who together pledged to guarantee the tenuous cease-fire.
And nowhere will their intentions crystallize more clearly than in al-Bab, where each side has a stake -Turkey fighting alongside the Syrian rebels, and Russia and Iran backing the Syrian government and allied Shiite militias.
The outcome in al-Bab - whether it is ultimately taken by the government or the rebels, and whether the front between the two sides stabilizes or dissolves into all-out warfare - is likely set the direction of future talks and any settlement.
(FRANCE 24 with REUTERS, AP)
The following commentary was written and submitted by Blue Ridge Pride, a local LGBT advocacy organization:
While lesbians, gays, bisexuals, and transgender individuals are making gains around the country, movement in North Carolina on this front has been dismally retrograde. Last year saw the passage of an antigay marriage amendment, coming on the heels of a state supreme court decision ending adoption by same-sex couples. Discrimination in housing and employment against LGBT individuals remains legal, and no state-level protections against hate crimes exist. Moreover, the governor has appointed to the board of education a staunch opponent of efforts to combat the bullying of LGBT youth. For the state's LGBT community, the present looks bleak, but perhaps not the future.
As hopes of a progressive North Carolina crumble into ruin, there is renewed interest in an LGBT community center in the city that, two years ago, a state senator dubbed “the cesspool of sin” because of its domestic-partner registry. Latest census figures indicate a 3 percent growth in the number of same-sex households in the city, and approximately 12 percent of the city's population identifies as transgender, bisexual, lesbian, or gay. LGBT activists in the Asheville area have dreamed of a community center for decades, and, over the years, several attempts have been made but without success. Blue Ridge Pride, the city's annual LGBT festival in October, has experienced enormous growth, beginning with 2,500 attendees in 2009 to more than 11,000 last year. In spite of a cold wind blowing from Raleigh, the community has become both stronger and more visible.
At this point the vision for an LGBT community center can be epic; ultimately, the reality may be modest. Some question the need for such a facility at all. Social, political, and support groups have existed in the city for decades, meeting in private homes, houses of worship, and at institutions of higher learning. But the other side of the coin is that such charity makes the LGBT community an encampment of refugees, homeless, and in need of assistance from outside. The planned community center would be built by LGBT people for LGBT people.
“Essential to the center is that it be self-sustaining,” said Yvonne Cook-Riley, board member of Blue Ridge Pride, “that it be able to produce enough revenue to fund the services it would provide. And the GLBTQ community has to own it.” Retail space and a café are obvious sources of income, sources that also acknowledge the success of LGBT entrepreneurs in the mountains. However, there could also be office space—and a considerable market—for attorneys and for real estate and tourism professionals, among others.
Central to the center's mission is service to the community. Support may take many forms, from a mixed-use facility to on-site counseling. A disproportionate number of runaways and throwaways are LGBT youth; added to that are people who have lost their jobs or homes because of a lack of state protections. Counseling could address issues of self-esteem, of drug and alcohol abuse, and of coming to terms with coming out. Similarly, the center could distribute information on HIV, breast cancer, and other health concerns and provide referrals to LGBT-affirming doctors and medical care.
The community center could offer a kitchen and meeting rooms for support and social organizations as well as a performance space for musical and theatrical groups. Day care facilities for children and programs for the elderly, along with classrooms, a gallery, a research library, and computer access could all be available at the center.
Most importantly, an LGBT community center would furnish a largely invisible population with visibility. To be sure, most LGBT adolescents and a large number of adults feel a strong sense of isolation; consequently, a community center becomes a beacon. But the center is visible to the larger straight community too. It is easy for the state of North Carolina to discriminate against an invisible minority, easy to deny basic human rights and even basic humanity to a people it never sees. But an active and viable community center is harder to overlook, especially one funded and sustained by the community it serves.
Yvonne Cook-Riley is more cautious than optimistic about the new center, a project still in its infancy. “Community input is essential at this stage,” she says. “The community has to be part of the process of a needs assessment and must have an active voice in the concept of building a GLBTQ service center.” As to her own vision, she opines, “If we build it, the community center will provide many amenities but it will be short on closet space.”
LGBT Services Center in Asheville
Please join us on Sunday, September 22, at 3:00 PM in UNCA's Humanities Lecture Hall, Asheville, North Carolina, for a community forum to discuss establishing an LGBT services center in the city of Asheville. http://maps.unca.edu/campus-map
Rebecca Chaplin, L.S., M.A., Group Facilitator, Chair of LGBT Elder Advocates of Western North Carolina will be the forum moderator.
Our objective is to have input for a needs assessment. Those who have expressed interest and representatives of LGBT support and social groups, as well as the general public, are encouraged to attend. Please come ready to answer this question: why does Western North Carolina need or not need an LGBT community service center?
Please invite people you know via Facebook, Twitter, or e-mail. RSVP to yvonne@blueridgepride.com
Ten years after Hurricane Katrina and the resulting flood devastated New Orleans, the city is back, but undeniably different. Despite the innumerable changes of the past decade, NOLA remains a rich, wonderful place, one with a rhythm and pace all its own. There isn't another city like New Orleans or another region quite like the Gulf Coast. There's no end of Instagrammers offering small glimpses into the region. These five are especially compelling.
Loading View on Instagram
Baton Rouge photographer Patrick Melon's (@melontao) striking images document communities in Louisiana and beyond. Melon's Tumblr is worth a look too.
Loading View on Instagram
Elliott Kirkland Taylor's (@ekt) diaristic photos of everyday life have gained him over 50k followers on Instagram. Expect lots of interesting architecture and dreamy moods.
Loading View on Instagram
New Orleans photographer Chris Granger's (@cgranger) work is part journalism and part visual diary. We love this video of a rescue dog having a roll in the Bayou St.
Loading View on Instagram
Claire Bangser (@NOLAbeings) takes a Humans of New York approach to photographing the people of New Orleans. Her beautiful portraits are paired with equally eloquent stories.
Loading View on Instagram
New Orleans Abandonments (@abandonednola) is run by (@theshortestsim), but is actually sourced from submissions. For those who love deserted spaces and old buildings, this Instagram is the place to go.
Israeli Soldiers Publish Dozens Of Pictures, Posts, Calling For Murdering Arabs
7:09 AM
Israeli soldiers published dozens of pictures on social media networks calling for murdering the Arabs, and murderous acts of what they described as “revenge” against any person who is an Arab.Most of the pictures that spread widely in recent days are actually for soldiers on active military duty, carrying Israeli-issued weapons, and calling on their government and political leadership “to declare an open season” for killing the Arabs.
One of the soldiers even called for “exterminating all Arabs” in a picture he posted, the Arabs48 news website has reported.
Most of the pictures published by the fanatic soldiers are ‘selfies', taken by the soldiers themselves, in addition to pictures of military uniforms, weapons, and chains, and many wrote on the pictures threatening words such as revenge, or “what we want is revenge”, and some even wrote “give us the chance to wipe them out”.
Even before fanatic Israeli settlers abducted, burnt and murdered a Palestinian teen In occupied Jerusalem, on Tuesday at evening, Israeli security officials warned that Jewish extremists could be planning acts of abduction and execution of Palestinians.
The settlers also attacked, beat and injured several Palestinians, including children, and even tried to kidnap a number of children before they kidnapped and killed Mohammad Khdeir, 16, in occupied Jerusalem.
Hundreds of Israeli fanatics were tweeting slurs and threats such as “death to Arabs”, and acts of what they called revenge, and calling for more violence “to prevent the Palestinians from attacking Israelis”.
In addition, fanatic extremist settler, Baruch Merzel, who lives in an illegal settlement in occupied Hebron, called for using excessive force against the Palestinians, and for more of what he called “acts of revenge”.
Extremist Israeli Politician and former member of Knesset, Michael Ben Ari, also called for acts of revenge against the Palestinian people.
Many Twitter hashtags were created calling for revenge and acts of murders, some just stating “I want to murder”, and “I want weeping Palestinian mothers”, “I want Widows”, and “I Want Orphaned Palestinian Children”.
Some tweets including direct calls for murdering Arab Member of Knesset, Hanin Zoabi, although death threats against her, and various Arab members of Knesset and politicians, are not something new.
Other posts stated, “the time has come to punish all Arab families, to let every Palestinian know that his wife and children, and he himself, are subject to punishment, their homes will be demolished and families will be imprisoned”.
Brampton Mayor Susan Fennell may have broken the law when she secretly lowered her 2013 salary at city hall amid fierce criticism over her high pay and lavish spending, some councillors say.
Brampton Mayor Susan Fennell has quietly asked staff to cut her pay. ( DAVID COOPER / TORONTO STAR )
“I believe she broke the law,” said Councillor John Sprovieri. “Council approves our salary through a vote, after it's set by our compensation committee. I believe you have to go through council if you want to change that.” Sprovieri's comments come after he and some colleagues were angered to learn Fennell had gone to staff to withhold her pay at the end of 2013 without putting it to a council vote. In a letter dated the first week of November and marked “confidential,” which Fennell's re-election team circulated Monday evening, she directs city treasurer Peter Honeyborne to have her “salary stopped” for November and December. This resulted in a reduction of $23,000 on her 2013 on her 2013 City of Brampton remuneration, to $147,082.
Article Continued Below
Including the extra pay she gets for sitting on the Peel Region council, Fennell's approved earnings would have amounted to about $220,000 in 2013. The reduced city pay was what was reported in a provincially mandated salary disclosure report released Friday by city staff. Under the Municipal Act, salaries for the prior year must be submitted to council each year by March 31, and the bylaw approving the salaries must be identified. Council decisions are considered binding and can't be ignored or altered. A spokesperson for chief administrative officer John Corbett cast doubt on whether Fennell's actions were improper, saying in a statement that “the Municipal Act is not specific as to whether Council has to accept their salaries. “Although Council's rate of pay is set and approved by Brampton Council, decisions about how an individual member of Council wishes to have their pay managed or disbursed are personal.” According to a spokesperson for the Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing, municipalities “establish the remuneration and expenses for members of council and the procedures for how they are paid.”
Corbett did not respond to a question about when he learned about Fennell's letter to Honeyborne. Chris Bejnar, a spokesperson for the group Citizens For a Better Brampton, questioned the terms of Fennell's secret arrangement with the city treasurer.
Article Continued Below
“Does this mean she can remove the stopped salary any time? Can she receive it in 2014 after the election? And if she can do this without going through council, could she secretly ask for an extra few thousand dollars if she needed it? It's just such a violation of rules and procedures.” Fennell didn't respond to the Star's question about whether she has since received the $23,000 or will get it eventually. In a press release sent to the Star, she stated: “I listened intently to the people of Brampton and acted accordingly.” Explaining why she acted “quietly,” she used a quote from legendary U.S. college basketball coach John Wooden: “The true test of a man's character is what he does when no one is watching.” Councillors were quick to respond to a release widely circulated by email Monday evening by Fennell's campaign team, along with the “confidential” letter. Councillor Elaine Moore listed several of the controversies surrounding Fennell's spending of taxpayer money, including $175,000 spent without council's knowledge on tickets to her private events; $186,000 on expenses such as $1,500 in orchestra tickets, $1,300 for Mandarin lessons, and a $1 iTunes download; plus travel expenses for herself and her staff, such as $1,850 airfares to Ottawa, $700-a-night hotel stays and first-class fares on three trips to Asia in a four-month period. Those expenses were revealed in a series of freedom of information requests. “The problem is she keeps getting caught later on,” Moore said. “What she did now is a violation of the rules.” Linda Jeffrey, who resigned her seat as an MPP Tuesday to challenge Fennell for the Brampton mayoralty, also weighed in. “This recent action by the mayor is too little, too late. The people of Brampton expect and deserve an open, accountable and transparent government at city hall. We must put an end to backroom-style politics.” Sprovieri said Fennell's move to reduce her apparent salary was all about the upcoming election in October. “What's going on here is that when the reports came out for (Fennell's) 2012 salary showing she was the highest paid mayor in Canada, she denied it, even though the numbers don't lie. “She knew the report for 2013 was again going to show she was the highest paid mayor, but she didn't want to publicly admit it.” In 2012 Fennell was Canada's highest paid mayor by a margin of about $10,000, earning $213,000 with the regional pay included — nearly $27,000 more than Mississauga's Hazel McCallion, who also plays a dual role. She also received generous car and driver allowances, and one-third of her salary is tax-free — a vanishing benefit for municipal politicians. In 2012, the next highest mayor's salary was Calgary's Naheed Nenshi, at $201,839. Mayor Rob Ford earns $177,499 a year, and it is fully taxable. (In Toronto, council salaries, set by council decision to automatically rise with inflation, were debated in public during the recent recession. In 2009, the mayor and 18 councillors dealt with the issue by publicly donating their cost-of-living adjustments back to the city using a donor declaration form handed in to the payroll department.) “She is single-handedly ruining the reputation of this great city,” Councillor John Sanderson said of Fennell, against whom he is also running for the mayor's job. He said councillors will demand answers about her secretive salary manoeuvre at Wednesday's council meeting, when the 2013 salary report is brought forward.
Read more about:
Two Four characters on NBC's Smash are expected to leave the show — and we suspect fans are not going to be disappointed.
Philandering fiancé Dev (Raza Jaffrey) and devious assistant Ellis (Jaime Cepero) will not be regulars in the show's second season, sources say. It's possible one or both actors could appear in an episode or two to wrap up their storylines, but that's it. The plan is to have neither character as a recurring presence in the show's new-and-improved second season.
Dev annoyed fans by cheating on Karen (Katharine McPhee) while Ellis infuriated viewers all season with his overeager meddlesome scheming. Fans and critics have been pretty outspoken that the second season would be better off without either character (Ellis, in particular) and it seems producers and/or NBC listened.
NBC plans to return Smash in midseason, giving time for new showrunner Josh Safran (Gossip Girl) to creatively polish the series. NBC had no comment.
UPDATE: Brian d'Arcy James, who played Julia's (Debra Messing) husband Frank, and Will Chase, who played Julia's former lover Michael, are leaving Smash, too. In the finale, Frank saw Julia comforting Michael on stage and assumed the duo were back to their old, ahem, tricks.
Read more:
Why NBC is holding ‘Smash' for midseason
‘Smash': Are you hate-watching it? Or do you still have hope for an improved Season 2?
TRANSCRIPT:
CAVUTO: You know, invariably, people ask after tragedies like this, "How could God let this happen?"
HUCKABEE: Well, you know, it's an interesting thing. We ask why there is violence in our schools but we have systematically removed God from our schools. Should we be so surprised that schools would become a place of carnage? Because we've made it a place where we don't want to talk about eternity, life, what responsibility means, accountability -- that we're not just going to have been accountable to the police if they catch us, but one day we stand before, you know, a holy God in judgment. If we don't believe that, then we don't fear that. And so I sometimes, when people say, why did God let it happen. You know, God wasn't armed. He didn't go to the school. But God will be there in the form of a lot people with hugs and with therapy and a whole lot of ways in which I think he will be involved in the aftermath. Maybe we ought to let him in on the front end and we wouldn't have to call him to show up when it's all said and done at the back end.
The media spin machine is on the defensive thanks to a more aggressive tone coming from Trump White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Sanders lays out the real collusion that exists between the Clinton Machine and Russia – collusion which the media (and Congress) continues to ignore. Longtime Clinton operative and former Hillary Clinton campaign manager John Podesta explains it away as “old news.” The CNN host simply nods her head. They are hoping that will be enough for the multiple Clinton collusion facts to go away.
IT WON'T.
The alternative media – the truth seekers, will continue to educate others as to the truth of what is really going on in this country. Let the Establishment spin and lie and sit back confident in their continued deceptions. More and more are awakening to their hoax just as more and more are realizing what is truly at stake:
Everything.
—————-
Marco Rubio when he first signed up to run for the Senate in 2010. (Liz Sladky/AP)
Quinnipiac University's two most recent national polls have come at interesting points in the Republican contest. The first was in late December, after the collapse of Ben Carson and at about the midpoint of Ted Cruz's surge. The second was conducted this week, after the caucuses in Iowa. The change between those two polls looks like this.
A slight uptick for Donald Trump, a dip for Cruz — and a surge for Marco Rubio.
That Rubio surge is almost certainly thanks to his performance in Iowa, while the Trump increase is probably a function of timing. Quinnipiac's polls have shown lower support for Trump than have other surveys, but Trump's gain is probably a function of the December poll having preceded Trump's surge in January.
[Marco Rubio's very big night in Iowa]
Overlaying those polls on the Real Clear Politics polling average, you can see the recent shift for Trump and Rubio more clearly. One down, the other up.
Part of the longstanding (and constantly rebuffed) skepticism over Trump has been that voters will sour on him once they turn their attention to electability. In other words, it's fun to flirt with the dramatic outsider candidate, but once it's time to figure out what Republican can beat the Democrat in the general, voting shifts.
Quinnipiac put the top three Republicans in head-to-head matchups against the Democrats, and Rubio fares the best, beating Hillary Clinton easily and tying Bernie Sanders. Sanders beats both Trump and Cruz. Clinton beats Trump and ties with Cruz. (Reminder: The value in these head-to-head polls is not predicting the winner of the presidency, but in comparisons like this.)
In theory, then, this is good news for Rubio. If he is seen as most likely to win, then he may attract support as the primaries continue. And indeed, Rubio's campaign is starting to press this electability message in its advertising — using phrases like "win in November" and "a conservative who can win."
But while electability was a big part of why Mitt Romney won the GOP nomination in 2012, early 2016 polls suggested it wasn't on people's radars. A July Washington Post-ABC News poll showed just 3 percent of GOP-leaning voters cited electability as their top priority.
Gallup has a new survey indicating that most voters still care more about a candidate that agrees with them on issues. Sixty percent of Americans would rather a candidate agree with them than be able to win. Less than 4 in 10 say it's more important that a candidate have the best chance of winning the presidency.
Interestingly, though, that's less the case with conservative Republicans than with moderates. Conservatives are more likely to want to win the presidency than worry about candidates hewing to orthodoxy.
That's good news for Rubio, who's often seen as straddling the line between the party's middle and far-right.
Gallup notes something else that should reassure Republicans worried about the ascent of Messrs. Trump and Cruz: The percentage of people who would take ideology over viability is at the same levels we saw in 2012. In other words, people now are saying they want someone who agrees with them politically over someone who can win in November to the same extent that they did four years ago.
Later in 2012, of course, that shifted in the favor of Romney, a more moderate candidate who they thought could win.
(CNN) — For most cruise-goers, hopping on an airplane is just a means to an end.
It's the boring bit before they get to their dream vacation: boarding ship and sailing leisurely from one port to the next in the comforts of modern spacious liners.
But if a ship can replicate on water the comforts of a five-star hotel, why can't a plane?
After all, aircraft are mobile, can be fitted with private cabins and they beat ships on at least two counts: speed and reach.
Take the cruise concept to the skies and travelers are no longer limited to the seas of a particular region.
They can wander around the whole globe in style.
This is precisely what luxury U.S. cruise operator Crystal Cruises aims to do.
Building a fleet
The American company, which trades at the highest end of the cruise market, has just acquired two long-range airliners: a Boeing 777-200LR and a Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner.
It plans to equip both with customized VIP interiors in order to start luxury flights around the world using the brand extension Crystal Luxury Air, starting in 2017.
The twin-aisle 777-200LR will be redesigned to host just 88 guests with flat-bed first-class seats and a swanky lounge and bar.
It will be the first to launch.
The twin-aisle Dreamliner, which usually seats up to 300 passengers, will accommodate just 52 guests after refurbishment.
No launch timetable has been confirmed yet for the Dreamliner.
The VIP market
Round-the-world VIP flights with multiple stops en route aren't new.
This exclusive segment of the travel industry has seen a lot of developments in recent times.
Hotel chain Four Seasons and luxury travel specialists Abercrombie & Kent both launched their own around-the-world products recently, complete with VIP-configured aircraft and stops at selected resorts along the route.
What sets Crystal Cruises' initiative apart is that Crystal Cruises is building its very own fleet of VIP-configured aircraft, rather than wet-leasing them.
Crystal Cruises will still rely on an external partner that will oversee aspects of the operation such as aircraft maintenance, safety standards, weather planning, and any updates for inflight and pilot training, however it will own the aircraft and butlers and pilots will be in Crystal's staff.
This might be costlier and provide less flexibility, the Crystal Cruises approach makes sense when we remember that it sees brand experience and reputation for top-notch service as a core asset.
The Crystal group has also been expanding into yacht and river cruises. Courtesy Crystal Cruises
Around the world in 28 days
CNN's Richard Quest recently did a trip around the world on low-cost airlines in just eight days.
Crystal will take things at a gentler pace.
Passengers on Crystal's aircraft will be offered a choice of either a 28-day tour, priced at $100,000 per person or, for those short of time, a 14-day one for $50,000.
During these all-inclusive tours, the aircraft will be stopping at about nine to 10 different destinations in different continents, where the travelers will be able to get a whistle-stop tour of key attractions, just like they'd do if they were on a traditional sea cruise.
Luxury hotel accommodation, Michelin star-level cuisine by celebrated chefs and local cultural entertainment are all part of the package.
The planes can also be booked for special charters.
Money no obstacle for passengers
The price tag seems to be no obstacle for Crystal's loyal clientele.
In fact, the decision to add a second aircraft to the company's fleet came up after noticing the strength of the demand.
"Market reception has been phenomenal and not just in the American market, demand comes from all over the world," according to Crystal Cruises CEO Edie Rodriguez.
"Some of our clients have their own jets, but they come to us for the experience."
Crystal Cruises has yet to reveal details of final itineraries or operational details, or even the base airport -- although it seems that tours will start and finish in the same location.
The creation of an air fleet isn't only the move the company has taken to diversify from core cruise business.
It's expanded into yacht and river cruises too.
The Crystal Esprit, which launched last year, is the first of a fleet of smaller yachts which come with their own two-passenger submarines for the enjoyment of passengers.
Then there's the Crystal Endeavor, the world's first purpose-built polar class mega-yacht designed for global expeditions in the Arctic, Antarctic and deep tropic destinations.
The Endeavor will debut in 2018 and will take bookings from fall/winter 2016.
An emerging phenomenon
Some might see these developments as nothing more than a huge brand extension experiment.
However, the apparent success that has met the -- so far limited -- offerings recently launched by the likes of Crystal Cruises, Four Seasons and Abercrombie & Kent may well herald the emergence of a promising new market niche.
The big question is whether dedicated round-the-world air services will remain confined to the high-end market or, as happened with mainstream airlines, whether lower-cost versions will be on their way.
As the unstoppable growth of low-cost carriers has shown, it makes sense to keep one step ahead of the competition.
BRUNSWICK | A lawyer in jail since mid-August pleaded guilty to committing federal bank fraud to take money that was intended for his clients.
Donald Carlton Gibson, 41, who lived on Savannah and practiced law in Brunswick, pleaded guilty to a single count of bank fraud before Chief U.S. District Judge Lisa Godbey Wood. That plea came about an hour after Gibson told Judge Stan Baker in U.S. Magistrate Court that he would waive having the accusations heard by a federal grand jury and instead face the single count in a federal charging document called criminal information.
Gibson admitting keeping an $80,000 check that a client, Jane Asher, had written to settle a suit filed by Cindy Taylor, the owner of a roofing company. Taylor had sued Asher's late husband, St. Simons Island accountant Paul Asher, over his handling of the proceeds from her roofing company.
FBI Special Agent Jeffrey H. Roberts testified that Gibson had altered the check on Oct. 7, 2014, to make it payable to the operating account at his law practice.
Gibson used $55,000 from the settlement check to pay Sean Kasper for money missing from estate and other cases and that $24,000 had gone into Gibson's firm's trust account, Roberts testified. Kasper is the Glynn Count Commissioner and oversees payments made through the county's Probate Court.
When Wood asked the total amount taken through fraud, Roberts said, "As of today, it's more than $400,000.'' That did not include the losses of three new victims he received Friday, Robert said.
Among the victims are the Glynn County Board of Education and Hospice of the Golden Isles, he testified.
Jennifer Highsmith of Waycross brought her elderly mother, from whom Gibson took money from an estate, to court to watch Gibson enter his plea.
"I wish we could get the money back. I'm glad I got to see it,'' Highsmith said of Gibson admitting his wrongdoing. "He didn't look remorseful."
Gibson's courtroom demeanor as a defendant matched that of Gibson the lawyer, answering Wood's questions clearly and without hesitation.
Retired Army Maj. Edward Canady of St. Marys sat directly behind Gibson in court. Canady told the Times-Union Gibson cost him at least $250,000. Gibson had represented him in a real estate case and did such a poor job that he lost property where he had spent $100,000 to make improvements.
Gibson also took $500 he paid him to appeal the case without doing any work, Canday said.
"He put the money in his pocket and never filed the appeal. I would have won on appeal,'' he said.
Canady said he had $22,500 coming from the real estate case, but that Gibson took that, too.
"He said the court hadn't issued the check yet, and they'd have to pay me interest,'' but the truth was Gibson had already pocketed the money, Canady said.
Canady served as an infantry officer in Vietnam with the 1st Cavalry Division and the 23rd Infantry Division and was awarded a Silver Star, a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart.
Of his losses, Canady said, "That's my total life savings. There is no more. What I saved since I was 20-something in the military is gone."
Woods said she would sentence Gibson after a federal probation officer completes a pre-sentencing investigation.
He faces a maximum 30 years in prison, a $1 million fine and five years probation and must pay restitution to his victims.
Fines are normally not imposed if the defendant doesn't have the ability to pay one, and Gibson can't even afford to pay a lawyer. The court has appointed William Johnson to defend him.
As part of the plea agreement, Gibson agreed to surrender his license to practice law.
Johnson told Wood that a letter was sent Monday to the Georgia Supreme Court stating Gibson was voluntarily giving up his license.
Terry Dickson: (912) 264-0405
Red Shirts on April 19, 2010, before the military attack. Photo from Redphanfa2day's Blog.
[For more on the Thai people's struggle for democracy, click HERE.]
By Giles Ji Ungpakorn
September 19, 2010 -- Over this weekend protests are taking place in many parts of Thailand and in many cities around the world. We are Red Shirts and we shall be remembering those who were killed by the Thai military and those who are in prison. We shall demand democracy and human rights and an end to this brutal dictatorship. The military government of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva hoped that by sending snipers to deliberately kill unarmed civilians [at Ratchaprasong in May this year], they would break the democratic spirit of the Red Shirts. They are mistaken. Their dreams of “stability” and a long secure future for the conservative elites are built on sand.
Yet the military and the government talk now about “reconciliation”. But this is no reconciliation. They offer nothing except talks with some politicians from the [opposition] Puea Thai Party without any Red Shirt leaders present. What the junta is really saying is that the Red Shirts must quit their activities. The conservatives have stolen democracy, they have overthrown elected governments, they have censored all opposition media, they have killed around 90 unarmed civilians and they have locked up hundreds of political prisoners... and now they say “let bygones be bygones”. The scandal is that some Puea Thai Party leaders are willing to accept this in order to protect their political professions.
Let us not forget that on September 19, 2006, the Thai army staged a coup that toppled the elected government of Thaksin Shinawatra. Soldiers sported yellow royal ribbons and the military junta claimed that it was staging the coup to protect “democracy with the king as the head of state”. The military certainly was not protecting democracy, but it was claiming legitimacy from the king. Over the past 40 years, the military has repeatedly destroyed democracy and it has shot down unarmed pro-democracy civilians in the streets six times. Each time it claimed legitimacy from the king. No military officer has ever been punished for these crimes. At the same time as the military was destroying democracy, the yellow-shirted fascist "People's Alliance for Democracy" (PAD) used violence on the streets of Bangkok, including the seizure of Government House and the two international airports. It was supported in all these actions by the military and politicians who later joined Abhisit's unelected government in 2008. Not one PAD member is in jail.
The present crisis has shattered many old illusions in Thai institutions, including the monarchy. Yet many foreign journalists, who want to remain in Thailand, continue to trot out the line that “the king is highly revered”. In Thailand, people can go to prison for 18 years for discussing the king. Since the coup, and the continuous destruction of democratic rights and the rule of law by the military and the judiciary, a gigantic pro-democracy social movement has been built at grassroots level. We are the Red Shirts. It is the largest social movement in Thai history and it has branches in communities throughout the country. This is why it was so brutally suppressed by the Abhisit government and the army four months ago.
Mass grassroots movement
In many ways Thailand has moved back to the dark ages of the military dictatorships. Yet history never repeats itself in exactly the same manner. Today we have the Red Shirts as a mass movement of the people. Most Red Shirts now hate the mnarchy. That is a lot of people! The old people's movement which was inspired by the NGOs has withered and become a right-wing pro-dictatorship support group. Even the army has changed. It feels the need to have a puppet civilian government, headed by a fresh-faced tyrant who graduated from Oxford University. Military juntas made up of corrupt generals are unpopular. But the conservative elites have a huge problem. They know that if they don't “fix things” they can never win a democratic election. They don't represent the majority. They also know that the king, their only source of legitimacy, will die soon.
Thaksin's Thai Rak Thai Party (TRT) was modernising and it captured the imagination of millions of citizens. This is why the conservatives hated it. For the first time in decades, a party gained mass support from the poor because it believed that the poor were not a burden. They argued that the poor should be “stakeholders” rather than serfs. “Populist” policies, such as universal health care, were developed after the 1997 Asian economic crisis and were a result of widespread consultations in society. This was no socialist party, but a party of big business committed to free-market policies at a macro and global level, and Keynesian policies at the village or grassroots level. The TRT government also believed in using a “firm hand”. This resulted in thousands of deaths in “the war on drugs” and the war in the Muslim Malay south. That is why I never voted for or supported the TRT. Nevertheless, I was totally opposed to the coup and the anti-Thaksin PAD.
The conservative elites, middle classes, academics and NGO activists believe that Thailand is divided between the “enlightened middle classes who understand democracy” and the “ignorant rural and urban poor” who are trapped in a “patron-client system”. There was a mistaken belief that Thaksin cheated in elections by “tricking or buying the ignorant rural poor”. This was a convenient justification for ignoring the wishes of 16 million people. They also accused Thaksin of corruption, while ignoring the corruption of the military, the palace and politicians from the present government. These people must bear some responsibility for the killings that took place at the hands of the military earlier this year and the fact that Thai jails are overflowing with political prisoners.
Reconciliation?
Many NGO professionals and academics have now joined government-sponsored "reform" or "reconciliation" committees. They are totally unqualified to talk about reconciliation or reform. But they are certainly aware of their own self-importance.
Any genuine reconciliation would require the following first steps:
1. Release of all Red Shirt political prisoners, including those jailed for lese majeste. 2. An immediate end to the Emergency Decree and an end to censorship so that Red Shirt media can function on an equal basis to the royalist media. 3. The setting up of a genuine public enquiry into the 2006 coup, the actions of the judiciary and the April/May 2010 bloodbath. The enquiry needs to be staffed by Red Shirts and conservatives in equal proportions. The prime minister, deputy prime minister and head of the army need to stand down while the enquiry takes place, so that they cannot influence its findings. 4. A fixed date for a general election by 2011 must be announced. A new electoral commission must be appointed, made up of commissioners nominated by Red Shirts and conservatives in equal proportions. 5. All negotiations must involve all parties, especially Red Shirt activists.
Red Shirts must tell the Puea Thai Party in no uncertain terms that they cannot take the votes of Red Shirts for granted. If they want to be the party of Red Shirts they must fight for the kind of democracy and social justice that Red Shirts want. If the Puea Thai Party refuses to listen, then an alternative Red Shirt party must be established.
Thai society cannot be reformed and the divisions cannot be healed until we have a return to democracy. All political prisoners must be released, the generals, politicians and judges who are responsible for the destruction of human rights must be punished, and the power of the military must be completely dismantled.
Some might say that to do this, Thailand needs a social revolution and it also needs to be a republic so that the military cannot claim legitimacy from the discredited and unprincipled monarchy.
They would be right.
[Giles Ji Ungpakorn is a political commentator and dissident. In February 2009 he had to leave Thailand for exile in Britain because he was charged with lèse majesté for writing a book criticising the 2006 military coup. He is a member of Left Turn Thailand, a socialist organisation. His latest book, Thailand's Crisis and the Fight for Democracy, will be of interest to activists, academics and journalists who have an interest in Thai politics, democratisation and NGOs.]
Solar may be the green energy source that's been hogging the headlines lately, but there are other fossil-fuel free ways that can help meet society's electrical needs. One of these is tidal power, and the US is set to start harnessing the ocean's electricity-generating potential this summer with the TidGen Cobscook Bay project -- the first such commercial project in the States. Located just off the coast of Eastport, Maine, turbines will be placed in 50-100 feet deep water to take advantage of the 100 billion tons of water that flow in and out of Cobscook Bay each day. When the project goes live, it'll feed into the public power grid and generate enough juice to power between 75 and 100 homes, and the plan is to eventually install enough turbines to generate 3MW of power -- which should cover the needs of over 1,000 homes and businesses. There's more info, plus plenty of political self-congratulation in the source below.
This week's issue of Famitsu contains a Splatoon 2 feature. Although it's largely based on the information covered in the game's trailer and recent tweets, there are some new tidbits.
Below are a few details we came across in the magazine about the Hero Mode campaign:
– Octarian's world is more feminine than the past one in Splatoon
– Since there is an icon top right of the UI, there will be a Sunken Scrolls collection feature again
– Hero Suit can grow; the suit shown in screenshots are the level 1 form
– The machine gun-esque looking weapon is just called “Hero Shooter” in the Japanese version; it's an orthodox, standard shooter
– Octolings might use different sub-weapon when they use different main weapon (Octolings will use various weapons unlike the first Splatoon; Famitsu shows them using the Slosher and Blaster; each of those weapons might have different type of sub weapons)
– Usable special weapon differs by situation (this sounds like each stage or level will offer you different type of special weapon)
– Sheldon will bring you new weapons using his drone
Elsewhere, in the latest issue of GamesTM, a couple of Splatoon 2 developers talked about voice chat. It's confirmed that players will only be able to communicate with people they know, and chatting with random strangers won't be possible.
Producer Yusuke Amano and director Hiashi Nogami said:
“Splatoon is basically designed as a game that you can enjoy without direction communication. The reason we included voice chat this time is because we wanted users who already know each other to enjoy the game more deeply using a communication tool that's linked to the game. Basically the same environment as the previous game has been preserved, so there is no need for concern.” – Yusuke Amano “Voice chat can only be used when playing with someone you know, such as in private matchmaking; voice chat with someone you don't know in random matchmaking won't happen.” – Hisashi Nogami
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Microsoft is emailing members of Bing Rewards , informing them of some major changes to the program that offers a way to earn points towards purchasing gift cards. One of those changes is that the program will now be called Microsoft Rewards.
The old Bing Rewards let users earn points for gift cards, sweepstakes entries and more by searching on Bing. The new Microsoft Rewards will retain earning points via Bing searches, but users will also be able to earn points by purchasing items in both the Windows Store and Microsoft Store . Yes, that even includes buying items in physical Microsoft Store locations. In addition, points can be earned by using the Microsoft Edge web browser:
You'll earn points when you're actively browsing. Active browsing means the Microsoft Edge browser is in view on your desktop and the icon is highlighted on the taskbar AND you're actively engaging with the browser (mouse movements, clicks, touch gestures, keyboard presses, or presentation mode - like watching a full-screen video).
Bing Rewards used a "credit" system, but Microsoft Rewards will convert them to "points". In the new system, one Bing Rewards credit will be turned into 10 Microsoft Points. Finally, the levels of membership will change as well. Bing Rewards has three levels (Member, Silver and Gold), but Microsoft Rewards will just have Tier 1 and Tier 2 levels. If users earn 500 Microsoft Points a month, they will be a Tier 2 member and will be able to get a 10% discount on rewards from Microsoft brands. All current Bing Rewards members who signed up prior to August 15 will be upgraded to Tier 2 which will last until October 31.
Microsoft's email stated the change from Bing Rewards to Microsoft Rewards will be made automatically in the next few weeks. As with Bing Rewards, Microsoft Rewards will be limited to U.S. users
Check out the official FAQ page for Microsoft Rewards
Thanks to Kyle for the tip!
A few weeks ago, I was excited to learn several things involving one of my favorite TV series -- Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown. The first was that Season 1 had picked up two Emmys, one of which was awarded to its documentary-style cinematography. Soon after, I was fortunate enough to catch Parts Unknown DP Zach Zamboni speaking at a Rule Boston Camera Pub Night. In his presentation and the subsequent Q&A, Zach discussed things I've wondered about since the show was still called No Reservations: details of the crew's difficult (sometimes) improvisational shoots on the fly, far from home, with limited resources. And Emmy-winning footage as a result. To hear Zach's full thoughts on the technical -- and philosophical -- aspects of his Emmy-winning shooting, click through.
First, here are a few quick clips from one of my favorite episodes from the first season of Parts Unknown. This material doesn't necessarily represent how beautiful so much of the Libya episode is, so catch it on-demand if possible:
Something that is immediately apparent, in any excerpt of the show, is one of things I like most about it: these DPs simply have to make it happen. I can't help but think of Nike's slogan, "Just Do It." Years ago, before Bourdain's cameramen had the luxuries of greater sensitivity from the likes of the Sony F3, they still had to get the show done. These are shooters that are too busy shooting -- producing great-looking results, no matter the tools at their disposal -- to worry about these specs versus those specs or, what they only wish they had instead. The camera is their weapon, and they make their shots count.
Zach hits upon everything from the nuts and bolts of shooting (literally), improvising clever solutions for busted gear many miles away from the nearest rental house, not repeating yourself creatively, his appreciation of the smaller Sony F-family members, no re-takes, being shy about shooting people you don't know (and will never see again), his rigs, his crew, and eating a lot of really good food from all over the world. Here's Zach Zamboni on Just Doin' It:
Listening to Zach talk shop over free beer and pizza was sort of a dream come true for me, so cheers to Rule for putting on the event, and, as always, shooting/posting it for everyone else to check out. Just a few days before the Pub Night, an episode of Parts Unknown premiered that featured Zach both behind and in front of the camera, sometimes simultaneously. It was bizarre, Gonzo, meta, hilarious, awesome. It also gave some physical proof of the "walking-backwards-shooting-shitfaced" style Zach mentions in the Pub Night video. Said Bourdain on the episode:
My veteran cinematographer, EMMY award winning Zach Zamboni grew up in rural Maine and lived, until recently in New York City. But not too long ago, he met the woman of his dreams and relocated to Granada in Spain, marrying into a Spanish family, learning Spanish, and immersing himself in the daily life of his adopted new home.
We always like to be able to look at places through an individual's perspective. What makes this episode very special, is that with Zach, we are not only looking at a very old, very beautiful world through fresh eyes -- but that we are looking at it through the eyes of a particularly gifted cinematographer. Zach's visual poem to the mysterious Alhambra is a uniquely wonderful bit of filmmaking we are all very proud of.
New episodes of Parts Unknown premiere Sundays on CNN.
Links:
Conservative activists wanted to see Rep. Paul Ryan on the Romney ticket because they hoped Ryan would add vision and substance to what had essentially been a negative, policy-free campaign. Ryan, the chairman of the House Budget Committee, is widely known as a conservative reformer. He's the author of the Roadmap for America's future, an influential GOP budget document calling for spending and entitlement reform, and he rose to prominence on the strength of both his policy vision and the skill with which he sold it to his own wary party.
When Ryan first introduced his budget plan, he struggled to find a dozen congressional supporters and GOP leadership kept plenty of distance from Ryan's ideas. Just a few years later, Ryan watched as nearly every single Republican legislator in the House voted to pass the same plan. Ryan wasn't just a talker. He was a leader. And when conservative activists and intellectuals called for Ryan to take the number two spot on the Republican ticket, they were hoping to see the transformation of another timid GOP leader.
But that transformation hasn't happened. Rather than remake Romney's campaign in Ryan's image, the Romney campaign has remade Ryan in its own.
Ryan's rise owes to his willingness to lay out his legislative agenda rather than simply saying no to his opponent's. Indeed, doing this was central to his message. “It is not enough to simply oppose flawed legislation,” Ryan has said. “I believe that the party of ideas must propose alternative solutions.”
But the Romney campaign has done no such thing. If anything, the opposite is true. At the convention, Romney, somewhat amazingly, was even less substantive than usual. Ryan has been no better. Indeed, he's given Romney cover. Over the weekend, Ryan helped defend Romney's decision to avoid releasing the details of his tax plan. He's also become the point person for the Romney campaign's troublesome attacks on President Obama's Medicare cuts. Lots of Republicans made this argument during the ObamaCare debates, but Ryan didn't go so far as to simply declare Medicare cuts to be bad. He complained then as now that the Medicare cuts were being used to fund a new government program, and he also charged correctly that the administration was double counting, saying that the money saved from Medicare would both shore up the program's trust fund and fund new spending on the law's health insurance subsidies. And Ryan's most frequent criticism was not that the law changes Medicare, but that it won't actually reduce the deficit. Ryan's ultimate concern was that entitlements cost too much — not that it was wrong to cut them. Indeed, Ryan's own budget plan included the exact same Medicare cuts.
Now Ryan is sharing a ticket with a candidate who has said it's “wrong” to cut Medicare, and promised to reverse Obama's cuts. And since joining the Romney campaign, Ryan hasn't led. He's talked, and followed. It's not even as if the two have blended: While Ryan has picked up Romney's issues and run with them, Romney has tried to distance himself from Ryan's signature proposal: his budget plan.
It's not just Medicare. It's defense spending too.
Ryan has never been serious about restraining the defense budget. But his budget proposal called for a much smaller increase than Romney's. And as Cato's Christopher Preble has pointed out, Ryan's plan “spelled out specific proposals for cutting domestic spending, both discretionary programs and entitlements, that would allow the Pentagon's budget to grow above the current baseline.” The same can't be said about Romney.
At the end of last summer's debt ceiling fight, Ryan voted for a plan that would reduce planned future defense spending if a deficit reduction committee failed to agree on an alternative deficit reduction proposal. Ryan was pretty happy with the plan when it passed. “The Budget Control Act represents a victory for those committed to controlling government spending and growing our economy,” Ryan said at the time. “I applaud Speaker Boehner's leadership in stopping tax increases on job creators, rejecting President Obama's demands for a blank check to keep borrowing, and advancing real spending cuts and controls.”
Predictably, the committee failed. Both Ryan and Romney are now running hard against the fallback defense cuts — known as sequestration — that are now scheduled to occur next year, and blaming Obama for letting them happen. Romney seems almost oblivious to Ryan's vote: "I thought it was a mistake on the part of the White House to propose them," he's said. "I think it was a mistake for Republicans to go along with it.” Ryan, of course, was one of the 174 Republicans who did.
Ryan has only been on the Romney ticket a short time, but he's already gone along with a lot. We probably shouldn't be too surprised. After all, he's always been willing to follow the party, voting for an unfunded expansion of Medicare, protesting little as the Bush administration ran up massive budget deficits and record debt. Ryan willingly fell in line during the Bush years. Now he's doing it again. We've seen a transformation — not in Romney, but in Ryan.
Labour has launched a ferocious fightback against Tory attempts to link the timetable for Scottish devolution to far-reaching constitutional reform in England, insisting that Westminster must deliver on its promises to the Scottish people.
Responding to suggestions by chief whip Michael Gove that the transfer of more powers to Scotland could not go ahead without accompanying changes south of the border, Gordon Brown said on Saturday it was inconceivable that the "promise makers" could become "promise breakers".
Brown declared that the three parties had signed a resolution committing them to a swift timetable to devolve more tax and other powers to Scotland. He told an audience in Fife: "The eyes of the world have been upon us and now I think the eyes of the world are on the leaders of the major parties of the United Kingdom. These are men who have been promise makers and they will not be promise breakers.
"I will ensure as a promise keeper that these promises that have been made will be upheld."
Amid Tory calls for Westminster to drive through changes that would bar Scottish MPs from voting on solely English matters, Gove told the Times that "it would be impossible to move forward without making sure you have change both in Scotland and England".
After the no campaign's victory was announced in the early hours of Friday, David Cameron said that, as more powers headed north to Scotland, millions of English voices also needed to be heard. The prime minister said the question of ensuring English votes for English laws should be addressed "in tandem and at the same pace" as Scottish devolution.
Writing in the Mail on Sunday he added: "New powers over tax, spending and welfare are on their way to Scotland. The timetable is brisk, but achievable: a white paper by November, and draft legislation published by January. It would have to be passed in the next parliament. But this moment must not just be about securing Scotland's future in the UK – and celebrating that fact – but settling other questions whose time has come. The challenge is to make sure our UK works for all nations.
"Millions of people in the rest of the UK have been listening to these debates, watching this campaign and rightly asking, 'What will change for us? Why can't we have the same powers and the same rights as those in Scotland?'"
On Monday, Cameron is summoning key Tory figures to Chequer to discuss how to press ahead with plans to limit the role of Scottish MPs. Those attending the constitutional summit include former cabinet minister Peter Lilley, former attorney general Dominic Grieve, former Welsh secretary John Redwood and Bernard Jenkin, chair of the public administration select committee.
Jenkin said on Saturday night that it was correct for Cameron to insist that changes to the role that Scottish MPs have in scrutinising English legislation be pegged to the same timetable as further devolution for Scotland.
"The credibility of all English parties standing at the next election is dependent on this. That is why the prime minister is right to say the two processes should be in tandem," he said.
Writing on this newspaper's website, Jenkin argues that Scottish MPs have been left with "power but no legitimacy" by devolution. Demanding an "effective English parliament", he writes: "The growl in England is now a roar … if we falter in this now, this unfairness and resentment will fester."
In an interview with the Observer, Ed Miliband casts serious doubt on the timetable for reform in England and accuses Cameron of trying to push through English constitutional reform plans that looked like they had been drawn up "on the back of a fag packet". Miliband says he is committed to devolving wide-ranging powers to Scotland to a swift timetable but that it would be wrong to rush through changes in England without consulting the English people.
But making clear that he sees Cameron's plans as motivated to damage Labour, which has 41 Scottish MPs compared to the Tories' one, he accuses the prime minister of a "desperate piece of manoeuvring".
He says: "We would be incredibly wary of back-of-the-fag-packet solutions which create two sets of MPs, two classes of MPs. Why? Because you have one prime minister of the United Kingdom [rather than one just for England]."
Miliband has proposed a constitutional convention that would not report until next autumn to consider the interlocking issues.
He said: "The idea that you should get this done in sort of, you know, six months without proper consultation, without properly going out and talking to people, when you're talking about these massive constitutional issues, I don't think is very realistic."
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
NICKLAS Bendtner and Lee Cattermole were quizzed by police in connection with a car-wrecking spree in Newcastle.
Police launched a probe after a spate of cars is attacked on Stowell Street just streets away from Newcastle's St James' Park.
Several cars are believed to have been damaged during the attack, which occurred at around 10pm on Tuesday, December 6.
And the Sunderland footballers, both 23, were arrested yesterday as officers questioned them over the attacks, before being bailed.
They were quizzed on suspicion of causing criminal damage.
Today a spokesman from Northumbria Police said: “Police can confirm that on Thursday, December 15, two men aged 23 were arrested on suspicion of criminal damage.
“If follows an investigation in to damage caused to cars on Stowell Street in Newcastle city centre, which happened at about 10pm on Tuesday, December 6.”
The alleged damage – which is believed to have targeted at least three cars – happened just days after Sunderland lost 2-1 to Wolves at the Molineux Stadium.
It is believed that officers are scouring CCTV and are still trying to establish how many cars were damaged in the attack.
Danish striker Bendtner tweaked a groin injury during the clash, which ruled him out of Martin O'Neill's first game at the Stadium of Light.
Midfielder Cattermole also missed their 2-1 win over Blackburn Rovers due to a suspension after picking up five yellow cards this season.
Today, when approached by the Chronicle, a spokesman from Sunderland AFC refused to comment on the pair's arrest.
Danish international Bendtner signed for Sunderland from Arsenal in a deadline day loan deal earlier this year.
He has struggled to find form, scoring just two goals since his arrival on Wearside.
LAS VEGAS, January 7, 2014 /PRNewswire/ —
3Doodler announces retail and accessories news at CES, world's biggest consumer tech tradeshow
http://www.the3doodler.com/ 3Doodler, the world's first 3D drawing pen, is announcing their worldwide plans to retail in 2014 as well as launching a range of exciting accessories at CES.
3Doodler are attending their first ever CES this January, with the announcement that the pen will be available across the US at Brookstone's retail stores, as well as online with quirky gift websiteThinkGeek, the MoMA Store, and Maker Shed. Many more exciting retail partnerships will be named shortly, meaning that hobbyists, artists, designers and engineers from across the globe will now have easier access to 3Doodler. 3Doodler's official launch partner for design, The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) Store, firmly marks the pen as the must-have tool for artists and designers.
“3Doodler allows people to create amazing 3D objects without the restrictions of complicated software, limited only by their imagination” said Max Bogue, Co-Founder and CEO of WobbleWorks: “We wanted to create something that didn't require technical knowledge or expensive hardware. We're very excited to say that you can expect to see 3Doodlers across the globe, from the USA to Europe, Australia and Asia, before the summer, making 3D creation more accessible to the average person than ever before.”
CES also marks the launch of an exciting range of 3Doodler accessories. The first is a holder for the pen, which makes storing the 3Doodler in between Doodling easier, while also doubling as a moveable platform to allow you to create larger structures with far less hassle. 3Doodler will also be launching the first in a series of changeable nozzles, allowing users to extrude plastic in different shapes and sizes; as well as DoodleBlocks™; silicon molds that can be easily “filled in” with the ABS or PLA plastic from the pen. The molds come in various shapes including stars, numbers, and letters, making it effortless to create perfectly shaped objects.
Daniel Cowen, Co-Founder explains: “The 3Doodler accessories, as well as the 100s of stencils now available on the 3Doodler website, are an integral part of building our community. 3Doodler continues to spark imaginations, as people find new ways of using the pen to create amazing things. We hope these new accessories give rise to even more innovation. It's a great start to the year – we've gone from being an unknown startup to shipping more than 25,000 pens, launching a series of add-ons to the 3Doodler, and retailing worldwide. Watch this space for exciting new partnerships.”
Canada's big-city mayors are expressing optimism that the 2017 federal budget will pledge billions for affordable housing after a private meeting with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has asked Ottawa to devote $12.6-billion of the $20-billion already pledged for "social" infrastructure to social and affordable housing.
The request was initially met with skepticism late last year from federal officials, including the head of the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp., the federal housing authority. However, Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi said that the mayors received positive signals Friday morning on the request for $12.6-billion.
Story continues below advertisement
"I was very, very, very happy to hear the Prime Minister say today that their investments in social housing, they think, will come in close to what the FCM is asking for. If that's actually true, that will be an unprecedented investment in affordable housing across the country," he said.
In Ontario alone, 171,360 households are waiting for rent-geared-to-income housing, according to the most recent data released by the Ontario Non-Profit Housing Association.
The Liberal Party platform promised new money for the construction of new social housing, as well as money for renovating existing buildings. The party also promised to remove the GST on new capital investments in affordable rental housing, but has not yet confirmed such a policy since winning the 2015 election. The GST clause is part of the FCM's prebudget request to Ottawa.
Several big-city mayors were in Ottawa Friday to make a final pitch before Finance Minister Bill Morneau releases his 2017 budget, which could come as early as next month. Mr. Morneau's fall update already provided the government's high-level spending plan for infrastructure, which promises $186.7-billion over 12 years.
The FCM is now trying to make the case for how the money should be allotted to various priorities and what formulas should be used for spreading the spending across the country. Municipalities want Ottawa to commit to funding 50 per cent of all major infrastructure projects, with provinces paying one-third and municipalities covering the rest.
The Liberal government had agreed to a similar formula for what it called the first phase of infrastructure spending, but has not yet committed to a formula for the much-larger second phase. Traditionally, the cost of big projects has often been split evenly between the three orders of government.
In addition to discussing issues such as transit and affordable housing, mayors spent most of Friday talking about their experiences in dealing with the growing crisis of opioid overdoses.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"One of the things we did also discuss was that housing, for example, plays a critical role in responding to the opioid crisis," said Edmonton Mayor Don Iveson.
I never played Battlefield 1942, and to this day the appeal of the Wake Island map evades me. But I loved Battlefield 2. Played the hell out of it. Sure, it was always a little flawed—OK, a lot flawed, because good pilots could completely ruin the game for everyone else—but the wide range of classes, the mix of vehicles, the squad-based play, and the whole commander dynamic made it a great game.
So when I found out that EA was going to make a free-to-play version of that classic game, Battlefield Play4Free, I was immediately intrigued. The promise of the new game is simple: the maps and vehicles of Battlefield 2, combined with the zero entry fee and micropayments of Battlefield Heroes. I signed up for, and got into, the closed pre-beta, and a couple of days ago the beta opened up. Now anyone can play.
I wish I'd never bothered. The game is wall-to-wall horrible. The gameplay mechanics are broken, the game itself is aggravatingly buggy, and the micropayment model is an egregious and blatant cash-grab.
Play4Free
Battlefield Play4Free is a class-based, multiplayer-only first-person shooter, with conquest-style, hold-the-checkpoints-to-earn-points gameplay. It's simpler than Battlefield 2, with neither squads nor a commander. Instead, the game automatically spawns you close to the action.
Two kinds of resources are earned through playing the game; XP, which governs your rank, and credits, which are used to temporarily unlock extra weapons. A third resource, Battlefunds, needs to be bought with real money (at a rate of one US dollar to 140 Battlefunds), and can't be earned in-game. Each time you get enough XP to rank up, you also earn a training point; these are used to selectively unlock additional capabilities such as hand grenades, extra ammo, faster sprinting, and so on.
Graphically, the game looks decidedly dated. This is likely a result of the relatively small size. The beta weighs in at only about a gigabyte, and so texture quality and model complexity have been scaled back. It's functional, but nowhere near as pretty as, say, Battlefield: Bad Company 2.
The flip side is that even on relatively weak hardware—I played on a Core 2 Duo E6700 with a ATI 4830 video card—the frame rates are high enough to be irrelevant. Battlefield Play4Free has very light hardware requirements, and should run well on any half-decent Windows PC.
The weapons feel satisfying, hitting hard and with good precision. Movement is smooth, fluid, and reasonably quick. I've never been proficient at flying Battlefield vehicles; whether using mouse and keyboard or my Xbox 360 controller, I'm basically awful. This is just as true in BFP4F as its predecessors, but judging by the way other people can wreak havoc with them I'm sure the controls all work well enough if you're competent at flying.
The training points are a good system. Training items are spit into two types; combat training, which improves your soldier's strength and awareness, and equipment training, which improves his weaponry. Some of the training items are a little surprising—the abilities to fly planes and helicopters both need to be unlocked, for example, as do hand grenades—but it provides a strong incentive to keep playing. The full unlock trees aren't available yet, so it's hard to know exactly how long it will take to get every item, but it looks like there will be plenty of things to play for if you're of a completionist bent.
I realize it's still labeled "beta," but this game is buggy as hell. If you're playing it in windowed mode, it doesn't trap the mouse properly. Try to turn too fast and the mouse will fall off the edge of the window, relinquishing control of the game. Full-screen mode solves that issue, but the game won't actually stick properly in full-screen mode. It'll randomly minimize the window, returning you to the desktop. Other times, it just gave up the ghost completely; it reverted to windowed mode, but stopped actually drawing the window contents, leaving just a dumb window frame. The game is still running normally, but it just leaves you completely blind. Attempts to rebind keys repeatedly crashed the game.
Many users, myself included, are also seeing a bug when using the best graphics setting. Aiming down the iron sights causes the entire screen to go blurry. The game is supposed to do some kind of depth-of-field effect, but instead of making the gun blurry, everything goes blurry.
There are other annoyances which might not be bugs, but are still downright annoying. For example, the game has no qualms about spawning you within an enemy's crosshairs. Several times I saw people camping in secluded spots adjacent to spawn points, so that they could instantly kill anyone spawning in front of them. Given the minimal control over spawning that the game has (you can only choose to spawn at your main base or at a random flag), this is unacceptable. Spawning should be safe.
Beta or not, these are not bugs that EA should have released into the world. I've used lots of beta software over the years; none has been this rudimentary or unfinished.
Bugs are at least fixable. What I don't think EA will be able to fix, however, is the bad design decisions that plague the game.
It's been a season of highs and lows for William Nylander.
The highly touted rookie roared out of the gates in October, capturing the NHL's “Rookie of the Month” award on the strength of 11 points in nine games. Nylander has been a frequent fixture on the Leafs' top line with Auston Matthews and Zach Hyman and the trio ranks with some of the NHL's best lines (more on that in a moment).
That's the good.
But Nylander's received his share of negative attention so far too.
During the team's Western Canada road trip, Nylander's name surfaced in highly speculative trade rumours, culminating in talk that he may be on the move.
Nylander's also been shuffled throughout the lineup, sometimes saddled with Ben Smith and Matt Martin on Toronto's fourth line.
The Star's Kevin McGran weighed in, wondering if Nylander's intermittent “soft play” contributed to coach Mike Babcock's decision to shuffle the budding...
There is a lot of hate directed toward Google's Cardboard VR viewer within the enthusiast community. Many point to the lack of quality when compared to dedicated VR setups saying that they worry the experience will “poison the well” for VR. They aren't totally wrong. Google Cardboard lacks the internal hardware present on the Gear VR, for example, that helps to improve the comfort of the experience. But just because it isn't as good doesn't make it bad, not in the grand scheme of things.
Google Cardboard will never be “The” VR headset to own but that never has been its purpose. It's real purpose is to bring VR to the masses, and that is exactly what it is doing. The Cardboard is like the movie trailer for the VR industry, you don't get the whole thing but you get a sense of what it could be. And oftentimes a taste is all you need.
Cardboard helps to solve one of VR's biggest problems
Virtual reality's biggest problem, as many have pointed out, is that you really have to see it to be able to understand it. You can ask people to come to a store to try it out and maybe you will get a few, but let's face it, for years now more and more consumers are turning to shopping online, so getting a mass-adoption-sized audience to visit their local Best Buy or Gamestop to try VR for the first time is difficult. Even out-of-home marketing events like the HTC Vive's ‘world tour' only end up reaching at most a couple thousand people at once.
Cardboard, on the other hand, is cheap enough to produce that Google is able to literally give them away, which they have been doing. A lot. Just this month, Google partnered with the New York Times to distribute over 1 million of the devices to people across the country. And for a lot of those people, the experience was quite enjoyable:
For all you NYT VR cynics: I just got to witness my 78-year-old grandma use it and it took her breath away and that alone is an A+ purpose. — Brennan Carley (@BrennanCarley) November 8, 2015
I am a 75 year old tecchie and I was totally amazed with the NYT VR. Great to look up, down and around. Awesome! https://t.co/uGvZnzkhzf — Ron Thomas (@ronnert) November 8, 2015
I wanted to be cynical about this NYT VR app. But it's really hard. Amazing use of tech to tell stories. https://t.co/5BAYgUbwnt — Jamie Conway (@jsconway) November 8, 2015
.@nytimes NYT VR gets the mom seal of approval. “I feel like I'm there.” pic.twitter.com/vmifk3pqlh — E. Quinn Libson (@quinnlibson) November 8, 2015
Woke up this morning and took a trip to Lebanon, Ukraine, and Sudan. Learned, cried. Future of journalism. #NYTVR pic.twitter.com/CZP3qqUjR9 — Udi Ofer (@UdiACLU) November 7, 2015
Thanks @nytimes, it's been awhile since I've sobbed into a cardboard box. #NYTVR — Topher McCulloch (@mugwumpian) November 8, 2015
All of that from Cardboard, literal cardboard. That in and of itself is telling to a consumer with half a brain. No one is going to pick up a Cardboard and say that it is capable of the same experience as an Oculus Rift, for example, which will cost upwards of forty times more than the Cardboard.
That first hit from the proverbial VR crack pipe has lead to an increase in usage on Google's VR apps. According to a Google PR representative, the official Cardboard app “saw a record number of installs” after the New York Times stunt. And it wasn't just Google's app that saw a spike, Jaunt VR saw an 87% increase in usage on their app in the week following the event. Littlstar, a 360º video streaming app, saw “increased downloads” as well. After spending an average of 14.7 minutes inside the NYT VR app people didn't toss their Cardboards in the trash, they sought more.
The proof is in the pudding, Google Cardboard is helping people to get hooked on VR, or at least 360º video.
360º video is a transitional medium just as much as the Google Cardboard is a transitional technology. Both represent important steps towards the eventual goal. For 360º video, it is likely a blending of computer graphics with live-captured light field images, for Cardboard it is true VR experiences like the one you get from the best modern wired headsets.
Google themselves see this to be the case. “We have ambitions beyond just Cardboard,” Google's VR Head Clay Bavor told Wired. “There are many other things going on.” One of those things is the goal to standardize Android chipsets on phones across the ecosystem, quite possibly with VR in mind – especially with reports that Google is working on a VR version of Andriod.
Cardboard will never be an ideal experience, not until all the necessary hardware is built into the phone itself at least, but it is not the horrendous, motion sickness inducing, well-poisoner that some are making it out to be. It's time to stop criticizing Google Cardboard for what it isn't and start praising it for what it is, the most accessible piece of in-home advertising the virtual reality industry has right now.
Tagged with: google, google cardboard
RELATED WEB SITE * Timothy D. Sands
July 17, 2008 Advance brings low-cost, bright LED lighting closer to reality WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. - Operating a "reactor"
Download photo
caption below
Timothy D. Sands, at left, director of Purdue's Birck Nanotechnology Center in Discovery Park, and graduate student Mark Oliver, operate a "reactor" in work aimed at perfecting solid-state lighting, a technology that could cut electricity consumption by 10 percent if widely adopted. Inside the reactor, a material called gallium nitride is deposited on silicon at temperatures of about 1,000 degrees Celsius, or 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. Purdue researchers have overcome a major obstacle in reducing the cost of the lighting technology, called light-emitting diodes . (Purdue News Service photo/David Umberger) A publication-quality photo is available at https://news.uns.purdue.edu/images/+2008/sands-LEDs.jpg ABSTRACT Organometallic Vapor Phase Epitaxial Growth of GaN on ZrN/AlN/Si Substrates Mark H. Oliver,1,3,a Jeremy L. Schroeder,1,3 David A. Ewoldt,1,3 Isaac H. Wildeson,1,2, Vijay Rawat,1,3 Robert Colby,1,3 Patrick R. Cantwell,1,3 Eric A. Stach,1,3
and Timothy D. Sands 1,2,3 1School of Materials Engineering, Purdue University,
West Lafayette, Indiana 2 School of Electrical and Computer Engineering,
Purdue University 3Birck Nanotechnology Center, Purdue University An intermediate ZrN/AlN layer stack that enables the epitaxial growth of GaN on (111) silicon substrates using conventional organometallic vapor phase epitaxy at substrate temperatures of 1000 °C is reported. The epitaxial (111) ZrN layer provides an integral back reflector and Ohmic contact to n-type GaN, whereas the (0001) AlN layer serves as a reaction barrier, as a thermally conductive interface layer, and as an electrical isolation layer. Smooth (0001) GaN films less than 1 micron thick grown on ZrN/AlN/ Si yield 0002 x-ray rocking curve full-width-at-half-maximum values as low as 1230 arc sec. © 2008 American Institute of Physics. To the News Service home page If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact Purdue News Service at purduenews@purdue.edu.
Growing up in a hurry is nothing new to Nick Paul. The Ottawa Senators prospect hit the fast forward button when he shot up by nine inches in his final year of midget hockey.
He didn't stop there. Paul's stature continues to rise as he represents the Connor McDavid-less Ontario Hockey League Thursday against a Russian all-star squad. The Subway Series game is being played in Peterborough.
“It's really exciting, playing with amazing players,” Paul said Wednesday during a pit stop on the drive from his OHL home in North Bay to Peterborough. “You don't want to make mistakes, but once you get out there, you want to have fun and let your instincts take over, make good plays, deliver some hits.”
Paul, whom the Senators acquired along with Alex Chiasson and Alex Guptill in the Jason Spezza trade last summer, has had a strong start to his OHL season, with 14 goals and five assists in 16 games. That's all come on the heels of his impressive showing at Canada's world junior evaluation camp in August and at Senators training camp in September. He's aiming to use Thursday's game as a springboard to make Canada's squad for the Christmas-New Year tournament.
“I just want to show well enough to make the team this year,” he said. “Every day I want to get better. I set high standards for myself.”
The Senators are thrilled with his continued development.
“He's the type of player we want in the organization, a big body (6-3, 220 pounds) who goes to the front of the net,” said Senators assistant general manager Randy Lee. “He plays the game right. He's hard on the puck.”
Lee is likewise impressed that towering 6-5, 225-pound Guelph defenceman Ben Harpur, who will also be in the OHL line-up Thursday, has answered the challenge of playing with more edge. Harpur was originally drafted in the fourth round, 108th overall, at the 2013 NHL draft. Last season, Harpur worked closely with then-Senators player development coach Jason Smith, who has since moved up the ladder to become an assistant to head coach Paul MacLean.
Scott Walker, who doubles as Harpur's coach in Guelph and as an assistant to Canadian junior coach Ben Groulx, said Harpur has grasped his role as a stay-at-home defenceman, understanding that less is sometimes more. Due to his size and ability to contain forwards, Harpur is also on the inside track to winning a job on Canada's junior squad.
“He's just going to keep getting bigger, he still has room to grow,” said Walker.
Ottawa 67's captain Travis Konecny will also play in Thursday's game. While Konecny has had a slow start offensively, with two goals and nine assists in 16 games, 67's general manager Pat Higgins said the player has given up some numbers while focusing on a more all-around game.
“It's a great opportunity for him to get to play with better players, seeing how they handle themselves,” said Higgins. “It's nothing but a great learning experience and maybe it helps him get going (offensively) a bit.”
When the Russian team moves on to play Quebec major junior league stars in Bathurst, N.B., and Rimouski, Quebec next week, the Senators will be represented by Francis Perron, who was drafted in the seventh round, 190th overall, last summer. Perron, 6-0 and 160 pounds, has 12 goals and 13 assists in 18 games with Rouyn-Noranda this season.
“He's an exciting player, but he's got to get stronger,” said Lee. “He's a lot like (Jean-Gabriel) Pageau. He's not afraid. Some guys, when they get uncomfortable, they change their games. (Pageau and Perron) don't.”
kwarren@ottawacitizen.com
Twitter.com/Citizenkwarren
SENATORS PROSPECTS IN BINGHAMTON
GP G A Pts
D-Chris Wideman 13 8 9 17
LW-Matt Puempel 13 4 5 9
C-Jean-Gabriel Pageau 13 3 6 9
C-Cole Schneider 12 3 4 7
LW-Shane Prince 11 3 3 6
D-Fredrik Claesson 13 0 3 3
JUNIORS GP G A PTS
LW-Nick Paul(North Bay, OHL) 16 14 5 19
RW-Tobias Lindberg(Oshawa, OHL) 17 9 13 22
LW-Francis Perron(Rouyn-Noranda, QMJHL) 18 12 13 25
C-Vincent Dunn(Rimouski, QMJHL) 20 8 5 13
D-Ben Harpur(Guelph-OHL) 10 3 7 10
D-Andreas Englund(Djurgadens,SweHL) 18 1 2 3
Play Stop pop out X
Transcript: ‘Invisibilizing the Workers Who Actually Do the Work'
MP3 Link
This week on CounterSpin: a special episode in celebration of Labor Day. It's presented by corporate media as most importantly a long weekend, with a parade—or, more seriously, as a holiday fought for by US trade unions to honor American workers. But the holiday has more complex origins.
A national holiday had been a goal of US labor—several states already celebrated—but Grover Cleveland declared Labor Day in the midst of an attack by federal troops on striking Pullman railway workers, leading many to see it as more an attempt to appease workers than to honor them.
It's fitting that the holiday remind us of the struggles as well as the advances of US workers, who face today some of the same problems as workers in 1894—including distant and disconnected owners, whose self-enriching, anti-worker policies are enabled and, if need be, enforced by government.
We revisit a few illuminating conversations about work and labor—and media coverage—this week on CounterSpin.
Documents show Turkey sent guns to Syrian rebels
Tolga Tanış WASHINGTON/ Hürriyet
The numbers found in the UN Comtrade database of international trade were based on records from the Turkish Statistics Institution. AFP photo
Turkey has sent over 47 tons of weaponry to the Syrian rebels since June, according to documents filed under the United Nations trade records, despite repeated denials from government ranks.The U.N. records show that Turkey has sent varying amounts of guns to the Syrian rebels over the past few months, with the highest amount reaching nearly 29 tons of weaponry in September alone. The numbers are found in the U.N. Comtrade, a database of international trade statistics detailed according to commodities and partner countries.Turkish Foreign Ministry spokesperson Levent Gümrükçü initially denied the numbers, but later on confirmed to daily Hürriyet that the U.N. numbers were based on previous records from the Turkish Statistics Institute (TÜİK), which filed the weaponry sent to Syria as “guns without military uses.”This category, which includes shotguns and hunting rifles, but excludes more advanced weaponry such as Kalashnikovs, allows for states to bypass the weapons embargo currently imposed on Syria.Turkey has repeatedly denied providing military assistance to the Syrian rebels, despite several reports claiming otherwise.Back in August, opposition sources claimed that 400 tons of arms had been sent into Syria from Turkey to boost insurgent capabilities against Syrian government forces, after a suspected chemical weapons strike on rebellious suburbs of Damascus. The claims were strictly denied by Turkish diplomats at the time.In November, authorities seized nearly 1,000 rocket heads after searching a truck in the southern province of Adana. The local governor said 10 people had been detained in the raid, during which 935 rocket heads and 10 launching pads were seized. At the time, Adana Governor Hüseyin Avni Coş claimed that the operation proved Turkey was not supporting radical groups in Syria.
MBTA
SHARE
GOV. CHARLIE BAKER told two of his predecessors on Wednesday that he and his staff would explore a proposed rail link between North and South Stations, but he appeared to reject one of their central arguments.
Former governors Michael Dukakis and Bill Weld say the state has to deal with severe congestion at North and South Stations and must soon choose between building the rail link or expanding the two stations to accommodate more trains. The two former governors say the rail link is the best option because it would provide a long-term solution to congestion and allow the commuter rail system to operate more like a subway system with its north and south lines connected. Dukakis after the meeting said expanding South Station would only temporarily solve the congestion problem. He called building the North-South rail link “a no-brainer.”
Get the Daily Download Our news roundup delivered every weekday.
Email *
Baker, however, rejected the notion that the two projects are mutually exclusive and indicated he favored the South Station expansion because development initiatives associated with the project would yield enough money to pay for it. He said Weld and Dukakis had told him the North-South rail link may cost somewhere between $2 billion and $4 billion.
Dukakis said the rail link project could also pay for itself with revenue from increased ridership on commuter rail lines. He said the rail link project would also eliminate the need for more rail lines at North and South Stations and free up for development tracks that are currently being used for train layovers. By connecting the north and south rail lines, Dukakis said, those layover areas could be relocated to anywhere on the commuter rail network.
Dukakis, a professor at Northeastern University, and Weld, a lawyer-lobbyist, met with Baker in his suite of offices at the State House. Afterwards, Baker spoke to the press, followed by Dukakis. Weld left without talking to reporters.
Weld and Dukakis urged Baker to release $2 million set aside in a bond bill to study the North-South rail link, but the governor declined to say whether he would do it.
Asked if it made sense to explore such a major transit project given the T's many operating problems, including significant cost overruns with the Green Line extension to Somerville and Medford, Baker said his administration's top priority is fixing the T. But, in the larger context of economic development and regional planning, Baker said, “this is certainly something's that's worth considering.”
The North-South rail link would not only connect the commuter rail lines north and south of the city but build underground stations in Boston that would allow passengers to get off one train and board another heading in a different direction. Dukakis said such a system would open the door to much greater regional development by allowing people to connect to jobs more easily.
Meet the Author Bruce Mohl Editor , CommonWealth About Bruce Mohl is the editor of CommonWealth magazine. Bruce came to CommonWealth from the Boston Globe, where he spent nearly 30 years in a wide variety of positions covering business and politics. He covered the Massachusetts State House and served as the Globe's State House bureau chief in the late 1980s. He also reported for the Globe's Spotlight Team, winning a Loeb award in 1992 for coverage of conflicts of interest in the state's pension system. He served as the Globe's political editor in 1994 and went on to cover consumer issues for the newspaper. At CommonWealth, Bruce helped launch the magazine's website and has written about a wide range of issues with a special focus on politics, tax policy, energy, and gambling. Bruce is a graduate of Ohio Wesleyan University and the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He lives in Dorchester. About Bruce Mohl is the editor of CommonWealth magazine. Bruce came to CommonWealth from the Boston Globe, where he spent nearly 30 years in a wide variety of positions covering business and politics. He covered the Massachusetts State House and served as the Globe's State House bureau chief in the late 1980s. He also reported for the Globe's Spotlight Team, winning a Loeb award in 1992 for coverage of conflicts of interest in the state's pension system. He served as the Globe's political editor in 1994 and went on to cover consumer issues for the newspaper. At CommonWealth, Bruce helped launch the magazine's website and has written about a wide range of issues with a special focus on politics, tax policy, energy, and gambling. Bruce is a graduate of Ohio Wesleyan University and the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He lives in Dorchester.
Dukakis said tunnel-boring technology is well established and reassured everyone that “this is not the Big Dig, folks.” He rattled off projects around the country and the world, including the Red Line extension to Alewife, that have made use of the technology.
After Dukakis answered questions from reporters, he walked out of the State House and headed down to Park Street Station to catch a train to Northeastern, where he said he was teaching a class on the 1960s.
SHARE
For a primer on the North-South rail link, click here
“This is just a distraction,” Democratic pollster Mark Mellman says of the news the FBI is reexamining the Clinton email case.
During a press conference — which lasted all of three minutes — Hillary Clinton herself said, “I think people a long time ago made up their minds about the emails. I think that's factored into that people think and now they're choosing a president.”
But for people in the intelligence community -- including disgruntled FBI agents and even former officials in the Pentagon, it's not that easy.
WEINER, CLINTON AND THE FBI'S CHANCE AT REDEMPTION =AN ELECTION NIGHTMARE
The revival of the Clinton email scandal reminds them of just how exposed Clinton left highly classified information.
Last September, an FBI report noted the bureau couldn't find proof her private email server was hacked into by adversaries. But it noted that the private server had to be shut down repeatedly because of hacker attacks and a successful attack wasn't likely to have left fingerprints. Also, some "hostile foreign actors" were able to break into the personal email accounts of Clinton's close aides, obtaining a treasure trove of emails exchanged with her personal account.
Note that so far none of the WikiLeaks revelations have come from Hillary's personal account. That could mean it wasn't hacked, or it could mean that “hostile” actors are waiting to make use of them.
Given the growing suspicions that the Clinton Foundation may have exchanged favors with the Clinton State Department, her private server could be of great interest in establishing such links.
In short, we have to acknowledge the danger that Hillary Clinton could be the target of international blackmail in the White House.
Consider what happened the first time the Clinton couple was there. Bill Clinton's involvement with the intern Monica Lewinsky had national security implications and also subjected him to possible blackmail.
Secret Service agent Gary Bryne reported in his book ‘Crisis of Character” that U.S. intelligence agencies had concluded that Russia, the U.K. and Israel had intercepted phone calls between Clinton and Monica Lewinsky.
In 2000, Insight magazine, after a one-year investigation by a team of reporters, claimed that the Israeli government had “penetrated four White House telephone lines and was able to relay real-time conversations on those lines from a remote site outside the White House directly to Israel for listening and recording.”
Boris Yeltsin, the former Russian president, wrote in his memoirs that Russian intelligence had picked up on Clinton's “predilection for beautiful young women.”
From agreeing to talk with the insecure Lewinsky on short notice to making sure she had a job to her liking at the Pentagon (with a security clearance!) President Clinton did a great deal to keep Lewinsky quiet. Nonetheless, she ended up discussing her affair with 11 people. One of those was Linda Tripp, a Pentagon official who recorded their talks. But what if Tripp or someone else had taken those tapes to Chinese or Iranian diplomats instead of Kenneth Starr, the special prosecutor?
Indeed, in his book “Clinton, Inc.,” journalist Daniel Halper reports that there was a blackmail attempt against Bill Clinton.
In October 1998 in a bid to gain the release of Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard, an Israeli team led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatened to blackmail President Clinton with tapes of Clinton and Lewinsky.
When Clinton brought Israel's request for Pollard's release to CIA Director George Tenet, Tenet threatened to resign on the spot should Clinton cave and release Pollard. Clinton ultimately declined the Israeli request, though he would consider it once again before the end of his term.
In fact, Clinton was all too aware of the security risk the Lewinsky relationship represented. The Starr Report, released in September 1998, reveals that Clinton told Lewinsky that "he suspected that a foreign embassy was tapping his telephones, and he proposed cover stories" if they were ever questioned about their relationship.
The president and Lewinsky had "phone sex" 10 to 15 times, so Clinton told Lewinsky that, if asked, she should say "they knew their calls were being monitored all along, and the phone sex was just a put-on." This laughable "explanation" wouldn't have helped much if a foreign power had intercepted the explicit calls.
"I'm just horrified to think the commander-in-chief is conducting himself with such reckless disregard for his responsibilities, making himself part and parcel of every blackmail threat that one can imagine," retired Marine Lt. Gen. Charles Cooper told the Washington Times in 1998.
The Code of Federal Regulations (Title 32, Chapter 1, Part 147) makes clear that a person may lose a security clearance for "concealment of information that may increase an individual's vulnerability to coercion, exploitation, or duress, such as engaging in activities which, if known, may affect the person's personal, professional, or community standing or render the person susceptible to blackmail.”
Presidents have enforced such laws by issuing edicts such as Executive Order No. 12968 in August 1995. It states that individuals eligible for access to classified material must have a record of "strength of character, trustworthiness, honesty, reliability, discretion, and sound judgment, as well as freedom from conflicting allegiances and potential for coercion." It was signed by President Clinton. Three months later he began a relationship with an intern named Monica Lewinsky
The American people will have to decide if, after 20 years, the Clintons have really changed the way they operate and can be trusted to retake control of the Oval Office.
Recently by Peter Schiff: Don't be Fooled by Political Posturing
I have been forecasting with near certainty that QE2 would not be the end of the Fed's money-printing program. My suspicions were confirmed in both the Fed minutes on Tuesday and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke's semi-annual testimony to Congress yesterday. The former laid out the conditions upon which a new round of inflation would be launched, and the latter re-emphasized  in case anyone still doubted  that Mr. Bernanke has no regard for the principles of a sound currency.
Tuesday's release of the Fed minutes contained the first indication that a third round of quantitative easing (QE3) is being considered. The notes described unanimous agreement that QE2 should be completed, along with the following comment: "depending on how economic conditions evolve, the Committee might have to consider providing additional monetary policy stimulus, especially if economic growth remained too slow to meaningfully reduce the unemployment rate in the medium run." Since the unemployment situation is deteriorating, and by all accounts will continue to do so, the Fed is essentially pledging to keep the spigot turned on. The committee also decided to look only at current "overall inflation" in making their judgments, as opposed to "inflation trends." Since new dollars take awhile to circulate around the economy and raise prices, this means the Fed is sure to be too late in tightening once inflation starts to run away, causing more dislocations in the American economy.
If anyone had lingering faith that Mr. Bernanke actually has a plan to end the US government's addiction to cheap money, the Chairman's semi-annual testimony to Congress should have washed it away. In addition to claiming that his money-printing has helped the US economy, Bernanke told Congress that gold is not money, people buying gold are not concerned about inflation, and the external value of the dollar has no influence on its domestic purchasing power. He even took a moment to stump for President Obama's plan to raise the debt ceiling.
By claiming that gold is not money, the Chairman demonstrates his ignorance of much of monetary history. He told Congressman Ron Paul that he had no idea why central banks hold gold, before speculating that it might have something to do with tradition. Yes, traditionally gold is money, which is precisely why central banks hold it. And gold is money because central bankers like Mr. Bernanke cannot be trusted with a paper substitute.
Bernanke further disputes the facts by claiming that the only reason people are buying gold is to hedge against uncertainty, or "tail risks" as he calls them. My advice to the Chairman is to ask the people who are actually buying it. As someone who has been buying gold myself for a decade, I can assure him that my gold buying has nothing to do with "uncertainty." In fact, it's just the opposite. I am buying gold because of what is certain, not what is uncertain. I am certain that Mr. Bernanke's incompetence will destroy the value of the dollar and unleash runaway inflation.
If it were true that people bought gold to protect themselves from market uncertainty, as the Chairman claims, then the metal should have spiked in the midst of the '08 credit crunches. Instead, it fell along with most other assets. People instinctively fled into US dollars and Treasuries because of their long record of stability. What Bernanke doesn't understand is that his irresponsible monetary policy is undermining that faith in US assets, built up over generations. That is what's driving gold: easy money, negative interest rates, and quantitative easing.
Finally, by claiming that the dollar's exchange rate has no effect on domestic prices, Mr. Bernanke demonstrates that he probably lacks the competence to be a bank teller, let alone Chairman of the Federal Reserve. A weaker dollar means Americans have to pay more for imported goods. But it also means domestic producers have to pay more for raw materials and imported components, which raises domestic production costs as well. It also means that more domestically produced goods are exported, reducing the supply and raising the price of what is left for Americans to consume. This is Econ 101.
Given the Chairman's confusion on the basics of economics, perhaps it's no surprise that he's put quantitative easing right back on the table, where, despite prior rhetoric, it has been all along. The Fed has always known that QE3 is coming; it's just looking for an excuse to launch it.
The problem is that fighting a recession with QE is like fighting a fire with gasoline. As the flames of recession reignite, more QE, while dousing it momentarily, will only produce an even larger economic inferno.
At one point, Bernanke said, "The right analogy for not raising the debt ceiling is going out and having a spending spree on your credit card and then refusing to pay the bill." He's got the analogy right, but his conclusions are completely wrong. Yes, Congress has gone on a spending spree and it's time to pay up. But raising the debt ceiling is like taking out a Mastercard to pay the Visa… it just makes the problem worse. If you or I go out one night, get drunk, and run up a huge credit card bill, we know that the way to fix it is to buckle down and pay it back. We might postpone vacation plans or put off buying a new car, we might cancel our cable TV subscription or gym membership. The point is that we would have to reduce current consumption to make up for the overspending in the past.
Obama claims that raising the debt ceiling is about getting a hold of the federal debt. Have you ever heard of anyone getting out of debt by taking on more debt? Has anyone ever reduced their debt without reducing current consumption? How can the Fed Chairman endorse such a preposterous idea?
Bernanke actually went a step further and warned against reducing current federal spending too sharply, claiming that such a move might impede the "recovery." He apparently believes that it is the role of the Congress to go on spending sprees, and his role to pay the mounting bills with freshly printed dollars. The fact that this formula has produced larger and larger economic crises does not seem to bother him. I guess ignorance is bliss.
Peter Schiff is president of Euro Pacific Capital and author of The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets and Crash Proof: How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse. His latest book is How an Economy Grows and Why It Crashes.
The Best of Peter Schiff
Norwegian fragrance designer and the creator behind Laila Fragrances, Geir Ness has collaborated with Disney on a signature release, "Frozen in a Bottle," out in stores this spring. Influenced by the winter setting of the Disney blockbuster Frozen, the fragrance captures the elements of the film in a bottle.
"The movie was phenomenal at capturing the winter beauty of its setting, inspired by the fjords of Norway," said Ness. "For inspiration, I sat alone in the Norewgian mountains, taking in the spectacular scenery, the crisp clean air, pure white snow and glistening glaciers."
The result of his excursion is a nuanced aroma.
"It was important to me to not only capture the essence of the Norwegian mountains and fjords, but to reflect the arc of the film's story. I wanted the scent to capture the emotions of the film." Ness added, "Frozen in a Bottle starts fresh, clean and powerful like the movie and develops into a soft, light and intoxicating fragrance evoking the film's heartwarming conclusion."
Frozen in a Bottle will be available for $70.00 for a 3.4 oz spray bottle, and $50.00 for a 1.7 oz bottle.
You may purchase it at Disney World/Epcot, Disney Cruise Lines and on these sites: www.disneystore.com & www.geirness.com.
Shadow equalities minister, Gloria de Piero, says Britain is still not class-blind and Labour will take action to widen opportunity
Labour will take action against class discrimination by asking public sector employers to monitor the social background of their workforce, Gloria de Piero, the shadow equalities minister, has said.
The senior Labour MP said the UK is still not class-blind and Labour would try to break open the closed shops of politics, law, journalism and business to people from all backgrounds.
De Piero said she was angry that just 25 out of some 650 graduates who got into the civil service fast stream were from working class backgrounds.
She said the legal profession was already monitoring the social background of applicants and a Labour government would work to ensure this is done in the public sector.
"We talk a lot about smashing glass ceilings and rightly so but the Labour party will never forget about the people who can't even get through the door of the building," she told the party's autumn conference.
"Because if you're born poor, you are more likely to stay poor in this country than in other wealthy nations. There are ladders that can be used to climb up and get on but they aren't being extended to everyone."
She said three-quarters of senior judges and nearly half of journalists are from private schools, which educate just 7% of the population.
"This is not an accident of talent. This is inequality of opportunity entrenched in the recruitment practices of professions that hire in their own image," De Piero said.
More must be done to make sure work experience opportunities are given to "bright kids without connections", she said, praising the right-leaning Spectator magazine for doing this.
But she criticised the Conservative-led government for failing to act and auctioning off top internships to the highest bidder at its fundraisers.
The shadow minister said Labour must also look to itself to improve access at a time when half of MPs and peers went to fee-paying schools and 25 MPs out of 650 have worked in manual jobs.
But she added: "Look round the room: no other party can come close to representing the people of Britain in the way that we do … A Labour party led by Ed Miliband will increase the talent pool and bring more women, more ethnic minority, more disabled people of all experiences into politics."
Angela Burdett-Coutts (1814-1906) was an incredibly wealthy woman who made a career out of charity. During her life she gave away between £3 and £4 million.
Her mother was part of the Coutts banking family while her father was a baronet and a radical MP but, despite this well-to-do background it was not obvious that Angela would inherit great wealth. However, in 1837 she inherited a fortune thanks to her step grandmother, Harriot Mellon Coutts (an ex-actress who made some rather good marriages).
At 23 she was the richest heiress in England. Angela declined a number of marriage proposals choosing instead to set up home with her companion and ex-governess Hannah Meredith. When Hannah married her husband, Dr. William Brown, became Angela's resident doctor.
After setting up allowances for her mother and sisters Angela used her fortune to support a huge variety of charitable causes. Her charity was thoughtful and practical, for example in an attempt to reduce maternal death rates she employed trained nurses to attend poor women during childbirth. Nor did she avoid controversial causes. During the Russo-Turkish War in 1877, she made strenuous efforts to support Muslim refugees and, with help from Charles Dickens, she set up Urania Cottage in an effort to rehabilitate former prostitutes. In recognition of her philanthropy she was granted a peerage in her own right and became Baroness Burdett-Coutts in 1871.
At the age of 67, she scandalized polite society by marrying a man of 29, ignoring the Archbishop of Canterbury's suggestion that she might adopt him instead. Their marriage was apparently happy and she lived for another 27 years. She is buried in Westminster Abbey.
The extent of modern GOP presidential candidates' outreach to black voters is... narrow. As in, there's one event, total. The GOP presidential candidate will give a bland address to the NAACP convention, and that's it. His advisors tell him that he's made the perfunctory appearance, checked the box, and there's no more point to contesting for votes. Reporters will occasionally ask the GOP presidential candidate why they deserve black voters' support, and the response is typically something about how Abraham Lincoln was a Republican and it was the Democrats who held back civil rights. As though the last fifty years of American politics have been an act of mass hypnotism and not the product of events.
So at first, it comes off as a bit laughable that Sen. Rand Paul would argue that "fully a third of the African-American vote" will be open to the Republican message in 2016, as opposed to the typical ~10 percent. A quick survey of most of the preliminary Republican field indicates that yes, this is laughably lofty and unlikely to transpire. But there is one presumptive candidate out there who has the beginnings, at least, of a plausible Republican platform to pitch to black voters, and that's Rand Paul. And it would be a positive thing for the development Republican party, for African Americans, and for the country in general if Rand Paul continues to pursue this sort of outreach.
Advertisement:
Paul's first widely publicized attempt to appeal to African Americans, in a speech at Howard University, went poorly and earned him much mockery. It was all deserved. He said the specific things that merit mockery. He made the lazy appeal to Abraham Lincoln and the condescending "a-ha!" lecture about how Democratic politicians were behind Jim Crow laws. Politicians will not ingratiate themselves with ignored communities by engaging in this sort of politics-as-pub-trivia in a cheap attempt to skate past generations of very obvious political shifts -- like how all Democratic segregationists became Republicans when the Democratic party forcefully pursued a civil rights agenda. You know, that whole thing.
Since then, though, Paul has taken things more seriously, and to a certain extent put himself on the line within his party. He's pushed for a serious package of criminal justice reforms to eradicate over-the-top policies that target communities of color. He wants to do away with mandatory minimum sentencing guidelines for non-violent offenders. He wants to fully eliminate the disparities for crack and powder cocaine possession sentences. He wants to make it easier for non-violent juvenile offenders' criminal records to be expunged. And more. He's called out police militarization and law enforcement's targeting of black communities. He visited Ferguson. He's also been one of the very, very few high-profile figures in his party to call out voter ID laws -- until he walked back those comments, as soon as conservative editorialists gave him grief over it. He should consider... what's the word? Un-walking-back them, or whatever. (He should say that voter ID laws are a problem.)
It's not that he's an angel. There are other potential motives here: that he's just giving lip-service to these issues to inoculate himself against inevitable charges of racism, given his prior statements about the Civil Rights Act -- something he's trying hard to pretend never happened -- his association with "Southern Avengers," and his father's infamous pamphleteering history. And for every issue on which he's developed an compelling pitch to African Americans, there are two or three where he hasn't. He's still staunchly opposed to the Medicaid expansion, for example. His economics are strictly libertarian; he sees government programs as the enemy of economic security, not a partner. These are not the sort of positions you want to have if you're interested in plucking a significant number of votes from deep within the Democratic party base. He'll have to rethink them.
But if Paul were to become the Republican nominee, flesh out a full, serious pitch to black voters, and show at least some evidence that it was working, the consequences could be profoundly positive. Even a modest increase in black voters being in play would force the Democrats to stop taking black voters for granted. All of the criminal justice and police reform positions that the Congressional Black Caucus has been pushing for since forever, only to have them ignored by national Democratic party leaders who are worried they'll scare away white voters, could suddenly be game. You could have Hillary Clinton out there making them top policy priorities in order to shore up a crucial segment of the base that shows signs of drifting.
It's highly unlikely we'd ever get to that point. Rand Paul's presidential advisors will work their hardest to get him to stop talking about these things. They'll say there's no point in trying to appeal to black voters, especially within the context of a GOP presidential primary. But we shouldn't mock Rand Paul for setting this one-third goal. He should be encouraged to develop the full platform that can make it happen. It does no voting bloc any good when one party has completely forfeited them.
Even Democrats who prefer to develop alternate energy sources before expanding the use of fossil fuels say they want the Keystone XL pipeline built.
The new Pew "Political Typology" report shows huge majorities of all four Democratic-leaning groups support the development of wind, solar and hydrogen alternatives to oil, coal and natural gas.
But of those same four groups, the Keystone XL pipeline is still overwhelmingly popular in three of them.
Among "hard-pressed skeptics," "next generation left" and "faith and family left," support for Keystone is two-to-one. So even as a group like the "next generation left" group supports alternate energy over fossil fuels 83-11, it still backs Keystone 62-28.
Among "solid liberals" — the only group that opposes Keystone — it's about two-to-one against.
It's not unusual for polls to show overwhelming support for Keystone. We've seen that for years.
What the new poll shows is that even left-leaning voters who see themselves as environmentally conscious, pro-wind and pro-solar don't believe that Keystone runs contrary to that ultimate goal.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bayern Munich have rubbished speculation that Liverpool transfer target Mario Gotze isn't wanted at the Allianz Arena.
Reports in Germany stated that both new boss Carlo Ancelotti and chairman Karl-Heinz Rumenigge had told the attacker that he's surplus to requirements as he prepares to enter the final year of his current contract.
The suggestion was that Gotze, who is currently at Euro 2016, would be left out of their Champions League squad if he opted to stay put but Bavaria have hit back at talk of them trying to force the Germany international out.
A club statement read: “FC Bayern Munchen has demanded that various media sources cease and desist from reporting false claims.
“It has been reported that FC Bayern has ‘threatened' Mario Gotze by stating he would not be nominated to play in the Champions League if he remains at the club.”
Rummenigge insisted: “This is complete fiction. It remains the case that we will resolutely defend ourselves against all false or even malicious reporting using all legal means available to us.”
Jurgen Klopp is a big admirer of Gotze having worked with him at Borussia Dortmund and Liverpool are willing to pay around £20million to secure his services this summer.
The 24-year-old recently played down talk of a possible transfer when he insisted he was looking forward to the new season with Bayern. However, the Reds haven't given up hope of signing him and will continue to monitor his situation closely.
"Just be ready with your shutters, yeah?" It was 1pm outside Hackney Downs train station and two police community support officers were offering advice to the manager of the Tesco store next door, who had popped out in his shirt sleeves for an update, looking fretful.
Hackney had largely swept up the broken glass and cleared away the melted wheelie bins of the night before, the result of hundreds of masked youths fighting running battles with rows of riot police in several locations. But while the burnt-out cars were gone, leaving blackened, bubbled oblongs on the road, the mood was tense and strange, all the stranger given the dazzling lunchtime sunshine.
On Mare Street, the main thoroughfare a little to the south, almost every shop had already shuttered, while people stood in pavement huddles, looking out in case anything was about to happen.
The PCSOs, their radios crackling on their collarbones, had heard the same rumours as everyone else, that things might kick off in London Fields at 2pm, but seemed to know no more than the worried business owners. "Well, you know, it can all happen in two minutes," one said to the manager, smiling. "Just be ready."
It was a nervy day all over the capital. From Woolwich to Clapham Junction, Croydon to Enfield, Londoners had watched in dismay as familiar and well-loved streets were turned, for a time, into alien, frightening battle zones.
Monday evening's riots were shocking because of their speed and unpredictability, but also because of their geographical and socioeconomic scope.
If off-licences and newsagents in poor east London were trashed and looted, so too were luxury goods shops in monied Notting Hill. At the Michelin-starred restaurant the Ledbury, near Westbourne Park, chefs surged from the kitchens wielding frying pans to charge at rioters, while homes and pubs in the leafy Ledbury Road had their windows smashed. Disturbances that many Londoners felt had some roots in the capital's inequality also managed to unite much of the city in victimhood.
"I am having a look to make sure we don't get caught by any rioters tonight," said Neil Clifford, who is chief executive of the shoe chain Kurt Geiger but, for now, was sipping a cappuccino outside the Joseph store in Notting Hill. "It's pretty shocking. We look an embarrassment to the world. I think we probably either should have a massive influx of police or the support of the army to deal with this."
Pat Burn, a retired social worker who has lived in west London for 30 years, said she heard the sirens and feared for her and her elderly husband's safety.
"I think everybody around here is very worried. It feels as if things are out of control." She too thought military support might be needed. "The police should get the water cannon out and use the army if they can't cope.
"I'm not sure how it will all end. This area will be a target because it is wealthy. The problem is that in this country we live in extremes of rich and poor. We need to live in the middle, like they do in Scandinavia."
No one in Hackney was calling for the army. On Clarence Road, scene of some of the most dramatic and frightening rioting of the night, many said they felt the police had been alarming enough. All along the street, neighbours gathered in threes or fives, some talking discreetly among themselves, some debating noisily the cause of the disturbances. A few teenagers on low BMX bikes wheeled slowly along the street, looking at strangers with suspicion. No one was talking about anything else.
"The police were hanging at the bottom of the road, hundreds of them, waiting for trouble," said one man in his early 40s, who had stood on his doorstep until 2am to protect his front windows. Like most people on the street he would not give his name.
"Their priority was to protect Mare Street … the banks, the post offices. That's what their priortity is. Not us. Taxpayers are supposed to serve and protect the community. It's a joke."
But the young rioters' grievances with the police, he and his friends agreed, were much more deep-seated. "When you have police officers jumping out of vans, calling 18-year-olds bitches and niggers; I'm a youth worker, I see it all over.
"That's what's happening. They are thinking, who the fuck are you? And so it starts," he added.
"You have a generation of kids now that don't respect their parents or the police," chipped in his friend. "When we were youngsters we were made to have respect for the olders. Now if an older was to slap a youth that kid is going to pick up a hammer.
"I was one of these kids but it's bloody hard for them. There's nothing to do at all. University fees have gone up, education costs money. And there are no jobs. This is them sending out a message."
The same depressing picture – a mixture of alienation, anger at the police, boredom and mischief – was reiterated by locals across the Pembury estate. "They just want to be heard," said a young black woman. "This is the only way some people have to communicate."
Were cuts in services a factor? "Course they are. They cut our youth project by 75%. We used to work with gangs, run a workshop that brought police and young people together. Gone.
"That Cameron doesn't know what he's talking about. He's lucky he can get a holiday. These kids don't get a holiday."
Plenty of local young people, of course, were not involved – and many had little sympathy for the disturbances. "I think it was opportunism," said Sarah, 17, who lives behind the Pembury. "I can understand why people would riot in Tottenham but here? I just thought it was a chance for them to cause havoc. It's just an excuse."
"But there is a problem," interrupted her friend Ally, 21. "Growing up here, a lot of young boys, they are constantly harassed and stop and searched. The people, not just young people, they don't like the police. They don't get along with the police. They say the police are no good. They feel like they don't help them. So what was happening, they were just trying to give the police the runaround. Just to piss them off."
Both young women are currently looking for work, without success. "My dad talks about his generation, it was hard for them, but I think it's worse for us," said Ally.
"Definitely some people are just taking a riot that was for injustice and turning it to something that hasn't got anything to do with it. But maybe it's a cry for help as well. People are doing it to be noticed, because there's a problem."
Behind a low gate inside the Pembury complex, around eight 20-something men were sitting in a huddle in a children's play area around 3pm, some sitting on a low wall, one or two perched on swings or rocking toys, talking earnestly and quietly among themselves. Most had their hoods up, one was wearing a scarf wrapped around his head, concealing his face. They stopped talking abruptly, and two got up immediately to leave, when approached by the Guardian. "Nah," said one, barely glancing up. "We don't want to talk."
Additional reporting by Jessica Shepherd
Image caption Exposure to loud music can cause tinnitus - most commonly associated with ringing in the ears
Club-goers in a Devon city have been given free ear plugs to highlight the dangers of exposure to loud music.
Exeter University's Beats and Bass Society said it wanted to reduce the risk of hearing problems, such as tinnitus.
The society's Sounds for Life campaign is using the slogan: "No-one wants to listen to the same song for the rest of their life".
The British Tinnitus Association (BTA) said it backed the campaign.
Will Newton, a fourth-year economics student and the society's treasurer, said the aim was to make young people realise how to minimise the damaging effects loud music can have on hearing.
Festival hearing loss
"We're a music society - we love music and we certainly don't want to put people off going to clubs, venues and festivals," the 22-year-old from London told BBC News.
"But loud music can and will damage your hearing unless you take steps to avoid it.
"Ear plugs are a fairly obvious way, but there are also other little things you can do like taking breaks and thinking about where you stand at venues."
Mr Newton said he was "completely oblivious" to the dangers until two years ago when he experienced temporary hearing loss after attending two music festivals in the space of a month.
Peer-to-peer education like this is a very effective way of getting messages across David Stockdale, British Tinnitus Association
'Mixed signals'
David Stockdale, chief executive of the BTA said: "Peer-to-peer education like this is a very effective way of getting messages across and we are happy to support the students at Exeter in any way we can."
Exposure to loud sounds is believed to be one of the causes of tinnitus - a condition most commonly associated with ringing in the ears.
It is a sound "heard" in one or both ears for which there is no external source. The ringing, buzzing, roaring, hissing or whistling is actually a misinterpretation by the brain of signals from the nerves in the ear.
The Beats and Bass Society said it was in discussion with some of the city's nightclub owners to persuade them to keep a supply of earplugs to hand out if people asked for them.
Bradley Jean Hubbard, 23, has been arrested on bestiality charges and released on $15,000 bond
A Florida man has been accused of having sex with his dog, with the abuse possibly having been going on for years.
Bradley Jean Hubbard was arrested when a family member called cops to report the sexual abuse of the family's pit bull, named Baby Girl.
A member of Hubbard's family 'could not take it anymore' after seeing the man take the dog to his room to allegedly have sex with him.
The woman reportedly told deputies the abuse had happened more than 100 times over the last three years.
She explained how she had been able to witness the attack as Hubbard's bedroom door had a hole in it, as a result of a violent outburst.
The witness said she heard the dog whimper and cry out in pain during each incident.
She also told how the dog would initially cry out and whimper during its attacks, but over time it had stopped making noises as it was victimized.
Investigators took the dog to a vet who concluded that the dog's genitals showed signs of abuse.
Hubbard, 23, could be charged with engaging in sexual acts with an animal and causing the pain, suffering, or death of an animal.
Hubbard who has been arrested several times before on charges including battery, larceny, and resisting arrest has since been released on $15,000 bond.
Glowing Spiced Lentil Soup
First off, thank you all so much for your excitement and congrats about our news! I really enjoyed reading your comments and stories. I'm also happy to hear my impending loss of sanity should only be temporary. Truthfully, I'm not sure that I ever got it back after our first!
Second of all, I've missed you dearly. I've missed blogging. I've missed posting recipes. I love sharing my favourite recipes and stories with you guys. Nothing makes me happier than creating something I adore and thinking about you trying it in your own kitchens! It feels so good to have more energy these days and also to wrap up some other massive projects.
Today's recipe is most likely the last soup recipe I'll post until next fall (*sad face*), but boy is it a great one to end on. As my dad likes to say, “It's a humdinger!” Do you remember my Spiced Red Lentil, Tomato, and Kale Soup? Well, this soup reminds me a bit of that one, only it's even better! Turmeric, coconut, cumin, cinnamon, and cardamom create an incredibly healing and flavourful broth. I always say the test of a “vault-worthy” soup is whether you want to drink the broth on its own, and this one certainly fits the bill. A generous amount of turmeric makes it feel so healthy and powerful. Knowing that turmeric has so many anti-inflammatory benefits is always an added bonus, too!
My inspiration comes from a Whole Foods mason jar soup called “Spiced Lentil” that Eric picked up for me on a whim. Well, this soup blew me away. After glancing at the short ingredient list, I knew I could easily recreate it in my own kitchen. Or so I hoped! I scribbled down a recipe attempt and started cooking. The beauty of this soup is that it's a “pantry” soup. I had every single ingredient on hand (and still do, which explains why I've been making it so much). The first batch turned out darn near perfect (actually, we liked my version more), and the second attempt was even better than the first. Poor Eric only got one bowl from the first batch. You gotta be quick around the pregnant lady! I'll fight you.
If your weather is still cool, snowy, rainy, and dreary in early spring like it is here in Southern Ontario (we're getting a snowstorm later today…*cries*), I hope you'll enjoy this comforting soup. Even if it's not cold where you are, I'd argue that breaking out into a light sweat while eating this is totally worth it!
4.9 from 295 reviews fromreviews Glowing Spiced Lentil Soup Vegan, gluten-free, grain-free, nut-free, refined sugar-free, soy-free By Angela Liddon This soup is so quick and easy because there aren't many vegetables to chop (just garlic and onion—that's it!) and it relies mostly on pantry staples. It takes 15 minutes prep time (that includes getting the ingredients out), and then it's hands-off while it cooks. Talk about easy! While this soup contains a lot of spices, it's not what I would call "spicy" or "hot". If you do want a kick of heat feel free to add some cayenne pepper or red pepper flakes. Also, feel free to change up the baby spinach for other greens like stemmed kale or chard. This soup is inspired by Whole Foods. Yield
7 cups (1.65 litres) Prep time
15 Minutes Cook time
20 Minutes Total time
35 Minutes Ingredients: 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 cups (280 grams) diced onion (1 medium/large)
2 large garlic cloves, minced
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
1 (15-ounce/398 mL) can dice tomatoes, with juices
1 (15-ounce/398 mL) can full-fat coconut milk*
3/4 cup (140 grams) uncooked red lentils, rinsed and drained
3 1/2 cups (875 mL) low-sodium vegetable broth
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt, or to taste
Freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Red pepper flakes or cayenne pepper, to taste (for a kick of heat!)
1 (5-ounce/140-gram) package baby spinach
2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, or more to taste Directions: In a large pot, add the oil, onion, and garlic. Add a pinch of salt, stir, and sauté over medium heat for 4 to 5 minutes until the onion softens. Stir in the turmeric, cumin, cinnamon, and cardamom until combined. Continue cooking for about 1 minute, until fragrant. Add the diced tomatoes (with juices), entire can of coconut milk, red lentils, broth, salt, and plenty of pepper. Add red pepper flakes or cayenne, if desired, to taste. Stir to combine. Increase heat to high and bring to a low boil. Once it boils, reduce the heat to medium-high, and simmer, uncovered, for about 18 to 22 minutes, until the lentils are fluffy and tender. Turn off the heat and stir in the spinach until wilted. Add the lime juice to taste. Taste and add more salt and pepper, if desired. Ladle into bowls and serve with toasted bread and lime wedges. Nutrition Information Serving Size 1 cup (250 mL) | Calories 260 calories | Total Fat 16 grams
Saturated Fat 11 grams | Sodium 250 milligrams | Total Carbohydrates 24 grams
Fiber 8 grams | Sugar 4 grams | Protein 8 grams
Recipe makes 7 cups (1.65 litres) total.
* Nutrition data is approximate and is for informational purposes only.
Recipient's email * (Seperate Email Addresses with comma)
Your Name *
Please fill in the code below *
Let's get social! Follow Angela on Instagram @ohsheglows, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Snapchat, and Google+
Image copyright RSPCA Image caption Balloon syndrome is caused by gas collecting underneath the skin, often as the result of a traumatic event or infection
A hedgehog "blown up like a beach ball" has been rescued and diagnosed with a severe case of balloon syndrome.
The animal, which had inflated to twice its size, was spotted wandering around in circles by a member of the public in Toll Bar, Doncaster.
RSPCA inspector Sandra Dransfield said it was clear the animal was suffering the rare condition, which is caused by gas collecting under the skin.
The male hedgehog is being treated at an RSPCA centre in Cheshire.
'Taut skin'
Ms Dransfield said: "It's the worst case of balloon syndrome I've seen.
"This poor chap was almost twice its natural size, literally blown up like a beach ball with incredibly taut skin.
"I took the stricken animal straight to Peak Vets in Sheffield, where he was X-rayed and they released some of the air from under his skin.
"The vet then started him on a course of antibiotics and pain relief. We found him in the nick of time, and I really do hope he pulls through."
More news from across Yorkshire
Image copyright RSPCA Image caption The hedgehog had inflated to twice its natural size
An RSPCA spokesperson said balloon syndrome can be caused by a traumatic event, like an injury, or underlying infection, which releases gas into the cavity under the hedgehog's skin.
Treatment requires the skin to be punctured and a course of medication.
The large 1kg (2.2lb) hedgehog has been transferred to the RSPCA's Stapeley Grange Wildlife Centre in Nantwich, Cheshire, where he will be thoroughly examined under general anaesthetic and more air released.
He will be cared for at the centre until he is ready to be returned to the wild.
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
Why Is Chad in Trump's New Travel Ban?
President Donald Trump announced a new travel ban Sunday to replace the old one, which expired over the weekend and targeted six Muslim-majority nations. The new ban, which the White House called a “critical step toward establishing an immigration system that protects Americans' safety and security in an era of dangerous terrorism and transnational crime,” restricts travel from eight countries in all: Chad, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Syria, Venezuela, and Yemen.
The bans on Venezuela and North Korea are less jarring because of the heightened diplomatic tensions and already-existing sanctions on the two nations. But experts are befuddled by the decision to include Chad, one of America's closest counter-terrorism partners in Africa.
“I'm scratching my head about this decision,” said Richard Downie, deputy director of the Africa program at the Center for Strategic International Studies. “I'm not going to even try to make sense of this one,” he added.
The central African nation, bordered by countries mired in conflict and revolt such as Libya, Sudan, and the Central African Republic, plays a big role regionally in the fight against terrorism. It houses the headquarters and provides troops for the multinational task force fighting the terrorist group Boko Haram. Additionally, Chad houses the headquarters for the French counterterrorism mission in the region and is a member of the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership, a U.S.-led project that aims to address “terrorist threats and prevent the spread of violent extremism” in the region.
The administration has suspended entry of Chadian nationals into the United States, citing the country's failure to “adequately share public-safety and terrorism related information,” as well as the fact that “several terrorist groups are active” within the country.
While it's possible Chad may be skimping in its sharing of data and information, Downie said such evidence was not a distinguishable factor. “I'm sure Chad is not the only country that is not providing satisfactory information,” he said.
The confusion around what caused the White House to take such drastic foreign-policy measures remains a frustrating part of the decision.
“I can only surmise that there were concrete criteria that were demanded of any country wishing to maintain normal visa and immigration arrangements with the United States for a broad group of countries with concerns about extremists … and that Chad for whatever reason failed to comply (or to finish formal procedures or paperwork on time, perhaps),” Michael O'Hanlon, an African security expert at Brookings wrote in an email, adding he was really just guessing.
O'Hanlon called for a candid approach to such decision-making, saying, “I think it is important to have clear, transparent criteria and apply them consistently.”
Downie added that the ban would only harm coordination between the Pentagon and Chad, saying it “cannot be anything but damaging to a bilateral relationship.”
Experts say Trump's new ban will be harder to challenge in court because the additions of Venezuela and North Korea to the list distances the policy from Trump's anti-Muslim comments on the campaign trail. His first two efforts at implementing a travel ban were struck down by federal courts.
The new travel policies are slated to take effect on October 18 and will be in place indefinitely.
Photo credit: MARK SCHIEFELBEIN-Pool/Getty Images
To say the subject is controversial would be an understatement. That just makes it all the more suitable as the subject for a novel. For decades, perhaps even centuries, people have seen these unknown craft in the sky or even underwater. There can be a sharp divide between believers and non-believers, and controversy about what it all means. That tension, blended with the fundamental question of are we alone?, makes for many great storytelling opportunities. But the subject is very real. Thousands of sightings are reported every year to organizations like the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) and the National UFO Reporting Center. When investigated, many sightings can be explained -- and some can't. The latter is where the real phenomenon resides, especially when the sightings are highly unusual and seen by credible witnesses (pilots, military, law enforcement, etc.) and backed up by technological detection (radar, video, photos, etc.). Those are also the sightings that make us wonder why the government, media, scientists, and others would not take the subject more seriously. But, perhaps they do, and we just don't see it? Or maybe they just simply prefer to bury their heads in the sand? So, Truth Insurrected: The Saint Mary Project launches from a place where UFO's and aliens are real. Maybe it isn't as fictional as I thought?
Warren Beatty and Annette Bening's 'brave' transgender son joins in a special family dinner
Warren Beatty was said to be devastated when his teenaged daughter confessed she wanted to be a man.
But it seems the Dick Tracy star is coming to terms with the bombshell, as he is said to have toasted his 'brave son' at a special family dinner in Hollywood on Saturday.
The legendary ladies man is trying to solidify his relationship with Stephen, who was previously called Kathlyn, according to the National Enquirer.
Happy family: Warren Beatty is said to have made a heartfelt toast to his transgender son Stephen
And a source told the tabloid the special family meal at Italian restaurant il Covo was a way to publicly give his support to the 19-year-old, who decided she wanted to switch genders last year, but had been living as a man for at least two years previously .
The source said: 'The dinner was an unofficial public display that he's proud of his family, especially Stephen, for having the courage to be who he truly is.
'It wasn't easy for Warren. But he learned a lot about the transgender community over the past year.'
And as a result the 74-year-old is now bragging to friends about his 'intelligent and courageous son Stephen.'
The source added: 'Warren even made an emotional toast to Stephen during the dinner and said he was proud to have such a brave son.
Family fun: Warren and his wife Annette Benning had a slap-up family meal with Stephen last month
The person who was most pleased by the Bugsy actor's new found understanding was his 54-year-old wife Annette Bening.
The source added: 'Annette was simply glowing. She said the evening was the best Christmas present she's ever received.
But despite the fact it has taken some time for the Shampoo favourite to come to terms with his former daughter, who was named after his beloved mother, his feelings for him were never in doubt.
The source said: 'Warren never stopped loving their child, but he had plenty of issues and fears to overcome.
'The bottom line is he missed his little girl. But he's finally resigned himself to the fact that one day Stephen will probably have gender reassignment surgery and legally become a boy.
'Warren still slips up and calls Stephen "her" or by his birth name Kathlyn, but the bottom line is he's totally onboard with his child's new lifestyle.'
Nothing to hide: Warren Beatty's transgender son Stephen has revealed he has a boyfriend
Now and then: Stephen had already assumed his male persona in 2009 but was still feminine in 2004
Stephen is one of four children the Oscar winning sex symbol has with his wife of the last 19-years.
They have another two daughters, Isabel and Ella, and a son Ben.
Stephen is currently embroiled in a war of words with Chaz Bono, who she branded a 'mysogonist' after he claimed being transgender as effectively having a 'mismatched' brain and body, akin to a 'birth defect like a cleft palate'.
Warren's son said in his blog: '[Chaz] has appointed himself as the representative of a group of people who are not all like him.
'He has said misogynistic... things about gender. I take particular issue with his comments on trans embodiment and on women.'
Anette has admitted being a parent is far more challenging than she first realised, and admitted her family life is 'chaotic.'
She told Parade: 'It is very demanding. I've got this family who needs me even when I'm working.
'In some ways it's crazy-making, but in other ways, it's so deeply gratifying that I can have the chance to have a career too.
'We still want to idealise motherhood, including actresses who are moms.
'We're all just doing the best we can, trying to raise our kids and talk to them about everything that needs to be discussed and give them their limits and also be their allies.
'So for everybody, it's always a bit of a mess and chaotic.'
The Mail Online contacted Warren's representative, but has yet to receive a response.
Before the bombshell: Warren Beatty was delighted to pose Beatty poses with wife Annette Bening and children Isabel, Ella, Benjamin and Kathlyn when he was given a gong at the 27th Annual Kennedy Center Honors in 2004
Image copyright AP Image caption Ahmed Hussen is Canada's new minister of immigration in Justin Trudeau's government
Ahmed Hussen came to Canada from Somalia as a refugee. Now he's the new minister of immigration.
Along with thousands of compatriots, Ahmed Hussen fled war-ravaged Somalia for a better life in Canada.
Hussen's journey took him from Mogadishu to Toronto and then on to Ottawa's Parliament Hill, where the former Somali refugee was named this week as the country's newest minister of immigration in a reshuffle of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's Cabinet.
It was a fast political rise for the rookie politician, and will put Hussen, who arrived in Canada in 1993 as a 16-year-old, in charge of the complex portfolio that oversees who is welcomed into the country.
Friends say the lawyer and social activist will be able to draw from personal experience in his new role.
Mahamad Accord, who has known Hussen for years through his work with the Canadian Somali Congress, says his friend has not forgotten his modest roots despite walking Canada's corridors of power.
"He didn't change," he says. "The people around him changed."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Canada's Parliament Hill
Accord recalls Hussen offering him help a few years back. The Somali community in the provinces of Ontario and Alberta were struggling to tackle the deaths of dozens of young Somali men due to drug and gun violence.
He says Hussen did not shy away from speaking openly about the problems plaguing the Somali community in Canada, from high rates of poverty and unemployment to gang involvement.
But Hussen was also aware of how the community could be stigmatised, and was always careful in how he spoke and presented himself. Accord says his friend would tell him "we need to change people's perception of us".
"He expects high standards," he says.
Accord admits he was sometimes jealous of the lawyer and social activist's ability to get across a difficult message diplomatically.
It was that ability that struck former Ontario politician George Smitherman when he first met Hussen in 1999. Hussen was then fighting for the interest of Regent Park, a multi-ethnic neighbourhood in downtown Toronto where he had settled with one of his brothers upon his arrival in Canada.
In 2015, he told the Toronto Star that a backlog in refugee applications for permanent residency at the time meant he could not qualify for a student loan. Living in the public housing allowed him to save enough to go to university.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ahmed Hussen is from Toronto, where many Canadian Somalis settled
Hussen lobbied to help secure funds to revitalise the crime-ridden housing project, co-founding the Regent Park Community Council.
Some long-time residents had to move out of their homes during the redevelopment and were fearful they would not be able to return; Hussen worked to ensure their interests were protected.
"There was an extraordinary tension because there was distrust and concerns among tenants," recalls Smitherman. "Ahmed had to very carefully but forcefully represent their interests."
Smitherman, who calls the 40-year-old Mr Hussen an "old soul", later helped him land a job working with former Ontario premier Dalton McGuinty.
"He was someone who spoke with a calmness and an informed knowledge and maturity that defied his circumstances, both as someone who was young and someone who had taken this awesomely courageous step of leaving Africa for Canada."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Canadian Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen has spoken out about the migrant crisis
Mr Hussen swept his Toronto riding in November 2015, though he drew criticism for not living in the disadvantaged riding he was elected to represent.
Speaking last April in the House of Commons, he raised concerns about the recent drowning death of hundreds of migrants from Somalia and the Horn of Africa, saying: "Asylum seekers are not criminals. They are human beings in need of protection and assistance and deserving of our respect".
Smitherman sees Hussen's background as both an asset and a possible disadvantage in the challenging portfolio.
"It sets up for tensions also as expectations are increased," he says.
Following his swearing-in, Mr Hussen, the father of three boys, told media he was "extremely proud of our country's history as a place of asylum, a place that opens its doors and hearts to new immigrants and refugees".
Hussen has always referred to himself as a Canadian first and Somali second, says Accord. In 2015 Mr Hussen told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation that he does not want to be labelled a "Somali MP".
"I'm a Canadian. Somali is my heritage and I'm proud of my heritage but I have a lot to contribute to Canada. And I'm a mainstream guy. I'm not limited by my community," he said.
Hussen replaces John McCallum, a veteran politician who is going to become Canada's envoy to China after managing Trudeau government efforts to bring in over 39,000 Syrian refugees in the last 13 months.
"The real message of the new appointment is that the government wishes to profile refuges as a more salient part of our immigration program,' says Jeffrey Reitz, a University of Toronto sociology professor.
"But it does raise the question of the mainstream immigration programme," he says.
The rookie minister will face challenges in the key, and rarely uncontroversial, portfolio.
McCallum recently introduced contentious changes to Canada's popular family reunification programme, replacing a first-come, first-serve process with a lottery system to randomly choose 10,000 people who filled out initial applications to express interest. Critics say that reuniting families should not depend on luck of the draw.
Another recent decision to scrap a rule limiting how long foreign workers can stay in Canada is being targeted by the opposition as potentially harmful to the country's work force in the long run. Immigrant rights groups have been critical of the programme, arguing the workers under the program are vulnerable to abuse by employers.
He will also have to defend a recent Liberal decision to significantly reduce the number of private sponsorship applications for Syrian and Iraqi refugees because of a current backlog.
Canada plans to bring in 300,000 immigrants in 2017, the majority of them economic immigrants.
Update, 12/3
:
MICHIGAN -- The storm that caused spectacular waves on Lake Michigan and some minor lakeshore flooding also sent Lake Erie's water listing like a boat. The
It occurs when strong winds push water either way along the long length of a lake, essentially causing water levels to drop at one end and rise at the other. Data from the Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory shows the water level at Buffalo increased about 7 1/2 feet from 5 a.m. Thursday, Nov. 12 to 3 p.m. the same day. At the same time, the water level at Toledo fell slightly more than six feet. In the Twitter video below, Dave Mercer posted this action of Lake Erie just south of Buffalo from Thursday's storm.
At the other end of the lake, near Monroe south of Detroit, Amanda Zunk shot this video of receding waters:
Droid video taken a minute ago Posted by Amanda Elaine Zunk on Thursday, November 12, 2015
Related:
Some flooding issues developed in the Buffalo area and surrounding suburbs. Local media reported that the Town Of Hamburg issued a emergency management notice because of flooding along Hoover Beach. Buffalo police also closed off access to the Erie Basin Marina and flooding occurred at LaSalle Park next to the lake.
E-mail John Tunison: jtunison@mlive.com and follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/johntunison
On Thursday morning, President Trump tweeted out a notice to so-called DREAMers regarding rumors that they would be deported over the next six months:
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 7, 2017
What prompted this tweet? Apparently, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) asked him to do so, as reported by multiple sources.
Yes, seriously.
This means that over the last 24 hours, Trump has caved to Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) on raising the debt ceiling, praised Democratic Senator Heidi Heitkamp in North Dakota, openly called for legally enshrining President Obama's executive amnesty, and is now taking tweet suggestions from Pelosi herself.
So. Much. Winning.
None of this seems to matter much to Trump's most ardent fans. That's because their chief opponents aren't Pelosi and Schumer but Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), both of whom have been deemed “cucks” for routinely caving to Democrats. But when Trump does it, that's better, because that's showing those cucks who's boss. Or something. If Ryan and McConnell had told Trump to take a hike here – after all, they are the majority in Congress – Trump's fans would have called them cucks for not siding with Pelosi and Schumer.
Now that it's clear Trump has no qualms about standing with Pelosi and Schumer, that means Congressional Republicans had better take the lead on legislation or risk Trump going right around them to promote leftist agenda items, then slapping them as obstructionists. Sadly, that's not likely to happen — it's more likely that Trump could provide Congressional Republicans cover for governing like Democrats (see, e.g., McConnell's willingness to go along with Trump's debt ceiling deal). Which means conservatives aren't wrong to worry about Barack Obama's third term, as administered by Donald Trump.
Studio Jubilee
We're an independent design studio based in London, specialising in visual identity, design for print, and web design + development.
Contour bias
Contour bias is a straightforward principle and something that we naturally recognise and use everyday, but probably usually unconsciously.
Humans have an innate tendency to favour objects with curved contours over objects with sharp angles or points. Research shows that when our brains recognise sharp angles, it activates the amygdala; a region of the brain associated with processing fear and emotion. When brain activity is measured, the amygdala activation is directly proportional to the degree of sharpness in an object.
So, studies show that we strongly prefer rounded objects over angular ones. Take lots of technology products, especially anything Apple designs: curved contours on the hardware, with rounded corners and transitions throughout the software. Knowing that we prefer or respond more positively to contoured objects, Apple is ensuring we feel comfortable when using their products.
But this doesn't mean designers should make everything rounded, in fact, quite the opposite is true. Angular and pointy objects can be used to provoke thought and engage our attention — just think of traffic signs that intend to warn us: They've been deliberately designed as triangles.
It's worth pointing out that contour bias is certainly true for emotionally neutral objects (a website, a mobile phone or a car for example), but when an object carries emotion (like a sharp knife or rounded baby's face), that emotion tends to override the effect of contour bias.
As designers, the lessons we take from the idea of contour bias are to consider using contoured forms or shapes to make positive first impressions, and carry a friendly tone of voice. Conversely, we're able to recognise when it might be more appropriate to use angular and sharp shapes to attract attention to something and to provoke an instant response.
These ideas can be applied to the whole spectrum of design, whether graphic design, products design or architecture for example.
Sometimes it's just about making something feel right.
After 7 Months of Non-Stop Media Attacks Trump STILL has Higher Approval Rating than Hillary Clinton
More bad news for Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton is launching a book on the memoir of her experience as the Democratic Party's nominee for president.
In November 2016 Hillary got shellacked by Donald Trump in the US election by 77 electoral votes – 304 to 227.
As Hillary Clinton readies herself for her much hyped book tour a new poll may dampen her enthusiasm.
Just 30% of Americans approve of Hillary Clinton today.
As Hillary Clinton launches her book tour, NBC/WSJ poll shows her with her worst positive image rating ever: Just 30% — Aaron Blake (@AaronBlake) September 6, 2017
After seven months of non-stop media attacks President Trump is still leading Hillary Clinton — by 10 points!
President Trump holds a 40% approval rating in an average of left-leaning polls.
“I don't remember things,” Henry explained to the unfamiliar female interviewer. She seemed very curious about how he spends a typical day, and about what he had eaten for breakfast, but his efforts to summon the information from his mind were fruitless. He could easily answer her questions regarding his childhood and early adult years, but the indefinite expanse of time since then was bereft of memories. In fact, from moment to moment Henry feels almost as though he has just awakened from a deep sleep, with the fleeting remnants of a dream always just beyond his grasp. Each experience, dull or dramatic, evaporates from his memory within a few dozen heartbeats and leaves no trace.
For over fifty years Henry has lived with anterograde amnesia, a form of profound memory loss which prevents new events from reaching his long-term memory. As a result his only memories are those he possessed prior to his amnesia, and the small window of moments immediately preceding the present.
The amnesia frequently depicted in fiction is a very rare retrograde variety known as dissociative fugue, where one's identity and all memories prior to the pivotal event are compromised. In contrast, anterograde amnesia does not deprive the sufferer of their identity, their past, or their skills; it merely prevents new memories from forming. As a consequence one's final memories are frozen in perpetuity, often accompanied by a constant sensation that one has just awoken from an “unconscious” state which filled the intervening time.
Henry's handicap is the unintended result of experimental brain surgery performed in 1953. In his late teens the highly intelligent student began to experience frequent grand mal seizures, characterized by loss of consciousness, muscle spasms, and rigidity. The frequency of these epileptic events increased to the point that he was stricken with spontaneous episodes of unconsciousness every few minutes. After exploring every other avenue known to contemporary medicine, Dr. William Scoville administered a radical resection of the man's medial temporal lobes in a desperate bid to reclaim some quality of life for young Henry. In that respect the experimental operation was a success— the patient's severe seizures were reduced dramatically after the operation— however the surgeon was distressed to discover that the removal of the hippocampi had stripped Henry of his ability to form new memories.
H.M. in situ MRI scans in the coronal plane
The development seriously hindered Henry from pursuing a normal life, but due to his condition he quickly became the world's most famous subject in the study of the human brain. His real identity is a closely kept secret to this day, and he is referred to in medical literature by only his initials, “H.M.” However unfortunate, H.M.'s handicap helped to propel memory research beyond the realm of the philosophical for the first time in history. Earlier efforts to explore memory had been limited to animal studies, where scientists deliberately damaged various regions of lab animals' brains to monitor any loss of memory functions. Such experiments were not only unpleasant for the animals, but frustratingly inconclusive for the researchers.
H.M. has been described as a friendly and articulate man with a higher-than-average IQ, sporting a charming personality in spite of his condition. Now in his early eighties, he still vividly recalls events from his childhood such as the stock market crash of 1929, but he is stricken with renewed grief every time he learns of his mother's death. The grief is short-lived, however, as the substance of the news soon slips from the feeble grasp of his “working memory.” In an interview with researchers, he described the sensation:
“Right now, I'm wondering, have I done or said anything amiss? You see, at this moment everything looks clear to me, but what happened just before? That's what worries me. It's like waking from a dream. I just don't remember.”
Like most anterograde amnesiacs, Henry experienced a degree of retrograde amnesia as well, blurring the details of the months leading up to the fateful operation.
Similar cases of anterograde amnesia have appeared over the years, often caused by Korsakoff's Syndrome, a thiamine (vitamin B1) deficiency brought on by chronic alcoholism, malnutrition, eating disorders, or poisoning. This strongly suggests that thiamine is necessary to maintain the memory-writing features of the brain. Some abnormal viral infections can also produce the affliction, as is the case with a famed music expert named Clive Wearing. His ability to store memories was destroyed by a rogue infection of the herpes simplex 1 virus which attacked his brain's hippocampus rather than triggering the typical cold sores. Other known causes include brain tumors, oxygen deprivation, and dementia-related diseases such as Alzheimer's. In each instance it is found that the hippocampi have been compromised, indicating that these small structures are vital in laying down long-term memories. The hippocampus does not seem to play a role in recollection, however, since existing memories remain accessible.
Though anterograde amnesiacs are blocked from storing new information, researchers were astonished to discover that subjects are nonetheless capable of mastering new and complex tasks over time. Subjects who repeatedly practice skills such as backwards writing or guitar-playing can demonstrate measurable improvement, though in each instance the subject believes that he or she is attempting the task for the first time. This insight cast serious doubt upon the long-held belief that all memory is stored in a common mental reservoir. It also demonstrated that procedural memory— the “how to” memory of motor skills— is not governed by the exact same circuitry as episodic memory (autobiographical events) and semantic memory (general knowledge and facts). Additionally, some patients have experienced the Tetris Effect hours or days after playing the game during experiments; they describe vivid dreams of falling Tetris shapes though they possess no conscious memory of the game's existence.
A diagram of one of Henry M's living spaces, and his depiction of it three years after moving out.
A neuroscientist named Suzanne Corkin has been following Henry's M.'s progress for about forty-three years, but each time she introduces herself he greets her as though he is meeting her for the first time. One one occasion, however, a nurse mentioned to Henry that “Dr. Corkin” had been asking about him, and he responded by asking, “Suzanne?” Though he could not say who she was, he had somehow managed to associate her first and last name.
Over the years a modest amount of semantic information has actually managed to seep into Henry's long-term memory, suggesting that his brain may be struggling to find alternate pathways with sporadic success. He knows that a president named John Kennedy was assassinated in 1963, and he can draw a roughly accurate diagram of a home where he lived for a few years following his surgery. Henry seems untroubled by the elderly face which stares back at him from the mirror, suggesting that he is unsurprised by the notion that decades that have passed since his life-changing operation. When asked what he thought about how he looked, he responded matter-of-factly, “I'm not a boy.” He also seems to have learned that his memory is broken and that scientists are studying him to discover more about the human mind. Once, when asked whether he is happy, Henry responded “Yes” without hesitation. He followed with, “the way I figure it is, what they find out about me helps them to help other people.”
Small talk with H.M. tends to be a bit repetitive, but occasionally revealing. During a visit to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to conduct memory tests, Dr. Corkin asked Henry if he knew where he was as they strolled down a nondescript corridor. “Why of course,” he replied with a grin, “I'm at MIT!”
Taken aback, Dr. Corkin asked, “How do you know that?”
Laughing, Henry pointed at a nearby student wearing an MIT sweater. “Got you that time!”
Not only did the event demonstrate his intact sense of humor, but it showed that his powers of deduction are unhindered by his memory malady. On another occasion Henry was asked what he does to try to remember things. “Well,” he replied with a chuckle, “That I don't know 'cause I don't remember what I tried.”
H.M. undergoing testing at MIT
In a rare example of scientific correctness in Hollywood, the reality of anterograde amnesia was depicted with reasonable accuracy in the 2001 film Memento. The filmmakers applied the concept of reverse chronology to mimic the effects of the condition, allowing viewers to share in the protagonist's confusion regarding prior events.
Owing to his unfortunate ailment Henry M. will never be able to understand the inestimable gift he has given to the field of neurology. The amnesic octogenarian presently resides in a Connecticut nursing home, where even today he continues to help researchers to coax secrets from the human mind. Furthermore, Henry's lifelong contribution to science will not cease upon his death; he and his court-appointed guardian have agreed to donate his brain to science so that neurologists may one day examine the offending lesions in detail.
Though science still possesses a poor understanding of memory's machinations, Henry and other sufferers of anterograde amnesia have provided a considerable number of indispensable clues. Their unwitting contributions will not be soon forgotten.
Update 02 December 2008, in memoriam: Sadly, the infamous and mysterious “H.M.” has passed on. R.I.P., Henry Gustav Molaison. This article has been updated with subsequently released photos of Henry.
Cash rate closer to what healthcare would actually cost if insurance didn't exist
True free-market healthcare: the answer to outrageous pricing schemes
(NaturalNews) Shellshocked by those astronomical Obamacare premiums? You might want to consider just ditching the failed health insurance "tax" altogether and paying cash for medical services on an as-needed basis because, truth be told, you'll end up shelling out far less money in the long run.This was the recent experience of a California woman named Caroline who, after receiving a hefty bill for a few simple blood tests, petitioned the hospital where the blood was drawn for answers. What she came to learn is that there's essentially two pricing tiers for medical services: the insurance rate and the cash rate.Accustomed to just having her medical treatments billed to her insurance carrier, Blue Shield of California, Caroline was shocked to learn that the $269.42 she was responsible for paying out of pocket for the five blood tests she received -- this out of $408 total, the rest of which was covered by her insurance -- was nearlythan the total cost would have been if she had just paid in cash, insurance aside.So instead of the blood tests costing about $80 each at the insurance rate, they would have cost only about $15 dollars each, or aboutthe cost, at the cash rate -- a substantial savings."I was completely surprised," she told the. "The woman I spoke with in billing said that if I'd paid cash, the prices would have been much lower."This is especially true for common procedures like blood tests and imaging scans that are now widely available at a variety of medical clinics -- everything from large hospitals to local clinics, and in some cases even pharmacies and drop-in "minute" clinics.You can think of it as the "uninsured" rate, or the amount that such services would actually cost in the real world if we didn't have complex insurance pools, government-subsidized coverage plans, and other inherently wasteful programs that breed price-gouging.And Obamacare is only making matters worse by spiking many people's monthly premiums so dramatically that they're essentially being forced to seek out the lower cash rate. Some people are even ditching their plans entirely and just paying out of pocket rather than try to reach their ever-escalating deductible thresholds -- it's actually cheaper not to use one's government-mandated health insurance , in many cases!"This is one of the dirty little secrets of healthcare," Gerald Kominski, director of the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research, explained to the. "If your insurance has a high deductible, you should always ask for the cash price."The rationale seems to be that if an insurance company or the government is footing all or most of the bill anyway, then hospitals can charge whatever it wants for medical services. All of these gets thrown on its head, though, when real-life people are having to cover these costs directly."This just shows how screwed up the whole pricing system is," Glenn Melnick, a health economist at the University of Southern California (USC), added, making the case for a true, free-market healthcare system. "It absolutely makes sense to shop around for healthcare like you shop for everything else."In an ideal world, insurance companies would negotiate with hospitals and medical providers to get the best possible rates for policyholders. But so much has changed in recent years, especially with the government getting more involved in controlling the destiny of healthcare, that the gap between what medical services actually cost versus what patients are being asked to pay has only widened."Insurers aren't getting the best prices anymore," says Melnick. "Hospitals often charge whatever they want and have tremendous power over insurance plans."
Think of the AVS as an unofficial hardware refresh for the original Nintendo Entertainment System. It plays the same games and even uses the original controllers, but everything else is brand-new. Instead of pushing a fuzzy, ugly picture through ancient composite cables, it pipes a crisp, high-definition signal over HDMI. In lieu of a cumbersome AC adapter, the AVS uses a humble USB cable -- and can be powered solely by the media port on your HDTV. And, unlike the RetroN 5 or Analogue NT, the AVS is all new hardware: a custom FPGA board programmed to replicate the NES' original processor. No emulators. No repurposed hardware.
OK, that might sound like splitting hairs. After all, don't all three of these consoles pipe HD NES games to modern televisions via HDMI? Well, yes -- but how they do it varies wildly. The RetroN 5, for instance, is actually a $160 Android device that runs cartridges through an emulator. It's also widely derided in the gaming community for allegedly stealing code. The Analogue NT is completely legit, and actually uses repurposed Famicom chips to run the games on a mix of old and new hardware -- but it's also a premium device, costing a steep $500. The AVS is something of a happy medium: It's not made from original parts, but it authentically replicates their functionality without legal ambiguity. At $185, the RetroUSB AVS is comparatively affordable too.
Nostalgia by design
The RetroUSB AVS' trapezoidal chassis is nothing short of a love letter to the NES' iconic design. Obviously, the monochromatic color scheme is a nod to the black and gray tones of the original's case, but it's the little things that make this homage truly delightful. This includes the shape of the lid that covers the console's cartridge slot, and "power" and "reset" buttons that look and feel identical to their 1980s inspiration -- but the most wonderful (and pointless) details can be seen only when you turn the console over.
Here you can see three trenches leading up to an empty recessed square that represents the original NES' unused expansion slot, vent placement that mirrors the layout of the original console, and foot pads that look identical to the rubber nubs on my childhood console. All of these design nods are completely unnecessary, and on a part of the device most users will never even bother to look at. Clearly, the designers love the original Nintendo. It shows.
As much as I love how weirdly accurate the AVS' retro design is, it might be nostalgic to a fault. That cover over the console's cartridge slot does look exactly like the old NES chamber lid, but it's a lot longer too. It feels like a compromise, designed to ensure that users can more easily insert and remove games -- but opening and closing it feels awkward. I'm constantly worried it'll bend too far and snap off. With front-loading US region games, it at least feels secure when the lid is closed, but Japanese region Famicom titles use a separate top-loading cartridge slot that forces the door to stay open. It looks weird, and it makes me nervous.
Speaking of games, loading them can be a bit tricky. US titles slide in horizontally, just like on the original, but I never managed to seat a cartridge into the connector on the first try. Wiggling them back and forth a little usually did the job. The connector also holds on to games tightly -- removing them was just as much an exercise in wiggling as putting them in. It's not a deal-breaker, but I do wish changing games were a little easier.
Finally, it's worth noting that the AVS features four controller ports and a Famicom expansion slot -- which enables compatibility for the rare four-player NES game (they do exist!) and for extra controllers compatible with the original Japanese Famicom.
Practically pixel perfect
Playing NES games on the RetroUSB's console is like putting on prescription glasses for the first time: It brings a blurry, indistinguishable mess of light and color into focus. OK, the original NES isn't that bad, but the difference between composite cables and 720p over HDMI is startling. Did you know that Mega Man's sprite actually has white behind its eyes? I didn't. It always blended in with the character's pale skin tone. Backgrounds that were once a blurry haze of color now appear as distinct patterns; characters and stages are flush with "new" details and brighter colors. It's a surreal experience: I've been playing these games for 30 years, but now it seems like I've never really "seen" them before.
I know what you're thinking: Can't I already play NES games in HD through the Nintendo Wii U's Virtual Console? You can, but they'll look worse. For some reason, the Wii U's VC implementation presents classic games in dull, muted colors with a side of blur. I tested Punch-Out!!!, Dr. Mario and a couple of Mega Man games side by side, and the Wii U versions looked worse by every measure. The games are no less fun on the official hardware, but they lack pop and polish compared with how my old cartridges look on the RetroUSB AVS. Here, the AVS does better than even Hyperkin's RetroN 5 -- which looks much sharper than the Virtual Console but tends to have overblown, inaccurate colors.
Best of all, every classic game I own ran perfectly on the AVS -- and that's not something I can say about every NES clone console I've come across. Most of these products use NES-on-a-chip solutions that either gets audio wrong or simply won't play certain games. Paperboy, for instance, isn't playable on either the Retro Duo or the FC Twin, and both consoles play off-key audio in specific games. Not so with the RetroUSB AVS: Everything I played looked and sounded exactly as it was supposed to. It even got the glitches right, faithfully reproducing minor visual hiccups in Mega Man 3 and Super Mario Bros. 3 that were present on the original hardware.
Of all the devices that play NES games in my house, the RetroUSB AVS is the most accurate, hands down -- but that doesn't mean it's perfect. When compared directly with my childhood NES, it's clear that the AVS color palette is just a bit brighter. It's not overblown or washed out like the colors on the RetroN 5, but it does come across as a bit richer than the original hardware. I noticed it most in Castlevania and Mega Man 3. On the AVS, the bricks of Dracula's castle have more red in them, and Mega Man's helmet appears to be a darker shade of blue.
When I asked RetroUSB's Brian Parker about the difference, he chalked it up to differences in televisions. "NTSC," he joked. "Never The Same Color." I'm probably just seeing the difference between a clear digital signal and the fuzzy output of the old console's composite cables. Even if the colors are wrong, Parker says it's just part of the console's NES/RGB lookup table. "Easily changed with a firmware update," he says. The AVS also outputs only in 720p, but considering it still looks better than the RetroN 5 and Wii U at 1080p, it's a flaw I'm happy to overlook.
Extra features
If you're looking for a console to imbue your classic games with fancy graphics filters, instant-save-state features and other bells and whistles, look elsewhere: The AVS keeps things pretty simple. Beyond simply playing classic games in crisp, high definition, this console doesn't do much. In terms of visual options, the AVS allows users to switch between NTSC and PAL modes, adjust the screen margins (to hide overscan garbage in specific games) and adjust scanline darkness. The console's controller menu allows you to turn on some basic turbo features and see how many gamepads are connected, but that's about it.
At the end of the day, there are only two special features that the AVS adds to the vanilla NES experience: built-in cheat codes and an integrated scoreboard. The first is self-explanatory: The AVS automatically recognizes the game in its slot and offers players a short list of the most popular Game Genie codes. The second takes a little more legwork; if the AVS is being powered by a PC or Mac's USB port, users can download companion software that will keep track of their in-game score while they play and allow them to upload it to an online leaderboard.
Unfortunately, the AVS itself doesn't make this process clear, presenting users with only a menu that fails to connect to an amorphous server. There are no setup instructions for the scoreboard in the console's menu or the manuals that came in the box, or even on the product's website -- I had to ask Parker via email. Still, it's a neat feature if you can get it up and running.
Finally, RetroUSB offers one special feature that no competitor can boast: new NES games. The company has kind of made a name for itself in manufacturing new cartridges for homebrew developers, and it's neat to see that business cross over here to create a series of "launch titles" that work on both the AVS and the Nintendo's original hardware. I tried Twelve Seconds, a simple jumping game that challenges you to race to the top of the screen as fast as possible. None of the $45 launch titles seem particularly complex, but there's definitely a thrill to playing a new NES game after all these years.
Wrap-up
For me, the AVS is the ideal replacement for my original hardware -- it plays my cartridge collection perfectly, with better visuals than the original -- but it's not for everybody. Gamers who need modern conveniences like save states and graphic filters will probably rather have a RetroN 5. Folks seeking a nostalgic experience, but who don't already own a library of classic games will probably be happier with the 30 built-in games that come with Nintendo's NES Classic. Even hardcore collectors who demand that their games run on original hardware have other options in the expensive Analogue NT or a Hi-Def-NES mod.
If you have a classic game collection, however, and you don't care for the prestige of original hardware or the allure of added bells and whistles, check out the RetroUSB AVS. It's probably the best modernized NES experience you can get for under $200.
Resident Evil 7: biohazard [Gold Edition] (Multi-Language)
Capcom
Compatible with PlayStation 4™ (PS4™) Works on all systems sold worldwide, a correct regional account may be required for online features. 24h In stock, usually ships within 24hrs .
US$ 35.99
Limited time offer - Secure yours now before the offer expires!
Our previous price: US$ 37.99
You save: US$ 2.00 (5%)
Our previous price:You save:2.00 (5%) Manufacturer Capcom Compatible With PlayStation 4™ (PS4™) Version Works on all systems sold worldwide, a correct regional account may be required for online features. Works on all systems sold worldwide, a correct regional account may be required for online features. 24h In stock, usually ships within 24hrs Price US$ 35.99 add to cart or save for later
Play-Asia.com Return & Refund Policy
Resident Evil 7: biohazard [Gold Edition] (Multi-Language)
Click on a thumbnail to see more pictures for
features Opening the doors to a new era of horror – The next major entry in the renowned Resident Evil series makes a dramatic new shift as it comes to next generation consoles, Windows PC and PlayStation VR
Returning to the series' roots - Resident Evil 7 biohazard will deliver an experience reminiscent of the series' signature gameplay including exploration, puzzles and a realistic tense atmosphere for players to encounter but will offer a complete refresh of the gameplay systems to propel the survival horror experience to the next level
Immersive, visceral horror – A new shift for the series to first person view brings the terrifying horror directly up close and personal
Built from the ground up on the RE Engine – Capcom's brand-new VR compatible development engine works in tandem with industry leading audio and visual technologies to create a disturbingly photorealistic experience for an unprecedented level of immersion
description Resident Evil 7 biohazard sets a new course for the Resident Evil series as it leverages its roots and opens the door to a truly terrifying horror experience. The new era of horror.
Set within a sinister plantation mansion in modern-day rural America and taking place after the dramatic events of Resident Evil 6, players experience the terror directly from the first-person perspective for the first time in the Resident Evil series. Embodying the iconic gameplay elements of exploration and tense atmosphere that first coined “survival horror” some twenty years ago, Resident Evil 7 biohazard delivers a disturbingly realistic experience that will define the next era in horror entertainment.
*Video game censorship depends on the country.
Resident Evil 7: biohazard [Gold Edition] includes:
- Resident Evil 7 biohazard base game
- DLC "Banned Footage Vol.1 & Vol.2"
- DLC "End of Zoe"
Limited Premium DLC - Survival Pack: Handgun Set and Chem Fluid Set
*While supplies last.
further info Original Name 惡靈古堡 7：生化危機 黃金版 (多國語言版) Official Release Date Dec 13, 2017 Language English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Japanese Subtitles English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, Korean, Arabic Genre Action Adventure Version Asia PAX-Code PAX0009165244 Catalog No. PLAS-10083 Item Code 4897077990299 Players 1
Steampunk is rapidly becoming one of my favorite genres -- despite the limited-sounding description of the genre (science fiction that incorporates technology and aesthetics from an antiquated era, such as Victorian England or the Wild West of the US), it's one that's ripe for exploration and experimentation. I've found some wonderful favorite series in the genre, such as Cherie Priest's "Clockwork Century" and Gail Carriger's "Parasol Protectorate" and "Finishing School" series. But sadly, it can also be something of a "hack" genre, where someone falls back on the steampunk trappings to interest the reader and ends up neglecting important things such as plot and characters.
Joseph Lallo's "Free-Wrench," to my delight, doesn't fall into this trap. Not only does he give us a well-done heroine and a slew of fun side characters, but his setting, while still steampunk in nature, is unique and fascinating.
"Free-Wrench" follows the titular free-wrench mechanic -- Nita, who is the oddball of her family for being an engineer and mechanically-minded sort instead of an artist... and in the land of Caldera, which prizes art and beauty above all else, she's entirely out of place. Caldera has long isolated itself from the rest of the world, which is blanketed in a toxic cloud called "fug" and is said to be full of barbarians and pirates. But when Nita's mother falls ill, it seems only a cure from beyond Caldera can help her, and so she throws in her lot with a surly airship captain and his eclectic crew. To survive in this strange new world, Nita must learn to live by a whole new set of rules and gain the trust of the ship's crew... but when she discovers just who is pulling the strings in the world beyond Caldera, she decides to take matters into her own hands...
Most steampunk takes place in Victorian England or, less commonly, the frontier days of American history. It's a treat to find a steampunk novel set in an original location, one that nonetheless follows a set logic and makes sense. Creating a new setting is all well and good, but even the most whimsical and fantastic settings need to follow some sort of internal logic, and thankfully Joseph Lallo's world of the fug is well-constructed and compelling. I hope to see it explored further in future books, as the glimpses we got here were tantalizing.
I especially liked the heroine, Nita. She's a determined soul with her own strengths and weaknesses, and with the drive to set out to solve a problem herself instead of relying on another to do it for her. And while there were times I wanted to slap the character upside the head when she did something stupid, I actually liked that -- no one is perfect, and a character that never makes mistakes is boring. And it's nice to see a heroine actually see real consequences for breaking the rules, instead of getting off scot-free. The minor characters are a fun bunch as well, from the gruff captain to the brother-sister duo who help run the ship to the trigger-happy gunner. Even the ship's mascot, a creature named Wink, is more than just an animal and shows his own personality.
The book moves along at a steady clip, never lagging or feeling rushed. Action scenes are well-done and downright exciting, and while the prose can be fairly workmanlike, there are some good descriptions throughout as well. And one of the best things I appreciate about this book -- unlike a lot of Kindle freebies or first books in a series, it doesn't end on a cliffhanger. I hate it when the first book in a series ends without resolving anything, and I'm a firm believer in providing some sort of closure in a book, even if the main plot isn't resolved yet. "Free-Wrench" certainly leaves the door open for future adventures, but it can stand nicely on its own as well and doesn't force you to buy the next book to see how things end.
A delightful steampunk/science-fantasy novel from a promising author, "Free-Wrench" promises good things, with a well-constructed world and a likable main character. I'm keeping an eye on this series...
Veteran Matt Barnes speaks from experience when he says All-Star teammate DeMarcus Cousins must "try to be himself without jeopardizing himself or the team" for the Sacramento Kings to make the playoffs.
Barnes, who has racked up nearly $400,000 in fines from the NBA since 2011, said in an interview with ESPN-Tencent's Yuan Fang on Sunday night that the Kings have the right pieces to reach their potential. Sacramento sits in 10th place in the West and 1½ games out of the eighth and final postseason spot after beating the New Orleans Pelicans 105-99.
But he said they can't do it without Cousins hitting his full stride when the time comes.
"We're very similar," Barnes told ESPN-Tencent. "Obviously he's the superstar and I'm a role player. But I think we have similar reputations. You know me being young. And doing all the stuff he did, reputation-wise, I think I can give him advice sometimes."
Cousins, an All-Star for the third straight season, received a questionable technical foul late in the first quarter Sunday for his NBA-leading 17th of the season after what appeared to be incidental contact, with his arm striking Pelicans center Donatas Motiejunas in the face. One more technical and he will serve his second one-game suspension.
"He's got a tough rap -- the reputation he's earned," Barnes said. "Whether it's good or bad. We both have bad and that took me my whole career to change mine and it hasn't worked. He just has to be able to adjust within his reputation and still be himself. He has to keeps his head.
"It's hard. He gets beat up. He doesn't get calls, he gets bad calls against him," Barnes added. "But you know when you are one of the best players, a lot of responsibilities come with that. We need him to win."
Barnes currently faces misdemeanor assault charges pending in New York City after police said he was involved in an altercation at a bar in Chelsea. A related civil suit has been filed against Barnes and Cousins in a New York District Court.
Cousins was cleared of any wrongdoing and will not face charges following an NYPD investigation that concluded last week.
Cousins kept his cool Sunday when struck by Buddy Hield in the groin in the second quarter as the Pelicans guard was running around Cousins' screen, an incident for which the rookie was ejected.
"I can't be myself," Cousins said. "Me playing the way I play is what makes me the player I am. I'm trying to find a way to do what these guys are asking me to do. Obviously what I've been doing is not acceptable. It's not easy, but I'm trying to find a way."
Cousins, averaging 27.8 points and 10.7 rebounds this season, had 28 points, 14 rebounds and 7 assists for the Kings in the win over New Orleans. Barnes chipped in 12 points, 5 rebounds and 3 assists in 34 minutes off the bench.
"I think that we are the team with lots of potential," Barnes said. "We have to turn that potential into consistency. We have a lot of talent. We've got guys that have been hurt, guys are out. But you know, the guys have stepped in and been ready to play well."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
A few weeks ago I was sparked into a Twitter conversation with Larry Garfield (@Crell) about the value of comments in code. Really, Twitter is not the best place for that conversation, so I decided to write this post to illustrate my beliefs on commenting. Let's start this story with the tweet from Larry that set off the conversation:
Nothing drives home the need for good code comments like working on code that doesn't have them.
A pretty innocuous comment that is quite insightful. But that led me to respond with:
Nothing drives home the value of good, clean code by working on code that doesn't need comments.
That led to an interesting discussion that just couldn't fit on Twitter. So let me explain…
Let's start off by talking about a few different types of comments (yes, there are multiple types). When most people talk about comments, they are referring to anything within a comment block in code (ignored by the interpreter/compiler). That's not what I'm talking about. Let's break apart the different types of these comment blocks to indicate more of what I mean…
DocBlocks - These are the bits of documentation before a function, method or class. They usually document parameters, behavior and other non-code level information. The only code-level information that is usually present are those that the language is not capable of describing (for PHP, this can be scalar parameters, return types, what exceptions are thrown, etc).
Comments - These are bits of inline information within code used to provide additional information or clarity that the code is not capable of describing.
Legal Information - These are the blocks at the top of most open source files indicating the copyright of the file, what license it's under, etc.
What we're discussing here are comments. Realistically, there are two types of information that a comment (this definition) can provide:
What - What is the code doing. What is its purpose. What short-cuts were made. How does it fit in the larger picture. How does it work.
- What is the code doing. What is its purpose. What short-cuts were made. How does it fit in the larger picture. How does it work. Why - Why is the code written like this. Why does it look the way it does. Why didn't we do it another way. For example: this comment: $mask = ( int ) ( pow ( 2 , $bits ) - 1 ) ;
In other words, What comments describe the code itself at its abstraction level. Why comments describe the code above its abstraction level.## The Good, The Bad, The Ugly
A bad comment is infinitely worse than no comment. So what makes a bad comment? Well, it's actually pretty easy to discern. A bad comment talks about what the code is doing. Why is that bad? Well, it's simple. The code itself talks about what it's doing. So now you have two things that try to tell the same story. And often times, they will not agree 100%. When they don't agree, which one is correct? The code. Code never lies. Since it never lies, I ignore comments about the code, and just read the code. So if I have to ignore the comment to learn what the code is doing, it's a bad comment. Take for example:
function foo ( $bar , $baz ) { $result = array ( ) ; foreach ( $bar as $value ) { foreach ( $baz as $value ) { $result [ ] = $value ; } }
Now a lot of people will say that what if the code and the comments do agree 100%? Then it's ok, right? Well, no… As it turns out, for any non-trivial project with multiple developers, comments will get out of sync with the code it's intended to describe. Someone will come in and fix a bug and invalidate the comment without realizing it. It happens. And when it happens, the comment becomes useless.
So I have a rule that I follow almost religiously. I do not write What comments. If I find that my code is in need of a What comment to understand it, it's an indicator that my code needs refactoring. So I refactor to eliminate the need for the comment. Why? Because code is read way more than it's written. So taking the time to refactor and make it easier to read will pay huge dividends down the road for maintainability. Therefore, if What comments are needed, it's a sign that something else is wrong with your code…
Now, I'm a huge believer in Good Enough, so at some point you have to say it's ok as is. At that point, I look at the code and decide if a comment is needed, and if so, I put one in. But I use that comment as a last resort, not as a first rule.## Surely There Are Exceptions!
Of course there are exceptions. Here are just a few cases when What comments are completely justified:
When your code uses language edge-cases and relies upon behavior that's not well known. Such as this comment: } elseif ( $range > PHP_INT_MAX || is_float ( $range ) ) { throw new \ RangeException ( 'The supplied range is too great to generate' ) ; }
When you're interfacing with code you can't refactor (such as a 3pd library) that forces you to do odd behavior. Although in this case you may want to isolate that code to an Adapter pattern.
When you optimize a piece of code (at the right time).
When working on legacy code without them (adding them to help future developers)
Conclusion
Focus on writing clean code. Focus on commenting about Why your code does what it does. Only ever comment What as a last resort when all of your other options are exhausted. That's my take on it at least…
What are your thoughts? Follow up in a comment, on Twitter or in a blog post of your own!
Domestic cats (Felis silvestris catus) engage in a variety of relationships with humans and can be conditioned to engage in numerous behaviors using Pavlovian and operant methods Increasingly cat cognition research is providing evidence of their complex socio-cognitive and problem-solving abilities. Nonetheless, it is still common belief that cats are not especially sociable or trainable. This disconnect may be due, in part, to a lack of knowledge of what stimuli cat prefer, and thus may be most motivated to work for. The current study investigated domestic cat preferences at the individual and population level using a free operant preference assessment. Adult cats from two populations (pet and shelter) were presented with three stimuli within each of the following four categories: human social interaction, food, toy, and scent. Proportion of time interacting with each stimulus was recorded. The single most-preferred stimulus from each of the four categories were simultaneously presented in a final session to determine each cat's most-preferred stimulus overall. Although there was clear individual variability in cat preference, social interaction with humans was the most-preferred stimulus category for the majority of cats, followed by food. This was true for cats in both the pet and shelter population. Future research can examine the use of preferred stimuli as enrichment in applied settings and assess individual cats' motivation to work for their most-preferred stimulus as a measure of reinforcer efficacy.
BILL O'REILLY: One of the big dividers in American society is race, not bigotry so much. Almost all sane Americans accept and understand bigotry is wrong. As the Declaration says, all men are created equal and should be treated equally by their fellow citizens and government.
The problem with race is how it is used in policy. Racial politics has created the grievance industry, where some minority people and their white enablers believe they should be compensated for historical abuses. Some Americans also believe they should get money, direct payments or subsidies. Reparations, it is called. There are others who say because of slavery and the forced removal of Native Americans from their land that they cannot compete in today's marketplace. Therefore, they want stuff. That is the white privilege movement. That is especially troubling because it is being pushed primarily by white liberals who feel guilty that some minorities are not succeeding in America. Therefore they believe those minorities are victims who cannot compete and must be treated as children and granted blanket dispensations for irresponsible behavior.
All of the above is corrosive to minorities and to American society in general.
Enter the Ebola controversy. It's now been established that three black nations in Africa -- Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia -- are ground zero for the spread of the deadly disease. Fourteen other African nations have banned West Africans in the Ebola zone from entering their countries, and 14 other nations have other travel restrictions. But when Talking Points and others suggest the USA do the same thing, we are attacked as racist by pathetic ideological loons who could not care less about protecting the folks.
This is a public health issue, a safety issue, not a racial issue. Ebola knows no color. But the fact is that a Liberian national, Thomas Duncan, started the Ebola mess in America by lying to immigration authorities. Mr. Duncan paid for that with his life, and his case has embarrassed American health officials. So today President Obama appointed a political guy, Ron Klain, to be his "Ebola czar."
PRESIDENT OBAMA: It may make sense for us to have one person, in part, just so that after this initial surge of activity, we can have a more regular process just to make sure that we're crossing all the t's and dotting all the i's going forward.
O'REILLY: The appointment of Mr. Klain, former chief of staff to Vice President Biden, will take the pressure off the besieged Dr. Thomas Frieden, head of the CDC, who has mucked things up big time. But a core issue remains: Will President Obama protect the American people by stopping travelers from the Ebola epidemic area?
OBAMA: I don't have a philosophical objection, necessarily, to a travel ban if that is the thing that is going to keep the American people safe. The problem is is that in all the discussions I've had thus far with experts in the field, experts in infectious disease, is that a travel ban is less effective than the measures that we are currently instituting.
O'REILLY: It doesn't matter, Mr. President. You do everything you can to protect Americans. This is not a comparative situation. You do it all. Talking Points predicts if there is one more, one more Ebola case in the USA, a travel ban will have to be imposed.
Kathleen Riley knows her beliefs on the male-only priesthood and contraception put her at odds with leaders of her church. But as a fifth-generation Catholic who went to a Catholic school and grew up to teach in one, Riley feels the faith deeply woven through her. So when her Arlington parish asked for volunteers last summer to teach Sunday school, she felt called by the Holy Spirit to say yes.
A year later, the 52-year-old computer scientist feels the same spirit calling her to say no.
Last month, Riley joined at least four other Sunday school teachers and resigned from her post at St. Ann's parish after a letter arrived at her home requiring her — and all teachers in the Arlington Catholic Diocese — to submit “of will and intellect” to all of the teachings of church leaders.
Although the St. Ann's teachers represent a tiny fraction of the diocese's 5,000 Sunday and parochial school teachers, the letter went out to parishes just as classes were finishing for the summer and diocese officials says they do not know how many teachers have received it.
The Arlington Diocese, which includes nearly a half-million Catholics across northern and eastern Virginia, is one of a small but growing number that are starting to demand fidelity oaths. The oaths reflect a churchwide push in recent years to revive orthodoxy that has sharply divided Catholics.
Such oaths are not new for priests or nuns but extend now in some places to people like volunteer Sunday school teachers as well as workers at Catholic hospitals and parish offices.
One in Baker, Ore., reiterates the sinfulness of abortion and says, “I do not recognize the legitimacy of anyone's claim to a moral right to form their own conscience in this matter.” One in Oakland, Calif., requires leaders of a group doing outreach to gay and lesbian Catholics to say they “affirm and believe” official church teaching on marriage, hell and chastity.
The Arlington “profession of faith” asks teachers to commit to “believe everything” the bishops characterize as divinely revealed, and Arlington's top doctrine official said it would include things like the bishops' recent campaign against a White House mandate that most employers offer contraception coverage. Critics consider the mandate a violation of religious freedom.
The Arlington Diocese is considered among the most conservative in the country and was the next to last in the nation to say girls could serve at the altar. Teachers must give the new oath in front of a priest.
“The church is foremost a communion, not a building,” said the Rev. Paul deLadurantaye, Arlington's head of education and liturgy. “And the church's teaching is meant to be a service, not to coerce or oppress. . . . This is just to say the church is a reliable guide, more reliable in these matters than what I read elsewhere. There's something more transcendent than just my own judgment.”
Diocesan spokesman Michael Donohue said the letter was sent to parishes this spring in response to Pope Benedict XVI's direction that churches worldwide celebrate this year's 50th anniversary of the start of Vatican II in various ways, including those that “profess our faith in the risen Lord.”
He said the oath is meant to be a positive sign to parents and called it uncontroversial.
“I can't imagine there are many [teachers] who have issues with the church's teachings on faith and morals,” Donohue said. Asked about polls showing that the majority of American Catholics use artificial contraception, forbidden by church doctrine, he said he “found it hard to believe” that anyone who had concluded that a church teaching was wrong would want to teach it.
But for some, particularly more liberal Catholics, the oaths are an alarming effort to stamp out debate in the church at a time when it is bleeding members and clergy in the West. They note that church leaders' views have changed over the centuries on various subjects, including contraception.
“I'm just shocked, I can't believe they're asking me to sign this,” said Riley, who said she may keep her own children out of the parish education program in the fall. “The bishops are human, and sometimes their judgment is not God's judgment. We always have to be vigilant about that. The Holy Spirit gives us the responsibility to look into our own consciences.”
The pastor and director of religious education at St. Ann's parish did not return requests for comment, but Riley and others said about 20 teachers attended a meeting last week that the pastor held for people with questions about the new oath.
Riley and others said St. Ann's is considered a community that deliberately doesn't focus on such hot-button issues as abortion and same-sex relationships on which Catholics, like Americans generally, are divided.
“It's an oasis of humanity,” said Rosemarie Zagarri, a history professor at George Mason University who also resigned last month from teaching at St. Ann's.
Zagarri said the oath was a “slap in the face” to Catholics who have remained active and close to the church despite controversies.
“Although I fully understand the authoritative role of the Catholic hierarchy in defining the teachings of the faith, in my view only a person who is willing to abandon her own reason and judgment, or who is willing to go against the dictates of her own conscience, can agree to sign such a document,” she wrote to Arlington Bishop Paul Loverde.
“This is not in the spirit of what people go to a Catholic church for, which is community and a loving, welcoming environment. It's exclusionary, a suppression of dissent, let's all line up and be the army of God,” Zagarri said in an interview for this article.
To others, the oaths are an inspiring correction after a period when they think Catholic teaching has been watered down.
“The bishops have been appointed by the pope to let us know: This is the path you should be following,” said Kerri Polce, 31, who teaches at the Cathedral of St. Thomas More in Arlington and says she has no problems signing the oath. “If you're struggling with something, fine, don't teach.”
Loverde, who called for the oath, was not available for comment. Catholic bishops have broad authority in their dioceses, and the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops said there is no churchwide requirement for such oaths.
Some experts said the oath embodies the intense struggle in Catholicism today to define what makes someone a true follower. What teachings are core? What authority do laypeople have?
The Rev. Ronald Nuzzi, who heads the leadership program for Catholic educators at the University of Notre Dame, said many bishops “are in a pickle.” They want Catholic institutions to be staffed by people who not only teach what the church teaches but whose “whole life will bear witness.”
Nuzzi said he keeps a photo on his desk from the 1940s that shows all the German bishops in their garb, doing the Nazi salute.
“I keep it there to remind people who say to do everything the church says, that their wisdom has limitations, too.”
Pick up PEOPLE's special issue, Star Wars: The Secrets of Rogue One, on newsstands now — including a special Star Wars virtual-reality bonus with goggles included! (Or click here to order now.) And watch People Special: Star Wars Rogue One on the new People/Entertainment Weekly Network (PEN). Go to PEOPLE.com/PEN, or download the PEN app on Apple TV, Roku Players, Amazon Fire TV, Xumo, Chromecast, iOS and Android devices.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
When Ben Mendelsohn was cast in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, it was nothing short of a dream come true for the lifelong fan — then they asked him to play the villain.
“That was one of the most memorable employment interactions of my life,” he says in PEOPLE's Stars Wars: The Secrets of Rogue One special issue. “I was really honored when they told me I was playing Orson Krennic. I was blown away. It took quite a while to really sort of sink in.”
But even with an Emmy under his belt for his acclaimed performance in Bloodline, the 47-year-old actor still admits that his nerves really kicked in when he first walked on set.
Jonathan Olley/Lucasfilm
“You realize you're in Star Wars. You're in the ship, and there are stormtroopers and Imperial officers around you,” he says. “It's absolutely an intimidating thing to approach — you want to do that world justice.”
Krennic is an ambitious Imperial leader who intends to use his command of the Death Troopers to take down the rebel uprising. He thrives on military power: “Krennic is a true believer in the Empire. There'd be an argument to say that he believes in it more than Darth Vader does.”
But while Krennic may be bad, Mendelsohn says Rogue One‘s villain is no Darth Vader.
“If Vader and Krennic were to go toe-to-toe, I don't think there's any surprise for who is [winning] that one,” he says. “Darth Vader is such an awesome presence. It's really flattering just to be in the same category as him.”
Check out PEOPLE's Stars Wars: The Secrets of Rogue One, on newsstands now and featuring a virtual-reality bonus including goggles (here's how to assemble them!). To watch the full experience and explore more exclusive virtual reality content, download the LIFE VR app for iOS and Android or visit time.com/lifevr.
If you don't have goggles, check out the 360° video above, explorable by clicking and dragging your mouse across the screen. You'll visit the Rogue One set and go behind the scenes of a battle between rebels and stormtroopers — a stunning interactive experience available exclusively from PEOPLE. Then get goggles and experience it in virtual reality!
Rogue One hits theaters Dec. 16.
IMSLP, the largest public domain music library on the Internet, has just suffered a damaging attack on the site's infrastructure. In a wrongful action over a single 90 year-old classical piece by Rachmaninoff, the UK's Music Publishers Association convinced registrar GoDaddy to seize IMSLP's domain name, which took the site completely offline.
While most readers will be very familiar with the commercialized mainstream pop sounds of the last 10 to 20 years, spare a moment's thought for the deep history of our modern music. Without the great composers of the last few hundred years – Mozart, Beethoven, Bach to name just three – our soundscape today might be very different.
A group of people who are completely immersed in this history and absolutely determined to preserve it, are the International Music Score Library Project (IMSLP) who slavishly index public domain scores.
“Started more than five years ago in 2006, IMSLP has grown to include more than 90,000 scores from more than 5,000 composers,” administrator Edward told TorrentFreak.
Indeed, IMSLP's coverage is extensive, spanning just about every composer one can think of. But one piece from their archives has just caused them a huge amount of inconvenience.
IMSLP's listing of Rachmaninoff's Bells, which was created in 1920 by a Russian and is public domain both in Canada and the USA, was spotted thousands of miles away by the UK's Music Publishers Association (MPA).
Feeling they had some authority over the piece, MPA issued a DMCA takedown notice, not to the IMSLP site, but to their domain registrar, GoDaddy.
“We understand that Godaddy are the sponsoring registrar for the website http://www.IMSLP.ORG which makes available unlicensed copyright protected sheet music notation which is an infringement of copyright. By assisting this website, Godaddy are liable to pay damages for secondary copyright infringement once notice of the infringement has been given,” said the MPA's Jake Kirner in the DMCA notice.
Without a second look at the issue, elephant gun wielding GoDaddy complied, seizing control of IMSLP's domain name and taking them completely offline. Needless to say IMSLP were furious noting that the MPA's assertion – that Rachmaninoff's The Bells is protected under copyright in the US – “is nothing less than a bald-faced lie.”
IMSLP then when on to publish the MPA's DMCA takedown notice in full on their website, which solicited demands from the MPA to have it removed. IMSLP refused.
“Seriously, you can't expect to take down a major website, with a bogus DMCA takedown notice, and then try and hide the evidence. Can you see that? It makes you look ridiculous,” they wrote.
Then, just a few hours ago and following a threat by IMSLP that they could sue, MPA suddenly withdrew their complaint from GoDaddy.
Despite describing the original complaint as “underhanded” and “bogus”, IMSLP still managed to be gentlemen about the issue, and offered a “sincere thanks” to the MPA for their retraction.
“While IMSLP encourages open discussion of copyright issues, we have zero tolerance for underhanded tactics. To MPA's credit, they have voluntarily retracted their claim. IMSLP will also be working on technical measures to prevent any future attacks,” they added.
This is not the first time IMSLP have had legal woes.
“IMSLP previously encountered major legal turbulence in 2007, when Universal Edition, an Austrian music publisher, successfully forced a shut down of the site,” administrator Edward told TorrentFreak. “However, IMSLP was able to recover after 9 months of reorganization.”
Share. Stranger things have happened in between TV seasons. Stranger things have happened in between TV seasons.
Stranger Things hasn't officially been renewed for season 2, yet the show's creators already have ideas in mind about that theoretical season. Not only that, but the Duffer Brothers also know how they'd like to bridge the gap between the two seasons.
Speaking with IGN about the end of the recently released eight-episode first season, executive producers Matt and Ross Duffer revealed they'd have to jump forward a year in the timeline of the show for the supposed next season. And if they could tell the story of that missing year in any medium, they'd prefer to do it as a video game.
Exit Theatre Mode
"...What I really want is a video game," Ross Duffer said when posed with the idea of a comic book telling the story of that year in between seasons.
"Like an 8-bit… These fans, a lot of them have done this 8-bit video game art that's blowing my mind," Matt Duffer said.
Of course, a Stranger Things game has not been greenlit, but the Duffer Brothers noted they are pushing Netflix to sell Stranger Things-related merchandise, particularly the show's soundtrack, which Netflix recently announced is on the way.
For more on the music, learn how the show's opening credits came together.
Exit Theatre Mode
The Duffer Brothers spoke at length about the end of the show's first season, as well as what's to come, with IGN — for more, read the full interview with Ross and Matt Duffer.
Stranger Things' first season also ended with three big unanswered questions, and The Duffer Brothers helped shine some light on those lingering mysteries. And for more on the show, read IGN's review of season 1.
How bad was MSNBC's coverage of Republican Governor Scott Walker winning his recall election in Wisconsin Tuesday?
Well, the Daily Show's Jon Stewart on Wednesday renamed the network "MSNB-Sad" saying that it "passed through all the stages of grief last night" (video follows with transcript and commentary, serious vulgarity warning):
JON STEWART, HOST: If Fox was high, MSNBC must be MSNB-Sad.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ED SCHULTZ, MSNBC: To say that I'm shocked and stunned is pretty much an understatement.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
STEWART: “Shocked and stunned is an understatement. No, it feels tonight more like my heart was f—ked by the devil.
(Laughter) No, wait, that's an overstatement. Tonight I feel somewhere between shocked, stunned and devil heart f--ked. (Laughter) This is Ed Schultz.”
Indeed, MSNBC passed through all the stages of grief last night. Stage one, denial.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SCHULTZ: You know, NBC is calling it for Walker. Okay, I think it's awful close and there are a lot of absentee ballots yet that are still out.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
STEWART: Yeah, no. (Laughter) Stage two, denial.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOHN NICHOLS, NATION MAGAZINE: This will not be a massive win for Scott Walker.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
STEWART: Yeah. (Laughter) Finally, stage three, just really massive amounts of industrial-grade denial.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, MSNBC: Tonight, the really big winner of the Wisconsin recall election is President Obama.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(Laughter)
STEWART: Yep, just like Obama drew it up on the chalk board. “Hey, guys, I got an idea. What if we could figure out a way to have the core of what we believe soundly rejected by voters in a swing state just five months before the national election? It might just be the boost we need.”
Actually, in this instance, there were four stages of grief with the last one being not understanding that if the exit polls were wrong in predicting who won the recall, they would likewise be off in how Wisconsinites view the upcoming presidential election.
Unfortunately, MSNBC anchors and commentators despite the obvious flaws in Tuesday's exit polls continued to cite them to claim President Obama has a seven point lead over Mitt Romney in Wisconsin.
Maybe Stewart will spoof that hysterical stupidity Thursday.
Stay tuned.
Don Garber's goal to become a top soccer league in the world will take many different efforts. One of those is likely to be MLS teams attracting strong young talent from other leagues in CONCACAF. The Seattle Sounders appear to be interested (Goal.com) in one of those, leftback Ever Alvarado (Football-Lineups). There is a bit of history connecting the 19 year old Honduran to Seattle, but it could be typical obfuscation or light interest (MLS-Rumors).
Regardless of the veracity of the rumor, there is an appeal to a player with this type of resume. It is likely, though not certain, that it is the same Alvarado who was a guest player (3rdDegree) with FC Dallas many years ago. Hispanic-Americans falling through the cracks of the US system isn't unusual, and made more likely in the years without the formal Reserve League. If Seattle can intrigue a young player with experience on the Honduran youth teams (soccerway), and likely on Honduras upcoming Olympic qualifying (SBNation) team that increases their appeal to other young players scattered throughout the hemisphere, something that will only increase if Alvarado develops and moves to an even greater league.
Alvarado isn't only appealing because of his youth and nationality. He plays a position of need and holds CONCACAF Champions League experience. We're working on more than philosophy and resume behind this rumor, but it is a desirable concept regardless of truth. It is about more than just a replacement level MLS player. Honduras is a decent league and Real Espana performs similar to FCD and the Colorado Rapids of MLS, LD Alajuelense of Costa Rica and Guatemalan sides Municipal and Comunicaciones according to HexaganolBlog's coeffecients. He isn't a starter there. This would not be a move for the future as much as present. On just approach it signals a continuation of the shift to younger high potential players rather than retirees.
Obetz will spend $15 million to build an athletic stadium that will host professional lacrosse and rugby, and with the hope that the 6,500-seat stadium also will attract high-school football playoffs and other events. "It's super exciting," Obetz Village Manager E. Rod Davisson said Wednesday. Obetz, less than 10 miles south of Columbus, will hold a news conference Thursday along with the Ohio Machine professional lacrosse team to talk about the stadium.
Obetz will spend $15 million to build an athletic stadium that will host professional lacrosse and rugby, and with the hope that the 6,500-seat stadium also will attract high-school football playoffs and other events.
"It's super exciting," Obetz Village Manager E. Rod Davisson said Wednesday.
Obetz, less than 10 miles south of Columbus, will hold a news conference Thursday along with the Ohio Machine professional lacrosse team to talk about the stadium. The plan is to call it Fortress Field, and attendees will pass through a fortress of rehabbed shipping containers to get into the stadium.
Checking out both very large stadiums and high-school-sized stadiums in central Ohio, Davisson said Obetz opted for a niche stadium of 6,500 seats so it could attract a variety of athletic events, concerts, trade shows and other entertainment on its 250-acre complex.
As The Dispatch reported Oct. 21, the closed Columbus Motor Speedway, which sits on the Obetz site, will be leveled and replaced with the athletic field. It must be ready before May, when the Ohio Aviators of Pro Rugby North America open their home season there. Not long after, the Ohio Machine's first home game will be at the stadium, on May 6.
Ohio Machine officials say the stadium will be the first U.S. stadium to be designed specifically for professional lacrosse. It means it will be an international-sized field, larger than the American football field on which many rugby and lacrosse games are played in the United States.
Ohio Machine played its 2016 home games at Ohio Dominican University, where it averaged about 1,900 people in attendance. Before that, it played home games for its first three seasons at Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware.
One of the highlights of the stadium for 2017 will be what Davisson said will be the first football game in 50 years between high schools in the Groveport Madison and Hamilton Local school districts, the two districts that serve Obetz. Davisson said the teams will play for the inaugural Obetz Cup.
The stadium will be equipped with the newest version of field turf, an artificial turf that used to consist of ground up tires and fake grass. The new in-fill material on this field, Davisson said, will be softer and more flexible than ground-up tires and should help cut down on injuries when athletes' heads hit the turf.
The stadium will feature six or seven new video boards, television cameras, extra women's restrooms and luxury seating. Obetz will finance the stadium with bonds that will be paid for from the village coffers over several years.
kperry@dispatch.com
@kimballperry
Spread the love
Yuba City, CA — When 58-year-old Ronald Ybarra called police, he probably thought they would help him get his money back. Instead, when the police officer arrived, he ended up punching the elderly man several times before slamming him to the ground and placing him in handcuffs.
Ybarra called Yuba City police after a man allegedly stole his check for $5000 and cashed it. Ybarra did, understandably, what many would have done. He asked law enforcement for help. That was his first mistake, apparently.
But before police could get to the scene, a fight broke out between Ybarra and the man who'd allegedly stolen his money. Upon arrival, an officer made contact with Ybarra.
But somewhere between restoring the peace and taking people to jail, an unnamed officer began to punch Ybarra in the face. After throwing a few blows, he then threw him down onto the pavement.
After Ybarra was charged with “resisting arrest,” his wife, Kathi, took her concerns to the court of public opinion. She told reporters for KCRA 3 News the fight outside the local Taco Bell resulted from the theft of Ybarra's money.
He confronted him and called the police department to come because the guy had cashed his check for $5,000
Kathi rejected any notion he was resisting arrest:
If he had attacked a police officer like they're claiming, you know I think they would have shot him. And I think they would have charged him with assaulting a police officer not just resisting arrest.
Fortunately for the Ybarra family, a bystander was recording the incident which shows the officer punching Ybarra in the head several times before slamming his face on the ground.
Kathi says they're now ready, willing, and able to sue in order to ensure that what happened to Ybarra does not happen to someone else.
I would imagine he's going to try to file a lawsuit against the county. It's time the city, someone needs to hold them accountable,” Ybarra said. “This was just too much. He didn't lose his life, but he very well could have.
As Action News 12 reports, Yuba City Police officials are looking into whether excessive force was used by the officer, which is standard procedure according to department officials.
Unfortunately, Ybarra's encounter with police is not unique. Gone are the days when police officers would kindly ask someone to turn around and place their hands behind their back.
The family believes the officer used excessive force in subduing the aging gentleman. Yuba City Police Lt. Jim Runyen told the press the incident is now being investigated. He said:
Our officers wear body cameras and those are being reviewed for evidence … Use of force is something we take very seriously and review to make sure it's within department policy.
Very little punishment will likely be given to the police officer involved. When police brutality issues are being investigated, officers are often allowed to be at home on paid leave. In other words, when officers screw up, they get rewarded with a taxpayer funded vacation.
In the video below, watch as the officer needlessly socks Ybarra in the face several times even though he doesn't appear to be resisting. This could be your grandpa or your father. Remember, Ybarra was the one who called the police for help.
Most of us know there is often a chasm that exists between theory and reality. Many companies expect to make a lot of money from ride hailing and ride sharing services in the future. Legacy automakers are tripping all over themselves to get into the self driving car business so they can cash in on the next boom market. But what no one seems to be taking into consideration is the cost of cleaning all those vehicles after the trip is over.
If you see a newspaper fluttering across your lawn, you pick it up because it is on your property. If you see a newspaper fluttering across a public park, you watch is go by and move on. That's just human nature. One of the great criticism of communism is that everybody's property is nobody's property and becomes neglected. A self driving car that belongs to no one will suffer the same lack of care.
Pritam Singh is a driver for Lyft. He says he spends about $200 a month cleaning his Toyota Camry to get rid of vomit, greasy fingerprints, dog excrement on floor mats, and other gross and disgusting things he says come with the territory. That's a lot of money for one person to spend when the typical fare nets just $10 or so.
Uber and Lyft assume that apps and bots will take care of running operations while they sit back and rake in the cash. In actuality, there are several hidden costs that need to be taken into account when calculating the bottom line. Hertz has recently reported huge losses because prices for used sedans are plummeting in a world where everyone wants an SUV.
Paying for places to park a fleet of cars in congested cities can cost big dollars. Then there is insurance, property taxes, and all the other little niggling charges that can quickly eat into gross income. Depreciation is also a big factor. Hertz must deal with average depreciation of $300 a month on its rental car fleet. Taken together, all those expenses could total billions of dollars a year. “It is a really big issue and no one has figured it out,” says Mark Wakefield, co-head of automotive practices at consulting firm AlixPartners. “No one is even betting on the outcome.”
Still, Wakefield is bullish on the future of self driving cars. In theory, they could free up acres of valuable real estate in cities. Instead of being used for parking individual cars, that land could be used for parks, recreational facilities, or bicycle lanes. Proponents believe garages on private homes and in apartment buildings could become redundant. Freeing people from paying car loans, insurance bills, repair costs, and gasoline expenses would put thousands of dollars a year back in their wallets — money that could be spent to hire a vehicle when needed.
John Zimmer, co-founder of Lyft, describes a private automobile as “a ball and chain that gets dragged through our daily life.” He predicts private car ownership will “all but end” in major U.S. cities by 2025. AlixPartners' Wakefield says ride sharing services could fundamentally change how people view and buy transportation. But first, someone has to figure out how to keep all those cars clean. Perhaps the people who really profit from the self driving car revolution are the ones who create companies to service the needs of the car sharing industry.
In the meantime, ride share drivers like Pritar Singh have advice for others who are new to the business — and robocar operators of the future. Stay off the roads after the bars close and carry barf bags to limit vomit problems. Reduce sticky fingerprints by avoiding anyone carrying a bag from a fast food restaurant. In theory, robots will drive cars in the future, but people will always be needed to clean up after other people. That's the reality.
Source and photo credit: Automotive News
On the third night of the Democratic convention, a speaker finally brought up defeating ISIS and other terrorists — only to be met with boos from the crowd.
“These murderers must be stopped,” declared former Secretary of Defense and CIA Director Leon Panetta. Cue the deafening chorus of boos, plus chants of “No more war!” from convention delegates.
Mind you, Panetta's speech was offering yet another broadside against Donald Trump's inexperience. “This is no time to gamble with our future. America faces flash points and threats from around the globe,” the ex-SecDef warned.
“Lies, lies, lies,” the delegates replied.
Yes, it was a minority of the hall, but definitely a loud one. And when convention managers resorted to dousing the lights over the delegations doing the most jeering, the delegates started flashing their cellphone lights and continued to drown out Panetta.
Which helps explain why no speaker brought up the terrorist threat — or groups like Boko Haram and ISIS — on the first two nights.
This is the Democratic base that Hillary Clinton must deal with in the fall campaign. And with which she'll have to contend on a daily basis if she makes it to the White House.
Four years ago, Democrats gleefully boasted that it was the Obama administration that had found and killed Osama bin Laden.
Today's Democrats refuse to accept that America remains a target of the same brand of terrorism.
Story highlights "Dancing With the Stars" has several surprising new cast members
Actress Valerie Harper will compete despite a cancer diagnosis
The show's season premiere is September 16
"Dancing With the Stars" is facing its biggest test this fall.
The long-running ABC series has seen ratings tumble in recent seasons, and critics have taken aim at the show for being predictable and stale. As a result, "Dancing" will air just one night a week this season.
But the show continues to persevere, and hosts Tom Bergeron and Brooke Burke-Charvet unveiled the 17th season cast Wednesday morning on ABC's "Good Morning America." Based on the list alone, the celebrities appear to be an upgrade from previous seasons, but will it be enough to revive interest in the show?
Here are this season's "Dancing" celebrities:
Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi -- The "Jersey Shore" alum is now starring on MTV's "Snooki and JWow." She hopes to do better than "Shore" co-star Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino, who finished ninth in season 11.
JUST WATCHED Valerie Harper to take on 'DWTS' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Valerie Harper to take on 'DWTS' 02:13
JUST WATCHED Doctor weighs in on Harper's cancer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Doctor weighs in on Harper's cancer 03:01
Keyshawn Johnson -- So if the former NFL wide receiver and current ESPN analyst wins it all, will he ask Bergeron to "give him the d**n ballroom"?
Valerie Harper -- The TV sitcom icon was diagnosed with a rare and lethal form of brain cancer but has said she is feeling much better, and doctors have told her there is -- The TV sitcom icon was diagnosed with a rare and lethal form of brain cancer but has said she is feeling much better, and doctors have told her there is "less evidence of cancer" now.
Brant Daugherty -- The actor played Noel Kahn on ABC Family's "Pretty Little Liars" and Patrick Clarke on Lifetime's "Army Wives."
Christina Milian -- The entertainer had a Top Five hit with 2004's "Dip It Low" and was "social media correspondent" for NBC's "The Voice."
Bill Nye -- America's favorite "Science Guy" told The New York Times in 2008 that he was "obsessed" with swing dancing, going out to the dance floor up to four nights a week.
Elizabeth Berkley -- She danced like a high school student on TV's "Saved by the Bell," then twirled around a pole (among other antics) for the film "Showgirls." Hopefully she'll find a middle ground on "Dancing With the Stars."
Corbin Bleu -- He danced up a storm as Chad Danforth in the "High School Musical" trilogy and was recently seen as Jeffrey King in the online relaunch of the soap "One Life to Live."
Amber Riley -- The actress announced this year that she would no longer be a regular on Fox's "Glee," where she's played Mercedes Jones since 2009.
Bill Engvall -- The "Blue Collar" comic may have to give himself a sign if he exits early.
Jack Osbourne -- The reality TV star hopes to do better than sister Kelly, who finished third way back in the ninth season.
Leah Remini -- The actress briefly co-starred with fellow contestant Berkley on "Saved by the Bell" during the "Malibu Sands" era. Could we see a beach dance-off between the two?
The 17th season of "Dancing With the Stars" premieres September 16.
Tell us what you think of the new cast by writing in the comments below.
Last week, we saw Russell Wilson dominate the Seahawks' division opponent, the San Francisco 49ers, throwing for 260 yards and three touchdowns. Many claimed it was due to the 49ers' 31st defense by DVOA rankings. Well, this week, Wilson faced the Steelers' 16th ranked defense by DVOA rankings, and Wilson did even better statistically. In this game, Wilson threw for 345 yards and five touchdowns. In this breakdown, we will take a look at how Wilson performed and then discuss the general themes of the game for the Seahawks under offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell.
Stats
Russell Wilson – 21/30, 345 yards, 11.5 ypa, 5 TDs, 4 rushes for 14 yards, 2 sacks for 9 yards
The first two drives started slowly for Wilson. In four attempts, Wilson had one completion for 11 yards to Tyler Lockett on a quick hitch route. It wasn't until the third drive, where the Seahawks started clicking and put a six play drive for a touchdown together. This was after the Jeremy Lane interception on Landry Jones. It was a seam route by Doug Baldwin that split the Cover 3 defense for the 26 yard touchdown.
Play 1
Situation: 3rd and Goal at PIT 16
Description: (12:18 – 2nd) Doug Baldwin Pass From Russell Wilson for 16 Yrds S.Hauschka extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Gresham, Holder-J.Ryan.
The Seahawks are in a 3×1 set and send four wide receivers into the endzone. This is a classic use of the vertical stretch concepts that are covered in the Beginner Series where the Seahawks overloaded the deep zones. The Steelers don't have enough men to cover all the routes and Baldwin is left open.
The Steelers and Seahawks traded punches most of the game in an offensive explosion putting up almost 1,000 total yards (974, to be exact). In the next drive after Baldwin's first touchdown on the day, Wilson led the Seahawks down the field starting at the 15-yard line with some great throws using tight end (#88) Jimmy Graham, and wide receivers (#15) Jermaine Kearse and (#17) Kevin Smith.
Play 2
Situation: 3rd and 10 at SEA 15
Description: (7:15 – 2nd) (Shotgun) R.Wilson passes short right to J.Graham to SEA 33 for 18 yards (R.Cockrell) [C.Heyward]
The Seahawks again are in a 3×1 set out of shotgun. This time they run a drag-concept using Jimmy Graham underneath the three-level crossing routes of the wide receivers from the right side of the field. The Steelers are in Cover 1 Man which means the cornerbacks will follow their wide receivers across the field creating a gap on the right side of the field for an accurate Wilson pass and long 3rd down conversion.
On this same drive, my favorite play of the game happened and it was a 21 yard completion to Kevin Smith.
Play 3
Situation: 1st and 10 at PIT 33
Description: (2:55 – 2nd) (Shotgun) R.Wilson passes short right to K.Smith to PIT 12 for 21 yards (A.Blake)
Why is this my favorite? The Steelers are again in a Cover 3 shell just like in Play 1 (above). The Seahawks use a three-level concept on the right sideline to stretch the zones on the sideline creating a hole between the deep and shallow zone.
The above image is right before Wilson releases the football. He recognizes the coverage, finds his open receiver, and then places it to him. Kevin Smith does a very underrated job of finding his zone. He slows down to make sure he has space between the defenders and holds the distance. That's why this play was successful.
The very next play was Wilson's touchdown to Kearse in the endzone.
Play 4
Situation: 1st and 10 at PIT 12
Description: (2:10 – 2nd) Jermaine Kearse Pass From Russell Wilson for 12 Yrds S.Hauschka extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Gresham, Holder-J.Ryan.
The Seahawks run a quick-concept passing concept similar to what the Redskins run. This play stretches the outside defenders near the sideline. A perfect play call against the Steelers' Cover 3 defense as the defender has to choose the slant-route or the underneath screen pass. This leaves Kearse open for the touchdown.
Kearse's second touchdown (Wilson's third) was even more impressive.
Play 5
Situation: 2nd and 7 at PIT 9
Description: (12:17 – 4th) Jermaine Kearse Pass From Russell Wilson for 9 Yrds TWO-POINT CONVERSION ATTEMPT. R.Wilson pass to K.Smith is incomplete. ATTEMPT FAILS.
Kearse completely turns the hips of safety #31 Ross Cockrell in coverage on his double-move. Kearse fakes to the outside in the seam, then cuts upfield for the easy touchdown after Cockrell overcommits to the out-route.
Wilson threw his fourth and fifth touchdowns in back-to-back drives in the 4th quarter. A busted coverage on Baldwin's out-n-up route created the fourth touchdown as his defender is caught looking in the backfield after the out-route. While, the very same play as #2 (above) caused the other touchdown. This time Baldwin's mid-level crossing route became the long pass as Baldwin breaks clean sprinting up the sideline avoiding two tackles.
Jimmy Graham was lost for the season with a torn patellar tendon. Even though Graham is certainly not as targeted as frequently as he was with the Saints, he still played a valuable role with the Seahawks and helped them move the chains on multiple drives. Here are two examples:
This game was much different than the 49ers' match in the previous week. How?
Many of Wilson's throws against the 49ers were the traditional flare-route to Lockett or Baldwin at the line of scrimmage that has become a staple of this offense. Unlike the 49ers' game though, Wilson was asked to stretch the defense more than he typically has been asked to. This all has to do with how the Steelers started pressing their linebackers outside in order to combat the Seahawks' bubble screens, while their secondary was able to take on the edge blockers.
Many of these passes went for a minimal gain this game. This made the Seahawks change their game plan and ask Wilson to use the vertical stretch passing game and three level zone beater concepts to attack this superior defense. Wilson, in this game, showed me an ability to read multiple coverage schemes (Cover 1 Man, Cover 3, Cover 6, to name a few) and an ability to get the ball out quickly from inside the pocket. His performance the past two weeks has been incredible. The Vikings are a very underrated match-up for the Seahawks sitting at 8-3. Let's see how the Vikings attempt to stop the fourth year quarterback.
Follow Samuel Gold on Twitter: @SamuelRGold.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — A 4-year-old was shot Sunday night in Memphis.
Police say the child's mother said he was shot by his brother.
The mother said someone had shot into her home early earlier and she had taken a gun from a lock box and fired shots into the ground.
She said she put the gun back, but forgot to lock the box.
Police were on the scene investigating the shots that had been fired at the home when they heard a shot from inside the house.
Police say the mother carried the injured boy outside.
A police officer was able to stop the child from bleeding by applying tourniquet.
It happened shortly before 8 p.m. in the 2600 block of Mirror Avenue.
The child is expected to be OK, police said.
The suspect drove away from the scene and has not been taken into custody.
Image copyright Kallista Images Image caption A chest X-ray showing cancer in the right lung
NHS patients in England should get results for cancer tests within four weeks of being referred by a GP by 2020 under new plans to improve treatment.
NHS England's cancer taskforce is also replacing old radiotherapy machines and increasing specialist staff to ensure it delivers "world class" cancer care.
The five-year plan will cost £400m a year but experts say earlier treatment will result in similar savings.
They say the plan could help an extra 30,000 patients survive for 10 years.
While survival rates have been improving, England still lags behind some of the best performing countries.
Want to know more?
Go to our special report page on cancer for more information about the disease and what is being done to tackle it.
Harpal Kumar, chief executive of Cancer Research UK and chairman of NHS England's task force, said the changes could help create a "world class" service over the coming years.
"We have an opportunity to save many thousands of lives from cancer."
Saving lives
Currently 280,000 people in England are diagnosed with cancer each year - with half surviving for at least 10 years.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Harpal Kaur, NHS England task force: "It would be unacceptable not to achieve the improvements we are setting out"
But Mr Kumar believes another 30,000 people a year could end up surviving that long once the changes have been put in place - a third of them simply through diagnosing the disease earlier.
The plans include:
The creation of a four-week target for diagnosis from GP referral. Currently patients are meant to see a specialist within two weeks of a GP referral but can then face weeks of waiting for tests, meaning a growing number of patients do not get their treatment started within 62 days as they should
An 80% increase in the number of tests being carried out, including increasing the ability of GPs to order tests directly - for many they have to go through a hospital specialist
Replacing more than 100 radiotherapy machines - half of England's stock - with new, better models
Recruiting extra staff in areas such as specialist nurses and radiologists, with the latter needing to nearly double in number
Cancer patients to get online access to all their test results and a specialist nurse or other key worker to co-ordinate their care
A call for action on smoking and obesity - four in 10 cancers could be prevented through lifestyle improvements
All cancer survivors to be given a recovery package so they get the support they need to recover from their treatment and stay cancer-free
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The NHS screening programme catches cancer early
The publication of the five-year strategy comes after a cross-party group of MPs warned that cancer services had "lost momentum" in the past two years.
The health service has been struggling to meet waiting times and seen resources reduced, the Public Accounts Committee warned.
The improvements will cost £400m a year, but the taskforce believes that in the long term, this will be recouped as better care costs less money.
For example, bowel cancer caught at a late stage costs four times as much to treat as when it is caught early.
Cancer in England 280,000 people diagnosed last year 2 million cancer survivors are currently alive
But 130,000 people die each year from cancer
4 weeks target for cancer diagnosis by 2020 Getty
NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens said the plans would be "embraced" - and said any upfront costs could be covered by the extra money being given to the health service.
"The good news is that survival rates are at their highest ever, but two-fifths of cancers are preventable and half of patients are currently diagnosed when their cancers are advanced.
"That's why the NHS will be backing this groundbreaking route map for prevention, earlier diagnosis, modern treatments and compassionate care."
Dr Maureen Baker, of the Royal College of GPs, welcomed the plans.
But she warned: "The system is already overloaded and we must ensure that there is sufficient imaging and specialist capacity to cope with the increased number of referrals before promises are made to patients that cannot be delivered."
Lynda Thomas, chief executive at Macmillan Cancer Support, described the plans as "ambitious".
"This report has to be more than a set of recommendations on paper. It has to inspire action and lead to meaningful improvements for the lives of people with cancer," she added.
Even if the lights are in their favour, pedestrians still have to check for oncoming traffic.
This was held in a rare 2-1 Court of Appeal decision in which the Chief Justice dissented.
Judge of Appeal Chao Hick Tin and Justice Quentin Loh, who were in the majority, explained their reasoning by highlighting a Highway Code rule that requires pedestrians to be on the alert.
"Pedestrians should take charge of their own safety," the court said in judgment grounds issued on Thursday, and decided the injured victim in the case before it was 15 per cent to blame despite having the right of way.
Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon, who wrote a separate view explaining his objections, said the ruling means "that pedestrians will no longer be able to take comfort in the fact that they are crossing at a point controlled by a police officer or by traffic lights".
"They will have to safeguard themselves in precisely the same manner in such circumstances as if they were jaywalking."
In Oct 2014, the High Court had found taxi driver Asnah Rahman, who was being sued by the victim, fully to blame for the accident which seriously injured then 21-year-old national serviceman Li Jianlin at a pedestrian crossing in Bukit Batok West Avenue 5.
On June 2, 2011, at about 10pm, the lights were green in his favour when he was knocked down. He suffered serious head and hip injuries, and was hospitalised for three months.
Green man on? PEDESTRIANS SHOULD STILL CHECK All we are saying is that a pedestrian should bear a small portion of the shared responsibility to guard against the risks of accidents if he is well placed to do so with minimal cost and effort on his part. The Chinese saying 'the road is like a tiger's mouth'... remains valid even in the context of the modern-day signalised crossings because its deployment can only reduce road dangers but not eliminate them altogether. We bear in mind that many accidents such as the one before us can well be avoided if pedestrians could simply remain attentive when they cross the road and refrain from getting distracted by mobile devices. JUDGE OF APPEAL CHAO HICK TIN AND JUSTICE QUENTIN LOH
NO COMFORT AT CROSSING I find it unsatisfactory that a road user who is acting entirely within and in accordance with the law should be subjected to a duty to guard against the dangerous (and not merely careless) conduct of others... The result of the ruling today is that pedestrians will no longer be able to take comfort in the fact that they are crossing at a point controlled by a police officer or by traffic lights. They will have to safeguard themselves in precisely the same manner in such circumstances as if they were jaywalking. CHIEF JUSTICE SUNDARESH MENON
For dangerous driving, Madam Asnah, 59, was also fined $2,400 and disqualified from driving for six months by a district court in 2012.
The cab's insurer appealed, with lawyer Anthony Wee arguing that Mr Li should be 35 per cent to blame for failing to check for approaching traffic as he crossed the second half of the dual carriageway which had a centre divider.
Mr Wee cited rule 20 of the Highway Code, which states: "Where a pedestrian crossing has a central refuge, each half is a separate crossing and you should treat it as such."
Mr Li's lawyer Eric Liew countered that the pedestrian had no duty to continuously look left or right when the signal lights were in his favour. The victim, who also suffered amnesia, could not recall if he was on the lookout when he crossed the second half of the road.
At issue was whether Mr Li, now a polytechnic student, had a responsibility to take care of his own safety.
The court's majority pointed to rule 22 of the Highway Code.
It requires pedestrians at a light controlled crossing to wait on the footway until the traffic in front has come to a standstill. This means those on foot should keep a lookout for errant motorists regardless of how long the lights have turned in favour of the pedestrian, wrote Justice Chao. This was because there was risk of the motorist having fallen asleep from fatigue, driving while drunk and using a mobile phone.
The court noted it takes no more than a split second to see if it is safe to cross the road. But it was also stressed that this does not mean motorists should be less vigilant.
"All we are saying is that a pedestrian should bear a small portion of the shared responsibility," said Justice Chao.
The Chief Justice argued the litmus test should be whether Mr Li acted reasonably, with the amount of self-care that a normal person would have exercised in his case.
He asked if it was reasonable to expect Mr Li to guard against a driver who drove "as if there was no traffic light and no controlled pedestrian crossing there at all". Only if the answer was "yes" could one consider if there were extra steps Mr Li could have taken.
He pointed out there was no footway in the middle of the road as a divider, making rule 20 and rule 22 irrelevant. He also found Madam Asnah had not shown that Mr Li failed to check for traffic when he approached the centre of the crossing.
The judgment means that when the case returns to the High Court in September to assess the damages payable to Mr Li, the sum will be discounted by 15 per cent.
Correction note: This article has been edited for clarity.
Glyphosate relationship "highly significant" to cancer, kidney failure, many other medical issues
Related scientific data shows glyphosate amplifies toxicity of other toxins while inhibiting the body's ability to absorb nutrients
(NaturalNews) You may have heard it put something along these lines: GMOs have been around for years and nobody's gotten sick from them, so stop worrying about their safety. This convenient industry cop-out runs counter to the findings of a new study published in the, which links massive increases in more than 20 chronic diseases to the ever-rising use of glyphosate on genetically-modified (GM) crops, further indicting biotechnology as a major human killer.Researchers looking at data contained in U.S. government databases found that since its unveiling in 1974, glyphosate, which is sold by Monsanto under the brand name Roundup, has directly tracked nearly two dozen categories of disease. Corresponding increases in both glyphosate use and disease prevalence are undeniable, according to the data, suggesting that this common weedkiller may be a primary driver of chronic illness in North America.Comparisons of GM crop data, glyphosate application data, and disease epidemiological data revealed that glyphosate may be the cause of rising rates of the following diseases: hypertension, stroke, diabetes, obesity, lipoprotein metabolism disorder, Alzheimer's, senile dementia, Parkinson's, multiple sclerosis, autism, inflammatory bowel disease, intestinal infections, renal failure, acute kidney failure, myeloid leukemia, and cancers of the thyroid, liver, bladder, pancreas, and kidneys.Using the Pearson Correlation Coefficient, which measures the strength of relationships between varying data sets, the researchers found a "highly significant" relationship between the overall percentage of GM corn and soy acreage and all of the aforementioned diseases. In other words, as GM crop plantings that require glyphosate application have increased over the years, so has the prevalence of chronic diseases that were much more limited in scope before its use began."Evidence is mounting that glyphosate interferes with many metabolic processes in plants and animals and glyphosate residues have been detected in both," explain the authors. " Glyphosate disrupts the endocrine system and the balance of gut bacteria, it damages DNA and is a driver of mutations that lead to cancer."The study's authors, led by U.S. Navy scientist Dr. Nancy Swanson, were careful to account for all other known outside factors that might be responsible for escalating disease rates, including increases in average life span. After careful analysis, the biggest elephant in the room was glyphosate, leading the authors to state:"No toxic substance has increased in ubiquity in the last 20 years as glyphosate has."This is a powerful admission, backed by previous studies, which have identified high levels of glyphosate in growing soils, groundwater, and even the conventional food supply. Gilles-Eric Seralini's rat study involving Monsanto's NK603 maize and Roundup herbicide is one such study, which found that levels of Roundup far below what many governments consider "safe" causes liver and kidney damage and endocrine disruption.Roundup has also been shown to inhibit the pathways of a key enzyme known as Cytochrome P450, or CYP, which is critical for the regulation and function of most tissues in the body. CYP is necessary for a vast majority, some 75 percent, of the bodily reactions that involve drug metabolism and the oxidation of organic molecules, as explained in a 2013 paper published in the journal"...glyphosate enhances the damaging effects of other food borne chemical residues and environmental toxins," explains this earlier study. "Negative impact on the body is insidious and manifests slowly over time as inflammation damages cellular systems throughout the body."The full paper as published in theis available here:
Families of the Victims of Roboski Massacre Fined by Turkish Court
by Alliance for Kurdish Rights
On December 28th, 2011, F-16 warplanes launched an attack on villagers in Roboski village of the Kurdish district of Şırnak in Turkey. On their way back to their village, a group of people, who were transporting cheap fuel into Turkey from Iraq, were exposed to bombardment by four F-16 fighter jets.
34 members of the group, including 17 children, were killed as a result of the airstrike. Some were as young as 12.
And today, 1,5 years after the massacre, the families of the victims of the Roboski massacre have been punished with an administrative fine of 3 thousand Turkish Liras and the specially authorized prosecutor has called the families to testify on the grounds that they have performed a commemoration to mark the 500th day of the massacre.
The families of the 34 victims have been fined by the Turkish court due to border violation during the commemorative ceremony. The families walked to the border between Turkey and Federal Kurdistan to mark the 500th day of the massacre and left flowers on the border in memory of their loved ones who died in the massacre.
Having been exposed to an investigation, the families have also been called to the chief public prosecutor's office of their province to testify.
Veli Encu, who has lost his family members, said that an investigation has been launched against everyone who walked to the border in order to leave flowers on the place where their family members were killed.
Encü added that an investigation has been conducted to all 34 families:
Züleyha Encü, my 11-year-old sister, and Cahide Encü, who were not even there during the ceremony, have also been called to testify.
Ferhat Encu who lost 29 family members in the massacre made a statement concerning the ruling:
So it was not enough for the specially authorized prosecutor of Diyarbakır to forward the case of Roboski to the military prosecutor's office under the pretense of “lack of jurisdiction”. Using the commemoration that took place at the scene of the massacre on the occasion of its 500th day as an excuse, they have imposed an administrative fine of 3000 Turkish Liras on us and also sent a notification of testimony. These proceedings have been started for about 130 – 150 people.
This decision taken by the Turkish court following the massacre has revealed the “status” of Kurds living in Turkey once again. It has also unveiled the policies of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) that has proven the fact that it is not different from the previous Turkish governments in carrying out policies to accelerate the denial and annihilation of Kurds.
First of all, it should be emphasized that the massacre in Roboski was conducted by the Turkish state. It was not a coincidence that this massacre took place just after the meeting of the National Security Council (MGK).
And this massacre is the consequence of the pro-war policies of the AKP government. The so-called “advanced democracy” and “openings” of the AKP government are simply a disguise to cover up its repressive policies accompanied by bombardments.
Even though Kurds have been denied all their national rights ever since the establishment of the Turkish Republic, pro-Kurdish legal political parties have continuously come up with their plans and suggestions for peace and the PKK has also proven its dedication to a possible democratic solution for the Kurdish issue through the several ceasefires that it has announced. (The longest ceasefire between 1999 and 2004 as well as other unilateral ceasefires in 1993, 1995, 1998, 2005, 2006, 2009 and 2010)
So Kurds are very well aware of the fact that the war should be terminated and an honorable, democratic and just peace must be achieved.
Fazel Hawramy wrote in the Guardian that “The bombing of innocent villagers by the Turkish army demands justice. Relations with the Kurds depend on it.”
However, the Turkish state has done nothing to ease the pain of the families of the victims.
And even 1,5 years after the massacre, the families are still insulted and punished before the eyes of the whole world.
Over a month ago, the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) began withdrawing its guerillas from the Kurdish region in Turkey (Northern Kurdistan) as a part of a settlement process which has been reportedly launched by the AKP government and Abdullah Ocalan, the head of the PKK, in a bid to resolve the Kurdish issue.
Now that the attitude of the Turkish government towards the Roboski massacre has become even more humiliating and unjust, what outcomes will emerge out of the withdrawal of the PKK guerrillas from the Kurdish region in Turkey is a serious and alarming question waiting to be answered before it is too late.
SEOUL How does a mind -- born into comprehensive tyranny, conditioned for loyalty, fed on lies -- eventually change? What shifts or clicks or breaks?
"I cannot pinpoint one event," says Kim Seung-Min, a former North Korean army officer who defected in the 1990s. "I was very loyal to Kim Jong Il and to the party." His father was a well-known professor and writer; his mother a journalist. But he recalls the leaflet drops from across the border that showed pictures of South Korea. "One image stuck with me. People were wearing all sorts of different clothes. That was remarkable to me."
In such profound isolation, even the possibility of picking your clothes can spark a revolution of the mind.
Another image has stayed with Kim. "On his birthday, Kim Jong Il would give Mercedes-Benzes to people in the privileged classes," he told me. "He would shower them with tangerines and bananas, which most North Koreans citizens never see." (Consider an economy in which tangerines are symbols of privilege.) "But once while I was traveling on business, I saw a pile of 20 corpses lying on the ground" -- victims of starvation. "This was not uncommon, but people were surrounding a corpse to watch. Two belts of lice were moving across the body, which came from the corpse when the host died. Even today, when I think of this scene, I feel like throwing up."
Most North Koreans, says Kim, "have no point of comparison" that would reveal their oppression and suffering as abnormal. Kim now runs Free North Korea Radio, which makes shortwave broadcasts across the border. Other defectors drift large helium balloons north carrying leaflets, small radios and dollar bills. All are trying to replicate their own internal revolution -- to seed the doubts that might someday become dissent.
It is a risky, lonely task. Defectors are living reminders of heroic, dangerous struggles that prosperous, comfortable South Koreans would sometimes prefer to ignore. "Korean socialist groups," says Kim, "held demonstrations, forcing us to move from location to location. In the mail, we got axes covered in blood. North Korea sent spies. Hackers attacked our Web site. At some point, all of us started carrying Tasers for self-protection. Even now there are two policemen waiting downstairs who protect me."
But this is also the best of times to be an information warrior. Ten or 15 years ago, getting news out of North Korea often involved sewing letters into jackets and crossing the border. Now, secretly recorded video of public executions in North Korean prison camps goes viral on the Internet. Libraries of information can move on a flash drive.
And China is playing an unexpected role in the gradual opening of North Korea. Not the Chinese government, which still captures defectors and returns them. But China's thriving smuggling culture reaches into North Korea. Legal and illegal trade spreads radios and cellphones. Chinese cell networks cover North Korean border regions. Brokers run a profitable underground railroad of defectors from North Korea to China and then to Mongolia, Thailand or Vietnam. The relative openness of China is becoming a serious threat to the North Korean regime, in unpredictable ways. During three years spent hiding in China after his defection, Kim became a Christian. "When I first came to China," Kim says, "I found the true meaning of the cross."
With strategic options relating to North Korea limited, an information assault on the regime assumes greater urgency. The irreplaceable National Endowment for Democracy supports Free North Korea Radio. But neither South Korea nor the United States shows much creativity or commitment in applying new information technologies to help the spread of freedom.
Technology is important to this task. But defectors remind us that democratic progress ultimately depends on a moral determination. How does a mind change? The key, says another North Korean defector, Kang Chol-Hwan, is "the internal courage to see the essence of evil."
In his autobiography, "Witness," Whittaker Chambers tells the story of a German diplomat in Moscow during the Cold War who abandoned his communist beliefs. The diplomat's daughter explained the shift: " 'He was immensely pro-Soviet,' she said, 'and then -- you will laugh at me -- but you must not laugh at my father -- and then -- one night -- in Moscow -- he heard screams. That's all. Simply one night he heard screams.' "
For those with ears to hear, those screams can be heard in North Korea.
michaelgerson@washpost.com
Can I say this out loud? Well… here it goes: it really bugs me when people get all weepy about Severus Snape and his somber, torturous tale. As a Harry Potter fan I usually keep this to myself because Snape fans are a little rabid and also he's played by Alan Rickman on film, and speaking poorly of any Rickman-played character is probably a criminal offense in most countries.
But it really does bother me. And maybe not for the reasons you would assume.
Important disclosure at the fore: I think Severus Snape is a great character and it does hurt to learn how isolated and lonely he has been his entire life. I understand why he has the following that he does, why he garners so much love and empathy. He's tortured, which gives us an emotional investment in his progression. He was bullied in school, which we can all relate to—most kids have born the brunt of teasing at some point in their lives. And he's an incredible double agent, toeing a line between Dumbledore and Voldemort that no one else in the books is capable of, which is outright flipping cool.
But there's a disturbing skew in Potter fandom, one that sees Snape painted as some sort of pitiable, tormented martyr. That contingent usually also seems convinced that Harry's papa, James Potter, should never have been given a shot at that title and ruined Snape's chances at happiness. Which causes me to give them the side-eye and wring my hands awkwardly.
Because it makes more sense to me to see Severus Snape's tale as a cautionary one, a list of “What Not To Do” when life deals you the bottom of the deck. He suffers a great deal, absolutely—but every time chooses to handle his pain and grief in a way that is further damaging to others.
But love! Unrequited, abandoned love! His Patronus was a doe! Yes, I do remember. And it hits home because we've all been there, all know what it feels like to care for someone who isn't giving you the time of day, or at least not the kind of attention you'd prefer. But for those who are somehow under the impression that Snape had his dear love Lily Evans stolen away by that stuck up, rich boy cad, James Potter… I'm at a loss.
Rowling's use of flashback in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is meant to offer us a lot in one go, giving readers the only sequence of the infamous Marauders that we can experience in realtime. We find out that teenaged James Potter is quite the insufferable show off, that he and Sirius were cruel to Snape, and that Snape's idea of a good comeback to the bullying was to rebuff one of his oldest, truest friends in a way that was unforgivably prejudiced. What is contained in that unhappy memory is the moment where he loses Lily forever; though they obviously were not as close at that age as they had been as small children, she was not willing to cut herself off from him until he threw the word “mudblood” in her face.
But because we don't see the in-between, the line that runs from there to James and Lily's happy marriage, that might read to something like: Lily got angry at Snape for shouting something awful at her and decided that the ultimate way to “show him” was to marry that guy who'd made his life a living hell as a teen. Which is clearly not what happened. James grew up a little and stopped being a jerk. Lily noticed. (We hear specifically from Sirius and Remus that Lily didn't start dating him until their final year at Hogwarts, giving James a couple years to sort himself out.) Snape made some bad friends and started dabbling in things he shouldn't. They went their separate ways.
Except Snape kept carrying that torch for Lily. On paper it sounds sort of beautiful, but in actuality… that's kind of creepy. More creepy for the fact that he gave up trying to make amends, and never attempted to form a similar relationship with anyone else. He kept a specific version of her in his head, built out of childhood memories and the moments he watched her from afar, and decided that was good enough. It didn't stop him from offering Lily and her family up to Voldemort the instant he heard a helpful prophecy regarding Harry's birth. He backtracked, because apparently he was fine with Voldemort killing Lily's child and husband, the people whom she loved more than anything; he was only horrified at the thought of her death. And that's not real love—caring for someone without considering their happiness is the exact opposite of love, in point of fact. It makes them an object of your affection rather than a subject. Perhaps his feelings for Lily were the only thing that prevented him from truly going “dark side” with his Death Eater pals, and for that we can be grateful. But the damning aspects of that love show up the instant Harry hits Hogwarts.
Sure, Harry looks more like James than Lily, sure, he's got a bit of that Gryffindor bravado, but here was the perfect opportunity for Snape to make peace with his past. It's true in more ways than one, specifically because Harry had also come from a home where he was ignored, abused, treated like less than a household pet. If Snape loved Lily so much, you would imagine he would want to do right by her son to honor her memory, wouldn't you? But it seems that his hatred for James was much stronger than his feelings for Lily.
Well, if it weren't for James, Harry might have been his son! Except there is no evidence to support that belief whatsoever. Even if he and Lily had remained friends, even if James Potter vanished into thin air, there is no reason to think that Lily would have ever fallen in love with Snape. And that misdirected anger toward James leads him to use his position of power as a teacher and a guide to take out his schoolyard grudge on Harry in any way he can manage.
Which brings me to perhaps my biggest peeve with Snape—he's a terrible teacher. Rowling herself has said this as well, that on the teaching spectrum Remus Lupin was supposed to represent the absolute best experience you could have, and that Snape represented the worst. People can gripe all they want about Snape being right to give Slytherins an unfair advantage in this class when they receive no such advantages anywhere else in the school, but it doesn't change the fact that the kids he favors most are not good students. He favors Draco at first because he enjoys Draco's ongoing cockfight with Harry, and later (more appropriately) because he knows what Draco is going through as a result of his family's Death Eater status. But the ways in which he constantly belittles Hermione for actually caring about the subject he teaches is reprehensible, and furthermore, damaging to the very because he's fighting for by potenially leaving students ill-equipped. It's even more disappointing because Snape has the ability to be an excellent professor; he simply choses not to be out of bitterness.
Is it understandable that Snape feels the way he feels? Absolutely. Is it acceptable that his actions in response to his own feelings continually harm others? Not so much.
The point is not that Severus Snape was a monster and no one should ever think well of him. The point is that Severus Snape is not a hero, and wouldn't want to be called one. He is a man burdened by real demons, who makes the wrong choices, who pays for it with everything that is dear to him. And he's the one who makes that bed. He knows he has to lie in it, knows that's what he earned for himself, and that's why he does everything in his power to make it right.
It's what makes Severus Snape such a mesmerizing character in the first place. He doesn't want to be coddled by anyone who feels for him, who wants to ease his pain. He would probably feel pretty awkward about Harry using his name to christen one of the Potter brood. Severus Snape doesn't need pity because he's not meant to be pitied—the owning of his failures are what make him exceptional.
And that is far more interesting than being a martyr any day.
Emily Asher-Perrin has the Marauder's Map, and she frequently uses it to sneak out for sweets. You can bug her on Twitter and read more of her work here and elsewhere.
Invasive predators have contributed to hundreds of extinctions. Island species are some of the most vulnerable to impacts from invasives.
A report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, edited by Island Conservation Board Member Daniel Simberloff, sheds light on native wildlife deaths amassed by invasive predators. The New Zealand native Stephens Island Wren is just one of many examples of a species driven to extinction by invasives.
This extermination was not an isolated event. It has played out over and over again as invasive mammalian predators—cats, rodents, dogs, and pigs—arrive in new habitats and decimate native species.
Lead author Tim Doherty and other researchers determined that invasive species are implicated in 738 birds, mammal, and reptile extinctions in the past 500 years. They found that the most vulnerable species are also often evolutionarily unique, and most of the species impacted by invasive predators can only be found on islands.
When we lose all of these island species we're potentially losing a lot of unique species forever that are found nowhere else.
To protect vulnerable species, conservation intervention is necessary–a “global conservation priority” according to Doherty and coauthors. Islands offer a unique opportunity–because they are finite and enclosed, it is possible to remove 100% of an invasive predator population.
Unless action is taken now, there could be many species whose value we won't fully comprehend until they're gone.
Featured photo: Vulnerable Fairy Tern. Credit: Andrew Wright
Source: Forbes
If you've ever put together a large set of IKEA furniture (or something similar) you know the fabricated holes and screws don't always fit together well. Hidden inside the massive Popular Mechanics list of the best DIY tips is a trick from way back in 1957 that still applies today: if a screw isn't turning smoothly, coat it in a layer of soap.
When a screw isn't fitting like it's supposed to it a simple project suddenly becomes a pain. Roll the threads of a screw into a bar of wet soap and the process gets a lot easier. I ran this one through the paces this weekend when putting together a horribly manufactured dining room table where the holes weren't as big as the screws and it worked like a charm. It might be an ancient tip, but if you're ever stuck putting together a poorly crafted piece furniture it works great. Hit up the full post on Popular Mechanics for a huge list of other DIY tips.
Advertisement
Know Your Stuff: The 110 Best DIY Tips Ever | Popular Mechanics
In what can only be termed as a shockingly insensitive incident, a 70-year-old woman residing in East Delhi's Shahdara area was allegedly beaten by her son. The incident was witnessed by the neighbours, who helped the woman by getting in touch with human rights activist Kundan Srivastava and his team. Srivastava shared the incident on his Facebook page and the website The Voice Raiser, which subsequently went viral on social media leaving people furious at what they saw.
Advertising
In the videos posted online, Rajindari Devi is seen lying on the floor bleeding through her nose and wearing a blood-stained sari. Her son Nand Kishore sat on the bench next to her asking her not to tell lies when she told people that he beats her everyday and snatches money from her too. According to The Voice Raiser, the woman was beaten on November 24 and the videos were shared with them by the neighbours. Reportedly, the police was called but they forced the woman and the neighbours to not file an FIR. However, later it was filed and the man stands arrested.
“Once I looked at the wounds, I knew it was an attempt to kill. And you really have to marvel at the tenacity of the police who convinced the aggrieved old woman to retract her FIR. They even harassed the neighbours when they tried to file an FIR on behalf of the lady. But as of now I can positively confirm that because of our efforts, the son is behind bars,” Srivastava told Scoopwhoop.
According to the post, the woman was taken to Guru Teg Bahadur hospital for treatment and is now being watched over.
“The lady needs to be treated for her many physical and mental wounds which will take some time. The act of violence against elders needs to be stopped all together,” he was quoted as saying.
Watch video:
Advertising
The activist has also urged Delhi government to look into the matter and tagged Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in the post. indianexpress.com has contacted Srivastava for further comment on the post and issue.
WinFF is a nice and simple GUI for FFmpeg which has support for almost all major multimedia file formats that include AVI, FLV, MOV, WMV, MPEG among others. I have just tried to convert an FLV video file into AVI using WinFF and it worked flawlessly.
FFmpeg is an open source, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream audio and video. WinFF is a simple GUI for FFmpeg to convert multimedia files from one format to other with extensive support for all major file formats.
WinFF is an open source and cross platform application, works with Windows and Linux.
WinFF packages are available for Debian, Ubuntu and Redhat based Linux distros.
Capable of converting multiple files all into same format, all at once.
Capable of converting video to audio.
Easy access to common conversion options such as bitrate, frame size, frame rate etc.
Available in over 10 languages.
WinFF is available in the official Ubuntu repositories.
Click here to install WinFF in Ubuntu OR manually search for 'winff' in Ubuntu Software Center. Simple as that.
If you are using other flavors of Linux, visit WinFF download page.
For me WinFF worked pretty good so far in converting popular multimedia file formats in Ubuntu. Hope it works for you as well without any major issues. Have a nice weekend people.
Sixty-year-old Dorchester Town manager Phil Simkin may be among his side's substitutes against Dover on Saturday because of the club's cash problems.
The Conference South outfit earned more than £50,000 after reaching the second round of the FA Cup last season but now have debts of more than £150,000.
As a result every player on the Dorset club's books is now for sale.
"I will be registering as a player so that we have a full bench," Simkin told BBC Radio Solent.
I believed the club would be financially stable for the next two or three years. Turned out I was wrong Phil Simkin
"Quite frankly I don't know what players will still be here on Thursday for selection against Dover. One way or another we need to put a team out. It's been very difficult."
The club's hopes of repeating last season's FA Cup run ended on Saturday when they lost to Shortwood United in the second qualifying round.
That result that has helped contribute to their financial problems and as well as putting every player up for sale, the club have also had to slash their playing budget by 50%.
"All the professionals are on the transfer list and it's a very sad time for everyone involved at the football club and we need to work through it," Simkin added.
"It was very sad telling the players, I've watched a team I worked very hard to put together disintegrate in front of my very eyes and for me it's personally very sad.
Super Stanley Sir Stanley Matthews was the oldest man to appear in England's top division when he played for Stoke in their 3-1 win over Fulham in February 1965, aged 50. He played his last competitive game at the age of 70.
"It's hard to see a way forward. I've called in a lot of favours, people have been kind but it's a problem."
The club beat Plymouth 1-0 in November 2012 before eventually losing 2-1 to Luton Town.
And Simkin, who has a 30-year association with the club, admits he finds it hard to believe that less than 12 months on he is now having to take this course of action.
"It seems quite unbelievable that it's less than a year since that happened," he said "I honestly believed when the club walked off the pitch that night it would be financially stable for the next two or three years. Turned out I was wrong."
Jan. 30, 2019 Cyclosporiasis outbreaks and the challenges facing produce processors Food Safety Strategies Dr. Elis Owens Read Article
Dec. 10, 2018 Environmental monitoring: stay ahead of food safety risks with continuous improvements Food Safety Strategies Dr. Elis Owens Read Article
Dec. 2018 How to Remove Silicon Dioxide (SiO2) Fining Agents in Fermentation Vessels and Brite Tanks in the Brewery MBAA Technical Quarterly Dana Johnson Read Article
Oct. 18, 2018 Sanitary design in produce processing plants: How to get started Food Safety Strategies Dr. Elis Owens Read Article
Sept. 2018 Conserving Water on a Busy Beef Harvest Floor National Provisioner Bob Ogren Read Article
Aug. 7, 2018 A Loss in Transparency is a Loss for Food Safety Meatingplace Mark Swanson Read Article
July 16, 2018 How to use less water for beef processing without compromising food safety Strategies Bob Ogren Read Article
July/Aug. 2018 Protecting Your Stainless Steel: Brewery Equipment Passivation The New Brewer Dana Johnson Read Article
May/June 2018 5 Steps to Saving Time, Money and Labor on Your Food Plant's Sanitation Food Manufacturing Bob Ogren Read Article
April 27, 2018 Three Ways Sanitation Automation Helps Food Processors Reduce Costs Food Safety Tech Bob Ogren Read Article
March 12, 2018 Three Ways Sanitation Automation Helps Food Processors With Food Safety Strategies Bob Ogren Read Article
Dec. 7, 2017 FSMA compliance and the cold food industry: Risks, challenges, solutions Refrigerated & Frozen Foods Dr. Elis Owens Read Article
July/Aug. 2017 Improving Brewhouse CIP The New Brewer Dana Johnson Read Article
June 2017 How to Reduce Water Usage During Carcass Washing National Provisioner Bob Ogren Read Article
June 2017 Principles of Cleaning and Sanitizing for Homebrewing Dana Johnson Read Article
March/April 2017 Continuous Improvement in Sanitary Design Food Manufacturing Magazine Bob Ogren Read Article
Jan. 12, 2017 Sanitary Design's Role in Fresh Produce Processing to Prevent Listeria Contamination Food Safety Magazine Elis Owens, Ph.D. Read Article
Aug. 29, 2016 Battling Listeria in Produce Processing Food Quality and Safety Elis Owens, Ph.D. Read Article
July 28, 2016 Reductions in Natural Microbial Flora, Nonpathogenic Escherichia coli, and Pathogenic Salmonella on Jalapeno Peppers Processed in a Commercia Antimicrobial Cabinet: A Pilot Plant Trial Journal of Food Protection, Vol. 79, No. 11, 2016, Pages 1854-1859
Used with permission of the Journal of Food Protection Jeremy M. Adler, Erin D. Cain-Helfrich, Cangliang Shen Read Article
July/Aug 2011 Reducing Dissolved Oxygen The New Brewer Dana Johnson Read Article
July/Aug, 2009 Don't Lose Your Head! A Look at Using Antifoams in the Brewery The New Brewer Dana Johnson Read Article
July/Aug, 2008 Keg Cleaning with Acid and Detergent Only The New Brewer Dana Johnson Read Article
September/October 2000 A Look at Biofilms in the Brewery Brewers Digest Dana Johnson and Harley Damon Swanson, Ph.D. Read Article
Image copyright Casey L. Olson and Oren Gutfeld Image caption Excavators filter material from the cave
Archaeologists have found a cave that once housed Dead Sea scrolls in a cliff in the Judean desert - the first such discovery in over 60 years.
Israel's Hebrew University said the ancient parchments were missing from the cave, and were probably looted by Bedouin people in the 1950s.
Storage jars, fragments of a scroll wrapping, and a leather tying string were found at the site.
The Dead Sea scrolls date from as early as the 4th Century BC.
The priceless records include more than 800 documents written in Hebrew, Aramaic and Greek, mostly on animal skin and papyrus.
As well as containing the oldest copies of many biblical texts, they also include many secular writings about life in the 1st and 2nd Centuries AD.
The first Dead Sea scrolls were discovered in 1947, reportedly by a young Bedouin shepherd hunting for a lost sheep in Qumran, on the modern-day West Bank.
It is not known who wrote the scrolls, although some scholars have credited a Jewish sect called the Essenes.
The team excavating the latest cave was led by Dr Oren Gutfeld and Ahiad Ovadia from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, with Dr Randall Price and students from Liberty University in Virginia.
The pottery jars and wrappings were found concealed in niches along the cave's walls, and inside a 4-6m (16-20ft) tunnel at its rear.
Image copyright Casey L. Olson and Oren Gutfeld Image caption The team found fragments of pottery jars that contained the stolen scrolls
"Until now, it was accepted that Dead Sea Scrolls were found only in 11 caves at Qumran, but now there is no doubt that this is the 12th cave," said Dr Gutfeld.
"Although at the end of the day no scroll was found, and instead we "only" found a piece of parchment rolled up in a jug that was being processed for writing, the findings indicate beyond any doubt that the cave contained scrolls that were stolen," he said.
"The findings include the jars in which the scrolls and their covering were hidden, a leather strap for binding the scroll, a cloth that wrapped the scrolls, tendons and pieces of skin connecting fragments, and more."
The team also found a seal made from carnelian, a semi-precious stone - evidence that prehistoric people once lived in the desert cave.
Image copyright Casey L. Olson and Oren Gutfeld Image caption Cloth that was used for wrapping the scrolls
The Bedouin looting theory arose with the discovery of two iron pickaxe heads from the mid-20th Century that had been left inside the cave tunnel.
"I imagine they came into the tunnel. They found the scroll jars. They took the scrolls," Dr Gutfeld said. "They even opened the scrolls and left everything around, the textiles, the pottery."
He said this could be just the first in a series of discoveries, with hundreds of caves yet to be explored.
Image copyright Casey L. Olson and Oren Gutfeld Image caption This tiny carnelian seal is evidence that the cave was once inhabited
Pictures: Casey L. Olson and Oren Gutfeld
Today's Google Doodle celebrates 123 years of Yosemite National Park. But much like NASA, the Yosemite is having a pretty depressing birthday: The park is in the process of closing due to the government shutdown. According to the agency's contingency plan, 21,379 of the National Park Service's 24,645 employees have been furloughed. Of the remaining 3,266 excepted employees, 2,139 of them are emergency personnel like EMTs, law enforcement, or wildland fire control personnel.
The shutdown process for National Parks will take place in two phases. Phase one, presumably in effect now, "includes all activities to notify the public of the closure, secure government records and property, and begin winding down operations to essential activities only" and is supposed to last a day and a half. It also involves kicking out all day use visitors. Phase 2 includes "the complete shutdown of all concession facilities and commercial visitor services." Current overnight visitors will be given two days to make other arrangements and get out. Both phases are supposed to be completed within four days.
Tesla doesn't sell its electric cars through franchise dealerships.
Customers check out a new Tesla all electric car in March at a Tesla showroom inside the Kenwood Towne Centre in Cincinnati. (Photo: AP )
The Iowa Transportation Department has told Tesla Motors to stop offering test drives.
The Des Moines Register reports that the department said the test drives were illegal because Tesla isn't a licensed auto dealer in Iowa and because Iowa law bars carmakers from retail sales.
A Tesla spokeswoman told the newspaper that the company doesn't think the statutes apply because the company was offering only three-day test drives, not actually selling cars.
Tesla doesn't sell its electric cars through franchise dealerships. People can buy the Model S online or at one of a handful of Tesla stores around the country.
Tesla is based in Palo Alto, California.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1st9xAD
Attorney, Paradigm Counsel
In November 2012, Washington's voters supported the legalization of recreational marijuana by a 56-44 margin in passing Initiative 502. Unlike Colorado, which had a robust medical system before its recreational system was created, Washington started its regulatory scheme from scratch. This was because Governor Gregoire felt forced to veto nearly all regulatory components of the medical bill in order to protect her state employees from federal prosecution for their actions in administering the medical marijuana system. In effect, this left Washingtonians with the ability to assert medical use merely as an affirmative defense to a marijuana possession charge. It also left in place some meager provisions related to collective gardens which were intended to allow medical patients to pool resources to grow medical marijuana for personal use. The lack of regulation around collective gardens, along with tacit approval by some local jurisdictions, led to the ubiquitous green-cross symbol dispensaries located across Seattle and the State.
The legislature, until the 2015 session, had been unable or unwilling to fix this system, leaving regulated recreational-marijuana businesses to suffer at the hands of both the black market (i.e., drug dealers) and the gray market (i.e., certain medical-marijuana dispensaries that sold to more “customers” than “patients”). This failure to regulate the medical system also left local jurisdictions floundering to either ban the medical stores outright or impose local, patchwork regulations in an effort to bring some semblance of regulation to the medical system.
Finally, on April 24, 2015, Governor Inslee signed the Cannabis Patient Protection Act into law. Celebrated by the recreational marketplace and criticized by some patients' groups, the CPPA attempted to bring some historically polarized views into compromise and coordinate a system that had thrived, unregulated, for years. Much of the CPPA takes effect on July 1, 2016. By then, we can expect to see the grower marketplace reduced to current producers and processors, albeit with a larger canopy and additional locations, and the retailer market limited to existing, licensed recreational retailers, some with medical endorsements, along with medical-only retailers that meet strict regulatory provisions.
On June 20, 2015, the Governor also signed into law HB 2136 in an effort to further improve the legal marijuana marketplace. While this bill includes much welcome regulatory reform, significant barriers to a thriving industry remain:
Excise tax reform . HB 2136 makes tax collection easier by placing the entire marijuana excise tax at the retail level. However, the excise tax rate of 37 percent, plus retail sales tax, makes it incredibly hard for the legal system to compete with the black market which faces no tax burden or a lower tax rate coming soon in Oregon.
Banking options . Being a start-up business is hard enough without having to pay employees and withhold employment taxes, remit excise taxes to the state, pay vendors, and manage operations without a bank account. Until federal laws change, marijuana businesses will have the operational and public safety challenges of dealing in cash.
IRS reform . Current IRS code provisions consider legitimate, state-legal marijuana businesses to be “drug traffickers,” preventing them from deducting typical business expenses and forcing them to pay what in many cases amounts to a tax on gross revenue.
Investment opportunities . I-502 does not ban investment of out-of-state money into Washington's legalized system. Yet, likely because the state feared the wrath of the Department of Justice when it drafted its rules, the Liquor Control Board's (LCB) regulations prohibit I-502 businesses from accepting any out-of-state investment. When the DOJ outlined its enforcement priorities, it was concerned with the migration of product from states where it was legal to states where it was illegal, not the migration of money. For the sake of our economy, the LCB should abandon this rule and allow out-of-state investment in Washington businesses.
As a state, we have decided, rightly or wrongly, to legalize and regulate marijuana. Unless and until we treat these organizations as the legitimate businesses we have deemed them to be, they will continue to struggle under the weight of regulation, bolstering the black market in the process.
Christine M. Masse is an attorney and partner of Miller Nash Graham & Dunn LLP. She is the leader of the firm's government and regulatory affairs practice group and also leads the Native American tribes and organizations practice.
This post is also published on the Huffington Post here.
After a half century of pioneering work by farmers and scientists, agroecology has finally penetrated mainstream policy circles. This is due to agroecology's widespread success on the ground and the tireless efforts of food activists and policy advocates determined to break corporate agriculture's chokehold on the politics and the purse strings of our food system.
Last month, Friends of the Earth (FoE) published Farming for the Future: Organic and Agroecological Solutions to Feed the World – which was released on the heels of the International Panel of Experts on Sustainable Food Systems' (IPES) report, From Uniformity to Diversity: A paradigm shift from industrial agriculture to diversified agroecological systems.
Stay in the loop with Food First! Get our independent analysis, research, and other publications you care about to your inbox for free! Sign up for news and updates
The two publications reflect a widespread push by civil society to advance agroecology as a solution to the rural poverty, hunger, erosion, agricultural pollution and greenhouse gas emissions attributed to industrial agriculture. Extensively referenced, the reports highlight agroecology's many benefits, including comparable outputs to conventional systems, the production of nutrient-dense foods, resilience to climate change, the stabilization or increase of farmers' incomes, and more.
What we're left wondering is, if agroecology is so great, why aren't more farmers doing it? What's holding it back?
Friends of the Earth claims it is in large part the agricultural subsidies, expending “billions of dollars… for the ecologically destructive industrial production of commodity crops,” suggesting that doing away with subsidies would put an end to industrial production and usher in agroecological production.
But farmers don't grow environmentally destructive commodities simply because they receive subsidies. Farmers farm commodities because that is what the capitalist market dictates. They get hooked on subsidies because capitalist agriculture has an innate tendency to overproduce—thus dropping prices. Because they have high fixed and “up front” costs, when commodity prices drop, farmers increase their production to make ends meet. This only leads to greater consumption of chemical inputs, larger and larger (and fewer) farms, and of course, more overproduction. Subsidies don't cause overproduction, they support the incomes of farmers who are caught in a system of capitalist overproduction and low prices.
The agrifood industry thrives on these low prices—especially processors and supermarkets that like to buy on the cheap. Seed, chemical and machinery companies like low prices too, because it drives farmers to produce more, ever buying newer and bigger technologies. The wealth of public subsidies eventually accumulates in these sectors—not with the farmers. Overall, this system keeps prices low for processors, supermarkets, and input companies – which is where money and power disproportionately resides.
But cutting off farm subsidies would be like cutting off SNAP benefits for low-income consumers to spite Walmart— ultimately hurting those struggling in a capitalist system without changing the market rules that keep the industrial agrifoods system in power.
The IPES report recognizes that “Industrial agriculture and the ‘industrial food systems' that have developed around it are locked in place by a series of vicious cycles [that] allows value to accrue to a limited number of actors, reinforcing their economic and political power, and thus their ability to influence the governance of food systems.”
This is true, but IPES falls short of identifying capitalist agriculture and overproduction as the system locking industrial agriculture in and keeping agroecology out.
Both IPEs and FoE call for broad reforms—from shifting public support to agroecological agriculture, developing short supply chains and mainstreaming agroecology in research agendas, to developing new metrics and supporting broad based social movements for agroecology and local food. The IPES report concludes that, “Political incentives must be shifted in order for these alternatives to emerge beyond the margins. A series of modest steps can collectively shift the centre of gravity in food systems.”
Agroecology must indeed advance beyond the margins to become the norm rather than the alternative. The FoE's and IPES' recommendations are urgently needed. However, all of these recommendations fly directly in the face of capitalist agriculture, in which the tendency is towards massive and mechanized plantations, global supply chains, and the disappearance of the public sector entirely. Further, agroecology requires extensive human labor coupled with place-specific knowledges – bot of which are not compatible with the current system's need for vast, cheap inputs.
So, when we discuss what's holding agroecology back, we also need to discuss capitalism and how we can roll back the accumulation of money and power locking in the conventional industrial agricultural system.
We should celebrate the steady appearance of agroecology in policy debates as an important, essential—but insufficient—step in the urgent transformation of our food systems. The question is not just, “how can we scale up agroecology,” or “how can we use agroecology to change the food system,” but “how can agroecology help us transform capitalism itself?”
The auto industry is in the middle of a revolution, one where new and emerging technologies are steering the market. Such high-tech features are placing a tremendous burden on the typical vehicle's 12-volt electrical systems and for this reason we're seeing a new trend: cars equipped with 48-volt electrical systems. Not every new vehicle will feature such systems, but for those that do, there are strong benefits for manufacturers, consumers and the environment alike.
Bentley's Bentayga SUV utilizes a 48-volt system for its electronically controlled sway bar.
The Current Standard: 12-Volt Electrical Systems
Every vehicle's electrical system is composed of a battery, starter and an alternator. Modern vehicles have 12-volt electrical systems, with the car battery serving as the center of that system.
Electricity flows out from the battery by means of the positive terminal through wires to power various components, including the starter. The starter stores a small amount of electricity to turn the engine, while the alternator helps keep the battery charged when the vehicle is running, by sending power back to the battery through the negative terminal.
Although 12-volt electrical systems have been the standard for decades, they've also been called upon to do more work in recent years, including powering water pumps and turbochargers, and to supply power to the computer, navigation and audio systems. As vehicles become more complex, manufacturers are exploring other options, including the 48-volt electrical systems.
Emerging Technology: 48-Volt Electrical Systems
There are two reasons why car manufacturers are planning for 48-volt electrical systems:
1) Such systems can handle more complex loads, including technologies related to autonomous vehicles.
2) Environmental benefits may be realized, through reduced emissions and improved fuel economy.
Suppliers such as Bosch, Continental, Delphi and Valeo are developing 48-volt electrical systems for manufacturers. These new systems will power such energy-intensive components as turbochargers, hybrid motors and stop-start motors, and supply electric power to the water pump, air conditioning, power steering and power brakes.
Does this spell the end of the 12-volt electrical system? No. In fact, future cars will likely run the two systems concurrently, with 12-volt systems powering the lights, center console, seats and windows, and 48-volt systems tasked with supplying energy for power-consuming components.
On the environmental side, 48-volt electrical systems will also allow manufacturers to transform some models into mild hybrids by replacing the starter with a 48-volt motor generator unit (MGU). Such vehicles would also gain a 48-volt lithium-ion battery pack and a DC-to-DC converter, creating the mild hybrid system.
A mild hybrid system utilizes both the gasoline engine and electric motor to power the car, with fuel savings of 15 to 20 percent possible. Like similar systems, mild hybrids offer another tangible environmental benefit: a reduction in emissions. In all, mild hybrids provide about two-thirds the benefit of traditional hybrids, but at just one-third the cost. Expect manufacturers to turn to such systems in an effort to meet ever-increasing federal fuel economy and emissions mandates.
Current Applications
You'll currently find 48-volt electrical systems in a few models, including the Bentley Bentayga, which utilizes this system to power its electronic sway bars. While mechanically operated sway bars do a good job of reducing body roll in a turn, the electronic system is simply superior. That's expected in a $230,000 super luxury SUV, but it's only achieved with a 48-volt system.
The previously available Audi SQ7 TDI utilized a 48-volt system to power its turbo, and Audi's Q8 Sport Concept with a supercharger also utilizes the system.
Like most new technologies, we'll see this filter down to mainstream models as costs are lowered. Indeed, Honda is already using a 48-volt system in its European Civic diesel model. The system powers the Civic's turbo, reducing lag time while improving acceleration and torque.
Coming to a Car Near You
Most manufacturers haven't said how and when they'll implement 48-volt electrical systems, but you'll be hearing about them, especially if you follow the major auto show and technology circuits.
Indeed, at the 2017 Frankfurt Motor Show this September, manufacturers such as Peugeot, Volvo, Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz revealed plans to shift away from diesels to mild hybrids. Notably, total manufacturing costs come in $600 to $1,200 lower than diesels and without the emissions challenges of the diesels, according to Automotive News. By 2025, the European forecast has more than half of all new vehicles equipped with such systems.
For North American enthusiasts, upcoming auto shows in Los Angeles, Detroit, and New York may very well reveal where this trend is going regionally. The CES (Consumer Electronics and Technology) Show held in Las Vegas in early January should also provide some details.
Think of great coffee like any fine, perishable food. It is best served fresh. That's the point of our In Season coffee program: to provide you with delicious, seasonally-sourced coffees that you can enjoy at the peak of flavor.
In most coffee growing regions, there is a single harvest season each year. Since coffee cherries do not ripen evenly, harvests can last from several weeks to several months, resulting in what's known as early, middle, and late harvests. Despite the misconception perpetuated by some in the industry, coffee is not a year-round crop, nor is its quality immune to the passage of time. So, the only way to deliver the finest, freshest coffees is to know the coffee's exact time and location (down to the plot) of harvest.
The goal of our program is to purchase the right amount of a given coffee to meet seasonal demand. We then roast your coffee only on the day they are ordered. So by the time they reach your door, Intelligentsia In Season coffees and espressos are less than 9 calendar months from harvest.
Over the course of time, you'll see our In Season coffee selections change, highlighting truly impeccable coffees from around the world. Selecting your coffees in this manner ensures that you receive Intelligentsia coffee at their most satisfying and flavorful.
Cesar Ramirez's Downtown Brooklyn tasting counter recently received four stars from Eater critic Ryan Sutton, along with three sparklers from Michelin and the New York Times before that. It's one of the toughest reservations to acquire in America, and it's arguably the most acclaimed restaurant in Brooklyn, ever. But now it looks like Ramirez and his crew are gearing up to move the tasting counter to the two-year-old outpost of Brooklyn Fare on West 37th Street.
Previously, Ramirez and Brooklyn Fare owner Moe Issa had announced plans to open a different restaurant in the Manhattan location of their grocery store, but the space is still empty. The tipline has recently been flooded with reports about the move. Some tipsters hinted at plans to move the restaurant to the forthcoming Brooklyn Fare grocery store on Greenwich Street. But today, an employee at Chef's Table confirmed the plans to move the restaurant to the Hell's Kitchen space.
"We are moving locations to a second location, but we actually do not have a set date for the move," the employee told Eater. Apparently, the new West Village location of Brooklyn Fare will not have a restaurant. A liquor license application for the 37th Street restaurant notes: "This will be a first class restaurant similar to owner's other restaurant by the name of Brooklyn Fare." The CB2 archive does not have a liquor license application for the Greenwich Street space.
Ramirez and the Brooklyn Fare team have not made any official announcement about this move yet. When asked about the rumored move recently, a rep for the restaurant had no comment. Word on the street is that the original Brooklyn Fare space will become a more casual Mediterranean-themed restaurant. Stay tuned for more details about the future of Brooklyn Fare as they become available.
VANCOUVER, Wash. - We're all for getting into the Halloween spirit, but you have to know when you've gone too far.
In the eyes of the Vancouver police, two men crossed the line when they pretended to attack strangers with a realistic-looking fake axe.
Police say a couple at a gas station on Wednesday reported seeing a man in full motorcycle gear attacking a person with an axe. They said the axe-wielding man then charged at them before running off.
Somebody also reported a similar incident the night before, according to Vancouver police spokeswoman Kim Kapp.
Kapp said in each case the attacker charged at the victims but didn't actually hit anyone with the axe. Nonetheless, you can imagine how terrified the victims must have been.
Police officers managed to track down the axe-wielding man and a friend, who said they were pulling pranks on people and videotaping it, according to Kapp.
The axe was actually a fake, albeit a realistic looking one.
The officers did not find the humor in their prank and arrested 18-year-olds Pavel Krivov and Petru Tomcac of Vancouver. Both face assault charges and were taken to jail.
Some of the details of President Donald Trump's tax plan emerged on April 26, and if you're one of the tens of millions of Americans who pay taxes, you should be more than just a little excited. In fact, if you're standing up, you might want to sit down as I walk through his proposed changes.
For starters, Trump's plan simplifies the tax code from seven brackets to three, which means calculating your current and future tax liability is going to be a lot less complicated than it has been in the past. The three rates under the Trump plan would be 10 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent, dropping the top marginal rate from 39.6 percent.
Although key details of the plan indicating the income levels that would correspond to each rate have yet to be revealed, it's expected many U.S. households will only end up paying 10 percent under the plan for most of their income, and the White House has made it clear the focus of the entire tax plan is to lower the burden for middle-income families.
In addition to the lower rates many middle-income Americans would enjoy, Trump's plan would nearly double the deduction for married couples, to about $24,000. This means tens of millions of families will have their taxable income drop by $12,000, at minimum, saving many families thousands of dollars each year.
To help spur economic development, the plan will also drop corporations' top marginal rate from 35 percent, one of the highest rates in the world, to 15 percent. The top marginal rate for small businesses would also fall dramatically, from 39.6 percent down to 15 percent.
Trump's plan eliminates the alternative minimum tax, ends the dreaded estate tax—a tax on property inherited after people have died, which is particularly harmful to farming families—and it will end the 3.8 percent investment tax imposed by the Affordable Care Act.
All together, this tax package is being touted by the White House as the largest tax cut in the history of the country.
“We want to move as fast as we can,” Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, said today, according to a report by the New York Times. “This bill is about creating economic growth and jobs.”
To help offset some of the costs related to the tax cuts, Trump's plan eliminates many deductions, with three key exceptions: charitable giving, child care expenses and mortgage-interest payments.
By cutting most of the deductions out and doubling the standard deduction for married couples, Trump is effectively simplifying the tax code for the vast majority of Americans, who will now need to do very little math when filing their taxes.
Regardless of what you might think of Trump, if you're a conservative who believes in limited government and reducing taxes, this package is an undeniable home run. Trump's plan will infuse the American economy with much-needed cash by allowing Americans to keep most of their own money. It will help people save for retirement, pay for college, buy a new home and enjoy life. Instead of sending billions of dollars to wasteful government agencies, more Americans will have the ability to choose to spend their money on whatever they please.
Liberal Democrats have already started to attack Trump's plan. Rep. Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, said in a statement, “The same Trickle Down Economics that undermined the middle class are alive and well in the President's tax plan. True to form, President Trump's tax plan is short on details and long on giveaways to big corporations and billionaires.”
.@realDonaldTrump's tax plan is short on details and does little for the middle class and those trying to get there. https://t.co/Ryr1dRJpzD pic.twitter.com/BXsZOXhAmV — Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) April 26, 2017
What Pelosi and other Democrats won't admit, however, is that the high-tax, endless-regulations scheme put into place under the Obama administration failed to produce the kind of meaningful economic expansion so many Americans have been restlessly waiting for over the past eight years.
A report produced by The Heartland Institute, where I serve as executive editor, found, “Obama's economic policies produced the worst recovery from a recession since the Great Depression, worse than what every other president faced with a recession has achieved since the 1930s.”
That same report found if the economic recovery under Obama had occurred at just the same rate as the average of the previous 11 recoveries occurring since the Great Depression, family incomes today would, on average, be $17,000 higher and there would be 6 million more jobs.
If tax-and-spend policies work, then why didn't they work during the past eight years?
Trump, Republicans in Congress, and Republicans in state houses across the country ran on a low-tax, pro-business platform, and Americans elected them into office because of it. The people are tired of hearing the class-warfare blathering constantly emanating from the mouths of Democrats. Middle-class Americans have demanded change, and if this tax plan becomes law, they will finally get it.
It's time for Congress to finish what Trump started, by passing these important reforms into law and helping the nation move toward a real economic recovery.
[Originally published by the Washington Examiner]
PHOTO: Donald Trump at CPAC in 2013. Photo by Gage Skidmore.
$28,000 Mobile Ports: iOS + Android
$30,000 Character Customization!
$35,000 Console Port: Xbox
$40,000 Console Port: Wii U and 3DS
$45,000 Console Port: Playstation
$50,000 Level editor w/social playing - send levels to your friends!
$60,000 Local Multiplayer (Blobby, Jennifer, Other Blobs)
$70,000 BlubBlub code becomes open source!
BlubBlub: Quest of the Blob is a classic platformer featuring a li'l blub named BlubBlub.
Play the prototype created at camp: BlubBlub Demo
The game begins with BlubBlub dancing in a meadow, chasing butterflies and being its Blubby self, when BlubBlub encounters Jennifer, an evil scientist bent on building the world's greatest cosmetics empire.
Jennifer is out on a hunt to extract cuteness from anything and everything in sight to create the world's finest line of make up. It just so happens, BlubBlub is the cutest blub there ever was...
Prologue (Demo created at camp)
While BlubBlub is just beginning to warm up to a conversation, evil Jennifer captures an unsuspecting BlubBlub in her syringe (!)
After waking up in a cell-like room, BlubBlub discovers it must now parkour It's way out, while rescuing its bestfriend, Blobby, who isn't doing very well (labs...experiments.. you get the drift)
Act 2 (Demo created at camp)
Act 3 (Demo created at camp)
The game is divided into 4 unique Acts, with a minimum of 15 levels each. As you progress through the 4 Acts with increasingly challenging levels, you'll unlock super-powers, recruit allies, and gain experience that can be put towards character customization and upgrades!
'Spread Cuteness' Powerup: Fan art by Glory Dang.
If you have ever loved a classic platformer (the developers are big fans of Mario, Super Meat Boy!), then this is the game for you! Hop, Jump, Roll, Squeeze, Shoot, and Catapult your way to freedom!
Fan Art by Glory Dang!
BlubBlub: Quest of the Blob was designed and created by a talented group of middle school girls at the 3-week Girls Make Games summer camp in Boston, MA.
GMG Boston Campers at MIT! Can you spot the BlubBlubs?
GMG runs summer camps all over the country, and of the 32 games developed this summer in 10 cities, BlubBlub made it to the top 5 presenting at GMG's 3rd Annual Demo Day in Mountain View, CA.
Team BlubBlub presenting their game!
Team BlubBlub wowed the judges and audience with their wit, humor and clever game design, and their game won both Grand Prize and Best Mechanics Awards!
See what the judges had to say about BlubBlub!
"Don't be lulled by this game's charm and comedy, it will keep you on your blobby toes as you dodge hypodermic needles and jiggle away from evil Jennifer, who's coming to extract your cuteness for her nefarious cosmetics empire. The developers of this game created everything from scratch, from recording popping bags for SFX to mixing their own custom tracks. I can't wait to play the final version! "
-Theresa Duringer, Virtual Reality Developer. Creator, Canon Brawl
“I was so impressed with the passion displayed by this amazing group of girls! They not only created a great game they really jumped into all areas of development from coding, art, audio and SFX to game design. These girls show that you can Do IT ALL and Blob Blob needs to be a reality so that we can hear wonderful phrases like “Capture the cuteness” in our lives. Plus who doesn't need a blob blob sticker right now? Stop thinking and support this amazing project! I <3 BlubBlub!”
-Katie Stone-Perez, Sr. Program Manager, ID@Xbox
"It's great to see a new generation of developers tackle the platformer genre, and letting their game be just as demanding as those that came before it. Quest of the Blob tells a story that is as wacky as it is adorable, through unconventional characters and imaginative levels "-Jolie Menzel, Level Designer @ Ubisoft
"It's rare that you find a character this original, compelling and fun. I knew I needed to play BlubBlub the moment I saw it onscreen." -David Brevik, Game Industry veteran. Creator, Diablo.
"A challenging platformer with a great sense of humor and a provocative theme is something I can always get behind. I was especially struck by the eloquence and passion for the craft that these young developers demonstrated during their pitch presentation. Really looking forward to this one!"
-Anna Kipnis, Gameplay Programmer @ Double Fine Productions
Watch Team BlubBlub's Presentation on Demo Day (including Q&A with judges!)
Play the prototype created at camp: BlubBlub Demo
Most of the artwork you'll see on this page was created for the demo by the team (Adelle, lead artist) during their time at Girls Make Games 2016.
The team also composed some great tracks (led by Beatrix, currently in the Demo). Have a listen!
1. Warehouse/Lab Level
2. Prologue
3. Boss Battle
This Kickstarter will let the girls continue to work on the game, hire professional artists, musicians, and programmers, and publish a polished and complete version of their concept.
BlubBlub will be developed at LearnDistrict and published on Steam in summer 2017! (PC/Mac)
Check out the 2014 GMG Grand Prize Winner, The Hole Story, on Steam!
and the 2015 Grand Prize Winner, Interfectorem, out this Halloween!
Say hello to Team BlubBlub!
from left Adelle, Jordan, Beatrix and Manaira
Team BlubBlub with GMG founder and CEO, Laila Shabir!
Hi I'm Adelle and I'm the main artist for our game. I'm 13 and into all sorts of games including Minecraft, Splatoon, Super Mario Galaxy, and Super Meat Boy. As you can see in our demo, I made over a hundred art assets for our game in order to make it awesome. Just so you know though, you're gonna die when playing through our game... :P
Beatrix was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Her hobbies include reading, drawing,tasting gluten-free cuisine and narrating herself in third person. In Blub Blub: The Quest of the Blob, she worked mainly on the music but has a history of programming anything that moves. If she could be a game character, she would be Blobby, "because I really like the way he walks!” Her favorite video games are Minecraft, Splatoon and of course, the Quest of Blub Blub. Her favorite thing about making a game is that “you make tons of friends and get to play games 24/7, including testing your own!” Beatrix started her programming adventures with Scratch and code.org.
Hi, I'm Jordan Levine, and I am ten years old. If I were a blob, I would be just a random blue blob in the middle of nowhere, eating pizza and playing video games like Minecraft, Pokémon, Pokémon Go, and Legend of Zelda. I would also watch videos and pet my cats. My favorite part of making BlubBlub was making the concept art, because it was fun!
Manaira “Meme” is a Boston-native game enthusiast, choreographing whiz kid, and a prodigy programmer. Her favorite subjects are Math & Science - and of course, recess. Meme's favorite games to play are Slither, Banana Kong, and World Chef. Being a song-writer, dancer, game creator and “self-acclaimed” food critic, blends her computing and classical talents and gives her unique perspective. She programmed the crux of the project and worked as a producer along side her teammates. Her favorite part of "Girls Make Games" Camp was working closely with her teammates and counselor and of course testing their creation - BlubBlub: Quest of the Blob!
$5 BLUB BACKER!
A big thank you for believing in the Blubs! You'll be Credited in the final game, and receive a Digital Code of the game on release. You may purchase multiple (gift) copies by pledging a higher amount on the same tier!
$10 DIGITAL BLUB PATRON!
Everything above + Exclusive digital rewards: BlubBlub Wallpaper, BlubBlub Soundtrack, and Digital Artbook!
$20 BLUB LORE LOVERS!
Everything above + Exclusive Digital BlubBlub Lore Book! Find out how it all began…
$30 BLUBBILICIOUS CHAPSTICK!
Everything above + Blubbilicious chapstick! (Cruelty free, EWG approved. No cuteness extracted in the process!)
$50 WHAT TEAM ARE YOU ON?!
Everything above + Your choice of #TeamBlubBlub or #TeamJennifer t-shirt, Syringe Pen, BlubBlub Stickers, Official Poster, and GMG Pins!
$100 GMG AMBASSADOR!
Everything above + GMG Official t-shirt, GMG Ambassador Certificate and a large BlubBlub poster SIGNED by Blub developers!
$150 HUG A BLUB!
Everything above + your very own BlubBlub plush toy!
$200 GMG WORKSHOP SPONSOR & PIXEL FRIEND!
Everything above + Sponsor a scholarship for one girl to attend a GMG weekend workshop of your choice in 2017, PLUS get limited edition Personalized Pixel Art (digital) done by Glory Dang! (50 only)
$300 ORIGINAL HAND MADE ART!
All of the above + original handmade art! 3 commemorative medallion paintings with glossy protective resin finish.
$500 SCHOLARSHIP SPONSOR + BLOB SUPERPOWER!
Individual Level: Everything above + Sponsor a girl's tuition to attend a GMG camp, or 3 girls to attend a weekend workshop of your choice in 2017, PLUS design a Blob, complete with superpowers and character customization!
Corporate Level: Newsletter Mention in addition to above.
$1,000 GMG MEGA SPONSOR!
Individual Level: Everything above + Sponsor a girl's tuition to the Girls Make Games three-week camp of your choice in 2017.
Corporate Level: Newsletter mention + Get your name on our website!
$5,000 GMG SUPER-SPONSOR + IN GAME BOSS!
Individual Level: Everything above + Sponsor 5 scholarships for a three-week GMG camp of your choice in 2017. Get yourself into BlubBlub the game as a minion of Jennifer!
Corporate Level: Sponsor 5 scholarships for a three-week GMG camp of your choice in 2017. Newsletter mention + Logo on Website + Banner Logo placement at 10 camps of your choice.
$10,000 GMG ULTRA-SPONSOR!
Individual Level: Everything above + Bring GMG to your city! Sponsor a whole camp for 20 girls, AND join brainstorming session with the developers! You'll be a hero :)
Corporate Level: Bring GMG to your city! Sponsor a whole camp for 20 girls! Receive Media Mentions + Website Logo placement + Newsletter Placement for the whole year, and Logo on Banners at 20 camps.
Kickstarter Fees : $2,500
: $2,500 Music (Contractors): $2,500
(Contractors): $2,500 Art (Contractors): $7,500
(Contractors): $7,500 Programming (LearnDistrict Team): $12,500
Girls Make Games is a series of international summer camps, workshops and game jams designed to encourage girls to explore the world of video games. With the help of a growing list of partners like Xbox, Intel, the MIT Game Lab and so many others, we're determined to address the gender gap in the games industry, one camp at a time.
Emily's story is not unique. From being stereotyped to being ignored, it's hard work trying to combat the hostility that women - especially young women - face in video game communities these days.
One of the reasons we started Girls Make Games was to give burgeoning young developers in the face of these sometimes discouraging experiences the confidence and experience they'll need to pursue careers in video games or technology.
The more support we can get for programs like Girls Make Games, the more confident young women will feel about becoming developers - knowing that others like them are getting the recognition, encouragement, and support they need.
A special Thank You to all our industry partners and sponsors!
Let's be Friends!
The girls and team would be very thankful if you could help spread the news about this game development project on Twitter, Tumblr, Facebook, Instagram, or whichever social media network you prefer.
Please feel free to leave a comment on this Kickstarter, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter!!! We would love your feedback.
Next Year and BEYOND
We're so excited to share that as of this August, 929 girls that have gone through Girls Make Games summer camps + workshops around the world!
Some interesting stats:
#Cities: 38 US + international
#Events (camps/workshops): 61
New international cities this year (2016):
Lahore, Pakistan,
Sao Palo, Brazil
Berlin, Germany
London, UK
Al Ain, UAE
Montreal, Canada
For the first time ever, we're also launching an online curriculum this December that will be available for download at no cost. If you are an educator interested in running a GMG workshop please do not hesitate to get in touch at info@girlsmakegames.com!
Notable achievements:
ID@Xbox Rising Stars Award This was a very special year for GMG. Our very own graduates, The Negatives, won the Xbox Rising Stars Award at IGF this past March! We couldn't be more proud of them! Read more here: https://www.engadget.com/2016/03/19/girls-make-games-igf-future-interview/)
We were on TV! CNBC covered our Mountain View camp: http://www.cnbc.com/2016/08/04/girls-seeking-more-jobs-in-gaming-take-on-bro-culture.html
Who We Are
We are LearnDistrict, an indie studio based in San Jose, CA. We are committed to providing students with access to knowledge through our games and programs like Girls Make Games.
Tusko, one of the oldest and largest males of his species, is humanely euthanized
Asian elephant Tusko, one of the oldest and largest males of his species in North America, was humanely euthanized at the Oregon Zoo today after animal-care staff determined they could no longer help pain and mobility issues stemming from a decades-old leg injury.
A former circus elephant, Tusko traveled around the continent for many years before finding his forever home with Portland's elephant family in 2005. He was one of the largest bull elephants in the country, weighing around 13,000 pounds. At nearly 45 years old, he was also one of the oldest males of his species.
"Tusko was extremely intelligent and very gentle with female elephants and the young ones."
—Bob Lee, elephant curator
"This is a very sad day, especially for all the keepers and animal-care staff who have been close to Tusko through the years," said Bob Lee, zoo elephant curator. "The ten years Tusko spent at the Oregon Zoo was the longest period he'd ever stayed in one place. We're thankful we were able to give him a good home with our elephant family, and on a personal level I'm thankful I got the chance to know him."
Keepers described Tusko as a bold and confident elephant who loved to test his limits. His energy, strength and spirit are said to live on in the personalities of his two Oregon Zoo offspring, Samudra and Lily, as well as in the new Elephant Lands habitat, the design of which he helped inspire.
"Tusko was extremely intelligent and very gentle with female elephants and the young ones," Lee said. "They loved spending time with him, and he loved hanging out with the whole herd, which is not always the case with adult male elephants."
In 2012, an Oregonian feature on Oregon Zoo inhabitants approaching the end of life highlighted the ways keepers and veterinary staff cared for the elderly Tusko:
"Watch him walk and you might notice the 13,000-pound elephant frequently shift weight to his left side, which must help alleviate aggravation to a decades-old right rear foot injury... Keepers give him ibuprofen to help with swelling, Tramadol for pain, and treat him to hydrotherapy sessions, which include warm-water soaks, sometimes with Epsom salt. They massage his joints with high-intensity spray. They also ensure that Tusko, Packy and the other elephants exercise daily and keep their weight down, which — as anyone who's old and stiff knows — helps."
Thanks to a dedicated zoo staff and this combination of exercise, therapy and medication, Tusko did well for many years. But according to zoo veterinarian Tim Storms, these types of injuries tend to worsen over time.
"Tusko compensated for the old injury by placing more weight on his other legs," Storms said. "Instead of 13,000 pounds being distributed evenly over four legs, it was distributed over three, which puts a tremendous amount of pressure on the other limbs. Eventually, that burden reaches a tipping point and becomes too much."
This past week Tusko developed severe swelling and decreased flexibility of his right front foot, Storms said, resulting in his no longer being able to bear weight on that limb. Keepers reported he was lying down more frequently, having great difficulty getting up, and using his trunk to help support his weight.
"It was obvious he was in a great deal of pain," Storms said. "It was distressing to watch him trying to walk, and we felt we had run out of treatment options."
Physical therapy techniques and anti-inflammatory medications, even at increased dosages, were no longer easing Tusko's discomfort, and not wanting him to suffer, management and staff made the difficult decision to humanely euthanize him.
Tusko was born in Thailand around 1971, brought to Miami by an exotic animal importer in the early 1970s, and eventually sold to the Central Florida Zoo. Originally known as Sobik, he became that zoo's first elephant, acquired by then director Jack Hanna and named after local restaurateur John Sobik Jr., who funded the purchase.
After several years, it became apparent the tiny Florida zoo was not adequately staffed to care for a rapidly growing bull elephant, and in 1978 Sobik was acquired by renowned animal trainer and circus performer Rex Williams. Williams renamed the elephant Tusko, featuring him in shows with Circus Vargas through most of the 1980s.
Tusko, as his name implied, did have impressive tusks at one time, though he broke both prior to coming to the Oregon Zoo. The remaining portion of his left tusk became chronically infected late in life, and in the spring of 2007, he underwent two surgeries to remove it. Not all Asian elephants have tusks, and the poaching of elephants for their ivory has resulted in the "tusk gene" becoming increasingly rare.
As of today, Indiana will add a trio of recruits, James Blackmon Jr., Max Hoetzel and Robert Johnson, to next season's roster.
But with the recent decisions of Austin Etherington and Jeremy Hollowell to transfer, along with the departure of Noah Vonleh to the NBA and the midseason transfer of Luke Fischer, the Hoosiers still have three open scholarships for next season.
With the spring signing period beginning on Wednesday, here's a look at some of the names that remain on the board. Please note that school lists aren't necessarily all-inclusive, do not denote offers and that this list is in no particular order:
Josh Cunningham, Morgan Park (Ill.), 6-foot-7 forward
· Schools: Bradley, Creighton, DePaul, Indiana, Iowa State, Minnesota, South Carolina
· Notes: Cunningham took his fifth and final official visit to South Carolina over the weekend and is scheduled to announce his decision on Friday, April 18. Per a report over the weekend by Adam Zagoria, St. John's has come in with a late scholarship offer to Cunningham.
Marial Shayok, Blair Academy (N.J.), 6-foot-7 wing
· Schools: Indiana, La Salle, Marquette, Michigan, Minnesota, Notre Dame, Rutgers, West Virginia
· Notes: Shayok, who was signed with Marquette, received his release from his National Letter of Intent and is back on the market. According to reports, Shayok was offered by Indiana after receiving his release from the Golden Eagles.
Deng Deng, Lee College (Tx.), 6-foot-8 forward
· Schools: Arizona State, Baylor, Gonzaga, Houston, Indiana, LSU, Nebraska, Texas Tech
· Notes: All we know at this point regarding IU's interest in Deng is that the Hoosiers were reportedly in to visit him last week. Deng had surgery recently to repair a broken ankle, but is rated a four-star prospect and the fourth best junior college prospect by the 247Composite.
Ryan Anderson, Boston College transfer, 6-foot-9 forward
· Schools: Arizona, Indiana, Iowa State, New Mexico, San Diego State, Washington
· Notes: Anderson, who averaged 14.3 points and 7.3 rebounds, won't be eligible until the 2015-2016 season due to NCAA transfer rules and is going to use the time off to have shoulder surgery. Indiana was mentioned as a school involved in this update from the Washington 247Sports site.
Moses Ayegba, Georgetown transfer, 6-foot-9 center
· Schools: Indiana, Indiana State, LIU, Nebraska, Pepperdine, Rhode Island, Towson, Wichita State.
· Notes: As a graduate transfer, Ayegba, will be eligible immediately. He averaged 1.9 points and 2.8 rebounds last season at Georgetown. Over the weekend, Ayegba took an official visit to Nebraska.
Link Kabadyundi, Alma Academy (Montreal Quebec, Canada), 7-foot-1 center
· Schools: Buffalo, Fresno State, Georgia, Indiana, Oklahoma, Nebraska, New Mexico State, SMU, TCU, UNLV
· Notes: There's little out there on Kabadyundi, who was once committed to Albany. Hoops Hype Canada mentioned IU has expressed interest in a story last week.
(Photo credit: Worsom Robinson/For Sun-Times Media)
Filed to: Josh Cunningham, Marial Shayok
UPDATE 5/2/2014: The officialmovies blog is confirming our below exclusive story that The Weinstein Company is once again moving with
(Original story published on April 30, 2014.)
The boogeyman is real and will return on Halloween.
Some really brief news out of Cannes has Michael Myers being resurrected. Our sources on the Cannes stomping ground tell us exclusively that The Weinstein Company is once again looking to get Halloween 3D off the ground. We don't have the names of any writers or directors attached, although Todd Farmer and Patrick Lussier had previously been working on a screenplay. While we may be back at square one, at least the Weinstein brothers once again have Michael Myers on the brain.
It's unclear if this would be a re-remake, or another sequel to Rob Zombie's modern take.
John Carpenter's 1978 classic followed a psychotic murderer institutionalized since childhood for the murder of his sister, who escapes and stalks a bookish teenage girl and her friends while his doctor chases him through the streets.
The franchise has spawned nine sequels and made over $500M worldwide collectively at the box office.
What I chiefly remember about New York in the days just following 9/11 was how empty and silent it was. No one felt much like talking. They certainly didn't feel like shopping. For days afterward, at least on the Upper West side, the sidewalks were sparsely filled, which created an awkward situation. When you approached someone coming from the other direction--not someone you knew, just anyone--you felt a strong need to acknowledge the other person, their shared ownership in our joint tragedy. But what was appropriate? Not a smile, certainly. A wave felt awkward, a shrug, too blase. The other New Yorkers and I all seemed to settle on the nod. For a couple of days I walked the dog as if through the streets of a small but formal 19th century town, nodding gravely to everyone I met.
Eventually, this first shock wore off. People had to go shopping--on the afternoon of the 11th, a rumor had swept the uptown residential districts that firemen needed socks and sweatpants because it was wet and cold. My mother, like many loyal New Yorkers desperate for a concrete contribution, had taken all the socks in the house and bundled them off to the fire department on West 83rd street. (I later heard that the bewildered firemen had donated this strange bounty to some charity in Africa). We made do for a couple of days washing the socks that we'd had on, but eventually, we had to go to the store and buy new ones. Groceries needed to be laid in. Life went on.
I was going to write a long piece on what it was like to work at Ground Zero in the days immediately after the attacks. Perhaps someday I'll write that piece, but every time I started it this weekend, it felt false. What I wanted to write about was emptiness and silence. And what do you write about those things? Better writers than I have struggled with the impossibility of directly expressing an absence. The towers were there, hovering over every move you made downtown, and then they were not, but when they collapsed they left no impression behind them. There was just the sky, looking like the sky.
The shock, for New Yorkers was not just that they were gone, but how quickly we acclimated to the fact that they were gone. It wasn't like losing a tooth--there was no visual cue that something was missing. Your brain might remember that something was supposed to be there, but your eyes quickly forgot.
At ground level, there was the tangible reminder--that multistory shard jutting out of the smoking rubble that became one of the iconic images of 9/11. But somehow, that didn't make the absence any more real. I worked down at Ground Zero for a year, from shortly after the attack, to just after the first annual memorial. I stood right next to that monumental fragment when the ground was still smoking and firefighters were spraying it with hoses to keep the smoke and ash at bay. I smelled the odor that pervaded Ground Zero for weeks, maybe months--burning office fittings and damp embers. And yet in my deepest mind I didn't connect any of it with the buildings where I had worked on and off throughout the 1990s--even though I stood looking at it from the very familiar streets where I'd eaten lunch so many times. It didn't look like a building, or even the ruins of a building. It looked like a scene from a movie about the destruction of the World Trade Center. No matter how long I looked, some part of my brain never stopped waiting for the credits to roll.
As the rubble was cleared away, and all that was left was two concrete-lined holes in the ground, I spent a lot of time walking around the site trying to come to grips with what happened. I was waiting for that moment that always happens in the movies--the one where the music swells and the main character, silhouetted against a rolling sky, finally grasps everything that has been lost.
It never happened, maybe because I was not the main character. I am one of, I think, a relative few--the perhaps tens of thousands of Americans who can plausibly claim that 9/11 utterly changed their lives. Without 9/11, I would not have worked at the World Trade Center's disaster recovery effort; I would not have started blogging; I would not now be a journalist. I would not have had most of the relationships I had in the past ten years, be married to my current husband, or live in the city I now call home. I would be in all visible ways a completely different person if those towers had not come down. But in the story of 9/11, I am not even a bit player. I'm maybe an extra.
And yet, I'm not sure how much better I would understand the event if it had happened to me in some more important way. I don't think anyone can really grasp 9/11 in its entirety. The best we usually do is to look at what we were like before, and what we did afterwards. But this does not tell you what happened, or what it meant--any more than you can describe your 11th birthday by contrasting your 10th with your 12th. It is both too much and not enough.
What I eventually realized was that outside of movie plots, tragedies on this scale can never really be comprehended. The closest I came, I think, was a few weeks later, when I finished up teaching a Princeton Review class at Union Square, and headed to the train to go back downtown. The area near the station was plastered with "Have You Seen . . . ?" flyers, mostly of young people who had worked at places like Cantor Fitzgerald. The people who had made those posters had used whatever snapshots they had. The poses varied but they all had one thing in common--every one of the people in them looked happy. They were cuddling kittens, holding beers, showing off engagement rings, or just sitting on the steps and smiling. There were hundreds of them. Maybe thousands.
Ten minutes later, I was sitting on the train--they'd just gotten it running again--and the conductor announced "Chamber's Street". Automatically my brain filled in "Next stop, World Trade Center". But it wasn't--and I suddenly realized, never would be again. It wasn't much of an epiphany, but I hadn't been expecting it. I started crying. The people around me looked disgusted.
But the tears didn't change anything. They didn't even empty out whatever place one uses to store one's perfect mental map of all the stores and restaurants in the WTC's underground mall, or the curiously clinical tone of a classmate's voice as he described the bodies hitting the glass atrium above the winter garden at the World Financial Center. I cried, and then I got off the train and I got a cup of coffee from the relief tent near Trinity Church and went back to the trailer where I issued security badges to construction workers.
I didn't watch any of the memorials yesterday. I was surprised to find out how much grief I still felt about the buildings, the city I was born in, and the bodies that the construction workers tried so hard to keep us ladies from seeing. I couldn't bring myself to poke the wound. I went for a long walk early in the morning. I baked a cake. I ate dinner with my family.
And so I'm afraid I don't have any thoughts about the greater significance of the event. The stories that we tell ourselves about 9/11 are all in some way true, but they are also all limited--and they are almost always more about us than about the unimaginably complicated events of one perfect September day in 2001.
Sometime on that construction site, I lost my will to connect 9/11 to a larger narrative about anything. I gave up on catharsis. What I know is that there will always be a place in the sky where the towers ought to be, and that we will never be able to see it.
Once a month the amazing staff at 8th Dimension Comics selects a pile of the best new releases for us to peruse and judge. This month, we'll tell you what titles to look for that will be available on Free Comic Book Day on May 4.
Beware the Batman/Teen Titans Go Beware the Batman shows off a more kid-friendly version of the Dark Knight... Of course, any version of Batman that isn't done by Scott Snyder could be considered more kid-friendly. It's an energetic book that is a good intro for younger readers, and it doesn't skimp on good-paced action in the name of accessibility.
Teen Titans Go is more firmly in the range of children's lit, but remains fun for all that. The book comes with connect the dots and puzzles as well as profiles on the members of the team making it feel more like a DC-sponsored issue of Highlights than anything else.
Continue Reading
Flashback Best Comics of March: Lovecraft and the Horror of Growing Up Rating: 6 of 10
The Strangers: Taking place in an alternate Earth, The Strangers follow a trio of superpowered agents and their wheelchair bound leader as they fight a secret war beneath the Cold War. It's absolutely fantastic pulp fun that you will find yourself hooked by within the first page. Chris Roberson knows how to pen a damned good old-school adventure.
Rating: 7 of 10
Molly Danger/Princeless: Jamal Igle managed to turn his Kickstarter comic Molly Danger into a big success, and it's easy to see why. The spunky but pure-hearted girl hero hurtles herself into danger against and scientists and giant robots with a selfless fury that makes her a instantly likeable and incredibly cute.
Sharing the selection is the one and only Princeless, a fantasy book that turns every misogynistic fairy tale trope on its ears. Once again, Princess Adrienne and her half-dwarven friend Bedelia are set on ending the ridiculous practice of locking maidens in towers and ensuring a pointless patriarchy. It remains one of the best things in comics today. Rating: 9 of 10 Flashback Best Comics of February: Classic Doctor Who Returns and So Does... Vibe? Really?
Endangered Weapon B: David Tallerman and Bob Molesworth have created something so incredibly absurd you just can't help but take it deadly seriously. The book follows an adventuring professor, his engineering genius and prospective child bride Tilly, and an adorable bear in an mechanized suit as they seek the lost wing of the Library of Alexandria. It's got all the casual racism and sexism of early twentieth century boy's adventures, but tinged with a biting sarcasm and satire that makes it very enjoyable. You roll your eyes a lot in Endangered Weapon B, but you also can't put it down.
Rating: 8 of 10
Buck Rogers: In preparation for all-new Buck Rogers adventures, Hermes Press is giving out two vintage strips in book form from the mid 1930s. It's ridiculous, it's overblown, and it's great! Yes, the science and language are hokey coming up on a century later, but it's easy to see how such a character has inspired and endured for so long. Don't miss an easy chance to look back in comic history.
Rating: 7 of 10
Polarity #2: There are a couple of titles not being handed out for free on Saturday that you should still definitely pick up because they're awesome. The first is Polarity by Max Bemis of Say Anything believe it or not. The book mirrors Bemis' own struggles with bipolarity in the form of a hero who may have power, or may just be insane. It's... well, it's just brilliant the way good Sam Keith comics are brilliant. Bemis weaves a web of madness and strange perception and conspiracy theories that will go down as something special in comics.
Rating: 10 of 10
Vader's Little Princess: Jeffrey Brown finally has a sequel to Vader and Son, and it... is... ADORABLE! This time it's Vader taking on the joys of having a little girl in the form of a rebellious Leia, dealing with everything from skimpy outfits to impenetrable music to scruffy boyfriends, and every moment is worth the page turn. It is indispensible for the Star Wars parent.
Rating: 9 of 10
We had the honor of interviewing the creator of Princeless and if you're venturing out to for Free Comic Book Day check out our Top 10 Places to Buy Comics.
Jef With One F is a recovering rock star taking it one day at a time. You can read about his adventures in The Bible Spelled Backwards or connect with him on Facebook .
'Love Commandos' flock to protect widow whose husband died in suspected 'honour killing' after marrying her for love
They identify themselves as the true-blue defenders of true love, helping hapless lovers escape the wrath of their orthodox families and community members.
And now the novel crusaders known as Love Commandos have taken it upon themselves to protect a woman who fears she and her 18-month-old daughter are next on the hit-list of her family members after they allegedly killed her husband in a cold-blooded daylight attack last week.
Actor Aamir Khan (middle) with Love Commandos' chairman Sanjoy Sachdev (on his right) and chief co-ordinator Harsh Malhotra (on his left) on the sets of Satyamev Jayate
It was revealed on Monday how Abdul Hakim of Adoli village in Uttar Pradesh's Bulandshahr was gunned down last Thursday, in an alleged incident of honour killing. His wife Mehwish has alleged the murder was part of a conspiracy hatched by her family to punish the couple for marrying for love.
So, on Tuesday, over half a dozen Love Commandos reached Adoli to guard Mehwish (25) and her daughter Manteshan. A few more are expected to come in by Wednesday.
Abdul Hakim (left) of village Adoli in Uttar was gunned down last week. His widow Mehwish (right) has alleged the murder was an incident of honour killing
'Abdul is the first 'love martyr', who was under our protection. He feared for his life and I had asked him to think twice before returning to his village,' said Love Commandos chairman Sanjoy Sachdev, who had featured on the same Satyamev Jayate episode as Abdul.
'His death will not be in vain. I will return to Delhi to chalk out a strategy,' he added.
Meanwhile, eight-months pregnant Mehwish is still scared her that parents and brothers are out to kill her and her daughter.
'They are holding meetings at the local mosque every day decreeing death for couples who go for love marriage. The police have arrested two persons, Aasif and Sarwar. But Salman, who killed Abdul, is still at large.'
'People have seen him in the village. I have heard the police are trying to save him by portraying the incident as culpable homicide not amounting to murder,' she said.
'Sought details from UP'
The Centre on Tuesday said it was seriously considering a Constitutional amendment to deal with honour killings, as it sought a report from the UP government on Abdul Hakim's murder.
MoS (home) RPN Singh said: 'We have already asked the state government to send us details of the killing. This is something that the government has taken up seriously.'
Under scrutiny: MoS (home) RPN Singh (pictured) has stated that a panel headed by the finance minister is deliberating on how to amend the Honour Killings Act
Singh said the government is trying to amend the Constitution to deal with incidents of honour killings in the country.
'The matter is already pending with the EGoM,' he said, adding that the panel headed by the finance minister is deliberating on how to amend the Honour Killings Act, which dates back to 1860.
Remember the 650,000 plastic balls that Dupont Underground volunteers salvaged from a National Building Museum exhibit in September? They're finally being put to use.
The underground art space today announced a design competition called “Re-Ball” to repurpose the plastic spheres.
The competition tasks local artists, architects, designers and members of the public with conceiving a design “that engages and responds to the unique qualities of the Dupont Underground's east platform, a massive, curving, 14,000-square-foot venue.”
According to the contest website, “the winning entry should be thoughtful, provocative, witty, safe, and executable on a limited budget, in a limited time frame, and within the confines of the site.”
Dupont Underground director Braulio Agnese said the door is open for “everything from a performance piece to somebody slicing them in half and papering the entire space with them.”
Entries needn't use all 650,000 balls, Agnese said. But he added that the designs should at least prominently display them.
“We're not doing any ball pits,” Agnese said. “But the whole point is, we've got a lot of plastic balls and we've got a lot of space. I think it's an opportunity for something pretty unusual.”
Entries will be judged by a jury composed of Dupont Underground founder Julian Hunt; the executive director of the National Building Museum; a senior curator of modern and contemporary art at The Phillips Collection; several architects and a local artist.
The winner will be announced on March 21. Members of the public will be able to view the winning installation several days a week between April 30 through June 1.
Photo courtesy of Dupont Underground
A partially sighted British pensioner has had his central vision partially restored for the first time in nearly a decade after he received a "bionic eye".
The 80-year-old man is the world's first patient with advanced dry age related macular degeneration or AMD to undergo the procedure.
AMD is the most common cause of sight loss in the developed world with between 20 and 25 million sufferers worldwide.
Manchester man Ray Flynn's central vision has been deteriorating for the past eight years as a result of untreatable AMD, leaving him with just peripheral vision and affecting his quality of life.
Last month he received a retinal implant during a four-hour operation.
It converts video images captured by a miniature camera in his glasses into a series of electrical impulses transmitted wirelessly to electrodes on the surface of the retina.
The pulses stimulate the retina's remaining cells resulting in the corresponding perception of patterns of light in the brain, which the patient learns to interpret in order to regain some visual function.
Since his system was turned on three weeks ago, Mr Flynn can now make out the outline of people and objects, even with his eyes closed.
130 patients worldwide with the rare disease retinitis pigmentosa have already successfully used the bionic implant.
However, this is the first time a patient with peripheral vision has received one, making it the first known case of a human having combined natural and artificial sight.
Tailgating driving RACQ members crazy
If the sight of another car right behind your rear bumper bar makes you feel unnerved or irritated, you're not alone.
RACQ recently conducted a survey to identify the driving habits of most concern to its 1.2 million members across Queensland.
Motorists following too closely – or “tailgating” – headed the list of frustrations experienced by members, whose top 10 complaints were:
1. Tailgating
2. Drivers who speed up when being overtaken
3. Littering
4. Hand held mobile phone use (topped the poll when it was last conducted in 2009)
5. Incorrect use of indicators
6. Aggressive behaviour
7. Lack of courtesy
8. Failure to move over to allow others to overtake
9. Blocking of intersections
10. Turning from the wrong lane.
Do you agree with the top 10? Jump on facebook to tell us what peeves you off when you're on the road. Or you can send an email to clubnews@racq.com.au
It is not the first time tailgating has emerged as a key concern – it has topped the list all of the Club's previous surveys, except in 2009 when it was fifth.
RACQ Senior Road Safety Advisor, Joel Tucker, said motorists who tailgated were endangering themselves and other motorists as they were increasing the likelihood of a crash if they needed to stop suddenly.
“The survey indicated that members are concerned about a lack of courtesy and aggressive behaviour shown by motorists,” Mr Tucker said.
“Increasing speed when being overtaken, using hand-held mobile phones while driving, and incorrectly using indicators are more than just irritating behaviours. They are dangerous practices that break the law and increase the risk of a crash.”
To combat tailgating and other concerning driver behaviours identified by members, RACQ is calling for increased on-road police presence to enforce basic road rules.
“While education activities in relation to sharing the road and courteous driving behaviour have a part to play, the RACQ believes that on-road police patrols should be increased to help combat what appears to be a growing disregard for road rules,” Mr Tucker said.
“Every motorist has a responsibility to drive safely and legally and respect others on the road. Taking care and paying attention at all times while driving could save your life.”
Share this on Facebook or Twitter by clicking on the share buttons below.
He got the text in the middle of treating patients. He was needed in the morning — and so was his dark blue 2002 Jeep Wrangler.
Brian Bickerton had a packed schedule at his New Port Richey chiropractic office that day. But he told his assistant to rearrange his schedule.
Instead of pulling into his office parking space on April 6, Bickerton slid into the beige driver's seat of his Jeep and headed for the woods of north Hillsborough County.
There he joined a team of Jeep owners who would spend the day tearing through muddy trails to help search for a teen girl who had been missing for more than a week.
"Usually when the Sheriff's Office is telling people to get out of an area," Bickerton said, "that's when we're coming in."
That's because Bickerton and his fellow Jeep owners can go where few else can. The Volunteer Jeep Search and Rescue Unit of the Pasco County Sheriff's Office's brings off-road enthusiasts together to help first-responders reach otherwise impassable terrain.
The volunteer unit was formed in January to conduct search-and-rescue missions or offer aid in emergencies and disasters. They've worked in the Tampa Bay region but are ready to go across the state if needed.
Their first mission in April was to help recover the remains of a 17-year-old teen who had gone missing in Flatwoods Wilderness Park north of Tampa. Then on May 19 they were sent to the woods in New Port Richey to search for a missing 70-year-old man.
"Jeepers are amazing," said the unit's coordinator, Pasco sheriff's Col. Arthur Madden. "They want to help and they want to get out there."
• • •
The unit was the solution to an age-old Pasco problem: How can deputies maneuver through large swaths of woods, flood-prone areas and other kinds of rough, inaccessible terrain in a wide-open county?
The solution? Jeeps. The iconic 4x4 of World War II that is as popular as ever with off-roading enthusiasts today.
Volunteers have long been used by local law enforcement for a variety of duties: neighborhood watches, helping citizens, taking calls, directing traffic, helping with mounted horse units. However, there wasn't much precedent for getting citizens to volunteer their private vehicles to help a specific law enforcement agency.
That's why Pasco's Jeep unit is so rare. Madden believes it is the only agency-affiliated one in the state, and it is one of the few in the country, joining off-road search-and-rescue units in states such as Arizona, Oregon, Washington and Utah.
Sheriff's officials expected the program would take time to get started. Six months and 30 volunteers later, the program has already exceeded those expectations.
"We thought it would take a year to do that," said Rick Cochran, the director of crime prevention and community engagement at the Pasco County Sheriff's Office.
The unit quickly went from idea to reality, Madden said, because of the passionate nature of the volunteers.
To join, applicants must have the proper insurance, be able to pass a criminal background check, have the time to train — and, of course, a Jeep 4x4. From there everything else is donated, such as gas and supplies. The Sheriff's Office's own Jeep was donated by the Ferman Automotive Group.
The group was also trained in first aid, CPR, and Community Emergency Response Team, or CERT training, which teaches basic disaster response skills to prepare them for situations they may face.
They also tackle obstacle courses together to practice maneuvering in their Jeeps, and to build team camaraderie.
During a recent exercise on June 24, the volunteers tore through muddy ditches, climbed over steep hills and motored single-file through the woods behind Safety Town, a miniature city in Shady Hills used by the Pasco County Sheriff's Office to educate children on safety.
These exercises gave the thrill-seeking volunteers the chance to push the limits of their vehicles.
Lonnie Redmon, a Pinellas County Sheriff's Office sergeant who volunteers with the Pasco team in his spare time, tried to plow his Jeep through a shallow pool at the bottom of a trench. He inched his tires along the mucky bottom until his cab started filling with water. Then he decided to back out of it.
But even if he had trapped himself in there, someone in his unit would have been ready to hook his Jeep to theirs and pull him out. Trying and failing is all part of the Jeep driver's mentality. It's an invaluable part of the unit's team building exercises.
"The saying out here is if you don't get stuck or break something then you weren't playing hard enough," Bickerton said.
• • •
The volunteers come from a variety of backgrounds: Several have spent time in the military or law enforcement; one teaches school bus drivers; another works in a funeral home.
They heard about the group through advertisements and word of mouth, but one thing drew them all together:
"There's nothing better than being able to help somebody," Bickerton said.
Bickerton served in the Air Force reserves in the 1990s and worked on search-and-rescue missions, often responding to plane crashes. He had long desired to return to that kind of work. Then in August 2015 he was diagnosed with stage 4 tonsil cancer. He started thinking of ways he could give back to society.
Then he heard about the Jeep unit. He looked at his Wrangler, which hadn't seen much action outside of a parking lot, as a way he could do that. Six months after treatment, his cancer in remission, he volunteered for Jeep duty. Now he's one of two team leaders.
Jim Campbell, a former Hillsborough County sheriff's deputy and current unit member, said the unit has quickly gained respect. He's seen firsthand the gaps between civilians and law enforcement when they have to work together on assignments like the one in Hudson. But the Jeep unit has been a different story, Campbell said, and he thinks that's because of their mission.
"We weren't there to twiddle our thumbs," he said. "We were out there to physically do something."
Times senior news researcher John Martin contributed to this story. Contact Chris Bowling at [email protected] or at (813) 435-7308. Follow @chrismbowling.
It sounds like a line from "Twin Peaks," but it's actually the conclusion of a study published in Nature Communications: Ravens are able to figure out when food-thieving rivals might be lurking, and they react accordingly. This neat behavior could mean that the birds possess so-called Theory of Mind — an ability to predict the mental state of another animal (or in other words, to theorize that this other animal has a mind), which is one of the defining traits of humans and closely related primates.
It's one thing to demonstrate that a bird can react to another bird's actions. If one raven sees another watching its cache of food, it's probably going to try to hide the treasures. But what happens if the raven knows another bird is in the area, but doesn't see it gazing toward the secret stash? Will the hoarding raven still act the same way?
[New study asks why birds fall in love]
In the weeks leading up to the experiment, the birds were allowed to use peepholes to spy on each other, so they learned that the tiny holes provided enough of a view to spot food stashes. When the experiment began, researchers played auditory cues to signal the presence of a bird in the next cage, even though the subject was actually alone. When the peephole was open, the ravens guarded their food as if they had a clear view of another bird watching them. But when they heard the same sounds from a competitor when the peephole was shut, they carried on with business as usual.
According to lead author Thomas Bugnyar, of the University of Vienna, the results could mean that the birds were relying on their own experiences as peeping thieves to imagine the possible actions of others. They knew whether or not the false raven had the ability to spy on their food, because they'd used the peepholes themselves.
“This strongly suggests that ravens make generalizations based on their experience and do not merely interpret and respond to behavioral cues from other birds,” Bugnyar told the Guardian.
[What can nervous chickens teach us about schizophrenia? A geneticist weighs in.]
The question of how non-human animal consciousness works is as much about philosophy as it is about animal behavior. If a raven is able to guess how its companion might behave based on its own experiences, is it just a really smart bird? Or is there some deeper kind of cognition happening — one that pushes the boundaries of what we expect in non-primates?
"It could change our perception of human uniqueness, that we share some of that ability not just with chimpanzees and closely related species but also with a very different species," co-author Cameron Buckner, assistant professor of philosophy at the University of Houston, said in a statement. "Finding that Theory of Mind is present in birds would require us to give up a popular story as to what makes humans special, but completing this evolutionary and developmental picture will bring us much closer to figuring out what's really unique about the human mind," he said.
There's more to these findings than just lofty philosophical quandaries, though: If ravens really do possess a level of social cognition comparable to humans and other large primates, the birds might serve as better animal models to study this kind of behavior in the lab – which could help scientists understand why some humans are better at this kind of inference than others, and why some individuals can't manage it at all.
Read More:
These parrots use ingenious tools – to make their puke more nutritious for mates
Chimp that attacked a drone with a stick planned ahead, researchers say
These birds actually ‘tap dance' to attract mates
Can mammogram-reading pigeons help train human radiologists? An animal behaviorist weighs in.
Yawning budgies can make other budgies yawn too, study suggests
Cameras capture never-before-seen footage of wild crows building tools
Trees are the winner in the Landscape Photographer of the Year 2011 prize -- and what a stunning stand of trees they are.
Photographed in Scotland, this isolated, winter scene was chosen from thousands of entrants. Perhaps highlighting that the UK is an island, the wind and the sea figured boldly in several images.
This windy and evocative photo Rocquaine Bay During a Winter Storm, was taken in Guernsey in the Channel Islands. It won the Classic View category.
The awards were set up by Take a View, a photography prize created by a noted British landscape photographer. They are a way to record the landscape of the UK for now and the future and capture images that symbolise the land and the times. The winners show the beauty and variety of the landscape and the diversity of the country.
Network Rail is one of the sponsors, so here is the train winner: A very dramatic view titled Tay Rail Bridge at Dusk, Dundee, by Shahbaz Majeed of Dundee. The photo was winner of the Network Rail ‘Lines in the Landscape' category.
Here's one for the boaters: Round the Island, from Hurst Castle, Hampshire, by Baxter Bradford, winner of the 'Living the View' category.
And for the artsy crowd: Armchair, London, by Oscar Stewart-Packe for 'Young Landscape Photographer of the Year 2011' category.
More on Photography Prizes
Wildlife Prize Winning Photo is a Fake
American Photographers Win the Prix Pictet 2011
Nadav Kander is Winner of Prix Pictet Photography
– UPDATE: The Minnesota Department of Revenue announced it is once again accepting e-filed returns from Turbo Tax
The Minnesota Department of Revenue has stopped accepting tax returns from one of the most popular online programs.
They're worried about potential fraud targeting TurboTax.
“[We] do not take this step lightly,” the department said in a conference call Thursday evening.
The state heard from two Minnesota taxpayers who logged into Intuit's TurboTax and found that a return had already been filed in their name. When they checked other returns filed using TurboTax, they found what they're calling “potentially fraudulent activity.”
There was a problem in 2013 where people had trouble filing with TurboTax. Those were software problems that were causing errors in filing. The Department of Revenue says this is different.
“Our priority is maintaining the security of private taxpayer data and preventing fraudulent activity within our system,” the department said in a statement. “We have sophisticated technology in place to safeguard private taxpayer information.”
More details were not available about what they think is happening or the magnitude of the problem, but they are checking any TurboTax returns that have already been filed.
The department describes TurboTax as “one of the largest vendors that they see for individual income tax filing.”
So far, 267,000 people have filed their returns in Minnesota. That's about 10 percent of what they expect this year. They department is looking at about 2,000 TurboTax returns right now. It's also hearing about potential problems in other states.
Tax professionals can continue to file using Intuit products Lacerte, Intuit Online and Pro Series. Those are only for professionals, not individuals.
Intuit is opening up a help line Friday morning at 8 a.m. The number is 1-800-944-8596.
LaRoche Jackson watched last week's game between the Jacksonville Sharks and San Jose SaberCats as a fan from the grandstands. He wore a Sharks cap and cheered for the same team that released him two years ago.
When Sharks play Las Vegas Friday night at the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena, Jackson will have a better seat as a newly signed defensive back for the struggling team.
Kickoff is 8 p.m.
"I wasn't happy," Jackson said of a 68-48 loss to San Jose. "We were right there to make a play on defense. It's not like the guys can't make a play. They just didn't do it."
Sharkaritaville: Sharks vs San Jose Sabrecats photos
After being released by Las Vegas early this season, Jackson called Sharks coach Les Moss before last week's game. This week Moss brought him back to the team where he spent two successful seasons, including the team's AFL championship in 2011.
Jacksonville clearly needs a spark after starting the season at 0-4. Jackson, however, is more interested on the positive aspects of the season - even if they aren't always easy to find.
"We missed extra points and lost the first two games by one point," Jackson said. "We've been in position to make plays the last two games. We just need to make a play, especially on defense. We're not far off.
"Look, Philadelphia started last year with three losses and they made the playoffs. It's an 18-game season. There's a long way to go. Stay positive. Stay with us."
The Sharks defense has struggled to stop any offense. The team has made just four stops - all on turnovers - this year and opponents are 6 for 7 against them on fourth down, including three for touchdowns.
And while Jacksonville has given up a league-high 237 points, Jackson was relieved to find a locker room that hasn't lost its edge.
"There is intensity in the locker room," he said. "You can see these guys are tired of losing. Every one of us has been on a winning team before. This week will be different."
The visiting Outlaws (2-1) have some familiar faces. Former Sharks quarterback Aaron Garcia, who led Jacksonville to its championship, is the head coach and former Jacksonville co-owner and legendary rocker Vince Neil owns the expansion team.
The Sharks continue to have plenty of firepower on offense. Quarterback Tommy Grady (1,169 yards, 21 touchdowns) is ranked third in the league, while fullback Derrick Ross (148 yards, 8 TDs) and wide receiver Tiger Jones (605 yards, 10 TDs) are ranked first.
"We're going to be fine," Jackson said. "I'm not saying that because I'm here. I'm saying that because this is a good team and I can see everyone's commitment to winning.
"So relax. We'll be fine."
The announcement on Tuesday that Ohio State quarterback Braxton Miller will miss the season after re-injuring his throwing shoulder should have set off alarm bells at Schembechler Hall. That's right: Michigan must be on high alert.
Consider the reaction to the Miller news: The Big Ten is doomed, fuhgeddabout the playoff .... Well, maybe Michigan State will save the league. ... Or Wisconsin, with that easy schedule. ... Is Iowa a dark horse? ... What about Nebraska?
No one mentioned the Maize and Blue.
If a similar Big Ten calamity had occurred 10 years ago, 20 years ago, 60 years ago, there would be a standard response: Don't worry, there's still Michigan.
Miller's injury underscores the urgency for Michigan to rise. And the Big Ten needs Michigan now more than ever.
"We definitely can and we definitely need to get back up to that level," said Marlin Jackson, a former two-time All-American cornerback at Michigan and a co-captain in 2004, the most recent Wolverines team to win a Big Ten title. "Not only for the sake of Michigan football, but for the sake of the Big Ten Conference."
To continue reading, click here.
TORONTO – Thousands of Muslims from across North America and beyond are expected in Toronto this weekend to attend the Annual “Reviving the Islamic Spirit” Convention (RIS).
The convention, one of the largest gatherings of Western Muslims, will be marking its 16th Anniversary this year.
Themed ‘Finding Stability in a World Out of Balance,' the convention is set to run from Friday, December 22nd through Sunday, December 24th at the Metro Toronto Convention Center in the heart of downtown Toronto.
Convention attendees will come to listen to leading Islamic scholars, academics, and motivational speakers, meet and mingle with fellow Muslims, and discuss matters of faith and contemporary issues.
“It will be a timely discussion on many challenges faced by us collectively and, in-shaa-Allah, find answers to,” said RIS in a release.
“It will be a hopeful and positive response, one that will uplift our soul, inspire our heart and revive our spirit.”
RIS is “more than just a convention, it's a place where a thriving community comes together with an open arms invitation to people from all faiths and walks of life to come and celebrate humanity and share a message of mercy.”
The “Reviving the Islamic Spirit” convention was first launched sixteen years ago by Muslim youth to tackle the backlash on Islam and Muslims after 9/11, and to build a bridge of understanding with non-Muslims.
The event has become a staple in Toronto's downtown core events during the Christmas holiday season and an estimated 20,000 attendees are expected from all over North America and around the world, adding a boost to the local economy.
“Reviving the Islamic Spirit convention is an attempt by the youth to help overcome new challenges of communication and integration,” said the organizers.
“The convention aims to promote stronger ties within the North American society through reviving the Islamic tradition of education, tolerance and introspection, and across cultural lines through points of commonality and respect.”
“To help attain these ideals, the convention will feature a wide range of voices from various parts of the world.”
Galaxy of Speakers
This year's presenters include an impressive list of world-renowned scholars and speakers such as Maulana Tariq Jameel, Dr. Abdal Hakim Murad, Dr. Umar F. Abd Allah, Shaykh Hamza Yusuf, Dr. Yasir Qadhi, Imam Zaid Shakir, Ustad Ubaydullah Evans, Shaykh Sulaiman Mulla, Dr. Hatem Bazian, Imam Mohamed Magid, Imam Khalid Latif, Dr. Abdal Hakim Jackson, Usatdha Ieasha Prime, Ustadha Yasmin Mogahed, Shaykh Abdul Nasir Jangda, Imam Yasir Fahmy, Wajahat Ali, Sr. Salma Yaqoob, Mehdi Hasan, Shaykh Muhammad Ninowy, Dr. Aisha Al-Adawiya, Maryum Ali, Dr. Mona Hassan, Mahmud Abdul-Rauf, Dawud Wharnsby Ali, Qari El-Zain Mohammed Ahmed, Ustadh Yahya Rhodus, Imam Sulaiman Hamed, and Dr. Ali Ataei.
“The convention showcases Islamic leadership from across the globe sharing a common platform before the widest cross-section of our community,” stated RIS.
“This program hopes to empower the youth across North America and inspire a true revival.”
The Premier of Ontario, Kathleen Wynne, and the two provincial opposition leaders, NDP leader Andrea Howarth and PC leader Patrick Brown will also be addressing the convention.
A bustling grand bazaar will be a major feature during the three-day event showcasing products, as well as charities and services from around North America and the Muslim world.
The convention will also host an Appreciation Dinner on Friday, December 22nd to honor the visiting scholars and speakers. Dignitaries, community leaders, and political and civic leaders are expected to attend the elegant dinner event.
A parallel children's program runs every day of the event and a food and coat drive to assist the needy in the Greater Toronto Area will be held.
Canada is one of the world's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations with a population of 35 million.
Muslims are the fastest growing religious community in Canada, according to the country's statistical agency, Statistics Canada. Canada's Muslim population increased by 82 percent over the past decade to more than 1 million in 2011. Muslims now represent 3.2 percent of Canada's total population.
You may also like to read:
While I wait for the restoration of Internet connectivity at my place after returning from Italy, I'm forced to leave all my awesome videos (like this one of the view from the clock tower in Brisighella or this other one of a horse-drawn carriage ride in a nature reserve in Savio) of Emilia-Romagna on my computer, lest I jam up the connection for everyone else in this cafe with large uploads.
I don't want to be that guy.
Anyway, I've been reminiscing about all the great moments I had in Emilia-Romagna as a part of BlogVille. There are so many reasons to visit this beautiful region in Italy; here are my top five.
1. Food
A huge majority of Italy's most delicious exports originate from Emilia-Romagna. There's Modena's balsamic vinegar, the great cheeses of Parma, prosciutto, lasagne, ravioli, tagliatelle al ragù (oddio!), Sangiovese wine and the amazing piadina. Along the coast, fresh seafood is in abundance, often served as a mixed platter of fried goodness. In short, it's impossible not to get a little grasso here.
That's Italian for “fat.”
2. Fairy Tale Towns
It only takes a short train or bus ride to get from one idyllic town to the next. Many cities, like Pennabilli, Brisighella or Santarcangelo di Romagna offer panoramic views from their highest points. Others, like Verucchio, feature amazing castles that seem to come straight out of fairy tales.
3. Street Fairs
I was fortunate enough to experience three large town festivals during my two weeks in Emilia-Romagna: Pennabilli's Artisti in Piazza, the Palio di Ferrara and La Notte Celeste in Bagno di Romagna. During the latter, we met the president of the tourism board of Emilia-Romagna, were interviewed by the Italian press (I responded in Italian, guys!) and were invited on stage in front of the entire town to say hello.
Needless to say, that was one of the greatest experiences of my trip; a huge honor.
4. Unbelievable Cultural Attractions
While pretty much all of Italy is a hotbed for culture, Emilia-Romagna offers its own unique offerings. It was in Savignano sul Rubicone where Caesar “crossed the Rubicon,” Ravenna served as the capital of the Western Roman Empire before its decline, and the famous Gothic Line of World War II passed straight through Rimini where a great battle was fought between the Allied and Axis forces.
A favorite of mine was the Basilica di San Vitale in Ravenna. The mosaics were simply breathtaking. Even compared to all the churches I saw in Rome, this one really stood out.
5. The Great Outdoors
I have to admit that nature and active life weren't high on my list of things to do in Italy, however Emilia-Romagna really offers something for everybody, whether it's hiking through the Apennines or biking down the official Ferrari race track. My favorite outdoor activity, however, was the grueling task of enjoying a Spritz on the warm Rimini beach.
La dolce vita davvero.
Image copyright Alamy Image caption An enormous population of wallabies calls King Island in the Bass Strait home
Last year, 83,000 wallabies were culled on Australia's King Island, and 30,000 were shot by a single man, writes Paul Carter.
Depending on who you talk to, there's anywhere between 500,000 and one million wallabies on the 1,100sq km (424 sq mile) King Island, which is 64km long, 26km wide and has a human population of just 1,600.
The lush, rolling pastures that feed the island's acclaimed beef and dairy cattle also support this extraordinary population of Bennett's wallaby, which feast by night while resting and breeding by day in their coastal scrub fortresses.
"It's just a perfect breeding ground for them," says the island's sharpshooter Shane Keeler who last year claimed 30,000 kills at A$3 ($2.3; £1.60) a pop.
He co-ordinates the Tasmanian government's Wallaby Management Program on the island.
"I was talking to an old bloke who lives down south and he said, 'back when I was a boy we'd be lucky to get 10 wallabies' and now you could go out and shoot four or five hundred in a night."
Image copyright Paul Carter Image caption King Island sharpshooter Shane Keeler teaches farmers how to cull wallabies efficiently
The programme allows for a virtually perpetual open season on hunting the Bennett's wallaby to control their numbers. It also coaches culling technique and supports the rollout of wallaby fencing.
But animal welfare activists say kangaroos and wallabies, demonised as expendable vermin, are commonly subjected to abhorrent treatment.
"It's the largest land-based wildlife slaughter in the world," said Elise Burgess, spokeswoman for Voiceless, an animal welfare think tank focused on the commercial slaughter of kangaroos.
"Australian Bureau of Statistics figures show that over the last 30 years, 90 million kangaroos and wallabies have been commercially slaughtered. That's animals just killed for processing."
Ms Burgess said the slaughter method was largely self-regulated, involving many non-professional shooters as likely to wound an animal as kill it instantly with a bullet.
Voiceless urges research on fertility control and the establishment of nature corridors over lethal methods.
'Drop them properly'
Government guidelines call for a brain-shot instant death with in-pouch joeys either decapitated or killed with a blow to head.
Image copyright Lort Smith Animal Hospital Image caption Animal welfare activists say acts of cruelty against kangaroos and wallabies are relatively common
Wounded kangaroos, if they can be accessed, must be killed without delay.
Mr Keeler says he'll kill 70 or 80 wallabies straight with one shot each before he wounds one.
"Anyone who says they get 100% is [lying]," he says.
But the guidelines are largely self-regulated.
"I've got a commercial wallaby license. So I'm able to shoot and sell the product and I have a bloke that comes over from the department," Mr Keeler says.
"We'd shoot 30 or 40 and he'd check to see how I'm shooting them, making sure you are dropping them properly.
"But just with the normal farmers and their shooting they are just left to themselves."
That's where the Wallaby Management Program could be helpful.
While he shoots freelance, Mr Keeler also educates farmers and their hands on fencing, shooting and spotlighting techniques to increase the cull's efficiency and save their pastures from the wallabies.
"One thing I tell them is not to shoot them from a long distance. They are pretty quiet over here so you can drive right up to them. The closer you get to them the more percentage you are going to shoot," he says.
Slaughter at scale
The state of Victoria last year more than doubled its annual commercial kill quota of eastern grey kangaroos to 169,488 after starting a pet food trial, extended recently to 2018.
In 2014, New South Wales (NSW) allowed a commercial kangaroo kill quota of 2,388,424 from five species with an estimated population of 15,330,399.
In 2012, 5,249,678 kangaroos were killed for commercial processing in NSW, Queensland, South Australia, and Western Australia.
California this year reinstated a ban on kangaroo products, meat, pet food and leather, ending a 2007 moratorium on the ban first imposed in 1971 on animal welfare grounds.
The island native said about 8,000 of the 83,000 wallabies were processed on the island for either human consumption or lobster bait.
The rest were mostly left to rot, helped by a thriving crow population that locals said were also stealing balls from the fairways of a new golf course on the island.
'De-facto fertiliser'
Image copyright Russell Scott Image caption King Island lies in the Bass Strait between the Australian states of Tasmania and Victoria
A leading golf magazine this year rated Cape Wickham Links as Australia's third-best golf course and the 24th best in the world.
But Mr Keeler said he was expecting a call soon from the golf club after he made a recent visit.
"There would be 400 wallabies up there," he said, which leave faeces "everywhere".
"It's going to be a problem I'd say."
But the course's Melbourne-based owner Duncan Andrews said the animals weren't a major issue.
The fairway mowers mulched the droppings into powder, turning them into a "de-facto fertilizer".
Image copyright PAul Carter Image caption The owner of the exclusive Cape Wickham golf course says wallabies are not a major problem there
He said only about 100 wallabies were jumping his perimeter wallaby fence.
"They seem to reside near three fairways - eighth through ten," he said.
"The only problem we have with the wallabies is that they are a danger to motor vehicles driving between the airport and Cape Wickham, particularly at night."
Broncos CB Aqib Talib says that if the team puts in the same amount of work as it did last season, there is no reason it can't repeat its Super Bowl win. (2:34)
Von Miller has seemingly been everywhere since the team's win in Super Bowl 50, including a spot on "Dancing With The Stars,'' but one of his teammates believes the linebacker will be at the Denver Broncos' complex next Monday when the team opens its offseason conditioning program.
Miller has not directly addressed his status for the team's offseason program, but cornerback Aqib Talib said Monday that Miller told him he intended to be in attendance.
"I think that he's going to be there on the 18th,'' Talib said Monday in a phone interview. "The last time I talked to him, he was going to be on his way to Denver on the 18th with everybody else.''
The Broncos placed the exclusive franchise player tag on Miller to keep him out of unrestricted free agency. The tag comes with a one-year guaranteed tender worth the average of the salaries of the highest-paid players in the league at the position.
In Miller's case, it is a one-year deal worth just over $14 million. Miller would have to sign the tender to participate in the Broncos' offseason program when it begins with conditioning-only workouts next Monday.
The last two position players who the Broncos used the tag on -- tackle Ryan Clady and wide receiver Demaryius Thomas -- skipped the team's offseason work before each signed a new long-term deal just before the next training camp opened.
Aqib Talib, left, said he expects Von Miller, center, to be in attendance for the start of the Broncos' offseason program next Monday. Patrick Smith/Getty Images
"But I don't think Von's mad about that franchise tag at all,'' Talib said. "He's confident in himself, that a good deal will happen one way or the other, whether it's this year or whether it's next year.''
Whether Miller can actually join his teammates remains to be seen. He would be scheduled for another "Dancing With The Stars'' show, in Los Angeles, on April 18th if he advances to the next round. But Talib reaffirmed Monday that Miller had expressed his intention to be at the team's offseason workouts.
Miller and his representatives have had talks about the long-term deal as executive vice president of football operations/general manager John Elway has said he would like to put together a long-term contract for one of the team's cornerstone players.
The talks, which Miller has repeatedly said he expected to be "peaceful,'' will center around guaranteed money in a deal that will put Miller at, or near, the top of the league's pay scale for defensive players.
The Broncos' initial offers have been for deals that average $18 million overall, including the guaranteed money. The Broncos are looking at Justin Houston's $52.5 million guaranteed in a six-year, $101 million deal with the Kansas City Chiefs in their assessment of how much guaranteed money to offer, while Miller and his representatives have eyed something more on the order of the $60 million guaranteed in Marcell Dareus' six-year, $96.57 million deals with the Buffalo Bills or Ndamukong Suh's six-year, $114.4 million deal with Miami Dolphins that included $59.96 million in guaranteed money.
Suh's deal also includes full salary guarantees for the first three seasons of the deal -- 2015, '16 and '17.
Miller was named Super Bowl MVP with 2.5 sacks and two forced fumbles, including one in the first quarter that resulted in the Broncos scoring a defensive touchdown after he had ripped the ball free from Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton. Miller also had 2.5 sacks and an interception in the Broncos' win over the New England Patriots in the AFC Championship Game.
Earlier this year, Miller said: "If I was with any other organization, if I was with any other team, maybe I'd be worried about everything, but I've got John Elway. He's played, he's had experience with this whole process. I feel comfortable. Me and John's relationship is great: He was there when I was going through stuff and he never wavered. I feel like we won't waver now either. It will be a great experience, and it will be peaceful -- there's no reason for it not to be.''
Talib said Monday that since he expected Miller to participate in the team's offseason program and that since the defense had nine returning starters, the Broncos would be poised to repeat as the league's top unit.
"That's going to be our challenge as a defense, to remain at that level, to prepare the same, to be as hungry as we are last year,'' Talib said. "But we've got super-competitive guys, I think no one will get complacent and relax. We can do the same thing, have that same way of doing things and accomplish the things we want to accomplish, like go back [to the Super Bowl] and win again.''
Remember Brendan Fraser? No? Some hints: He's the dude who played the lead in "George of the Jungle." He starred in "The Mummy" and BOTH the sequels.
Well, thanks to the weird, wonderful, worldwide web, you might be seeing more of him in the near future.
As of Thursday, Reddit has been aflame with supporters of the "Save Brendan" campaign -- a movement that includes petitions to Netflix, HBO, Starz, and Showtime to find the actor work, reports Junkee.com.
Fans cited his exclusion from a new installment in "The Mummy" franchise as inspiration for the campaign.
Fans have even begun a petition on Change.org, which as of Thursday night had 24,000 signatures -- just a few hundred shy of its 25,000 signature goal.
The description explains that Fraser has been in financial peril due in part to having to pay a reported $900,000 annual alimony from his divorce with Afton Smith in 2007.
We are now calling on all networks to please consider Brendan for any upcoming shows/movies that are planned. Brendan Fraser Change.org petition
The petition reads:
"Brendan is a much loved actor worldwide, people are shocked that he wasn't at least offered a smaller role in the new Mummy movie."
I am unbelievably excited for Tom Cruise's Mummy reboot under the assumption that he is also rebooting every other Brendan Fraser movie — Pablo S. Torre (@PabloTorre) December 21, 2016
Loads of people on Twitter are excited about a potential Fraser comeback.
Old interview with Brendan Fraser, promoting the Mummy. Things were different then.:https://t.co/NMgkCRJgRH pic.twitter.com/S8zHVLni1c — Jolq Benavides (@JolqBenavides) December 23, 2016
Some instead chose to remember a happier time.
Italy says man shot dead in Milan is 'without a shadow of doubt' the Berlin attacker
WATCH | For the news you need, check out our 60 Second Circa.
Why isn't Chicago White Sox's Cabrera drawing interest?
hello
Chicago White Sox's Melky Cabrera connects for a two-run double during the fifth inning of an baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Saturday, July 30, 2016, in Minneapolis.
Joe Lewnard/jlewnard@dailyherald.comMelky Cabrera left, waits to for Lucas Giolito to have his photo taken on picture day during Chicago White Sox Spring training camp at Camelback Ranch in Glendale, Arizona Thursday.
Joe Lewnard/jlewnard@dailyherald.comMelky Cabrera has his photo taken during picture day at Chicago White Sox Spring training camp at Camelback Ranch in Glendale, Arizona.
Chris Sale and Adam Eaton are gone, Jose Quintana and David Robertson could be dealt before you reach the end of this article, and Todd Frazier and Jose Abreu frequently are mentioned in trade rumors.
Veteran players are an endangered species on the rebuilding Chicago White Sox, but there is seemingly little or no interest in left fielder Melky Cabrera.
Considering he had a solid year with the Sox in 2016 and is a lifetime .286 hitter over 12 major-league seasons, the lack of buzz surrounding the 32-year-old Cabrera is a bit puzzling.
Are teams in need of a proven bat still wary of Cabrera's 50-game suspension for a positive performance-enhancing drug test in 2012?
Are potentially interested teams looking for more power from the corner outfield spot?
Better defense perhaps?
It's difficult to say, but Cabrera led the White Sox with a .296 batting average last season and was third with 14 home runs and 86 RBI.
He also tied for third in the American League with 42 doubles, the most by a White Sox hitter since Magglio Ordonez's 46 in 2003.
"We all know what Melky can do," Sox manager Rick Renteria said.
Unless there is a sudden change in outside interest, Cabrera is heading into his third straight season as the White Sox's starting left field.
He's also in the final season of a three-year, $42 million contract, with $15 million due in 2017.
That's a hefty price for an outfielder who is not well above average in any phase of the game, but Cabrera's cost will be significantly lower around the July 31 nonwaiver deadline, so that could be his moving date.
Looking ahead, who replaces Cabrera in left field later this season or in 2018?
The list of potential candidates is less than stellar, with Cody Asche currently sitting behind Cabrera on the Sox's depth chart.
Signed to a minor-league contract on Jan. 6, Asche spent the last four seasons with the Phillies.
Splitting time between third base and left field, the left-handed batter posted a .240/.298/.385 hitting line with 31 home runs and 125 RBI in 371 games with Philadelphia. Asche also struck out 310 times in 1,287 plate appearances.
Unless the White Sox acquire a young outfielder in a trade for Quintana or possibly Frazier, Abreu or Robertson, they'll have to wait for current prospects like Luis Alexander Basabe, Alex Call, Jameson Fisher and Micker Adolfo.
None of that quartet is expected to be major-league ready until 2018 at the earliest.
Drafted on the first round in 2012, Courtney Hawkins' initial ETA was expected to be at some point this season.
That's not going to happen, and Hawkins looks like a bust.
Reassigned to minor-league camp last week in the first round of roster cuts, Hawkins has a .227/.290/.409 slash line with 596 strikeouts in 1,974 plate appearances over five minor-league seasons.
Back in February, Josh showed us an Amphicar that looked like the Rock of Gibraltar compared to this one. This 1967 Amphicar is in Chester, New Hampshire and is currently listed on eBay with, believe it or not, two bids! The current top bid is $510 and clearly someone sees something here that's worth about $500 more than I do. I sure love these cars, and maybe with several months of hard work and several pounds of welding rods someone could make this one watertight again.
That there is even $10 worth of parts here is beyond me, but someone must need a nice lens cover or a trim piece. The Amphicar was built between 1961 and 1968 and they only made 3,878 of them so they are rare. The “770” means 7 mph on water and 70 mph on land. Amphicars had some wacky owners!
I wonder if this car could possibly be brought back to life? I guess that's a dumb question, anything can be restored. But, unless a person was going to do 90% of the work themselves this one would be upside down, price-wise, in a hurry.
It looks pretty good in here, a few hours and you should be.. er.. Well, yeah, unless a person needs parts, this one may be past the point of ever being on either the road or the water again. 3,046 of these wheel-to-water wonders were imported into the US between 1961 and 1967. This one is Fjord Green, probably my favorite color for this car. These were all 4-speed cars, but in the water they had forward and reverse.
And, they all had 1147cc Triumph Herald engines with around 43 hp. You've probably all heard the saying that these cars weren't the best on the road or in the water, that they tried to do both and didn't accomplish either too well. The US accounted for most of the sales for these cars and when the DOT and EPA enacted new regulations for 1968 the Amphicar was doomed. The company sunk in 1968. I've never ridden in one either on land or in the water, but like any car nut I've wanted one for years. Have you ever been in an Amphicar?
The moment Tracy Chou (@triketora) realized it wasn't just her
The Project Include co-founder had a stellar Silicon Valley resume. So why did she still feel like an outsider?
Project Include Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 5, 2017
Photo by Kevin Abosch
Early in Tracy Chou's career, she was faced with a question that many people will recognize: Is this my fault? What am I doing wrong?
When she first started out as an engineer in Silicon Valley, Chou enjoyed her job, enjoyed building new systems and new companies. But the way she felt about work changed as time went on, until she found herself questioning her abilities and future.
“I remember one experience where I'd done a technical interview for a candidate, and it was red flags the entire way. He was really condescending, put me down, tried to bullshit me on things. At the very end of the interview, I asked if he had any questions for me, and as I was responding to him, he got bored with my answer, stood up while I was talking, went to the whiteboard and started drawing a penguin. I was appalled at his behavior. In the interview debrief, I said: This person is very, very rude. We ended up not making him an offer — but a week later one of the co-founders said, ‘We really should have made an offer to that guy. I think they made the wrong decision.'”
The startling nature of the interview was compounded by the fact that her bosses didn't seem to notice what was wrong, or believe that her opinion counted.
The lack of support began to affect her day-to-day experiences — even if she didn't know how to understand what was happening.
All she knew was that things she found difficult — relationships with co-workers and her co-founders — seemed easy for other people. Maybe, she began to wonder if she wasn't suited to startup life.
“For a good stretch of time, I actually considered whether or not I should quit the tech industry. I didn't really know what was wrong. Things were a little bit off, I felt like I might be being treated differently, or not being respected. I wasn't sure if I was just in my head too much, or if it was something about me personally that meant I wasn't cut out for software.”
“It was only later, after I started talking to more people across industry, and also not just female engineers, but also Black engineers who are marginalized in a different way, that I started to realize that the problem might not be me, and it might be something more systemic.”
Those experiences had left her questioning her own credentials — even though she was extremely qualified for a career in technology. The Project Include co-founder grew up in Silicon Valley, with parents who worked as software engineers; tech was always a big part of her family life. When she attended Stanford, she excelled in electrical engineering and computer science, and then went on to intern at Google and Facebook.
Her self-doubt and perspective changed radically, though, when she switched jobs and joined Pinterest. As one of its earliest engineers, she found out how different her work experience could be within an organization that carefully and deliberately built itself around an inclusive culture.
“It was the first time I felt like I was treated as an engineer and not a female engineer,” she says. “I felt like every other environment I had been in there was some level of curiosity around being female, and some discount factor applied to my abilities because of that. In the classroom it was always, ‘There are so few women. It's so unusual that you're here.' At Google and Facebook it was very similar: ‘There are so few women. You're one of the few.' There's that strange treatment, and when I joined Pinterest it felt like, ‘Great. You're an engineer. We need good engineers, so please get to work'.”
This culture was carefully cultivated‚ and the company's leadership had carefully planned Pinterest's hiring process. In interviews, for example, the “cultural screen” came first. The CEO would screen engineering candidates, and “if they didn't seem like they would be a good fit for the culture, they wouldn't even go to the technical screens,” she says. The culture screen was aimed at making sure potential employees were open-minded and aligned with what the company wanted to do, not simply able to deliver on a narrow set of tasks.
“It's the opposite of what I would see elsewhere,” says Chou. “To talk to Ben Silbermann at Pinterest and hear him say, ‘if they don't seem like they're going to be good people to work with, they're out. We don't care how good they are technically.' Well, it's kind of mind-blowing. I didn't realize people could do things that way.”
There's a lot of evidence that underrepresented groups are more likely to churn out of the technology industry — for example, 50 percent of women in STEM jobs end up quitting the field entirely, compared to 20 percent in other professional fields. This failure not only costs businesses time and money because they cannot retain workers — $16 billion a year according to a recent study — but also loses the industry valuable talent and perspectives.
She points out that de-prioritizing cultural decisions is a consequence of how many startups approach business, but it has far greater costs than many founders realize.
“I know startups are really hard,” she says. “There are so many things going on all the time, and there are other choices that get made. There's always these very pressing tasks around engineering and design and growth, and other things that always feel very urgent, and it felt like culture was a wishy-washy thing that wasn't worth spending time on.”
“I think there is a bit of this fallacy among some leaders that culture takes care of itself, so we don't need to be deliberate about designing the culture of the organization,” she says. “There's always these very pressing tasks around engineering and design and growth, things that always feel very urgent, and it can feel like culture is a wishy-washy thing that isn't worth spending time on. But if you leave it unchecked, it doesn't always go the way you want it to.”
“It's hard to retrofit a broken culture once you have many thousands of employees.”
From her experiences, Chou believes that there are techniques to recognize systemic bias and eliminate it going forward. And that's exactly what she believes Project Include can do for other organizations and people: encourage businesses to turn their gaze inwards and improve their culture, before women and people from other underrepresented groups leave the sector.
Even with her tech success and acclaim, she finds it easy to invest her time this cause.
“I've been so lucky to have had all the opportunities, mentorships, experiences and support which has allowed me to accrue almost every possible credential that a venture capitalist could want for investing in a potential funding round,” she says. “But I still get frustrated by blatant systemic bias.”
“It is kind of mind-boggling to me how people from underrepresented groups who haven't had the support or opportunities I have had must feel.”
Photo
Another arm of Donald J. Trump‘s business empire is suffering repercussions from his presidential run: his fashion line.
Macy's, the department store chain, is ending its relationship with Mr. Trump and phasing out his line of suits, shirts and ties after remarks he made about Mexican immigrants. During his presidential announcement earlier this month he called them “killers” and “rapists” while discussing the need for tougher border control.
“We do not believe the disparaging characterizations portray an accurate picture of the many Mexicans, Mexican Americans and Latinos who have made so many valuable contributions to the success of our nation,” Macy's said in a statement. “In light of statements made by Donald Trump, which are inconsistent with Macy's values, we have decided to discontinue our business relationship with Mr. Trump and will phase out the Trump menswear collection, which has been sold at Macy's since 2004.”
The backlash comes as Mr. Trump has performed well in early polls in Iowa and New Hampshire but is increasingly seeing his business interests under pressure now that his policy views are in the spotlight.
The move comes after a MoveOn.org petition that garnered more than 700,000 signatures calling for Macy's to cut ties with Mr. Trump.
The decision comes as Macy's has made a big push to court Hispanic shoppers, launching a new line of apparel, shoes and jewelry earlier this year with Thalía Sodi, a Mexican pop star. It is one of major retailers, like Kmart, which have been showering attention on the country's fast-growing Hispanic population. A report published by Nielsen in March estimated that multicultural consumers spend upwards of $3.4 trillion a year, and make up the fasting growing segment of the consumer economy.
The decision by Macy's is the latest financial setback for Mr. Trump since he announced his candidacy for president. Univision, the Spanish language network, already decided to end its relationship with him, canceling plans to air his Miss USA pageant in July, and NBC Universal followed suit this week after a Change.org petition pressured the network.
Mr. Trump has threatened to sue the networks for breach of contract.
Pageant participants have also protested Mr. Trump's remarks, which he has continued to stand by.
Mr. Trump said on Wednesday that the breakup was his decision and was made because of pressure that Macy's was facing from outside groups.
He called his relationship with the retailer small in terms of dollar volume and insignificant in comparison to his beliefs on immigration.
“I have always said that if you are successful, it is very hard to run for office, especially the office of president,” Mr. Trump said. “I have also continually stated that I am not beholden to anyone and this includes NBC and Macy's.”
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security & stopping illegal immigration. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2015
A defiant Mr. Trump also accused the companies of supporting illegal immigration and said he was never happy about the fact that the clothing the company sold bearing his name was made in China.
“Should I start a new product line somewhere in the future, I would insist that they are made in America,” he said.
Hiroko Tabuchi contributed reporting.
Those who speak Chinese, Korean and Vietnamese at home are less proficient in English than Spanish-speakers according to striking findings the Census Bureau released Tuesday that suggest some Asians may have a tougher time mastering English than Hispanics.
Overall, Americans speak more than 350 different tongues at home, including some 150 Native American languages, some of which have so few speakers that the bureau declined to release the totals for fear that it would identify actual individuals.
And in the country's largest cities, English is actually a minority language: A staggering 54 percent of residents in the Los Angeles metropolitan region speak a language other than English at home, as do 51 percent of Miami-area residents, 40 percent of San Francisco, 38 percent of New York, 37 percent of Houston and 36 percent of the Washington, D.C., region.
The data, gleaned from Census information from 2009 to 2013, found 60.3 million residents, or more than one in five people over the age of 5, speaks a language other than English at home. Spanish is the top alternative, with 37.5 million home speakers, followed by Chinese with 2.9 million home speakers.
Other top languages with more than 1 million home-speakers were French, German, Korean, Vietnamese and Tagalog. Arabic, meanwhile, was nearing the 1 million mark.
But the breadth of languages was also apparent, with about 25,000 speaking Finnish at home, about 212,000 speaking Hebrew, approximately 166,000 speaking Navajoes and 237,000 or so speaking Armenian.
“While most of the U.S. population speaks only English at home or a handful of other languages like Spanish or Vietnamese, the American Community Survey reveals the wide-ranging language diversity of the United States,” said Erik Vickstrom, a Census Bureau statistician. “For example, in the New York metro area alone, more than a third of the population speaks a language other than English at home, and close to 200 different languages are spoken. Knowing the number of languages and how many speak these languages in a particular area provides valuable information to policymakers, planners and researchers.”
Languages spoken at home are only part of the story for those policymakers. The bigger issue is how many of them are not proficient in English, meaning governments and businesses need to try to reach them in their own languages.
Those numbers were surprising: More than 56 percent of those who speak Spanish at home said they also speak English “very well.”
Asian language-speakers, by contrast, do not fare as well. The Census said just 40 percent of the 1.4 million residents who speak Vietnamese in their homes also speak English “very well,” and only about 45 percent of those who speak Chinese or Korean at home are also proficient in English.
Steven A. Camarota, a demographer at the Center for Immigration Studies, said the findings were eye-catching because language skills usually increase the longer immigrants have been here and the higher their educational attainment. Vietnamese immigrants generally have been in the U.S. for some time, while Chinese immigrants have high education levels.
Mr. Camarota also cautioned about the data, saying the Census asks residents to grade themselves on their English skills.
“It's based on self-evaluation. It doesn't mean that it's meaningless, it just means that Asians might judge themselves much harsher,” he said.
The numbers also focus on those who speak a language other than English at home, so it's possible that Asians who learn English adopt it for use in their homes at a higher rate than Spanish-speakers, which would skew the numbers.
The rate of English proficiency varied widely. For example, 80 percent of those who speak Hindi at home told the Census they also speak English “very well.” So did 84 percent of German-speakers, 76 percent of Greek-speakers and 73 percent of those who spoke Italian at home. But some 40 percent of Polish home-speakers struggled with English proficiency, as did 47 percent of Russian speakers.
Schools in particular grapple with how to reach students who struggle with English.
The federal Department of Education said 4.4 million students, or about 9.2 percent of the total, were deemed English language learners in the 2012-13 school year. Local school districts say the extra costs for educating those students run thousands of dollars more than the average student who speaks English proficiently.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
About
Let's inject new life to the top-down racing genre!
Apex Racing League is a top-down arcade racing game for PC in which players race online or offline in a wide variety of motorsports. Designed to be played using a keyboard or a gamepad, the game offers an accessible yet engaging driving experience, with car dynamics that rely completely on physics and provide a complete sense of driving a race car.
The game has a purist approach to competition. You will race on a level-playing field as there are no power ups or weapons, and cars cannot be modified. It doesn't mean however that the fastest driver will always win the race. The human element is as present in Apex Racing League as it is in real-life motorsport, so being consistent, managing pressure, and paying attention to tyre and fuel strategy are the key skills that you will need to develop to become a successful racer.
This focus on raw skills and direct competition, along with a unique visual style and stunning graphics, will make Apex Racing League deliver an all-new arcade racing experience. So grab your helmet and get ready to hit the track!
Drive With Your Keyboard or Gamepad: Apex Racing League gives you the precision you need using either a keyboard or a gamepad, with no advantage of one controller scheme over the other, and no need for a racing wheel setup.
Different Forms of Racing: Apex Racing League will initially feature 8 different car classes. Each class with unique driving dynamics that present different challenges to the driver. Whether you prefer on-road or off-road racing, Apex Racing League has something awesome waiting.
Grand Prix Cars: These are the premier on-road category in Apex Racing League. With outstanding acceleration, braking and cornering capabilities, they are the ultimate test of reflexes and precision.
Trophy Trucks: These are powerful race trucks designed with the sole purpose of moving as fast as possible over off-road terrain. With long travel suspensions and high power engines, you will need to learn the tricks of jumping and trading paint to have a chance to win a Trophy Truck race!
Rallycross: This form of racing is held on mixed-surface racing circuits with specially built rally cars. Rallycross has gained massive global popularity due to its intense door-to-door racing.
Karts: Karting is widely seen as the purest and most competitive form of motorsport. These nimble vehicles offer close racing and constant battles which will help drivers refine their racecraft and overtaking skills.
Sprint Cars: With a lightweight tubular chassis and a monstrous V8 engine that sits just in front of the driver, these pocket rockets race on dirt ovals and provide spectacular racing action.
1970s Grand Prix Cars: Get your hands on these legendary machines when you find yourself in a nostalgic funk and revive what many consider the golden era of Grand Prix racing, when bravery was a true differentiator and engines roared a proper tune.
1980s Endurance Prototypes: Drive the mighty prototypes of the 80s and take part in longer races that require you to drive at full speed through the night. Concentration, patience and consistency are essential for success.
Stock Cars: A true American tradition. Euphemistically called stock cars, these machines are all but stock. They are thoroughbred machines that race mainly on asphalt ovals. Powerful but heavy, they will challenge you to drive with finesse and precision to stay out of trouble when you find yourself in the middle of a crowd of cars at full speed.
Tracks: Apex Racing League features different types of race tracks to suit every car class, with 4 different types of surface: asphalt, dirt, sand and snow. The release version of the game will include 30 tracks set in different world locations with vibrant environments. All cars can be driven on every track, but don't expect to beat a Trophy Truck around an off-road circuit with a Grand Prix car…
Online Multiplayer: Developing an online racing platform to challenge other drivers and build a highly competitive community is one of the fundamental goals of Apex Racing League. In online multiplayer you will be able to take on racers from around the world by creating your own racing events or take part in existing events.
For league racing, private lobbies will allow you to create sessions where only specific people are allowed to enter. After joining you will be able to see your opponents' profile - their username, statistics, car and driver - and they will be able to see yours too. Event managers will choose car class and track and also customize race length, fuel consumption rate, tyre wear rate and damage level. Race events will have a full weekend format with practice sessions, a qualifying session and the race. As the race progresses your tyres will wear out and your fuel levels will drop.
You will be in full control of your race strategy and decide when to pit to change tyres, refuel the car and repair damage after an accident. If you didn't have a great qualifying session, a sound strategy can still get you in a position to fight for the win.
Car and Driver Customization: Customize your car by choosing a livery and your own color combination with Apex Racing League's built-in customization tools. Your looks will show online to other players - make sure to paint your car in intimidating colors to spook them. You can also give your driver a unique look by painting your helmet and choosing your visor, overalls, racing shoes and gloves, as well as an animation that will be displayed online.
Arcade Mode: In Arcade Mode you will find a more relaxing side of the game. It's the ideal space to get some practice laps in, do a custom single race against AI drivers or just pick a car and have fun in the stunt arena.
Race Event: Take part in competitive race events against fierce AI drivers. There are several events available in this area including on-road, off-road, oval racing and vehicle-specific races.
Exhibition: Organize fully customizable races against AI drivers where you will pick your car, each of your opponents' cars, a race track, level of difficulty, race length, fuel consumption rate, tyre wear rate and damage level. You can do a single race or run a multiple race championship.
Free Practice: Drive any car on the track of your choice without having to worry about other racers. It's the perfect space to work on improving your driving skills or learn the traits of a new track.
Stunt Arena: There are no corners, chronometers or boundaries here. Just cool physics, jumps, stuff to crash into and freedom. Rallycross cars and Trophy Trucks are the most enjoyable vehicles for playing around in the stunt arena.
If our initial funding goal is reached, backers can be assured that Apex Racing League will deliver an exciting and polished game package. However, given the opportunity and additional resources required, we have a list of ‘dream' additional extras that we'd love to deliver in order to make an even better game.
Our plan is to have Apex Racing League released for PC by fall 2017. We will need to expand our team to a roster of 4 members, which we'll look to do immediately upon reaching our funding goal. Therefore the vast majority of our budget will be allocated to wages and equipment, keeping the focus on designing and developing the best title possible.
We are also allocating funds towards hosting high quality servers to achieve a solid, smooth, cheat-free online experience. And with graphics created using cutting-edge technology for modelling, texturing and shading, it's important we have a portion of our funds dedicated to ensure this level of quality is consistent across the entire game.
Apex Racing League is currently in it's internal pre-alpha state. Release dates for Alpha and Beta access will be announced after the campaign concludes. Backers can gain access to our first closed alpha test by pledging at the Alpha Tester level or above. Beta access will be available for all backers afterwards. Once we're happy with the state of the game we'll be able to launch on Steam.
We are two brothers with a deep passion for gaming and racing. Apex Racing League is the result of our ideas to combine both worlds.
Alberto Mastretta
Alberto is in charge of the design and programming efforts of Apex Racing League. With knowledge of different areas of game design and a background in arts, Alberto develops mighty technical solutions for the game, such as the physics of cars and game mechanics, and matches them with top-notch technical art to create a rich, tactile, exciting and engaging user experience. He comes from the mobile game industry where he became a ruthless judge of what's fun and what's not.
Besides being an avid gamer, Alberto is an accomplished karting driver, a karate black belt and a very unorthodox dancer.
Carlos Mastretta
Carlos designs and creates the 3D world of Apex Racing League and, as an elite R/C driver, supports Alberto in developing the physics and overall feel of the game. His background in automotive design means the game will look beautiful and his background as a competitor means the game will be really hard to beat.
He feels at home driving and competing but loves spending time gaming, reading and working out as well.
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and prominent tech leaders have launched a new endeavor to shape immigration reform in the United States. Called “March for Innovation“, it's goal is to make sure that Congress pays attention to the needs of entrepreneurs and the tech industry, as well as understand how technology can lead the charge to help get it passed.
The initiative is backed by a bevy of notable figures from the tech industry, including the Foundry Group's Brad Feld, Greylock Partners and former CEO of Mozilla John Lilly, Dropbox founder and CEO Drew Houston, Y Combinator's Paul Graham, venture capitalist Mike Maples, Sherpa Foundry's co-CEO Shervin Pishevar, Gilt Groupe founder and CEO Kevin Ryan, Union Square Venture's Fred Wilson, and 500 Startups' Dave McClure.
Partnership for a New American Economy
Several years ago, Mayor Bloomberg got together with News Corp Chairman Rupert Murdoch, the CEOs of Disney, Marriott, Boeing, and other companies to discuss the issue about immigration reform. Also included in the discussion were majors from prominent US cities. The result was the formation of a new organization called the Partnership for a New American Economy.
Now, the group counts more than 500 CEOs and mayors from 50 states, representing more than 35 million people nationwide, who are working to help make the economic case for immigration reform.
Silicon Valley supports immigration reform
Immigration reform is definitely not something the tech industry and Silicon Valley have shied away from. Since 2009, the community has been trying to get Congress to pass the Startup Visa act, which would create a visa category for foreign entrepreneurs who have raised capital from qualified American investors to come into the country and start their business.
Many of the same people supporting the March for Innovation today have backed the Startup Visa, which still has not passed Congress, although President Obama has indicated that he supports the bill.
The tech industry is also not afraid of confronting the country's leaders when a potentially damaging law comes up for debate. One need only looks at the battles that were waged against SOPA/PIPA in 2011 and 2012 and the movement to seek passage of the Jobs Act.
Mayor Bloomberg has also not been a stranger to pushing immigration reform. In 2011, he gave a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations where he spoke about the essential role of immigrants in America's economic growth and called for Washington to put aside its partisan politics and pass much needed reforms in order to create jobs and fuel economic growth.
His proposal entails:
…green cards for graduates with advanced degrees in essential fields; a new visa for entrepreneurs with investors ready to invest capital in their job-creating idea; more temporary and permanent visas for highly skilled workers; guest-worker programs to ensure agriculture and other key sectors can thrive; and a revaluation of visa priorities that places a focus on the nation's economic needs.
The March for Innovation
From all the discussions with various groups, the tech community and Mayor Bloomberg decided to move forward and help persuade members of Congress to back reform that would make it easier for entrepreneurs, engineers, designers, and others to come into the country legally and contribute to the country's economy.
We spoke with Jeremy Robbins, Director of the Partnership for a New American Economy operating out of Mayor Bloomberg's office, who tells us that the organization's goal is two-fold. First, as immigration reform is being discussed by Congress, it would like to play a roll in affecting how it will impact the tech industry. Secondly, as the bill moves through both chambers, it will show how technology can be used to help get it passed.
Right now, the March for Innovation website operates as a campaign site built through NationBuilder, a community organizing system. The aim is to amass an army of supporters who will be able to act when the moment arises. Once a bill has been formed and begins moving through Congress (some expect it to happen in April), this virtual march will begin to take place — the website will convert into a place where supporters can contact their Senators and Representatives to convince them to support the bill.
Virtual is better than physical
We all know the impact of virtual demonstrations and how it can help sway the way governments and corporations respond — just look at SOPA/PIPA with what Tumblr and Wikipedia did.
Robbins says that with a virtual march, it's much easier to coordinate actions — because potential external factors could sway the legislative calendar, doing something virtually will enable a demonstration to occur without requiring a lot of time and resources.
Principles
It's said that right now, Congress is working to come up with a broad reform bill to fix America's broken immigration system. For people like Mayor Bloomberg, making sure that it has the right language in it matters since any result could have a big impact on his city, as well as many others, including those in Silicon Valley.
To that end, the March to Innovation has established four principles it would like the immigration bill to address:
Drive new business creation by providing visas to entrepreneurs to those who wish to start businesses and create jobs
Attract and retain highly-skilled workers needed by the US economy by creating a “viable pathway” for them to come over when companies need them
needed by the US economy by creating a “viable pathway” for them to come over when companies need them Power the innovation economy by granting permanent residency to the world's leading graduates in science, technology, engineering, and math
by granting permanent residency to the world's leading graduates in science, technology, engineering, and math Seize the moment and reform the US laws, which haven't been updated since 1965
Organization co-chair Somesh Dash of Institutional Venture Partners says:
Of late, the United States has been turning away many of the innovators and entrepreneurs who are likely to propel us to new economic heights. We can no longer afford to operate under a system that has not seen major reform over the past few decades. Tech leaders and workers throughout the nation are coming together to rally around the need for significant change to our current immigration system. Our country's leaders must follow suit
➤ March for Innovation
Main header image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Photo credit: Mario Tama/Getty Images
Read next: Samsung set to launch Galaxy S IV smartphone on March 14 in New York [update]
When the Habs gave members of the media our ballots for the Jacques Beauchamp Trophy, we initially came to a full stop. The trophy is awarded annually to the member of the Canadiens who played a dominant role during the regular season, without earning any particular honor.
There weren't many good candidates. Mark Barberio maybe? Perhaps Sven Andrighetto? What about Mike Condon? Maybe Torrey Mitchell?
Paul Byron, however, seemed to fit the bill. While he didn't exactly play a 'dominant' role with the Habs, he did provide one of the rare silver linings to the season.
Byron was claimed on waivers from the Flames this summer and quickly cemented a role within the team, with 11 goals and 7 assists in 61 games. He was awarded a three-year contract for his efforts.
Press release
Calling the episode 'very serious,' Rep. David Wu did not specifically address allegations. Wu at center of sex allegation
Rep. David Wu has been accused of an “unwanted sexual encounter” with the teenage daughter of a longtime friend, the latest scandal to engulf the troubled Oregon Democrat.
The Oregonian reported that the 56-year-old Wu “acknowledged a sexual encounter to his senior aides but insisted it was consensual,” according to sources aware of the incident.
Story Continued Below
The unidentified teenager and her family did not file any criminal complaint over the incident, which apparently took place sometime around last Thanksgiving.
Calling the episode “very serious,” Wu did not specifically address allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances toward the young woman who is the daughter of a donor.
“This is very serious, and I have absolutely no desire to bring unwanted publicity, attention or stress to a young woman and her family,” Wu said.
The Oregonian reported the person involved graduated from high school in 2010 but did not mention her age. She and her family declined to speak to the newspaper.
Wu, who is being treated for an unspecified mental health condition, is separated from his wife Michelle and the couple reportedly is seeking a divorce. They have two children.
Wu, who was born in Taiwan is the first Chinese-American elected to Congress and has served in the House since 1999.
This episode is the latest in a long list of troubling incidents for Wu, including a previous allegation of sexual assault lodged against him by a former girlfriend when they were both attending Stanford University in 1976. Wu was not charged with a crime, but he was made to see a counselor and was disciplined by the university.
This incident was reported by The Oregonian shortly before the 2004 elections. Wu admitted to “inexcusable behavior on my part” when confronted about the allegations.
“As a 21-year-old, I hurt someone I cared very much about. I take full responsibility for my actions and I am very sorry,” Wu said in a statement to The Oregonian. “This single event forever changed my life and the person that I have become.”
Shortly before the 2010 elections, Wu began behaving erratically, according to The Oregonian and other news outlets. Wu sent a bizarre picture of himself in a tiger costume to his staffers, and some of them urged him to seek psychiatric help. More than a half dozen staffers and campaign consultants quit as Wu bombarded them with troubling phone calls and emails.
“I freely admit that it was an intense campaign, and I was not always at my best with staff or constituents,” Wu said in a statement to Williamette Week, a Portland newspaper. “For all those moments, I wish I'd been better and I apologize.”
These latest allegations against Wu add to the growing list of sex scandals that have rocked Capitol Hill over the past two years.
Former Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-N.Y.) recently resigned from Congress following a national firestorm over lewd photos he sent to women he met over the Internet.
Former Rep. Christopher Lee (R-N.Y.) was caught sending a topless online photo and also resigned. Former Sen. John Ensign (R-Nev.) had an affair with one of his campaign aides, who also happened to be the wife of his deputy chief of staff. Ensign stepped down from office on May 3.
And ex-Rep. Eric Massa (D-N.Y.) quickly departed Capitol Hill in March 2010 after POLITICO reported he was under investigation by the House Ethics Committee for allegations of sexual harassment of male staffers. The Ethics Committee recently announced that it will continue looking into whether any Democratic lawmakers or staffers knew about those allegations but failed to take action against Massa.
Early last year, a young neo-Nazi called his girlfriend from a jail cell in Phoenix. She was upset. She was confused. She wanted to know why FBI agents were in her living room saying they caught him making pipe bombs and stockpiling other explosives.
“Why were you guys making that stuff?” she asked. “Why did you have it in your truck?”
“Because,” he told her, “we wanted to make those things for the border.”By all accounts, Jeffery Harbin was a minor player in the white supremacist movement, a man living deep in the fringes of American extremism. But in the broader context of the immigration debate, he was hardly alone.
Arizona became a hotbed for a certain brand of extremist groups in the past decade as it took center stage in discussion about how to handle the nation's broken immigration system. But while a report by the nation's leading watchdog of the extremist movement shows the numbers of so-called “border watch” groups are dwindling, some that remain have shown a surprising penchant for violence. They are armed, angry and desperate to fight in what they see as a real-life war taking place in the nation's borderlands.
In just the past few years alone, federal agents in Arizona have gone on a hunt for a man who claimed to have littered the desert with explosive devices. They have been told a Minuteman-style organization planned to shut down a major freeway. They have discovered a bomb planted along a known smuggling route. And more recently, a militia group has talked openly about buying a tank to combat what it calls “narco terrorism” flowing across the border.
—
In a way, authorities were lucky they stopped Harbin when they did. He was 150 miles north of the US-Mexico border when he was pulled over on Jan. 14, 2011, in a pickup truck near his hometown of Apache Junction, Ariz., a sleepy exurb on the far eastern edge of metropolitan Phoenix.
Harbin was an active member of the National Socialist Movement, the largest neo-Nazi group in the United States, and was known to don the organization's full dress uniform: black pants, black shirt, swastika armband and helmet emblazoned with the white letters SS to mimic the look of Hitler's army.
More than six months before his arrest, members of the National Socialist Movement were spotted in plain clothes at a Tea Party rally in the Phoenix suburbs, passing out fliers that called for landmines to be placed along the US-Mexico border.
“We all should be actively advocating daily to mainstream America the most humane, non-racist, fair border security plan available,” the fliers said. “Namely, A MINEFIELD!”
The fliers carried the name of one of the group's local leaders, JT Ready, a man who had recruited Harbin to the cause. Another member of the group later posted photos of the rally on Facebook. In one image, Ready, two other men, a woman and two young girls can be seen holding the fliers, smiling and standing next to a news van for Univision, the Spanish language television network.
It's unclear whether Harbin was at the rally that day. At the time, the fliers may have seemed like little more than tough talk by a group looking to shock the crowd. Groups like the National Socialist Movement have a long history of headline-making stunts. But the talk soon turned into action.
According to federal court records, the FBI got a tip in mid-November 2010 that Harbin was possibly making explosives.
A secret informant told the agents that Harbin's girlfriend was concerned about his activities. Harbin apparently told her he had found a way to manufacture six gallons of explosive aluminum powder and had purchased a number of model rocket engines to use with it.
At the urging of federal agents, the informant began working to set Harbin up for arrest about six weeks later.
The informant invited Harbin to make flares to take on some sort of operation on the border. Soon, court records show, Harbin suggested he also put together some explosives using plastic pipes and black powder. The informant went along with it.
On Jan. 14, 2011, records show, Harbin packed some of his explosives into a pair of plastic tubs, placed them into his pickup truck and drove to the informant's house.
What he didn't know was that FBI agents were watching him the whole time. When he got to the house, he showed the informant an olive green homemade hand grenade, which he nicknamed his “little baby.” He also showed off a pipe bomb complete with end caps and a model rocket fusing system.
The FBI coordinated with local police to pull Harbin over for a traffic violation on his drive home later that day. In his truck, investigators found three homemade bombs. In a later search of his home, they found 12 more.
—
Harbin's case is by far the best documented example of Arizona extremists trying to escalate things at the border. But authorities there have been dealing with similar cases for years.
Jeffery Harbin / via MCSO
Proof of that came last year in a series of documents that the hacker group LulzSec stole from law enforcement in Arizona and then posted on the internet.
News reports at the time focused largely on what the stolen documents said about the drug war in Mexico and how law enforcement in the United States was handling it. But the documents also revealed several incidents, which were previously undisclosed to the public, showing how extremist groups in were escalating their tactics in the Arizona borderlands.
One document, for example, showed that US Border Patrol agents ran into a heavily armed man on March 30, 2011, in the desert south of Tucson. The man, identified as Tim Foley, told them he was patrolling the border. He said he was getting $350,000 in funding from people he described as “concerned citizens” to recruit five other men to help him.
The document, which was marked “Law Enforcement Sensitive” from the Department of Homeland Security, said Foley bragged to the agents about having military experience as a sniper and ranger. He said his group planned to conduct “mercenary type operations” on both sides of the border.
Most concerning to the agents, according to the document, was what the man told them next. “Tim stated that he has Improvised Explosive Devices deployed in the desert near Sasabe (Ariz.),” the document said. The sentence was typed in bright red letters.
For reasons that still aren't exactly clear, the agents let Foley go that day. But two days later, federal investigators launched an all-out manhunt for him.
The FBI was brought in along with the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, a local bomb squad and bomb-sniffing dogs. The search included plans to evacuate parts of the tiny border town of Sasabe if anything major went down. After hours of searching, however, they came up short. Foley had disappeared and his alleged bombs were nowhere to be found. He could not be located for comment on this story.
By then, the idea of explosives hidden in the desert was not altogether new to law enforcement in Arizona. Another document released by the hacker collective showed that on May 30, 2009, a US Border Patrol agent discovered a pipe bomb west of Tucson along a known smuggling route.
Investigators described the device as “moderately complex,” but said it was impossible to know who planted it or what their motive was. The incident was being investigated by the ATF and local authorities.
Beyond explosives, the groups have also demonstrated an ability to put law enforcement on high alert in other ways.
A third “Law Enforcement Sensitive” document released by the hackers showed that authorities were told on April 28, 2010 to be on the lookout for a “civilian Minuteman type group” that had talked about shutting down a major freeway in the central part of the state.
The group, which called itself “A Concerned Citizen,” believed Interstate 8 was being used by smugglers to transport cargo. The warning of a freeway shut down came just days after Gov. Jan Brewer signed her state's harsh immigration measures.
“The request comes in support of Governor Jane (sic) Brewer's signing of SB1070 into law,” according to the warning, “and at the opposition of the media's coverage of the protests in Phoenix.”
The document noted that the group's plans went far beyond those of the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps, a border watch group that got widespread attention several years earlier for its operations along the border.
The MCDC, which has since been disbanded, camped out at the border and called federal agents whenever they saw immigrants illegally crossing. Despite doubts from its critics, the group's leaders always insisted their role was to simply observe and report what they saw.
“If this new operation happens,” the document said, “there could be potential for human rights violations and a possibility of violence between armed civilians and smugglers or with law enforcement.”
—
Meanwhile, at least two of Harbin's associates from the National Socialist Movement have founded a new group that intends to go well beyond anything the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps ever did.
Led by longtime white supremacists JT Ready and Harry Hughes, the US Border Guard routinely treks out in the desert south of Phoenix, heavily armed for what it describes as “operations” to stop “narco terrorists.” Its members often boast of confronting immigrants and detaining them until authorities can arrive.
But Ready, the same man whose name adorned the landmine fliers in 2010, hopes the group will someday do even more.
On the US Border Guard website, alongside photos of its members wearing camouflage and carrying large guns, he recently posted a call for supporters to help the group with donations through PayPal.
The group needed more supplies, he wrote, and weapons. Among them: a tank.
“Arizona Statues (sic) allow the fielding of most weapons short of nuclear weapons and certain chemical weapons,” he wrote on the website. “Therefore we are already in contact with brokers concerning a .50 cal semi-automatic rifle and a MBT- Main Battle Tank. Yes, you read this correctly. We have a goal to get a Main Battle Tank engaged against the Narco-Terrorists.”
Ready, who is also now running for sheriff of Pinal County, Ariz., describes himself these days as a humanitarian. As he takes a leading role in the new group, he has publicly disavowed the National Socialist Movement. However, he is still a frequent writer on the message boards of the white nationalist website Stormfront.org, where he is recognized as a “friend” of the website and a “sustaining member” — or donor. A search of the site shows he has posted there as recently as February.
Hughes, meanwhile, remains an avowed member of the National Socialist Movement and acts as its spokesman in Arizona. He occasionally posts updates from the field on the NSM's main website.
—
As for Harbin, his attorney said in court documents earlier this year that the young man is done with the National Socialist Movement.
Harbin pleaded guilty late last year to two felonies in connection with the bombs. One was for possessing unregistered destructive devices and the other for transporting explosive material.
Harbin's relatives did not return phone calls seeking comment for this story. But in January, his attorney, Philip Seplow, argued that his client's change of heart about the neo-Nazi movement should lead to a lighter sentence.
“Harbin now rejects the white supremacist dogma,” Seplow wrote. He said Harbin planned to get his racist tattoos removed when he left prison. “People make mistakes,” he wrote, and one of them was associating with the group.
He asked the judge to sentence his client to just two years in prison.
Federal prosecutors, however, argued that Harbin's crimes were more than just a mistake. The bombs he built were not created for simple curiosity, assistant US attorney Josh Patrick Parecki wrote in his recommendation. They were built on behalf of a racist ideology that wanted to cause havoc in the desert.
“Indeed, committing this offense with some knowledge or intent that the IEDs could later be used along the border makes this offense gravely serious,” the prosecutor wrote.
He asked for Harbin to be put behind bars for four years and four months..
In the end, Judge Neil Wake sided with Harbin. He sentenced him in February to two years in prison, with more than a year of it already having been served.
Prison records show Harbin, 29, is scheduled to be released on Oct. 11 of this year. When he does, he is then scheduled to spend three years on probation.
In his sentencing, Wake ordered Harbin to stay away from the white supremacist movement for the length of his probation. He also barred him from owning anything that could be considered white supremacist paraphernalia, such as the neo-Nazi patches and flag found in his home during the federal search.
If he breaks those conditions, Harbin could end up back in prison.
Court records show Harbin appeared willing to leave it all behind when he made the jailhouse call to his girlfriend shortly after his arrest. It was the same call in which he admitted to making the bombs.
“I think you should just leave the border up to the border patrol,” his girlfriend told him.
“Yeah,” Harbin replied. “I was thinking that, too.”
With the first six months of 2017 in the books, average global surface temperatures so far this year is 0.94°C above the 1950–1980 average, according to NASA. That makes 2017 the second-hottest first six calendar months on record, behind only 2016.
That's remarkable because 2017 hasn't had the warming influence of an El Niño event. El Niños bring warm ocean water to the surface, temporarily causing average global surface temperatures to rise. 2016 – including the first six months of the year – was influenced by one of the strongest El Niño events on record.
Reality has debunked the ‘warming stopped' myth
For a long time one of the favorite climate denier myths involved claiming that we hadn't seen any global surface warming since 1998. That myth has fallen by the wayside since 2014, 2015, and 2016 each broke the global surface temperature records previously set in 2010 and 2005 (which were also both hotter than 1998). Yet the myth persisted for years because 1998 was anomalously hot due to the monster El Niño event that year, which meant that global temperatures weren't much hotter than 1998 until 2014 to today.
Now the first six months of 2017 have been 0.3°C hotter than 1998, despite the former having no El Niño warming influence and the latter being amplified by a monster El Niño. In 1998, there was also more solar energy reaching Earth than there has been in 2017.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Total solar irradiance data (red) and linear trend (orange) since 1950 from the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics Solar Irradiance Data Center at the University of Colorado. Illustration: Dana Nuccitelli
In terms of El Niño and solar temperature influences, 2017 thus far has been most similar to 2006, but 2017 has been 0.3°C hotter than 2006 as well.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Global average surface temperature data from the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies. Illustration: Dana Nuccitelli
No, Rick Perry, the oceans aren't to blame
In a recent Senate committee hearing, Trump's Department of Energy Secretary Rick Perry said that he didn't believe human carbon pollution is the primary control knob for the Earth's climate (it is; hence the title of this NASA paper published in the journal Science in 2010), but instead placed most of the blame on “naturally occurring events – the warming and the cooling of our ocean waters.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest US Senate energy budget hearing on 23 June 2017.
That's a simple hypothesis to test. If global surface temperatures were rising due to an exchange of heat from ocean cycles, then as Perry noted, ocean temperatures would be alternatively warming and cooling. When oceans transferred heat to the surface, their temperatures would cool, and vice-versa. That's simply not happening – measurements show that the oceans have steadily built up heat:
Global ocean heat content data for 0–2000 meters. Illustration: National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration, National Centers for Environmental Information
Instead, every component of the Earth's climate is warming. Surface air temperatures, lower atmospheric temperatures, ocean temperatures, and sea levels are rising as ice around the globe melts. That's a key signature not of an internal Earth cycle, but of an external influence – either an increase in incoming energy from the sun, or a decrease in outgoing energy, for example due to an increase in the heat-trapping greenhouse effect. And as we've established, there's actually been a slight decrease in incoming solar energy.
The culprit is quite clearly human carbon pollution. That's how the first six months of 2017, despite lacking solar or El Niño ocean warming, can be hotter than 1998, and 2006, and every year before 2016.
In fact, research has shown that global surface temperatures are already rising about 20 times faster than Earth's fastest natural climate change, during the transition in and out of ice ages. And unless we take serious action to cut carbon pollution, that rate will rise to perhaps 50 times faster than Earth's fastest natural climate change.
Climate deniers have recently been shifting to the ‘global warming isn't bad' myth. It should go without saying that such rapid climate change is dangerous. Species can only adapt so fast. The IPCC concluded that we're already approaching the point at which up to 30% of global species are at increasing risk of extinction. If we don't take action to curb global warming, the IPCC projects that by century's end, 40% or more of global species could go extinct, as we approach Earth's sixth mass extinction.
Today's remarkably hot temperatures, caused by human carbon pollution, are a sign of what's to come. If we don't get global warming under control, the consequences will indeed be bad.
Joe Silva was a wizard at making pairs, but the best matchmaker of all time has always been Benjamin Franklin. That smirking bastard brought mankind and electricity together when people still feared their goats were the devil, so it's reasonable to think he can catch lightning in a bottle with Demetrious Johnson and T.J. Dillashaw.
This whole thing is very weird and divisive, this DJ vs. TJ/Ray Borg entanglement. A champion is asking for a bout with the next contender in his division — in this case, Borg — while the UFC is trying to coerce him into a more fan friendly fight (with the former bantamweight champ, Dillashaw). The UFC doesn't want to pay Johnson, who is a record-holding dynamo that doesn't draw. Johnson's all about that money and respect, and his version of drawing tends more towards Picasso rather than ordinary numbers.
It's the bottom line versus a historical line. The traditional strong-arm practitioner versus the flickering counter artist. Business versus art. It's easy to side with the spiritual depth of the latter, even if instinctually you know the UFC was built by ruthlessly reminding everyone of the former. That Johnson wants to up his game with the former only gives things a deeper shade of gray.
The kicker is that Johnson went on The MMA Hour and opened the curtain for everyone to take a look at how things go when dealing with Dana White. The subliminal fight between White and Johnson is far more interesting than either Borg or Dillashaw — which is a fun, diabolical twist. Sweetest of all is that there's a mile of slippery slope between who's “right” and who's “wrong.”
On the one hand, there's nothing wrong with a champion wanting to fight contenders in his own division, especially for those who like to keep things organized. With Michael Bisping still holding out hope for a fight with Georges St-Pierre and Tyron Woodley throwing out the words “Nick Diaz” ever so often and Stipe Miocic eying boxer Anthony Joshua and Conor McGregor literally negotiating a fight with Floyd Mayweather, Johnson's idea here seems extra conservative and righteous. It's easy to get behind. It's logical.
It has a way of making other ideas seem silly.
Then again, Ray Borg? Borg was born just three months before UFC 1. He's young as hell (23), and still relatively green (at least when contemplating him standing next to Johnson). Nobody was pining for a Johnson-Borg fight before Johnson took on Wilson Reis in April to tie Anderson Silva for the most title defenses in UFC history. That's a simple fact. Borg has won five of six fights, yet he's really a contender because Johnson has already beat up his entire proximity. Borg isn't the 39-year old Demian Maia trying to get his title shot with Woodley, riding a seven-fight win streak and a wave of sentimentality.
Borg is just next, which is pretty basic.
Johnson wants to uphold order, break the record, and get paid like a GOAT. Reasonable, really, considering he's been a straight-up champion in real life, too — married, father, true martial artist, monogamous with his camp, (traditionally a) company man, etc. He even attended the UFC Athlete Retreat, which is something your average everyday GOAT doesn't do.
It's easy to hear Johnson's side because the UFC's practice of bullying fighters into undesirable situations — threatening things like shutting down the division unless he complies — hits like a clam note to a good portion of the public. Each time something like this happens, the isolated screams for a union kick back up, but they never quite can become a together chant. Everybody sees the mismatch. Dana White is Goliath whose arms no longer come together with his body, and Demetrious is the P4P the greatest David of all time.
In a situation like that, the 125-pound David is going to be the rooting favorite.
The problem is…at the end of the day, these are their problems, and some people don't give a damn about the inner workings. If you were to poll fan interest in a fight between Dillashaw vs. Johnson or Borg vs. Johnson, here's guessing Dillashaw-Johnson would win out. Why? Dillashaw is a former champion who is known — who was in fact booked to fight for the bantamweight title until Cody Garbrandt withdrew with an injury — coming down in weight to challenge for a title. This feels like the bigger challenge.
There's nothing but thrill in that scenario, even if it's a cheap one.
Cheap because, should Dillashaw win, not only do you do away with an unsung champion who for was on the verge of becoming sung, but you get a mess. Dillashaw likely goes back up to try for a second belt (all the vogue right now), and the UFC gets more black smoke billowing on its landscape. What happens if Dillashaw doesn't make weight? That's a question Johnson is asking — and it's a valid question for a man on the brink of history. He wants assurances in the form of money.
Aw yes, money.
That's where the greatest matchmaker of all time needs to step in, the man on the hunnit, presenting himself in multitudes and plurals. If the UFC wants Johnson to fight Dillashaw, the solution is right there. Simply come correct. The UFC's hard ass bottom line needs to come up, and Johnson's historical relevance needs an orchestral swell. The UFC needs to embrace Johnson on the level he finds suitable, and Johnson needs to add a little patina to that GOAT distinction. Give it a worn in feel by taking out whomever they put in front of him.
So far the UFC's silence has been deafening.
Regardless what happens — whether it's Johnson vs. Dillashaw or Johnson vs. Borg — the more fascinating fight has been the one playing out right now between the smirking Ben Franklin and that bolt of electricity. In this fight, Johnson finds himself defending more than titles.
Thiruvananthapuram: Kerala chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan on Thursday flayed the strengthening of relations between India and Israel, saying the creation of a “US-Israel-India axis" was “dangerous".
The senior CPI-M leader in a Facebook post reminded India that it had always supported the Palestinian cause. “The Zionist aim is not only to establish a Jewish nation but also to completely wipe out Palestine," the chief minister said. He said it was difficult to accept the idea of a united fight against terrorism with Israel.
“India has also always opposed Israel's policy of oppression and Modi has taken a turnaround on that policy," Vijayan said. India has become a major purchaser of arms from Israel, he said, adding, “profits out of the arms deal (in Israel) are used for suppressing the Palestinian movement".
The BJP-led government's strategy reflects the “hate politics it practices in the name of religion and food", Vijayan added.
Louis van Gaal is similar to Sir Alex Ferguson and will restore glory to Manchester United, says former Red Ruud van Nistelrooy
Van Gaal is a 'Ferguson-type character', says former Man United striker
Van Nistelrooy adds that 'everyone will know who's the boss' when Holland coach arrives at Old Trafford
Holland takes on Mexico in World Cup last-16 tie on Sunday night
Ruud van Nistelrooy has compared Louis van Gaal's methods to those of Sir Alex Ferguson and tipped the Holland manager to restore glory to Manchester United.
The former striker worked under van Gaal during the new United manager's first spell as Dutch boss and called him a 'Ferguson-type character.'
Van Nistelrooy, who scored 150 goals in 219 matches for United between 2001 and 2006, is working as a pundit for ESPN during the world Cup.
VIDEO Scroll down for Louis van Gaal loses his temper during Netherlands training
Scouting report: Ruud van Nistelrooy (left) and Everton manager Roberto Martinez (second left) compare notes as they watch the Holland squad train in Rio de Janeiro ahead of their World Cup last-16 tie with Mexico. Both are working as pundits for ESPN
Complete control: Van Nistelrooy has compared the methods of Louis van Gaal to those of Sir Alex Ferguson and has tipped him to succeed when he takes over at Manchester United
Glory years: Van Nistelrooy believes van Gaal has the stature and acumen to restore Manchester United to the summit of English and European football
And speaking on air during Saturday's coverage, the 38-year-old said: 'Everyone will know who is the boss. He does everything himself.
'Louis has assistants, but he does all the coaching - every session. He's very hands-on.
'He is a Ferguson-type character and it's what they need now. Louis is a good manager.'
Van Gaal is set to take up the reins at Old Trafford after the end of the World Cup and has already signalled his intentions by signing Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw for a combined £58.8m.
Van Nistelrooy added that Van Gaal won't be taking any holiday and is keen to get stuck in to day-to-day life at United straight away.
New boy: Ander Herrera is unveiled at Old Trafford following his move from Athletic Bilbao
Unveiling: Luke Shaw has also joined United from Southampton and will be first choice left-back next season
He said: 'He will start work immediately at Manchester United after the World Cup.
'Louis won't have a holiday. He has to start immediately. There is pre-season training and he has to get to know the players.
'Then there is the tour to America and into the Premier League season. He will look at the players at United and if he sees someone he likes he will give them a chance.
'He likes to do that. He is prepared to promote. He won't just go out and just buy players.'
Double Dutch: Van Nistelrooy back at Old Trafford alongside another former United player, goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar
Goal machine: Van Nistelrooy celebrates one of his 150 goals for United
Van Gaal's arrival in Manchester could come sooner than expected if Holland lose to Mexico in their last-16 clash in Fortaleza on Sunday evening.
But after winning all three of their group matches - scoring 10 goals in the process - Holland will be favourites to advance.
Van Nistelrooy added: 'He is doing a good job here with Holland. This is better than everyone expected and he is very relaxed.
Close bond: Van Gaal gets on well with Robin van Persie, and should get the best out of him at Old Trafford
Leader: Van Gaal has fostered a feeling of optimism in the Holland camp as they prepare to take on Mexico in the last-16
'Arjen Robben has kept himself fit for two years and is better than ever. He is so important, with his pace, when we counter-attack.'
