Canadians are being given the opportunity to voice their opinions on a plan to build 75 wind turbines off the D-Day beaches in France.
A French commission holding public consultations on the project says the historical significance of the sites fully justifies the participation of any Canadian, British and American nationals who may have concerns.
The proposed turbines will be about 10 kilometres off the shore of Juno Beach, where 359 Canadians died during the D-Day attacks that marked a turning point in the Second World War.
The entire proposal rankles at least one Canadian who fought at Juno Beach.
Roy E. Eddy says he's personally very much against the plan because he thinks the project is going to be disrespectful to the memory of those who died.
The federal government says it understands and shares the concerns of those who fought for freedom.
"I have asked my senior officials to monitor this situation closely and report back to me as this open consultation process continues," Veterans Affairs Minister Steven Blaney said in a statement.
The consultations in France run till July 20.
Canadians can write in their opinions and register for updates on the debates being held over the project
Heather Callaghan
Activist Post
Many arrows point to the bee decline. A Harvard professor recently warned that Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD) is only the beginning for us. The ripple effect from new classes of pesticides is just getting started.
But there's more…
The problems they face can be compared to a kaleidoscope, where the shapes are layered, interconnected, many and morphing.
It's not only pesticides that lead to pollinator death – it's more. It's other things, the combination of things, thought to be harmless to bees and to humans.
Quartz reported last year:
Scientists had struggled to find the trigger for so-called Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD) that has wiped out an estimated 10 million beehives, worth $2 billion, over the past six years. Suspects have included pesticides, disease-bearing parasites and poor nutrition. But in a first-of-its-kind study published today in the journal PLOS ONE, scientists at the University of Maryland and the US Department of Agriculture have identified a witch's brew of pesticides and fungicides contaminating pollen that bees collect to feed their hives. The findings break new ground on why large numbers of bees are dying though they do not identify the specific cause of CCD, where an entire beehive dies at once.
Researchers fed pollen to bees from hives on the East Coast finding that the study bees were more likely to succumb to a parasite that can help lead to Colony Collapse Disorder. In the pollen it was discovered that there was a chemical cocktail of nine different pesticides and fungicides. One sample showed 21 chemicals and the bees exposed to fungicidal food were three times as likely to catch the parasite. (source)
In short, fungicides, thought to be safe to those that aren't fungi, are an oft-overlooked bee killer – especially when combined with others, where the effects are not seen immediately.
“Inert” ingredients are often worse than the main ingredients of chemical pesticides (Marla Spivak, below) – the combo of ingredients creates a multiplying effect. Neonicotinoids synergize with some fungicides heavily introduced in the mid-2000s when we saw a sharp bee drop-off. That makes fungicides more toxic to them and kills the immune response needed to withstand gut pathogens. This PAN writer explains the train wreck very well.
It's the cocktail mixture that does them in… Furthermore, there are spraying practices to consider, according to the researchers. Although they pull their focus away from neonicotinoids, it should not be forgotten that neonics are often treated on the seed, sometimes on the ground – they permeate the whole plant and do not wash off. They are indeed indicative of CCD. Sadly, the pollen samples tested on the bees were from wild weeds and flowers, not crop plantation, signifying that chemical residues do not stay with ag fields.
Picture someone with severe chemical sensitivity and all the health problems that come with it like new allergies and digestive disorders. At one point, the cumulative effect of toxins reached a tipping point. Even catching a whiff of just one more chemical sends them into sickness.
It's not just one problem that pollinators face…
If you tweet a picture from your living room using your smartphone, you're sharing far more than your new hairdo or the color of the wallpaper. You're potentially revealing the exact coordinates of your house to anyone on the Internet.
The GPS location information embedded in a digital photo is an example of so-called metadata, a once-obscure technical term that's become one of Washington's hottest new buzzwords.
The word first sprang from the lips of pundits and politicians earlier this month, after reports disclosed that the government has been secretly accessing the telephone metadata of Verizon customers, as well as online videos, emails, photos and other data collected by nine Internet companies. President Barack Obama hastened to reassure Americans that “nobody is listening to your phone calls,” while other government officials likened the collection of metadata to reading information on the outside of an envelope, which doesn't require a warrant.
But privacy experts warn that to those who know how to mine it, metadata discloses much more about us and our daily lives than the content of our communications.
So what is metadata? Simply put, it's data about data. An early example is the Dewey Decimal System card catalogs that libraries use to organize books by title, author, genre and other information. In the digital age, metadata is coded into our electronic transmissions.
“Metadata is information about what communications you send and receive, who you talk to, where you are when you talk to them, the lengths of your conversations, what kind of device you were using and potentially other information, like the subject line of your emails,” said Peter Eckersley, the technology projects director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital civil liberties group.
Powerful computer algorithms can analyze the metadata to expose patterns and to profile individuals and their associates, Eckersley said.
“Metadata is the perfect place to start if you want to troll through millions of people's communications to find patterns and to single out smaller groups for closer scrutiny,” he said. “It will tell you which groups of people go to political meetings together, which groups of people go to church together, which groups of people go to nightclubs together or sleep with each other.”
Metadata records of search terms and webpage visits also can reveal a log of your thoughts by documenting what you've been reading and researching, Eckersley said.
“That's certainly enough to know if you're pregnant or not, what diseases you have, whether you're looking for a new job, whether you're trying to figure out if the NSA is watching you or not,” he said, referring to the National Security Agency. Such information provides “a deeply intimate window into a person's psyche,” he added.
The more Americans rely on their smartphones and the Internet, the more metadata is generated
Metadata with GPS locations, for example, can trace a teenage girl to an abortion clinic or a patient to a psychiatrist's office, said Karen Reilly, the development director for The Tor Project, a U.S.-based nonprofit that produces technology to provide online anonymity and circumvent censorship.
Metadata can even identify a likely gun owner, she said.
“Never mind background checks, if you bring your cellphone to the gun range you probably have a gun,” Reilly said.
“People don't realize all the information that they're giving out,” she said. “You can try to secure it – you can use some tech tools, you can try to be a black hole online – but if you try to live your life the way people are expecting it, it's really difficult to control the amount of data that you're leaking all over the place.”
A former senior official of the National Security Agency said the government's massive collection of metadata allowed the agency to construct “maps” of an individual's daily movements, social connections, travel habits and other personal information.
“This is blanket. There is no constraint. No probable cause. No reasonable suspicion,” said Thomas Drake, who worked unsuccessfully for years to report privacy violations and massive waste at the agency to his superiors and Congress.
Metadata “is more useful than (the) content” of a telephone call, email or Internet search, Drake said in an interview. “It gets you a map over time. I get to map movements, connections, communities of interest. It's also a tracking mechanism.”
The NSA “can easily associate” a phone number with an identity, he added. “All location information comes from a (cellular) tower. There are tower records. They are doing this every single day. It's basically a data tap on metadata, and I can build a profile (of an individual) instantly.”
The agency has programs that also can mine the metadata of emails and other electronic information, Drake said.
With advances in data storage, he continued, the NSA is able to maintain massive amounts of metadata for as long as it wants. “This stuff is trivial to store,” he said.
Drake added that U.S. telecommunications companies are prohibited from publicly disclosing arrangements with the NSA and are protected under the Patriot Act from lawsuits. “They literally have the protection of the U.S. government from any, any lawsuit. The United States is literally turning into a surveillance state,” he said. “This is the new normal.”
At a hearing Wednesday on Capitol Hill, FBI Director Robert Mueller said metadata obtained under Section 215 of the Patriot Act had helped authorities “connect the dots” in investigations that had prevented 10 or 12 terrorist plots in recent years. Mueller defended the collection of metadata, saying there were plenty of safeguards in place that protect Americans' privacy. He warned against restricting or ending the program.
“What concerns me is you never know which dot is going to be key,” Mueller said. “What you want is as many dots as we can (get). If you close down a program like this, you are removing dots from the playing field.”
Kevin Thibodeaux contributed to this article.
Luke Wachob is a senior policy analyst at the Institute for Free Speech.
Last week, Virginia became the first state in the nation to elect an openly transgender state legislator. Democrat Danica Roem defeated Republican Robert G. Marshall, a longtime delegate who once called himself Virginia's "chief homophobe" and introduced a bill to regulate the use of bathrooms.
Roem's victory shows just how fast things can change in politics. But it also makes a broader point about political campaign rules: Strict regulations of campaign contributions do not necessarily make political systems more equal or more diverse.
Roem outraised Marshall 3-to-1 thanks in part to large donations from lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender advocates across the country. This was possible because Virginia is one of just a handful of states that impose no limits on who can contribute, or how much, to a political candidate.
Conventional wisdom suggests that "money in politics" is a rich man's game, but the wealthiest always find a way around regulations to make an impact. It's the grass roots — the outsiders most unfamiliar with politics — that suffer from complicated campaign-finance laws.
If new political movements are to gain traction, states need to make it easy for candidates to organize, raise funds and speak to voters. The harder it is to campaign, the more the advantages shift to incumbents and well-connected political operatives.
Roem's success shows how outsiders can benefit from a lighter touch. Chris Abele, the county executive in Milwaukee and chair of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund, personally contributed $190,000 to Roem's campaign. In fact, Roem said Abele gave her one $50,000 check in response to President Trump's announcement banning transgender individuals from serving in the military. In all but 11 states, Abele's political expression would have exceeded contribution limits and been prohibited by law.
More than half of the states limit contributions to state legislative candidates to $5,000 or less per election cycle. For Roem, similar restrictions in Virginia would have meant saying goodbye to more than $500,000 in five- and six-figure contributions to her campaign, or almost two-thirds of her total fundraising haul. Roem raised $779,289 in total, the Virginia Public Access Project reported.
In neighboring Kentucky or West Virginia, for instance, with limits that would have left her with a fraction of what she raised in Virginia, it's far from clear that Roem would have been able to prevail. Just as in other industries, financial support can be just what an outsider needs to kick-start campaigns. Passionate believers in an idea or product — such as an angel investor in finance, a wealthy patron of the arts or an early adopter in tech — are essential to bringing new ideas to the mainstream. So, too, in politics.
And just as in other fields, early investment doesn't guarantee success at the polls. Candidates bring their ideas to the voters, who either approve or reject them. That is why fears about large donors exerting undue influence on politics are mostly overblown.
You can't sell what people aren't buying — just ask Jeb Bush. Regardless of where a candidate's money comes from — in-state, out of state or both — local voters have the final say.
Marshall's constituents preferred Roem. That's democracy.
Too often we get impatient with democracy and try to change the rules of the game to engineer the outcomes we want. We should reject such pessimism. Who would have expected someone such as Danica Roem to win under Virginia's rules? Without extensive regulation of the political process, many argue, government is doomed to be dominated by the economically powerful — typically understood as old, white men.
Good news: Reality is not so bleak. Virginia's freedom for candidates and donors allowed Roem to harness the power of the national LGBT movement. As the Old Dominion welcomes its new delegate, maybe other states should consider adopting its methods.
Let the candidates campaign. Let the donors donate. Let the voters vote. Simple as that.
Something odd is happening in late night on CBS.
James Corden, the host of the 12:35 a.m. Late Late Show, was asked in a recent interview whether he'd like to take over the network's flagship Late Show from Stephen Colbert, who began the job less than a year ago. He said all the right things, of course—namely, “That's never going to happen”—and it's worth considering that interviewer Howard Stern is a noted provocateur. Still, the mere fact that the question could be credibly asked feels like uncomfortable news for the network, and for the man who was supposed to be its flagship star.
Colbert, though in my view the best of the three major late-night hosts, has had a rocky entry onto the network scene after hanging up his Colbert Report faux-conservative persona. Coming in to replace the well-established and immediately identifiable David Letterman, Colbert has seemed at times ill at ease with the anachronistic demands of being a late-night host, like interviews. A New York Times piece on Colbert's “uneven” first eight months cited an interview with Casey Affleck as particularly grim: “Neither acted as if he wanted to be there for the too-familiar promotional exercise.” Outside the realm of celebrity, he also hasn't found a voice on politics nearly as strong as the one he used to such great effect on Comedy Central. The appointment, in April, of a new executive producer suggested that the network wanted what Vulture's Joe Adalian called “a set of outside eyes.”
But while Colbert has seen some challenges, Corden has done nothing but win. On the night of the Super Bowl, when both CBS late night shows followed the game, Colbert seemed at times unsteady in his live broadcast, while Corden sucked up all the next-day press coverage with an edition of his wildly popular “Carpool Karaoke” segment and a Pepsi-ad parody with Cindy Crawford. (“Carpool Karaoke,” whose Adele edition got 107 million views online, also got its own primetime special.) The CBS upfront, an annual presentation directed at advertisers, placed Corden front and center as he opened the show with a parody of Hamilton, the frontrunner at this year's Tonys (which he will host); Colbert got less time, later on. He is behind NBC's Seth Meyers in the ratings, but Corden, bolstered by a huge following online, certainly feels as though he has a great deal of momentum.
Which leads to an uncomfortable situation, whereby CBS's biggest star doesn't quite feel like their biggest star. After all, if timeslot distinctions are growing less and less relevant—if fans, in the millions, can tune into a “Carpool Karaoke” video on YouTube—then what makes Colbert senior to Corden at all? Corden's recent appearance on Colbert's show seemed like an attempt to redress the balance, with Colbert mockingly dropping a pen every time the ebullient Corden dropped a name. The distinction between the pair's worldviews—one a charming cynic, the other simply a charmer—couldn't have been clearer.
And the onus to answer these questions will stay on Colbert, who'd do well to lean yet harder on the sort of bits that work best for him online (and, coincidentally enough, are the best): His interviews with newsmakers like DeRay Mckesson or Tim Cook. Being forced to prove one's worth day-in and day-out—the unglamorous work of a host—isn't comfortable. But left unresolved, questions like Stern's tend to blossom. Jay Leno used to say he'd never return to The Tonight Show when Conan O'Brien took it over, too.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Pin Email 6K Shares
USFW
On October 28, 2016, the US Fish & Wildlife seized 3 domestic F5+ Bengal cats during importation into the US by an active duty Army EOD family at the Boston MA, Airport. As of December 20, 2016, they are still being held in an undisclosed location from their owners by. Bengal Cats are domestic cats, science, all cat associations, veterinary medicine, popular culture and media recognize Bengal Cats as domestic animals with the acknowledged non-domestic ancestor of the Asian Leopard Cat , Prionailurus bengalensis.
USFW (U.S. Fish and Wildlife) considers Bengal Cats “Wildlife Hybrids” and has jurisdiction over Bengal Cats during international imports and exports regardless of generation. While the United States Department of Agriculture recognizes Bengal Cats as domestic cats and has jurisdiction over travel within the US, the USDA only requires an updated shots record and veterinarian health certificate prior to domestic air travel.
Along with a $55 US Customs fee, US Fish and Wildlife requires a $100 USFW Import/Export License which takes up to 60 days to process, 48 hours notice with $186 for inspection and a CITES permit for F1-F4 early generation Bengals for international imports/exports. However a CITES permit is not required for F5+ Bengal Cats with proof of no Asian Leopard Cats or early generation Bengals in the past four generations. Recent lineage while “generally interpreted” as the past four generations, does not lawfully require certified pedigrees and allows photocopied pedigrees or uncertified records that include the recent lineage, name and address of breeder and identifies the specimen by birth, sex, microchip number, or other mark. If the past four generations cannot be proven then the additional CITES permit is required.
Quote from 50 CFR 23.43:
“(2) For import, export, or re-export of an exempt wildlife hybrid without CITES documents, you must provide information at the time of import or export to clearly demonstrate that your specimen has no purebred CITES specimens in the previous four generations of its ancestry. If you are unable to clearly demonstrate this, you must obtain CITES documents.”
Prior to import the owners of the seized Bengals contacted the USDA and Boston Airport for information on importing F5+ domestic Bengal Cats. The USDA's information online shows domestic cats do not require additional permits or licenses and the airport only informed of a $55 standard acceptance form completed at US Customs. The owners are a newly developing cattery and did apply for a USFW license weeks prior to the seizure for intended use of early generation F1-F4 “hybrid” Bengals not knowing domestic F5's were still considered “wildlife” by USFW. The USFW website has numerous broken links for information on CITES permits and commercial trade along with limited clear information on generational regulations for the general public to follow concerning the Bengal Cat breed.
When one of the owners arrived at the Boston airport to pick up, USFW intervened and requested additional information on the cats, along with pedigrees and an USFW import/export license. The owner was in complete shock and told the inspector these were domestic cats and didn't understand why they were considered under USFW jurisdiction. The inspector began to explain that Bengal Cats are descendants of Asian Leopard Cats and considered wildlife hybrids regardless of generation. The inspector was willing to bring the owner in compliance to accept the animals and requested the pedigrees and USFW declaration forms to be filled out. After a long review the inspector returned and informed the owner that the cats could not be released and seized due to illegal ancestors in the late ancestry. The owner requested the names claimed to be illegal and a public policy that enforced it, the inspector was not able to provide either.
Later that week a long list of names was provided and after extensive research by the owner the list was narrowed down to 7 original names related to a lawsuit between USFW and another Bengal breeder in the mid 2000s. The illegal names in question were also F5+ Bengal Cats and were privately deemed illegal by USFW for being disclosed as DSH (Domestic Short Haired) during export from the United States without USFW permits. The owner of the 3 cats seized publicly declared theirs as Bengal Cats and not DSH.
The determination of CITES (F1-F4 Bengals) versus Non-CITES (F5+ Bengals) only reviews the past four generations, the inspector listed ancestors beyond the pedigrees provided and went as far back as 10th great grandparents. How the inspector retrieved such information not provided by the owners is highly questionable and pending result of FOIA requests. A record, policy or list of illegal ancestors is undisclosed by USFW with no public policy in place for the general public to follow. When the owners asked how Bengal cat breeders would be aware of such unlawful names they were advised to learn it from the industry, or better know as community hearsay. The inspector also advised that pre-inspection of pedigrees is not technically allowed and typically not performed until after a shipment arrives at the facility, this practice varies by inspector and not equally enforced at all regions.
It is believed that an ancestry ban is not legally enforceable due to certified pedigrees not being legally required for all imports/exports and therefore explains why there isn't a public policy posted by USFW. In the beginning the owners were confused and misjudged with lack of diligence for not having an USFW license and 48 hours notice of inspection, when in reality the seizure ultimately occurred due to an undisclosed ancestry ban.
First time offenders do not typically have their Bengal Cats seized, if the owners were not able to supply information for the past 4 generations they could have been brought into compliance with a CITES permit and allowed to bring their Bengal Cats home that day. Sadly due to willing providing pedigrees, even if the owners had the USFW license with 48 hours notice, the inspector likely could have attempted to seize the cats based on the undisclosed illegal ancestors ban.
If you would like to join the fight in encouraging USFW to change their policy considering Bengal Cats as Wildlife, to participate in an online signature petition visit:
Change.org Petition: USFW – Recognize the Bengal breed as domestic cats!
The owners are also facing possible legal fees, boarding costs, USFW fees and potential fines. If you was interested in assisting the military family in need, please visit:
Stop the US Fish & Wildlife from seizing domestic cats!
Document: Judge Collier's order A federal judge today dismissed two counts against a 65-year-old Tennessee man who was convicted of plotting to burn down a Muslim community after an eight-day trial in federal court earlier this year. View Document
A federal judge today dismissed two counts against a 65-year-old Tennessee man who was convicted of plotting to burn down a Muslim community after an eight-day trial in federal court earlier this year.
Robert Doggart, of Sequatchie County, Tenn., was convicted of solicitation to commit a civil rights violation, solicitation to burn down a mosque, and two counts of making threats via interstate commerce.
Prosecutors said Doggart attempted to recruit about 10 individuals on right-wing social media sites between February 2015 and April 2015 to travel armed to Islamberg near Hancock, N.Y.
The former Tennessee Valley Authority engineer believed the community was a training ground for terrorists and wanted to see for himself whether its members were planning an attack on New York or the Delaware River. To that end, prosecutors played numerous wiretapped phone calls in February in which Doggart discussed using assault weapons, machetes, and demolition equipment on the roughly 70-acre commune. In one, he referred to children as "collateral damage."
But U.S. District Judge Curtis Collier said today jurors did not have sufficient evidence to prove two of Doggart's charges beyond a reasonable doubt—specifically, threats via interstate commerce, which are based on two phones calls from March 22 and April 9.
"The court determines there was not enough evidence for the jury to have found beyond a reasonable doubt [Doggart] made threats on those dates for the purpose of effecting a change or achieving a goal through intimidation," Collier wrote in an opinion, released today.
Interstate commerce refers to the purchase, sale, or transportation of people, money and other goods between different states—and whether Doggart made a threat via interstate commerce has been long-debated in this case.
"A communication in interstate can only violate [federal code] if it satisfies the legal definition of a 'true threat,'" Collier wrote in his opinion.
A true threat goes beyond a political argument, idle talk or jest, and as Collier wrote in his opinion, citing case law, it must be "conveyed to effect some change or achieve some goal through intimidation."
Defense attorneys argued at trial — and in several motions afterwards — that Doggart couldn't have intimidated anybody at Islamberg because its residents didn't learn about the plot until after the 65-year-old's arrest on April 10, 2015.
For example, when prosecutors called community member Noori Brooks, who testified that he and his wife owned a bookstore on the second-story of Islamberg's mosque, defense attorneys countered that Zavia Books didn't print its first book until May 2015 — which was after Doggart's arrest.
As Collier pointed out, the store "was preparing for operation in the months before that, buying its first piece of heavy equipment in approximately April 2015."
But where prosecutors fell flat, the judge said, was arguing that Doggart's conversations were serious enough "to be true threats."
"There was no evidence to support what is also required: that the words Defendant said to [one conspirator] were, in and of themselves, intended to further a goal through intimidation," Collier wrote.
"The government tries to gloss over this lack of evidence by describing [Doggart's] goal as intimidating his victims by committing, in the future, the firebombing and killing he was discussing on March 22 and April 9.
"But to be a 'true threat,'" Collier continued, "it must be the words themselves that are intended to intimidate, not any actions that may grow out of the words."
Doggart, who was scheduled for sentencing May 31, faced up to 40 years between all four charges, prosecutors said in February.
It's unclear now how much time Doggart faces.
Prior to Collier's ruling today, his attorneys argued that Doggart should spend closer to a year in prison.
Collier reset Doggart's sentencing date to June 14 at 10 a.m. after defense attorneys asked for more time to prepare.
Doggart remains imprisoned in the meantime in federal custody in Dekalb County, Ala.
This is a developing story. Please check back later for more information.
More than 2,000 criminal cases in Baltimore could be thrown out as a result of a retrial motion accusing the state's attorney's office and police of “deliberate and willful misrepresentation” of their methods of evidence collection — and attorneys say there may be many more such cases.
At the center of the dispute is a device called a “stingray.” About the size of a briefcase, it functions as a fake cellphone tower that extracts metadata, location information and in some cases content from cellphones.
The stingray is among the evidence- and intelligence-collection tools that the federal government apparently wishes to keep hidden from the public — so hidden that an investigation by The Guardian in April revealed that the FBI required local police departments and prosecutors to sign a nondisclosure agreement preventing them from revealing their use of the device. The agreement compelled prosecutors to go as far as withdrawing or dropping cases in which stingray use might be exposed.
Attorney Josh Insley, who filed the motion on behalf of a client, told The Guardian: “It shocks the conscience that a police commissioner and an elected State's Attorney would conspire to commit obstruction of justice unless the FBI told them they could disclose.”
The Guardian reports:
Defence attorneys and civil liberties activists told the Guardian that prosecutors and police departments go to extraordinary lengths to avoid being forced to reveal their use of these devices. They do this by using Stingrays in the first instance, then reverse-engineering a case which they can safely bring to trial without mentioning the surveillance equipment. In other instances, according to Nate Wessler, a staff attorney at the ACLU's speech, privacy and technology project, police would present “inscrutable euphemisms” to courts. “Terms like ‘we located this phone using information from a confidential source', which sounds a whole lot like they had an informant; it doesn't sound like they were using a sophisticated electronic device forcing all phones in the area to report back,” Wessler told the Guardian. “Those efforts to hide what the police were doing are very difficult to smoke out.” “It's really very frightening,” Natalie Finegar, the deputy public defender for Baltimore city, told the Guardian. She said that her office was starting the process of going through their clients' cases to see if the police and prosecutors had committed a “discovery violation” in not disclosing the use of Stingray devices – starting with currently incarcerated clients. Finegar said that it was “too early to tell” how many cases might be affected. “We know there's 2,000 potential cases,” she told the Guardian, “but there may be more.”
Read more here.
— Posted by Alexander Reed Kelly.
When you're using JPA – sometimes – JPQL won't do the trick and you'll have to resort to native SQL. From the very beginning, ORMs like Hibernate kept an open “backdoor” for these cases and offered a similar API to Spring's JdbcTemplate, to Apache DbUtils, or to jOOQ for plain SQL. This is useful as you can continue using your ORM as your single point of entry for database interaction.
However, writing complex, dynamic SQL using string concatenation is tedious and error-prone, and an open door for SQL injection vulnerabilities. Using a type safe API like jOOQ would be very useful, but you may find it hard to maintain two different connection, transaction, session models within the same application just for 10-15 native queries.
But the truth is:
You are an use jOOQ for your JPA native queries!
That's true! There are several ways to achieve this.
Fetching tuples (i.e. Object[])
The simplest way will not make use of any of JPA's advanced features and simply fetch tuples in JPA's native Object[] form for you. Assuming this simple utility method:
public static List<Object[]> nativeQuery( EntityManager em, org.jooq.Query query ) { // Extract the SQL statement from the jOOQ query: Query result = em.createNativeQuery(query.getSQL()); // Extract the bind values from the jOOQ query: List<Object> values = query.getBindValues(); for (int i = 0; i < values.size(); i++) { result.setParameter(i + 1, values.get(i)); } return result.getResultList(); }
Using the API
This is all you need to bridge the two APIs in their simplest form to run “complex” queries via an EntityManager :
List<Object[]> books = nativeQuery(em, DSL.using(configuration) .select( AUTHOR.FIRST_NAME, AUTHOR.LAST_NAME, BOOK.TITLE ) .from(AUTHOR) .join(BOOK) .on(AUTHOR.ID.eq(BOOK.AUTHOR_ID)) .orderBy(BOOK.ID)); books.forEach((Object[] book) -> System.out.println(book[0] + " " + book[1] + " wrote " + book[2]));
Agreed, not a lot of type safety in the results – as we're only getting an Object[] . We're looking forward to a future Java that supports tuple (or even record) types like Scala or Ceylon.
So a better solution might be the following:
Fetching entities
Let's assume you have the following, very simple entities:
@Entity @Table(name = "book") public class Book { @Id public int id; @Column(name = "title") public String title; @ManyToOne public Author author; } @Entity @Table(name = "author") public class Author { @Id public int id; @Column(name = "first_name") public String firstName; @Column(name = "last_name") public String lastName; @OneToMany(mappedBy = "author") public Set<Book> books; }
And let's assume, we'll add an additional utility method that also passes a Class reference to the EntityManager :
public static <E> List<E> nativeQuery( EntityManager em, org.jooq.Query query, Class<E> type ) { // Extract the SQL statement from the jOOQ query: Query result = em.createNativeQuery( query.getSQL(), type); // Extract the bind values from the jOOQ query: List<Object> values = query.getBindValues(); for (int i = 0; i < values.size(); i++) { result.setParameter(i + 1, values.get(i)); } // There's an unsafe cast here, but we can be sure // that we'll get the right type from JPA return result.getResultList(); }
Using the API
This is now rather slick, just put your jOOQ query into that API and get JPA entities back from it – the best of both worlds, as you can easily add/remove nested collections from the fetched entities as if you had fetched them via JPQL:
List<Author> authors = nativeQuery(em, DSL.using(configuration) .select() .from(AUTHOR) .orderBy(AUTHOR.ID) , Author.class); // This is our entity class here authors.forEach(author -> { System.out.println(author.firstName + " " + author.lastName + " wrote"); books.forEach(book -> { System.out.println(" " + book.title); // Manipulate the entities here. Your // changes will be persistent! }); });
Fetching EntityResults
If you're extra-daring and have a strange affection for annotations, or you just want to crack a joke for your coworkers just before you leave on vacation, you can also resort to using JPA's javax.persistence.SqlResultSetMapping . Imagine the following mapping declaration:
@SqlResultSetMapping( name = "bookmapping", entities = { @EntityResult( entityClass = Book.class, fields = { @FieldResult(name = "id", column = "b_id"), @FieldResult(name = "title", column = "b_title"), @FieldResult(name = "author", column = "b_author_id") } ), @EntityResult( entityClass = Author.class, fields = { @FieldResult(name = "id", column = "a_id"), @FieldResult(name = "firstName", column = "a_first_name"), @FieldResult(name = "lastName", column = "a_last_name") } ) } )
Essentially, the above declaration maps database columns ( @SqlResultSetMapping -> entities -> @EntityResult -> fields -> @FieldResult -> column ) onto entities and their corresponding attributes. With this powerful technique, you can generate entity results from any sort of SQL query result.
Again, we'll be creating a small little utility method:
public static <E> List<E> nativeQuery( EntityManager em, org.jooq.Query query, String resultSetMapping ) { // Extract the SQL statement from the jOOQ query: Query result = em.createNativeQuery( query.getSQL(), resultSetMapping); // Extract the bind values from the jOOQ query: List<Object> values = query.getBindValues(); for (int i = 0; i < values.size(); i++) { result.setParameter(i + 1, values.get(i)); } // This implicit cast is a lie, but let's risk it return result.getResultList(); }
Note that the above API makes use of an anti-pattern, which is OK in this case, because JPA is not a type safe API in the first place.
Using the API
Now, again, you can pass your type safe jOOQ query to the EntityManager via the above API, passing the name of the SqlResultSetMapping along like so:
List<Object[]> result = nativeQuery(em, DSL.using(configuration .select( AUTHOR.ID.as("a_id"), AUTHOR.FIRST_NAME.as("a_first_name"), AUTHOR.LAST_NAME.as("a_last_name"), BOOK.ID.as("b_id"), BOOK.AUTHOR_ID.as("b_author_id"), BOOK.TITLE.as("b_title") ) .from(AUTHOR) .join(BOOK).on(BOOK.AUTHOR_ID.eq(AUTHOR.ID)) .orderBy(BOOK.ID)), "bookmapping" // The name of the SqlResultSetMapping ); result.forEach((Object[] entities) -> { JPAAuthor author = (JPAAuthor) entities[1]; JPABook book = (JPABook) entities[0]; System.out.println(author.firstName + " " + author.lastName + " wrote " + book.title); });
The result in this case is again an Object[] , but this time, the Object[] doesn't represent a tuple with individual columns, but it represents the entities as declared by the SqlResultSetMapping annotation.
This approach is intriguing and probably has its use when you need to map arbitrary results from queries, but still want managed entities. We can only recommend Thorben Janssen‘s interesting blog series about these advanced JPA features, if you want to know more:
Conclusion
Choosing between an ORM and SQL (or between Hibernate and jOOQ, in particular) isn't always easy.
ORMs shine when it comes to applying object graph persistence, i.e. when you have a lot of complex CRUD, involving complex locking and transaction strategies.
SQL shines when it comes to running bulk SQL, both for read and write operations, when running analytics, reporting.
When you're “lucky” (as in – the job is easy), your application is only on one side of the fence, and you can make a choice between ORM and SQL. When you're “lucky” (as in – ooooh, this is an interesting problem), you will have to use both. (See also Mike Hadlow's interesting article on the subject)
The message here is: You can! Using JPA's native query API, you can run complex queries leveraging the full power of your RDBMS, and still map results to JPA entities. You're not restricted to using JPQL.
Side-note
While we've been critical with some aspects of JPA in the past (read How JPA 2.1 has become the new EJB 2.0 for details), our criticism has been mainly focused on JPA's (ab-)use of annotations. When you're using a type safe API like jOOQ, you can provide the compiler with all the required type information easily to construct results. We're convinced that a future version of JPA will engage more heavily in using Java's type system, allowing a more fluent integration of SQL, JPQL, and entity persistence.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 14, 2017, 1:42 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 15, 2017, 8:39 AM GMT By Claudio Lavanga and Don Melvin
VATICAN CITY — Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas met with Pope Francis on Saturday before officially inaugurating the Palestinian embassy to the Holy See.
The official opening of the embassy is certain to rankle the Israeli government, which objects to any official recognition of a Palestinian state, and it comes on the eve of a key international conference on Middle East peace in Paris.
Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas (left) talks with Pope Francis (right) during a private audience at the Vatican on Saturday. GIUSEPPE LAMI / AFP - Getty Images
The embassy, in a building owned by the Holy See, has been operational at least since October. Nevertheless, Saturday's ceremony will highlight the Vatican's recognition of Palestine as an independent country.
In their talks, which lasted 23 minutes, Abbas and Francis appeared to look ahead to Sunday's international peace conference.
According to the Vatican, the discussion between the two "turned to the peace process in the Middle East, and hope was expressed that direct negotiations between the parties may be resumed to bring an end to the violence that causes unacceptable suffering to civilian populations, and to find a just and lasting solution."
Related: Vatican Accord With Palestinians Comes Into Effect
"To this end, it is hoped that, with the support of the international community, measures can be taken that favor mutual trust and contribute to creating a climate that permits courageous decisions to be made in favor of peace," the statement continued.
Relations between the Palestinians and the Vatican have strengthened in recent years.
In 2012 the Vatican welcomed the decision by the U.N. General Assembly to grant Palestine a “non-member observer state” status. In 2014, during his visit to Israel and the “State of Palestine” — as described in the itinerary published by the Holy See — Francis defended the Palestinians' right to a "sovereign and independent" homeland.
And in 2015, the Vatican identified Palestine as a sovereign state in a signed agreementrecognizing freedom of religion in Palestine, outlining the rights and obligations of the Church there, and backing a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict.
Saturday's meeting between the pope and Abbas was their third, and its timing was significant. In addition to taking place the day before the Paris conference, it also came less than a week before the presidential inauguration of Donald Trump, who has supported relocating the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem — a move the Palestinians vehemently oppose and which runs counter to decades of policy.
Israel and the Palestinians, who are seeking a country of their own under what is known as the two-state solution, both claim Jerusalem as their capital. Successive U.S. administrations have said the status of Jerusalem — which Israel has declared its "united and eternal capital" but is home to sites sacred to Jews, Muslims and Christians — must be negotiated.
Francis has urged Israel and the Palestinians to bridge their differences.
"May Israelis and Palestinians have the courage and the determination to write a new page of history, where hate and revenge give way to the will to build together a future of mutual understanding and harmony," Francis said in his Christmas address.
On Jan. 9, during his traditional New Year's greetings to the Holy See diplomatic corps, the pope renewed the Vatican's appeal for the resumption of dialogue toward “a stable and enduring solution that guarantees the peaceful coexistence of two states within internationally recognized borders.”
The Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts has ruled that no search warrant is required to check the recent call list of a flip phone seized during a lawful arrest. However, the Court in Commonwealth v. Phifer emphasized that the ruling is narrow and fact-specific. Different facts, a more invasive search, or a more complex phone could result in a different outcome, said the Massachusetts high court. In the case, police witnessed a drug deal, arrested the dealer, and then checked the phone's call log for evidence of recent drug sales. The Massachusetts Court analogized searching the phone in these circumstances to searching a container that could contain contraband. The Supreme Judicial Court issued a similar ruling in a contemporaneous companion case, Commonwealth v. Berry. In a previous Massachusetts case in which EPIC filed a "friend of the court" brief, the Supreme Judicial Court ruled that sensitive data obtained from GPS tracking requires a search warrant. For more information, see EPIC: Locational Privacy and EPIC: Commonwealth v. Connolly.
Are you still grieving over the US men's national team missing out on the World Cup? That's okay, it was a rough ride, and this one is going to sting for a long time - one suspects at least until the next round of qualification. But when you're at your absolute lowest is the time for critical self-examination. That's what Clint Dempsey thinks anyway, as he said after training with the Sounders.
"It's disappointing obviously for everybody,” he said. “But maybe it's an opportunity now to look at youth development, to look at coaching, to look at style of play, and maybe it's one of those situations [where] you take a step back to [take] two forward. I think we need to take a look at it.”
There's obviously been a lot of criticism since the failure to qualify; for Bruce Arena, for Sunil Gulati, and for the players themselves. Now with USSF elections coming up, a lot of people are putting Gulati under the microscope (more than usual anyway) and with USSF's surplus reportedly at $130-140 million instead of the measly $100M originally reported, the federation has the resources to do a lot with their youth programs.
If the MNT had qualified and gone to the World Cup and made a run for knockout rounds that definitely would have been good for the program. But smaller problems also definitely would have been papered over or ignored. Now that the marathon is over, there's time and space to go to the doctor and get those nagging little pains checked out. Even if Gulati stays on as president (stay tuned for more on him and his opponents in this election) the crowds are restless. Everyone is asking questions, as well they should, and even though we're in the hole now, asking those questions to figure out why is the only way we'll properly get back out of it.
Serious questions are being raised over controversial proposals that could lure the multi-trillion share listing of Saudi Arabia oil giant Aramco to London. RT UK looks at some other times Britain has been accused of bending the rules for its close ally.
London is battling with stock exchanges around the world to host the lucrative float of Saudi state-owned Aramco, which is said to be valued at more than £1.5 trillion – a figure that would make it the biggest share floatation in history. A listing in the capital would be seen as a major victory for the City and boost the UK economy in the wake of Brexit.
Aramco plans to list five percent of its shares in London or another stock market in the West. Current UK rules state more than 25 percent of shares should be listed to stop a single shareholder having too much dominance.
However, proposals put forward by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) could allow for Aramco to sidestep the rules and qualify for a “premium” listing.
It is certainly not the first time Britain has let Saudi Arabia play by its own rules. From ignoring human rights abuses in the country to burying terrorism reports, the UK is not afraid to turn a blind eye to preserve its lucrative relationship with the Gulf kingdom.
What terrorism report?
A report into terrorism funding in the UK has been permanently shelved, sparking widespread condemnation amid claims the government is trying to cover up substantial evidence of Saudi Arabia funding terrorist organizations in Britain.
The report, commissioned by former Prime Minister David Cameron, will not be published because of “national security reasons” and the “vast amount of personal information” it contains, according to the government.
READ MORE: Theresa May denies suppressing report on Saudi terrorism funding to protect UK arms deals
However, critics say Prime Minister Theresa May is sitting on the report in order to protect diplomatic ties and lucrative trade deals with Saudi Arabia.
Britain and Yemen
When Britain's part in the Middle Eastern crisis is mentioned, many people would think of Iraq, Afghanistan or Syria. But Britain's role in the destabilization and destruction of Yemen is often lost in the mainstream media.
In the last two years, the UK has licensed the sale of £3 billion (US$3.86 billion) worth of arms to the Saudi government. The sales have come under sustained scrutiny since the start of the Saudi-led bombing campaign in Yemen.
Amnesty International says the airstrikes are killing and injuring thousands of civilians, adding that some attacks are “indiscriminate, disproportionate or directed against civilian objects including schools, hospitals, markets and mosques.”
The United Nations estimates around 2.5 million people have been displaced during the conflict, and 17,000 people have died.
Despite this, Britain appears to be turning a blind eye to the conflict, with Saudi Arabia remaining the UK's most important weapons client.
Arms sales have included Typhoon and Tornado jets and the UK has had military personnel embedded in Saudi headquarters throughout the Yemen conflict.
Silence over human rights abuses
Saudi Arabia's human rights record has repeatedly been called into question.
Read more
Saudi authorities continue their arbitrary arrests, trials and convictions of peaceful dissidents, curbing freedom of expression. Dozens of human rights defenders and activists continue to serve long prison sentences for criticizing authorities or advocating political and rights reforms.
Women face discrimination, as do religious minorities. Women cannot drive a car, wear clothes that “show off their beauty,” interact with men they are not related to in public, or try on clothes when shopping.
Sharia law is national law. Judges routinely sentence defendants to floggings of hundreds of lashes. Children can be tried for capital crimes and sentenced as adults if there are physical signs of puberty.
Despite this, May has no problem traveling to Riyadh to mingle with Saudi Arabia's leaders. One of her first international visits since triggering Article 50 was to Saudi Arabia for a visit she hoped will “herald a further intensification” in relations.
Blair drops arms investigation
In 2006, Tony Blair's government abandoned a corruption investigation into a multibillion-pound arms deal between British Aerospace Systems (BAE) and Saudi Arabia, after Saudi threats of “repercussions.”
The Serious Fraud Office was looking into allegations of fraud, corruption and bribery allegations involving the Saudi royals and BAE in its Al Yamamah arms deal.
According to court documents released in 2008, Saudi Arabia's rulers threatened to make it easier for terrorists to attack London unless the probe was dropped – and Blair caved, claiming “British lives on British streets” were at risk.
The dropping of the inquiry triggered an international outcry, with allegations Britain had broken international anti-bribery treaties.
In 2008, the High Court ruled Blair's government broke the law when it abandoned the investigation.
In 2011, President Obama named Richard Cordray (right) head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Elizabeth Warren wrote about the formation of the agency in her book.
WASHINGTON — Elizabeth Warren came face to face with the harsh political realities of Washington in a pair of 2010 White House meetings with President Obama.
The first, according to her new memoir, was in the Oval Office. Obama told her that he dared not appoint her to head the consumer agency she created, because she made Senate Republicans and Wall Street bankers “very nervous.”
A few weeks later, meeting outside for a chat that became as uncomfortable as the hot weather, Obama asked Warren to do the setup work for the consumer protection agency that she would not lead. When she resisted, Obama got testy.
Advertisement
“You're jamming me, Elizabeth,” Obama said.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“He urged me not to overplay my hand,'' she writes. “Got it.''
The White House scenes are some of the more revealing inside tales Warren relays in her new memoir, “A Fighting Chance,” in which Warren portrays herself as an idealistic outsider, persistently fighting the excesses and political power of Wall Street. Obtained by the Globe in advance of next week's release date, the campaign-style book undoubtedly will stoke more calls for the Massachusetts Democrat, who won her US Senate seat in 2012, to mount a 2016 presidential campaign. Even though Warren has insisted she will not run for president in the next election, the book and her heavy promotional tour will keep her in the national spotlight.
Unlike the former Harvard law professor's previous books, which focused on policy prescriptions and economic studies, this one is written in a folksy style and contains extensive biographical sections and family photos, along with colorful stories from her battles over financial regulations in Washington.
Kelly Campbell The cover of the new book.
“It's not the book that would have been on the syllabus for her Harvard Law School class,” said Chris Lehane, a San Francisco-based Democratic consultant. If she runs, he said, “it will be on the syllabus of every reporter covering the presidential election in 2016.”
Advertisement
Throughout the book, Warren also interweaves personal details, writing how she engaged in national policy debates by day while having nightly conversations with her pregnant daughter, or of running a high-profile Senate campaign while dealing with the emotional toll of her ailing dog, Otis.
Warren is planning a six-week book tour that, in addition to Cambridge, Boston, Worcester, and Springfield, will take her to New York, Washington, Chicago, Los Angeles, Seattle, and Portland, Ore.
The book is being published by Metropolitan Books, a division of Henry Holt and Co. The original working title was “Rigged,” to describe how she believes the Wall Street economy is stacked against average Americans, but was changed to the more optimistic “A Fighting Chance.”
Neither the publisher nor Warren's office would reveal the size of her advance, although some industry sources have estimated it likely topped $1 million.
The book spans the compelling biographical arc that is familiar to many Massachusetts voters but may be new to her national following — her Oklahoma upbringing, her law degree and populist advocacy, teaching at Harvard Law, her Washington battles, and finally her 2012 Senate race.
Advertisement
She writes about growing up in a struggling middle-class family, her drive to shape her career, and how it contributed to the collapse of her first marriage. She spends several pages describing the family connections that have led her to assert a partial Native American heritage, for which she was criticized by Republicans in her 2012 Senate campaign.
But most of the book is about her travails in Washington, including early work on bankruptcy issues with the late Senator Edward M. Kennedy (Warren still has a voice mail from Kennedy on her phone, which she listened to during her 2012 campaign). In the midst of the 2008 financial crisis, after preparing peach cobbler and iced tea, she got a call out of the blue from Harry Reid.
“Who?” Warren asked.
“Um, Harry Reid,” he replied. “Majority leader, US Senate.”
He asked her to lead a congressional oversight panel that was set up as part of the bank bailouts, a springboard that helped Warren emerge as a key figure in Washington debates and champion her cause of creating a new agency to protect consumers from predatory lending practices.
In April 2009, she writes, she received an invitation to dinner from Larry Summers, her former Harvard colleague who was one of the new president's top economic advisers. Eventually, Summers leaned back in his chair and gave Warren some advice.
“He teed it up this way: I had a choice. I could be an insider, or I could be an outsider,” Warren writes. Outsiders could say what they want, he told her, but people on the inside don't listen to them. Insiders get more access to push their ideas to powerful people.
“But insiders also understand one unbreakable rule: They don't criticize other insiders,” Summers told Warren, she writes. “I had been warned.”
Summers declined to comment.
Later, her relationship with Summers would turn frosty. And after legislation creating the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Summers and other Obama advisers reportedly opposed nominating Warren to run it.
The White House declined to comment on Warren's book.
After she agreed to help set up the agency, Warren recounts, she was with Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Obama, about to go to the Rose Garden for a press conference. Obama said they would all go out together.
“Well, not all at once,” he said. “This isn't a Three Stooges routine.”
The three of them laughed, and then launched into a round of Three Stooges gags.
“By any objective measure, I'm sure we were all pretty lame, but I was impressed,” Warren writes. “The president and the secretary knew a lot of Moe, Larry, and Curly routines. Surely the country was in good hands.”
On her first day on the job, Geithner — who Warren often disagreed with — took her out to lunch. When she showed up at his office, he presented her with a present: a cop's hat.
Then they got into the back seat of an SUV that was driven by a security detail. Warren put her seat belt on; Geithner didn't.
“Like a bossy third-grade teacher, I looked at him and said, ‘Put on your seat belt, Mr. Secretary,' ” Warren writes. “Like a naughty kid, he looked back and said, ‘I don't have to.' ”
They continued arguing the point, and Warren thinks she raised her voice.
“He didn't put on his seat belt all the way to the restaurant,” she writes. On the way back, after debating the role of government in the financial markets, he did put on his seat belt.
Once Obama nominated someone else to run the bureau, Warren packed her bags and — after a trip to Legoland with her children, grandchildren, nieces, and nephews — began considering running for US Senate in Massachusetts.
Incumbent Senator Scott Brown, she says, had tons of positives – including that he was “the kind of guy who might be played by Tom Cruise in the movie version of his life.” She casts herself as a reluctant political novice who stood little chance.
“Don't do it,” her son, Alex, told her. “It'll ruin your life.”
But after getting in the race, Warren writes, she was suddenly recognized by people while waiting for the next MBTA train, about the challenges of running as a woman (“anyone wants to offer a witty comment about my glasses or my hair?”), or about losing weight on the campaign trail (she began hitching her pants in back with a big safety pin).
Warren also devotes several pages to the sensitive subject of her partial Native American heritage.
“As a kid, I had learned about my Native American background the same way every kid learns about who they are: from family,” she writes. “I never questioned my family's stories or asked my parents for proof or documentation. What kid would?”
Her ancestry became a major issue during the campaign, and Warren says she was stunned by the attacks – and that she couldn't provide documentation because her family hadn't registered any tribal affiliation.
“In Oklahoma, that was pretty common,” she writes. “But knowing who you are is one thing, and proving who you are is another.”
She reiterated that she did not use her background to gain special treatment. “I never asked for special treatment when I applied to college, to law school, or for jobs,” she writes.
By Election Day, Warren was leading in many polls. That night, inside the Fairmont Copley Plaza Hotel, she practiced a victory speech and a concession speech. Then, she stood alone in a room and thought about her mother.
“She showed me what it meant to grow up, to be responsible, to do what needed to be done,” Warren writes. “And now the daughter of a telephone operator and a maintenance man might be going to the United States Senate.”
Matt Viser can be reached at matt.viser@globe.com
Bengaluru: The Karnataka government has taken a calculated social decision to keep eggs off the midday meal platter. Keeping in mind the sensitivities of the vegetarian sections of society, and the donor NGOs to the meal scheme, the government has resolved not to introduce eggs.Two years ago, the education department had recommended that children be given eggs too. After dithering for months, the government finally buckled to pressure. Instead, the authorities have decided to supplement the meal with milk, under Karnataka's flagship Ksheera Bhagya scheme.In Madhya Pradesh, chief minister Shivaraj Singh Chauhan also decided to keep eggs off the noon meal scheme.Considered a non-vegetarian produce, eggs are taboo among a few sects of society. Sources in the midday meals section of the education department said even if the government reconsiders its decision to introduce eggs in midday meals, it will be an uphill task to maintain enrolment for the scheme in schools.In 2013-14, a Joint Review Mission (JRM) which visited Karnataka suggested ensuring “wholesome growth” of children who subscribe to midday meals. One suggestion made by the JRM was: “Students need supplementary food like snacks, bananas and eggs, as in other states.” The JRM is scheduled to visit the state later this month.Though data by the Right To Food campaign has revealed that across nutrition schemes, the best states consistently providing eggs are Bihar, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Kerala, while Karnataka has been reluctant on this front.One major reason is said to be opposition from the prominent Lingayat community. “If we were to introduce eggs, children will start dropping out of the scheme and eventually, from the schools. It's a risk which the state seems unlikely to take,” said an education officer.Coupled with the social factor, donors who prepare and serve midday meals to schoolchildren, also play a major role in stalling any decision by the government to include eggs, sources said.The three biggest NGOs, Akshya Patra by the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon), Adamya Chetana run by Tejaswini Ananth Kumar, wife of Union minister for chemicals and fertilizers, and the Akhila Karnataka Kannada Kasturi Sangha provide midday meals to 1,062 schools in Karnataka. Iskcon alone supplies midday meals to 694 schools across the state, with up to 3 lakh beneficiaries.Of the 64.69 lakh children in class 1 to 8, 61.41 lakh children come under midday meals, as per 2014-15 figures. The Ksheera Bhagya has also become an alternative source of calcium and protein, education department sources said. This has been reiterated by NGOs and all those who oppose the introduction of eggs in the scheme.GOODNESS OF MILKKsheera Bhagya scheme gives* 18gm milk powder, 10gm sugar, 0.12gm added factors to every child every alternate day* Milk powder and sugar is converted into 150ml of milk* Of 64.69 lakh students in the state, 62.20 lakh are beneficiaries
Fired FBI Director James Comey's hotly-anticipated testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday will be his only public testimony, according to Chairman Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller's investigation MORE (R-N.C.).
"I don't know what he's going to talk about. I know he accepted our invitation and he expressed that this would be the only public hearing he would hold," Burr told reporters on Tuesday.
Comey has already turned down an invitation to testify publicly before the Senate Judiciary Committee, frustrating the leaders of that panel.
Chairman Charles Grassley Charles (Chuck) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE (R-Iowa) has hinted that the committee "could" subpoena the former director.
Together with ranking member Dianne Feinstein Dianne Emiel FeinsteinHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Ocasio-Cortez adviser says Sunrise confrontation with 'old-timer' Feinstein 'sad' Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid MORE (D-Calif.), he warned that his committee won't be sidelined and the two sent a flurry of statements following Comey's refusal, noting their committee has jurisdiction over the FBI.
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.), alongside Sen. Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic? MORE (D-Vt.) reiterated Tuesday that they wanted to see Comey appear before that committee as well.
Jordain Carney contributed.
EXCLUSIVE: Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead are setting up their Tribeca Film Festival comeback with The Endless, a genre hybrid film that the two co-directed and star in. The pic, which follows their 2014 horror film Spring, will world premiere April 21 in the U.S. narrative competition. Watch a clip above.
The clip features two brothers (Benson and Moorhead) who go to “deep” lengths in search of answers as they return to the death cult from which they fled a decade ago, only to find that there might be some truth to the group's otherworldly beliefs.
Tate Ellington, Callie Hernandez, James Jordan and Lew Temple co-star. Benson wrote the screenplay and produced along with Moorhead, David Lawson, Thomas R. Burke and Leal Naim.
XYZ Films is handling sales for the film.
. / Credit: Stacks of nickels image via Shutterstock
When you flip it and it comes up heads, you'll see Jefferson. If it comes up tails, you'll see Monticello, his colonial plantation. But if you operate a fast-food restaurant, that humble nickel is what it will cost you for every additional second a customer has to wait to get his or her food, according to a new study.
That finding correlates neatly with an old fast-food-business maxim that a seven-second reduction in customers' waiting time increases a chain's market share by 1 percent, the study observes.
Either way, time is money when you work your way toward the drive-through window.
The study focused on drive-through hamburger restaurants in Chicago and the rest of Cook County, Ill. It was conducted by Gad Allon, an associate professor of managerial economics and decision sciences at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, and two colleagues, Awi Federgruen, a professor at Columbia University, and Margaret Pierson, an assistant professor at Dartmouth University.
Companies that offer fast-food franchises set the standard for waiting times, but the individual outlets determine their prices (to avoid illegal price-fixing).
"Both the price and waiting time parameters have a significant impact on the consumer's decision," Allon and his colleagues wrote in their paper. The results confirm that costumers patronizing fast-food drive-through restaurants trade off price and waiting time.
"In particular, to overcome an additional second of waiting time, an outlet will need to compensate an average customer by as much as $0.05 for a meal whose typical price range is $2.25 to $6.00," the authors wrote.
Interestingly, customers assigned only one-third as much value to the time they spent traveling to the fast-food outlet as they did to the wait once there.
"One possible explanation is that people purchase their fast-food meals on the way home or from home to other activities, and thus do not associate any disutility with the travel time," Allon suggested. "However, the waiting time once in line is considered pure waste."
Reach BusinessNewsDaily senior writer Ned Smith at nsmith@techmedianetwork.com. Follow him on Twitter @nedbsmith.We're also on Facebook & Google+.
TJ Warren, one of the best scorers NC State has ever seen, is showing that his skills are certainly translating to the next level. At only 23 years of age, Warren is averaging 19 points, 5 rebounds, and 2 steals per game in his 3rd NBA season. He is becoming the go-to to guy for the Suns and while everyone knew he'd be a scorer in the NBA, not many people thought he would be a dominant defender.
Just yesterday, AZCentral ran an article about Warren's improvement on the defensive end. His 2.1 steals per game is 7th best in the NBA. He described his philosophy in the piece…
“It's just being out there and experiencing it and knowing what guys want to do,” Warren said. “Just pressure them and get in their space. Just try to make them feel uncomfortable. I feel like I'm learning every time I'm out there playing a lot of minutes.”
His coaches also love what they are seeing. Suns' coach Earl Watson called TJ “one of the best in the NBA at guarding his position” and noted that they think he's just starting to learn and will likely get even better.
This type of talk about his defense is somewhat surprising, seeing as Warren was always more known for his scoring. That part of his game is still there, but maybe starting to be taken for granted.
Now in just his 3rd NBA season, TJ has upped the ante. He's reconstructed his body. Shedding his extra weight and trading it in for a thinner, mort athletic build. That alone has turned the midrange jump shooter into a full on scoring machine. He is attacking the rim more aggressively and finishing, at times, over top of his opponents.
TJ Warren with the crazy finish ” src=”https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2/svg/1f440.svg”> pic.twitter.com/QaRRw8NXnw — Overtime (@overtime) October 5, 2016
If you haven't been paying attention, now is the time to start. For all of the State fans who wondered when NC State would put superstar into the NBA, they just have. Warren is emerging as a top-tier scorer and he's just getting started.
EDMONTON – It's been 11 years since 21-year-old Maggie Burke vanished from downtown Edmonton.
Police believe foul play was involved in her disappearance, and hope speaking publicly about the cold case will generate tips more than a decade later.
“I'm doing this because my family needs answers,”Maggie's mother Marie Burke said Wednesday.
“She loved her family and she loved her daughter and she would have never just taken off,” Marie added.
“Something happened to her.”
Maggie was last seen in the area of 95 Street and 118 Avenue, where she had worked in the sex trade. However, police believe the 21-year-old was meeting a friend at the time of her disappearance.
Crime Stoppers put up a billboard with Maggie's photo this week in the hopes someone will come forward with information.
“Someone, somewhere, must have information about Maggie's disappearance,” Sgt. Neil Zurawell, with EPS Missing Persons Unit, said.
“We want that key piece of information, that little nugget of information, that will really progress the investigation and help us find some real answers.”
READ MORE: RCMP #MMIW campaign aims to bring home Canada's missing Aboriginal women
Maggie is described as aboriginal, 5'7″, 125 lbs, brown eyes, with brown hair that had red streaks in it at the time. She also had a marijuana leaf tattoo on her left arm.
Her mother, in speaking publicly for the first time, pleaded for help.
“Please help us find Maggie. She is missed and she is loved.”
Anyone with information about her disappearance is asked to contact Edmonton police at 780-423-4567 or anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 or online.
With files from Vinesh Pratap, Global News
Aroldis Chapman makes All-Stars look like Little Leaguers with endless 100-plus mph pitches
Have you ever wondered what it would look like if you were plucked from the street and inserted into a Major League lineup? Well, wonder no more. Because Aroldis Chapman made not just Major Leaguers, but All-Stars, look like toddlers who, for some reason, were given bats and trotted out to the plate.
After starting out Brock Holt with a pedestrian 99-mph fastball, Chapman proceeded to rattle off 13 more pitches the rest of the inning with only one coming in under 100 mph. He easily struck out the side.
Seriously, you tell me how a toddler would have done any worse in this situation?
Though science has proved that it's literally impossible to hit, Mark Teixeira wasn't exactly happy about it:
Either that or he just accidentally swallowed his retainer. We've all been there.
Of course, it's not surprising. Just look at the Statcast list of the fastest pitches this season. The last time one person so thoroughly dominated a roll, Tammany Hall was buying up votes. That's not even the full list, by the way, just all that could fit in a single screenshot.
Even still, that doesn't mean you stop appreciating beauty. Even if you have eaten 100 In-N-Out cheeseburgers, do you ever stop craving In-N-Out cheeseburgers?
And so the internet exploded as Chapman threw triple-digit 1995-film-starring-Robert-De Niro-and-Al-Pacino (aka Heat.)
Dan Haren, a fellow Major Leaguer, admitted that he has nothing on Chapman:
Chapman's fastball is about 15 mph harder than mine. That's the same difference between me and mo'ne davis. - dan haren (@ithrow88) July 15, 2015
Doug Glanville realized Chapman would probably be a boon to science:
Forget the @DeepSpaceNet, have @Reds Aroldis Chapman sent into outer space, put data on a baseball, and have him throw it back to Earth. - Doug Glanville (@dougglanville) July 15, 2015
There were some great ideas thrown around on the best way to determine All-Stars in the future:
Personally, I think that any player who faces Aroldis Chapman and doesn't cry and/or pee their pants is an Star. - Holly (@holly_holl) July 15, 2015
And Mike Moustakas tasted the cold truth of betrayal from his manager.
Mike Moustakas on Ned Yost sending him to pinch-hit against Aroldis Chapman: "I thought we had a good relationship." - Andy McCullough (@McCulloughStar) July 15, 2015
Of course, it's possible that it wasn't the velocity that so thoroughly dominated Chapman's fellow All-Stars. They may simply have been hypnotized by the gorgeous, sparkling baseball-sized diamonds in his ears.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Michael Clair writes about baseball for Cut4. He believes stirrup socks are an integral part of every formal outfit and Adam Dunn's pitching performance was baseball's greatest moment.
Richmond midfielder Dustin Martin has agreed to a new contract with Richmond.
Martin has committed to a further two seasons at the Club, ensuring he will remain a Tiger until at least the end of 2015.
“We have always considered Dustin a required player at Richmond, and we are pleased he has re-committed to the Club,” said Richmond's General Manager of Football, Dan Richardson.
“We have been encouraged by the way Dustin has developed as a footballer, and a person, in his time at Richmond.
“We now look forward to Dustin having another strong pre-season and continuing his improvement in 2014 and beyond.”
See the exciting new benefits of the Inner Sanctum membership in 2014. Click here for details.
Martin is coming off the most consistent season of his four-year AFL career. He played every game for the Tigers this season, taking his career tally to 86, and averaged 24.2 disposals per match, racking up 30 or more touches on six occasions.
“I want to thank the Richmond Football Club and it supporters for being so patient during these negotiations,” Martin said.
“My family and I are grateful for the manner in which Ralph Carr has represented me.
"I am now looking forward to doing everything possible to help the Club and my teammates have the success we all crave.”
Martin was ranked No. 2 in the competition for score involvements, behind Collingwood's Dane Swan, with an average of nine per game.
He was ranked No. 1 at Richmond for total kicks (382), plus uncontested possessions (403), and No. 2 for total disposals (557).
For the third consecutive season, he scored more than 20 goals (23 in total), taking his career tally to 90.
And, Martin was the Tigers' second-highest vote-getter in the 2013 Brownlow Medal (behind Trent Cotchin), with 16 votes.
The Costa del Armageddon: How the US dropped H-bombs on a beach in Spain... and turned its back on hundreds of British expats who have been caught in the deadly nuclear fall-out zone
Two US Air Force planes - a B-52 and a tanker collided mid-air in 1966
B-52 carried four nuclear bombs, three fell over Palomares in Andalucia
Non-nuclear explosives in two of the weapons detonated upon impact
The explosion contaminated a 0.78 square mile area with plutonium
Monday, January 17, 1966, will forever be a day of embarrassment for the US Air Force, and one of infamy for the village of Palomares on Spain's Andalucian coast.
It was on that day that a giant B-52 bomber from the Seymour Johnson Air Force Base in Goldsboro, North Carolina, was completing a 24-hour global patrol at the height of the Cold War.
Nestling in the bomb bay was a deadly cargo: four 1.5 megaton Mark 28 thermonuclear hydrogen bombs, each about 70 times more powerful than the atomic bomb that devastated Hiroshima.
Devastating: On January 17 in 1966, two US Air Force planes collided mid-air and dropped four nuclear bombs over Palomares (pictured) on the Andalucian coast
On the last leg of the flight towards home, during refuelling at 31,000ft with a KC-135 tanker, disaster struck. An official investigation later concluded that the B-52 overran in manoeuvres to hook up with the trailing fuel boom and rammed the tanker.
There was an explosion and a huge fireball engulfed both aircraft. All four men on the tanker and three of the bomber's crew died instantly. Four others managed to eject before plunging into the sea where they were rescued by Spanish fishermen.
And the H-bombs? Mercifully there was no detonation. But while one splashed into the Mediterranean and a second drifted down on its parachute and landed intact in a dried-up river bed, the remaining two bombs split open upon impact, scattering plutonium and covering the tomato fields of Palomares with a fine and deadly radioactive dust.
The rest of the world has mostly forgotten – or simply doesn't care. Today's holidaymakers are as oblivious to this brush with Armageddon as they are ignorant of the ancient history of these beaches where Hannibal's war elephants once landed. The reality, however, is that Spain's so-called Costa Bomba is scarred for ever – and that the toxic legacy is getting worse, not better.
There are 1,600 residents in this tiny farming and fishing village, half of them expatriate British, and they are understandably alarmed about the vast acres of ‘no-go' farmland where, even now, men in masks drill deep down to search for the decaying remnants of H-bombs.
No-go area: A sign warns against entering one of the still-contaminated areas near the village of Palomares
Deadly legacy: American sailors recover one of the H bombs, still wrapped in its parachute, that fell into the sea, in April, four months after the crash
They are dismayed that America's promises to clean up the mess they made have never been fulfilled, despite continuing pressure from the Spanish government.
And they are furious that while America has fined BP £2.5 billion for violating US environmental and pollution laws after the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, it has so far paid the residents of Palomares a pittance of £353,000 for the ruination of their livelihoods and, quite possibly, their health.
The nuclear accident was not on the agenda when US President Barack Obama met Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in January, despite assurances made by the American Secretary for Energy, Ernest Moniz, that he would personally ‘look into the matter in detail'.
‘The Spanish government has been negotiating with the Americans for years without success to return and get rid of the radiation threat,' said 70-year-old Ken Lee, originally from Stock, near Chelmsford in Essex, who now lives near Palomares.
‘It's alarming when more hot spots keep being found that blight the land on which the farmers depend for their livelihood.'
His wife Carole, 71, added: ‘We're disgusted at the way the Americans have been bullying the British over the Mexico oil spill disaster.
‘There's little sign of that “special relationship” and no sign of President Obama fulfilling the promise to clean up the H-bomb mess in Palomares.'
Georgette Hurcomb, another local expat, who is from Islington, North London, said: ‘America's lack of effort to come and clean up the nuclear poison is a disgrace. Many farming families have given up and left because they're banned from growing crops in certain areas.'
Indeed, the passage of time has only made the problem more deadly still. Nearly five decades on, the plutonium has degraded to become americium, a substance that emits lethal alpha particles.
‘I would be very surprised if local people haven't suffered already some increased risk of cancer, or leukaemia or lymphoma,' explained British scientist Dr Christopher Busby. ‘They should be very concerned.
‘In 1966 it wasn't appreciated how dangerous this stuff was. Then the emphasis was mainly on external radiation and gamma doses. But after years of research, we know that internal radioactive particles, like plutonium, are singularly hazardous.'
Dr Busby, who serves on the European Committee on Radiation Risk, said: ‘Hot particles would burn a hole through your gut causing colon or lung cancers, or if they were small enough would pass through the lymphatic system causing lymphomas and leukaemia.'
Environmentalists accuse Spanish and American scientists of secrecy about health checks among Palomares residents. Each year 150 are sent to Madrid for physical examinations. The Spanish government claims only small levels of radiation have been detected though in several cases plutonium has attached itself to their bones.
‘I think the public has a right to know if this disaster has had consequences for their health,' said Francisco Castejon, of Ecologists in Action. ‘The type of radiation now being emitted after almost 50 years is totally different.'
It is true that, back in the 1960s, America originally spent more than £10 million recovering the intact bombs from the Mediterranean and the dried-up river bed. The authorities shipped out 4,810 barrels of radioactive soil for burial at the Atomic Energy Commission headquarters in Charleston, South Carolina. More radiological ‘hot spots' have recently been discovered around the village and sealed off, along with a large area right in the centre of the village and others by the local cemetery and in neighbouring Villaricos.
In nearby foothills, where lettuce had been grown for many years, Spanish scientists have made a grim discovery. Masked and wearing protective clothing, they were drilling to establish whether alpha particles had leached underground into the water table. Instead they located two trenches 30ft wide and 100ft long emitting high radiation levels.
They also found the area was contaminated with americium, the disintegrating product of plutonium.
Buried here are thought to be remnants of the two H-bombs that broke open and wreckage of the two planes that collided and crashed.
At some point, and at massive expense, the debris will have to be dug up and shipped across the Atlantic back to the United States as it should have been in 1966.
America stands accused of secrecy about the location of the trenches. US Department of Energy officials admit knowing about their existence, but not exactly where they are, claiming no proper notes or maps were kept back in the 1960s.
Now the governments in Washington and Madrid continue to squabble over the best way forward.
Scientists from CIEMAT, the Spanish Centre for Energy, Environmental and Technology Investigations, want a complex three- year plan that would involve vacuum-sealed tents and compacting contaminated soil and debris into bricks.
Disaster: The B-52 bomber from the Seymour Johnson Air Force Base in Goldsboro, North Carolina, had been on global patrol over Europe loaded with four hydrogen bombs when it collided with a tanker in mid-air
It's an operation that could cost more than £20 million. The Americans disagree, saying the fastest and most cost-effective solution would be to shovel the debris into barrels and ship them out for burial in South Carolina.
But the scientists concede that once the land has been surgically cleaned, radiation will still persist and still have to be monitored. Plutonium is one of the most toxic materials and as it degrades into americium it takes 24,400 years for even half of a given amount to dissipate.
This is the reason why, since 1966, air monitors have been installed in and around Palomares, crops and animals are regularly examined, and why over 1,000 villagers have had to undergo more than 4,000 physical examinations.
Although test results have never been made public, they reveal that five per cent of those screened by doctors are carrying plutonium in their bodies, which is attached to their bones. However, none of the villagers affected have been told about this, only that their annual medical check-ups are satisfactory. After 20 years, an estimated 75 per cent of the plutonium will remain in their bodies.
The official view has always been that the population was exposed to only small levels of plutonium. There are suspicions, though, that some of those in the area died young after the H-bombs fell.
Some farmers and their families have spoken about deaths from cancer and other mysterious illnesses following the accident.
General Franco, the Spanish dictator, was in power at the time and medical records were destroyed or suppressed. He was enraged that the disaster should threaten what was then the country's fledgling tourism industry.
Today, two of the H-bombs, battered and bruised, rest in peace thousands of miles away at the US Atomic Museum in New Mexico, safely stripped of their lethal plutonium contents. The original decontamination involved 7,000 American troops who burned crops and scraped up three inches of topsoil. As it is now all-too clear, however, the operation was far from complete.
After almost half a century, Palomares's nuclear nightmare is set to continue – for centuries to come.
"Am I going to regret this?" Jason Whittingham remembers thinking as he approached the Assistant General Manager of the Minnesota Vikings.
After preparing his whole life to play in the NFL, battling injuries and working his way up from undrafted to signed as a linebacker, Jason was faced with a heart-wrenching decision: Stay with the Vikings or follow the prompting to leave.
To Be Like His Heroes
Ever since Jason Whittingham was 6 years old, he knew he wanted to play in the NFL—and it wasn't a goal he took lightly.
Since he was 8, Jason played football. Throughout his childhood, he practiced with his father, Cary Whittingham, a former linebacker for the Cincinnati Bengals, as well as his uncle Kyle Whittingham, the head football coach of the University of Utah.
"They were my heroes and I wanted to be like them," Jason says, remembering what inspired him to play football.
While attending Timpview High School in Provo, Utah, Jason made it on the varsity football team, won two state championships, and received an award from the National Football Foundation and College Hall of Fame Utah Chapter for his skills as a football player and for service he gave to his community while earning his Eagle Scout.
And all of Jason's hard work in high school paid off. By the time he graduated, Jason had a full-ride football scholarship to the University of Utah.
But he was willing to put that scholarship and his football dreams on hold for two years while he served a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Mission Challenges
The first week of August often serves as an unwelcome reminder that school is about to start in a few weeks. For Jason and his twin, Trevor Whittingham, it was a reminder that they only had 10 days before they had to leave for the MTC.
Though still 18, the twins were able to send in their missionary applications early in order to be back from their missions in time for school. (At that time, the missionary age was still 19.) Sending in their availability for late summer, the twins opened up their calls to find they only had 10 days to prepare to leave for the MTC.
Though the twins were to serve in different states, Jason was to serve in South Carolina and Trever in Ohio, they both received an unexpected surprise when they arrived at the MTC.
"We got there late, like most guys do, and they kind of just said, 'Oh your companions have already been assigned to someone else so we'll just put you two together,'" Jason says. "It was a big blessing because it's always hard for a kid to go into the MTC, but when your twin brother is your only sibling and your best friend, I knew it was going to be hard to be separated from him."
And having a twin as a companion turned out to be even more of a blessing in another way.
While in the MTC, Jason found out he suffered from Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, or OCD. He says having his twin as a companion helped greatly as Trevor would talk him through his anxiety.
But about eight months into his mission, Jason was sent home.
"I felt sad because I didn't want to leave; I wanted to finish," he says. "I didn't worry about anyone seeing me differently; I just wanted to finish."
And that's what Jason says motivated him to work hard to return to his mission. After seven months of working through his anxiety and OCD, Jason was able to return to the missionary field to complete his mission.
But completing his mission wasn't the end of his challenges.
Go Utes
Once Whittingham came back from his mission, he started up his football training. Though not able to pick up right where he left off, Jason said he knew Heavenly Father was helping him get back into shape.
"It's kind of like when you're learning a language," Jason says. "You can learn a language in two months that you wouldn't have been able to learn in two years if you had just done it by yourself without Heavenly Father's help. I think I was able to get back in shape pretty fast with Heavenly Father's help as opposed to just trying to do it myself."
And while playing football and attending school, Jason met his wife, Kim. Seeing her for the first time in church when she was turning in her tithing slip, Jason says he instantly knew there was something different about her.
"I remember running out where the overflow was to catch up to her before she left," Jason says. "And I asked her out on a date and luckily she said yes."
From there, the two continued to date until they were married in June 2014.
Then, in his junior year, Jason suffered a dislocated left wrist only two games into the season. The injury took him out of eight games and resulted in two surgeries.
"It was the most traumatic thing to happen to me," he says. "It was so painful... But I learned a lot from it."
Jason says he relied on the lessons he learned on his mission and trusted in Heavenly Father. He says instead of asking why, he trusted that Heavenly Father would help him recover as Jason worked to get better.
Though doctors told Jason he would have arthritis in his wrist as a result of the injury, he was able to return to playing football his senior year.
Vikings Call Back
After graduating from college in exercise and sports science in December 2015, Jason attended mini-camps in the spring for the Minnesota Vikings and the Oakland Raiders, but it looked like neither team had a spot for him.
Then he got a call—the Vikings wanted him to train at the fall training camp.
"When I got that call, I got really excited and I thought, 'This is the chance to do what I've always wanted to do,'" Jason says.
And after a workout with the team, Jason signed a rookie contract to be a linebacker for the Vikings.
Though it was difficult to be away from his wife, who was pregnant at the time, Jason continued to work hard to stay on the team.
But on Sunday, something didn't feel right.
"I just didn't feel comfortable being at my job on Sunday," he says. "So I prayed about it and I said, 'Heavenly Father, help me to have the strength to do the right thing because I don't want to do something that's not right.'"
Making the tough decision to give up his childhood dream of playing in the NFL, Jason approached the general assistant manager for the Vikings and told him he wouldn't be playing on the team.
After a discussing the reasons behind Jason's choice, the assistant general manager respected his decision to leave the team.
"I felt a burden lifted off my shoulders and I knew that I had made the right decision for me," Jason says.
Looking Forward
Jason says his family, especially his wife, was very supportive of his decision to leave the NFL.
"She just keeps my head up and lets me know that everything will be okay," he says. "And I know that everything will be okay, but she always says to me, 'If you do what's right and trust in Heavenly Father, everything will be okay.'"
And though he misses being a football player, he hasn't left the sport behind.
Jason helps coach with his father at Timpview High School, his old high school.
He says he also wants to be able to help train kids for college football and says he's currently working with a player who wants to attend the University of Utah in the spring.
"I guess the one thing that I didn't want to come out of that situation is for other people to think that they're bad for working on Sunday [and] I didn't want people to think that they were bad for playing in the NFL on Sundays," he says.
But on his choice of giving up playing in the NFL to worship on Sundays, Jason says he has no doubt he made the right decision for him.
"I've felt peace about it ever since so I know I made the right choice," he says. "I know if I continue to work hard, Heavenly Father will help me in whatever I do."
Photo Courtsey Jason Whittingham.
For more on LDS football players who stood up for their beliefs, check outQB: My Life Behind the Spiral.
MO Sen. Claire McCaskill Endorses Hillary Clinton 927 days Ahead of Election
Guest Post by EdBigCon:
She wasn't good enough last time but now she'll do…
Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill says she is supporting a super political action committee encouraging Hillary Rodham Clinton to run for president in 2016.
McCaskill is the first sitting member of Congress to endorse the group, called Ready for Hillary.
The Washington Post reports,
The organization does not have official ties to the former first lady, but it's trying to lay the foundation for another Clinton campaign. McCaskill, an early supporter of Barack Obama when he was running for president in 2008, said Clinton had to give up her political operation when she joined Obama's Cabinet in 2009. “It's important that we start early, building a grassroots army from the ground up, and effectively using the tools of the Internet — all things that President Obama did so successfully — so that if Hillary does decide to run, we'll be ready to help her win,” the senator said. The unusual declaration was not as much a presidential endorsement of Mrs. Clinton — she had expressed that support earlier this year – but an endorsement of a “super PAC” encouraging her to run. It was the first endorsement of the Ready for Hillary PAC by a sitting member of Congress, the group said.
Don't forget Claire McCaskill still believes Missourians are too stupid to understand Obamacare and Hillary Clinton's Fingerprints Are All Over Benghazi.
One week from today, at 4PM ET on July 15, things could get ugly between the Buffalo Bills and free safety Jairus Byrd - unless, of course, the two sides are able to work out a long-term contract extension by that deadline. Buckle up, Bills fans, because stress levels will intensify immensely over the next eight days.
This StoryStream sets the scene for this week (or perhaps just refreshes your memory): the Bills put the franchise tag on Byrd on March 1; Byrd has not signed that tender and has also purposely missed all off-season workouts in an effort to secure a new deal; and, most importantly, there have been no indications that the two sides are close to a contract extension - or are even talking at this point. Good times.
Negotiations will, however, take place this week, with the Bills' negotiating team - led predominantly, it's believed, by team president Russ Brandon and cap specialist Jim Overdorf - trying to work out said long-term deal with venerable and notorious NFL agent Eugene Parker.
The long-term negotiation
Parker is an appropriate place to begin the discussion on this week's negotiations, and it gives us an excuse to link to this gem of a profile on Parker from Tim Graham of The Buffalo News, circa early June. If your working knowledge of Byrd's agent extends to prolonged holdouts from former Bills like Cornelius Bennett and Jason Peters, we strongly suggest that you read that article.
In the profile, Graham and Parker discussed the upcoming negotiations for Byrd. A predominant theme of the piece is Parker's uncompromising stance in securing fair compensation for his players; he spoke specifically about what is fair for Byrd.
"Under the system, the Bills were allowed to pay Jairus substantially less than a Pro Bowl player at his position makes for four years," Parker told Graham. "He's fulfilled every clause of his contract, and he's played at 15 to 20 percent of what his market value is for a player at his position, and he did it for four years with no complaints. Now, it's time. We've got to figure something out."
Byrd's rookie contract, signed as a second-round pick in 2009, was for $4.225 million over four years, with $2.4 million guaranteed. (He has earned escalators based on performance, but as we're not privy to those payments, we'll leave them out of the following calculations.) If Parker really did go public with his belief that Byrd has been playing for 15 percent of his worth, then he's seeking a contract that will pay Byrd at least $7 million annually.
That figure seems conservative, given that the NFL's highest-paid safeties all have deals that average at least $8 million annually. (Dashon Goldson signed a deal worth $8.25 million annually with Tampa Bay this past March, as just one example.) Not many safeties have deals that contain guarantees that, applied cap-style on a per-year basis, average $4 million per year over the life of the contract. OverTheCap.com lists just one safety with that distinction: Kansas City's Eric Berry, whose contract isn't wholly relevant to the NFL's safety market due to the league's outdated rookie slotting process (he was the No. 5 overall pick in 2010). Goldson may or may not be above that $4 million threshold; there are conflicting reports on the total guarantees in his five-year deal, ranging from $18 million to $22 million to $25.5 million.
Byrd was guaranteed $2.4 million in his first four league years, or an average of $600,000 per year; $600,000 just happens to be 15 percent of $4 million. We don't know exactly what Parker is seeking on Byrd's behalf, but given that Byrd is a young, highly productive player and widely regarded as one of the league's best at his position - and given that the number of safeties that average $4 million per year in guarantees is so minimal - that figure might be the best place to start when discussing potential negotiating sticking points this week. The rest - contract length (expect four or five years, perhaps six if the Bills get lucky) and average per year ($8 million still seems like a good benchmark) - may fall into place once the guarantees are agreed upon.
These are all numbers that will be discussed at length over the next eight days - and with any luck, the Bills and Parker will be able to negotiate a fair deal for one of the league's elite safeties. Buffalo has the cap room, and Byrd is deserving of top compensation. If ever there were a time for the Bills to avoid playing hardball, this is it - but we'll find out soon enough what their strategy will be.
What if there's no long-term deal this week?
If the Bills and Byrd haven't reached agreement on a multi-year extension by next Monday afternoon, things will get very interesting - and the player will have several options. All of them, however, will involve his only being able to sign a one-year deal with Buffalo.
The one-year, $6.916 million franchise tender is still on the table, and Byrd will have the option to sign it - as he's had all off-season. If he does, he leaves himself open to the Bills tagging him again next off-season; that does not seem to be a likely course of action for Byrd, despite a second tag coming with a 20 percent pay increase to $8.299 million if that were to come to pass.
Instead, it seems more likely that Byrd would continue to hold out of team activities - missing training camp practices that begin on July 28 - in an effort to leverage the Bills into negotiating a one-year contract with a clause preventing the team from using the franchise tag on him next spring. (Buffalo did just that with Nate Clements back in 2006.) This would give Byrd the freedom to test the free agent waters next March, which he seemed quite eager to do before the Bills tagged him four months ago.
If a continued holdout (we'll use the term even though Byrd is not technically under contract) is the plan of attack, he can report for duty at any time - after he's signed a one-year deal of some sort. The expiration date on said holdout would be November 12, the deadline for unsigned tagged players to sign a deal lest they miss the entire season. Byrd won't have to worry about losing an accrued season, as he already has four of those under his belt, but losing out on just under $7 million seems like a bad idea.
That November 12 option is a worst-case scenario for the Bills and their fans - unless, of course, Byrd is so hell-bent on never donning the logo again that he'd forego an easy $7 million to prove that point. It's more likely that Byrd would simply wait as long as possible trying to secure that contract clause, then sign and report at the last minute to avoid missing any games (which is what the aforementioned Peters did in 2008). Even if he waits until November 12 - which, again, seems like a bit of a stretch - we almost certainly have not seen the last of Byrd in a Bills uniform.
Of course, the hope is that all of these options will be made moot this week. The next eight days are very important for a Bills team that, in the eyes of its fans, has to secure arguably its best player for the long haul.
UPDATED: Prosecutors in Georgia's Wayne County today charged filmmakers Randall Miller, Jody Savin and Jay Sedrish with involuntary manslaughter and criminal trespass in the February death of 27-year-old camera assistant Sarah Elizabeth Jones. Jones was killed on a train trestle while filming a scene for the Gregg Allman biopic Midnight Rider.
The accident happened on February 20, when Jones was struck by a freight train. The film's crew members were on the tracks of the Doctortown train trestle for the shoot by Unclaimed Freight Productions Inc., the production company owned by Miller and Savin.
Related: The Death Of Sarah Jones: Safety Concerns Raised Over ‘Midnight Rider' Crew's Previous Film In Georgia
Under Georgia law, a manslaughter conviction would carry a sentence of 10 years in prison. Criminal trespass is a misdemeanor and carries potential sentence of one year. Miller was the director of the film, Savin (his wife) was the producer, and Sedrish served as the unit production manager and executive producer. Other crew members on the shoot were injured but survived. The film was to be distributed in the U.S. by Open Road Films. Production was shut down, and attempts to restart the shoot in LA were rebuffed.
Related: Hollywood Adopted Railroad Safety Guidelines Shortly Before Sarah Jones' Death
The Wayne County Sheriff's office has been investigating the accident since it occurred. A grand jury was impaneled and Detective Joe Gardner presented before that panel yesterday. The indictments followed this morning. “After the indictment, the DA can issue an arrest warrant or negotiate an informal surrender through their attorneys,” said criminal defense attorney Mark Geragos. “An arraignment will come first, and then after that, the defense will have a chance to challenge the indictment on procedural issues and or the substance of the charges.” Normally what happens is the DA will immediately turn over grand jury testimony and all evidence to defense attorneys so they can work on any challenges to the indictment.
This is reminiscent of on-set The Twilight Zone helicopter crash in 1982, where director John Landis, his associate producer, unit production manager, helicopter pilot and special effects coordinator were charged with manslaughter in the on set-deaths of actor Vic Morrow (the father of Jennifer Jason Leigh) and two children when a helicopter stunt went tragically awry. A sensational trial resulted in their acquittals, but during a preliminary hearing, Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Gordon Ringer scolded Hollywood for putting children's lives at risk just to make a movie. “This isn't nickelodeon-time anymore,” he said from the bench. “I would have thought that after 75 years, somebody might have thought it inappropriate to put Lillian Gish on an ice flow and send her into the middle of Niagara Falls to make a movie.” Gish was seriously injured while filming that scene for the 1920 silent film Way Down East.
Prior to today's charges numerous lawsuits have been filed against Miller, Savin, Sedrish, and over a dozen other parties. Richard and Elizabeth Jones, the parents of Sarah Jones, filed a wrongful death suit on May 21 claiming that the filmmakers “operated without minimum safety precautions and contrary to standard industry practices for productions of this scale and for productions involving dangerous filming conditions.”
Star William Hurt was one of the actors present at the time of the accident, which occurred as cast and crew were prepping to film a scene. Wyatt Russell, Charles S. Dutton, Zoey Deutch, and Eliza Dushku were among the cast set for the musical biopic.
From Deadline's investigative report on the February accident and safety concerns on Miller's previous productions: The crew waited for two trains to pass before loading a metal hospital bed onto the narrow bridge suspended over the river, and Hurt prepared to climb on top of it for the filming of a dream sequence. When an unexpected third train approached, some members of the crew tried to move the heavy bed off the tracks and save the camera equipment. They didn't have time. Hurt, Miller, Jones, and several others including hairstylist Joyce Gilliard, a makeup artist (who was one of those physically injured), and the set photographer fled along the only escape route off the trestle, a narrow pathway wide enough for one person at a time. As the train hit the bed, it shattered, sending metal debris everywhere like shrapnel.
Jones' death has spawned a flurry of commentary and calls to action regarding film safety across Hollywood. She has become the symbol of what has become an international movement in production communities. Several black ribbons were seen during this year's Oscars ceremony including by Best Sound Editing winner Glenn Freemantle of Gravity. She was mentioned during the Oscarcast following the In Memoriam segments in a graphic pointing viewers to the Academy's website.
On Facebook, where the Slates for Sarah page collected photo tributes in memory of Jones with slogans like “We Are All Sarah Jones” and “Remember Sarah.” Several organizations held memorial events including the Society of Camera Operators and the International Cinematographers Guild, which was attended by Jones' parents Richard and Elizabeth.
“Not a day goes by that we at Local 600 aren't reminded of the tragic death of our sister and member Sarah Jones,” ICG Local 600 president Steven Poster said today after the indictments came down. “This unfortunate incident reminds us all of the need for constant vigilance to ensure safety on the set, something our guild is fully committed to. We will wait for due process to occur and a jury to decide the facts of the case.”
JUSTIN LANE / EPA People gather outside of a Wendy's restaurant as part of a one day strike calling for higher wages for fast food workers in New York, July 29, 2013.
Related Fast Food Workers Call for Nationwide Walkout Aug. 29 The Washington Post
A growing movement among fast food workers to demand higher wages is expected to gain momentum this Thursday as strikes and protests against the country's biggest restaurant chains spread to the South and the West Coast.
Low-wage workers at fast food restaurants like McDonald's and retailers such as Macy's are gearing up for a nationwide strike just before Labor Day weekend. The striking workers are demanding the right to unionize and at least $15 an hour in pay, more than double the current national minimum wage of $7.25. Organizers say Thursday's strikes could touch as many as 35 cities.
“These companies that own these fast food restaurants, they make way too much money off the backs of the employees,” says Dearius Merritt, a 24-year-old worker at Church's Chicken in Memphis who earns $13 an hour and plans to take part in his first strike Thursday. “I'm in the store every day with these workers that make $7.25…If I'm 30 years old and this is what I have to do to survive, then I deserve a living wage off of it.”
The rumblings against the long-standing economics of fast food began last November in New York, when about 200 restaurant workers went on strike in a one-day protest. By July the movement had ballooned to include thousands of workers across seven other cities, including Chicago, Detroit, and Kansas City. Now, with workers in places like Los Angeles, Memphis, and Raleigh getting involved—with extensive financial backing from the Service Employees International Union—organizers and labor experts expect this week's strike to dwarf previous protests.
(MORE: Fast Food Strikes: Unable to Unionize, Workers Borrow Tactics From ‘Occupy')
“It's absolutely going to continue to grow,” says Steven Ashby, a professor at the University of Illinois School of Labor and Employment Relations. “I see no signs from all the people I've talked with that it's going to falter. At this point it hasn't reached its peak yet. The energy of the workers, their passion, their commitment, is very, very high. They basically feel like, ‘We've got nothing to lose.'”
Low pay for fast-food workers is nothing new, but a tough job market following the recession has led to more positions behind the cash register being occupied by family breadwinners instead of teenagers. According to a recent NBC News report, teens now comprise 16% of the fast food industry's workers, down from 25% a decade ago.
“Because of the difficulty of getting jobs in general…for people with relatively modest education levels, you have a lot of people working in these companies who are trying to support a family based upon their earnings alone,” says Ronald Ehrenberg, a professor of industrial and labor relations and economics at Cornell University. “That's very, very difficult to do.”
So far, protesters have had only tiny victories. Jonathan Westin, who helped organize New York's first fast food strike as the executive director of New York Communities for Change, says some local workers have seen wage increases of 25 to 50 cents per hour. Ashby says some Chicago strikers have also gotten higher wages. And a few restaurants have suffered on the days of strikes—a May walkout in Seattle forced multiple fast food chains to close for the day.
(MORE: McDonald's and the Fate of the Middle Class)
On the whole, though, fast food corporations and franchises aren't convinced that they need to double their base pay. Officials at the National Restaurant Association, the industry's lobbying arm, point out that only 5% of restaurant employees earn the federal minimum wage and that 7 out of 10 of fast-food workers earning an entry-level wage are under the age of 25. In a statement Burger King noted that 99% of its locations in the U.S. are owned by franchisees who make independent hiring and firing decisions. McDonald's said the organization aims to offer competitive pay and benefits to employees. A former CEO of the company has argued that increasing the minimum wage to $15 would “absolutely” kill jobs.
Experts are skeptical that a $15 per hour base wage is likely to be implemented. With almost 2.4 million fast food workers employed in the United States, the number striking is still relatively miniscule. Getting a huge number of people to abandon their posts would be a challenge because they could be subject to immediate firing for missing work as non-union employees. But less dramatic results, like smaller raises from individual franchises and perhaps a modest increase to the minimum wage, might be attainable. If the strikes continue to grow in scale—it's already the biggest labor movement in the history of the fast food industry—there will be more pressure on fast food companies and even legislators to make some kind of concession to workers. “This doesn't end at the strike,” says Caroline Durocher, a Subway employee in Seattle who plans to walk out on Thursday. “We're going to keep going. We're not going to shut up.”
NATIONAL HARBOR, MD — As the Winter Meetings begin this week, the Atlanta Braves continued to make news on Sunday. Team President John Schuerholz was elected to the Hall of Fame. Meanwhile, Atlanta added a high-upside arm that had been cast off by the Yankees and continue to monitor the trade and free-agent markets for upgrades to the rotation and catching situation.
John Schuerholz elected to Hall of Fame…
After a career that has spanned five decades, longtime Braves executive John Schuerholz received the game's most prestigious honor as he was elected to the Hall of Fame by the Today's Game Era committee. He joins former commissioner Bud Selig as the only men selected by this newly formed committee. Schuerholz was a unanimous selection, while Selig received 15 of the possible 16 votes.
Schuerholz, 76, began his career with the Baltimore Orioles in 1966 before joining the expansion Kansas City Royals front office in 1969. He was eventually elevated to general manager in 1981 and helped the club capture its first World Series title in 1985. Schuerholz left Kansas City after the 1990 season to accept the challenge of turning around a troubled Atlanta franchise. And turn it around he did. The Braves went from worst to first in 1991, embarking on a string of 14-consecutive division titles, five trips to the World Series and a championship in 1995. After 17 years as GM, Schuerholz transitioned to team president, a post he has held since 2008.
Both Schuerholz and Selig will be inducted into Cooperstown next summer. The rest of the class will be announced when the results of the BBWAA voting are revealed on January 19, 2017.
Braves sign former Yankees top pick Jacob Lindgren…
Atlanta continued its trend of collecting one-time highly touted prospects as they signed recently non-tendered lefty Jacob Lindgren on Sunday. The Yankees were hoping to hold on to their top pick from the 2014 draft, but could not find the space on the 40-man roster to make it happen. Thus, Atlanta scooped Lindgren up and will stash him in hopes he can deliver on the promise he flashed to begin his pro career.
Lindgren, 23, blazed a trail to the majors that earned him the nickname “The Strikeout Factory” after averaging 14.7 K/9 in the minors. He reached New York on May 25, 2015, less than a year after being selected in the second round out of Mississippi State. Lindgren had elbow surgery to remove bone chips in 2015 and threw just seven innings last season before undergoing Tommy John surgery in August. While he will not pitch at all in 2017, the Braves added a lefty with a premium fastball-slider combo that could feature prominently into their bullpen plans down the line. It wasn't a big move, but it could be one that pays off.
Atlanta remains in the mix for both Chris Sale and Chris Archer…
Despite adding three veteran starting pitchers to the rotation already, the Braves continue to discuss an even bigger potential addition. Atlanta is one of several clubs in the mix for White Sox lefty Chris Sale and Rays righty Chris Archer, both of whom are drawing significant trade interest. Of course, the price remains the sticking point for any team aiming to acquire the Chicago ace.
Braves have what it takes in terms of prospects to do Sale deal I hear. But so far, like the others, they haven't met price — Jon Heyman (@JonHeyman) December 3, 2016
While Sale is perhaps the best pitcher in the American League, Archer could be the better fit for Atlanta. This is not a question of talent, so I'll spare you another statistical analysis (which I previously covered). Sale is a perennial Cy Young contender while Archer struggled through 2016, but is one of the game's premier strikeout pitchers. However, acquiring either man is a question of trade price and having the years of control to open up a window wherein the Braves could become and remain competitive. Including team options, Sale is under contract for three years at $38 million. Archer is under contract for $39 million, but for the next five seasons including his options. Those extra two years for Archer is the kind of value could play a part in Atlanta's – or any club for that matter – decision making process.
Given the early indications, Sale's price may end up being cost prohibitive. The White Sox have set their sights on a deal built around Dansby Swanson. That requirement and all the speculation in the world is not going to change the fact that the Braves will not trade away their prized shortstop. If players like Ender Inciarte, Julio Teheran or Mike Foltynewicz are prerequisites for any deal with Chicago, then it's fair to ask: What is the point of upgrading at the potential cost of multiple pieces of the 25-man roster?
As for Archer, he will not come cheap either. He is the biggest and perhaps best trade chip that Tampa Bay holds should the club look to cash in this winter. Mark Bowman of MLB.com also mentioned the potential of a trade with the Rays, but noted that nothing is imminent.
If the Braves are going to trade for a top SP, Archer is the most likely. But for now, the Rays' ask far exceeds the Braves' comfort zone. — Mark Bowman (@mlbbowman) December 4, 2016
Welington Castillo could offer upgrade to Braves catching corps…
One of the surprise additions to the free-agent market following the non-tender deadline, Diamondbacks catcher Welington Castillo figures to be a popular name this week. With this year's thin free-agent class representative of the positional scarcity when it comes to productive catchers, Castillo will be a sought after commodity. MLB Trade Rumors predicted Castillo would earn $5.9 million in his final year of arbitration, a price Arizona deemed too high. Given the 3-year $24 million deal Jason Castro signed with the Twins, Castillo could find a nice pay day.
Castillo, 29, has averaged a .252/.310/.437 line with 16 HR over the last two seasons, mostly for Arizona. The man known as “Beef” appears to have plenty of tread left on the tire, as opposed to the injury-risk associated with both Matt Wieters and Wilson Ramos. While Castillo may not rate along with Castro as a catcher with excellent framing skills, he is certainly adequate and also threw out 38 percent of would-be base stealers last season. Atlanta's ideal fit would be a left-hand hitting catcher to pair with Tyler Flowers, but taking a long look at Castillo would be worth the time and falls right in line with John Coppolella's strategy of exploring all the options.
Grant McAuley covers the Braves and MLB for 92-9 The Game. You can subscribe to the “Around The Big Leagues” podcast on iTunes, SoundCloud and Stitcher. Follow Grant on Twitter.
The selection of Kate Middleton, a lowly commoner drawn from the very dregs of society, as Prince William's bride has been the subject of great speculation, much of it thinly veiled snobbery. But Britain is broken. Social mobility is at a historic low, state education and public healthcare are in crisis, and our own prime minister has blamed the truculent immigrant and his concealed wife for our lack of national cohesion. Once upon a time, royal marriages were political acts that forged links between different nations. Instead, William and Kate's wedding will bind this nation to itself, and in marrying so very far beneath himself, I believe the young prince has made a heroic and deliberate sacrifice to achieve this end.
Pause for a moment. Imagine being Prince William. Imagine knowing that the best justification most rational people could come up with for your heavily subsidised existence was that you were a symbolic figure. And symbolic of what, the boy must wonder. History? The land? The nation itself? A notion of refined nobility? Grace under pressure? Or perhaps some abstract idea of temporal continuity? Unable to escape being a symbolic figure, the prince's recent activities suggest he has chosen instead to embrace the role in the most profound way imaginable. And, I believe, this is why the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton itself seems symbolic on an admirable and unprecedented level.
Jessie L Weston's 1920 study of Holy Grail mythology, From Ritual to Romance, pictures Britain as a wasteland, an image appropriated by TS Eliot to describe the aftermath of the first world war. The Fisher King must search the devastated terrain for the Holy Grail, and drink from it to heal the land. Broken Britain is that wasted land. William is that Fisher King. Kate Middleton is that lovely grail, full not of the blood of the crucified Christ, but of the blood of the Middletons, who run a children's partyware business in Berkshire. And Kate's wedding to wise William is a ritual that may help to fix what David Cameron's vision of the Big Society so far has not. For in choosing Kate, a simple girl from a school near Swindon, as his bride, William is in fact taking each and every British subject – man, woman, old, young, black, white, Christian and Muslim – into his royal bed, and binding us all to each other in the white heat of his princely passion.
Kate was educated at Marlborough College in Wiltshire. It is a private school, yes, but it is no Eton, and its most famous alumni are little more than flannelled fools: the comedian Jack Whitehall, the children's author Lauren Child, and the pop musician Chris de Burgh, whose 1976 Christmas hit A Spaceman Came Travelling describes an alien being's disappointment in the shortcomings of human society – disappointments it appears William shares, and is trying to address in his own esoteric way. But his motives for plucking a bride from such an inauspicious establishment are, I believe, twofold, and we must admire and accept the occult reasoning behind his selfless choice.
First of all, Marlborough College, where Kate Middleton flushed into womanhood, is set in a magical landscape that has been declared a world heritage site, being only five miles from the exact centre of the Avebury stone circle. Perhaps Kate's growing body absorbed the magical energies of the region. Perhaps it did not. It does not matter. She is from, and she is of, the ancient wetland. The arrangement of the 6,000-year-old circle, and the stone rows, burial chambers and mounds that surround it, is explicitly symbolic, explicitly sexual and explicitly ritualistic, and as such it shares the same transformative agenda as Friday's royal wedding.
In Avebury, the West Kennet Avenue, a long row of erotically paired stones, uncoils snake-like from the circle, as if to penetrate nearby Silbury Hill, a fecund 37-metre-high female belly, which rises from the marsh to meet it. The prince has taken his lowly bride from within this charged landscape, where our ancestors celebrated the union of man and woman in stone and earth, and began the communal processes that forged a nation from their descendents, the broken nation that William the Fisher King must now heal. Our shaman-prince could not have chosen a better receptacle for his magical purposes than Kate Middleton, a peasant-spawned serf-girl, sodden with the primordial mire of the Swindon-shadowed swamplands.
Secondly, in choosing a commoner for his bride, William gives hope to millions of socially disenfranchised Britons. Only two Tory generations ago, the prime minister Margaret Thatcher was proud to proclaim herself "a grocer's daughter". A mere 20 years since she passed power on to John Major, a garden gnome salesman with six O-levels, it is impossible to imagine either in government today, composed, as it is, principally of former members of the elite Oxford vomiting society the Bullingdon Club. The state-schools system is stretched to the limit; the withdrawal of further education grants deters poorer students; and government contributions to the Bookstart scheme, which gives books to children who might otherwise have none, have been halved. It is not possible to imagine a Thatcher ever getting out of Lincolnshire today, let alone becoming prime minister.
But in snatching Kate from the gutter, William stooped even lower than he would have done had he chosen Margaret Thatcher for his bride. Kate's parents aren't even grocers. They sell novelty hats and paper plates. It's no coincidence that as genuine social mobility in broken Britain is eroded, so commoners turn to the National Lottery, The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent. Winning them represents the only chance real people have to change their circumstances significantly. It could be you. And, like some giant illuminated penis flying over the rooftops of suburban homes and frothing at random passing women, William has pointed himself at Kate Middleton, the Susan Boyle of social mobility. In declaring her his princess, he brings hope of real change to millions of people denied a decent education and the means to better themselves, to millions of tiny babies denied even books, that one day they too could be randomly rewarded with untold wealth and privilege.
The wedding of my wife and I was a small affair, with 40 or so guests. We were not required to arrange our day along magical or symbolic lines, though admittedly some aspects of the Catholic wedding ceremony confused me, and my wife is yet to explain the tradition whereby I have been obliged ever since to sleep alone each night on the toilet. But as a symbolic figure, poor Prince William's wedding is hostage to political expediency. Consider the faces he will see as he and Kate make their solemn vows.
From the world of government, the prime minister and Mrs David Cameron, and the deputy prime minister and Ms Miriam González Durántez, holding whichever suit the prime minister has chosen not to wear; from the faith communities, the Reverend Gregorius, Anil Bhanot, Malcolm Deeboo of the Zoroastrians, The Venerable Bogoda Seelawimala Nayaka Thera, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Optimus Prime, Yog-Sothoth, Captain Marvel and Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor; and from the twin spheres of entertainment and sport, Mr Ben Fogle, Mr David Beckham and Mrs David Beckham, Mr Madonna Louise Ciccone, and Sir Elton Hercules John and Mr Sir Elton Hercules John. Candles in the wind all.
But as he gazes at this golden shower of dignitaries, it is William who will have the last guffaw. He knows that this was not so much a wedding as a psychic rescue operation, a healing ritual for broken Britain, a pantomime of hope for the terminally hopeless. In taking Kate Middleton as his bride, Prince William, more than anyone in any position of power in Britain today, has tried at least to do something to help. I hope sincerely that both of them are very happy.
• Stewart Lee's Comedy Vehicle starts on BBC2 on Wednesday, 11.20pm. A series of events called Stewart Lee's Austerity Binge starts at the Southbank Centre on 27 May. He is among artists performing John Cage's Indeterminacy in a short season he's programmed for the Cheltenham Jazz festival.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
A blighted stretch of Milwaukee Avenue across the boulevard from the Illinois Centennial Monument may soon make way for Chicago's first "urban orchard". The property from roughly 2570-2592 N Milwaukee Avenue was once owned by the CTA, but is now controlled by the Chicago Rarities Orchard Project (CROP), an organization that has been working with NeighborSpace and the city's Department of Housing and Economic Development to transform the vacant property into a new public green space. Designed by Altamanu Landscape Architects, the new space will be anchored by an apple orchard and plaza. According to the Architect's Newspaper, construction of the new public green space is expected to start later this year. Once completed, CROP will manage the orchard, and the new plaza will feature special events and a farmers market. Together with the Bicentennial Improvements Project plan for the Centennial Monument roundabout, Logan Square's core is poised to become much greener in the coming years.
·Growing Diversity: After delays, Chicago urban orchard project could soon bear fruit [Architect's Newspaper]
·Chicago Rarities Orchard Project [Official Website]
The Republican National Committee (RNC) scrapped plans to praise Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's immigration speech over his harsh rhetoric and suggestion that he would deport Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, the New York Times reported Friday night.
ADVERTISEMENT
RNC Chairman Reince Priebus had high hopes the speech would be compassionate and measured and planned to praise the Republican presidential nominee on the party's Twitter account, the report said.
But once he heard the contents of the speech, the committee scrapped the plan and made no statement, according to the Times.
In a Phoenix speech Wednesday night, Trump quashed any thought that he would soften his position on illegal immigration, laying out a 10-point, hard-line immigration plan and using harsh descriptions of illegal immigrants.
He vowed to build a wall on the southern border and warned that no one in the country illegally would be exempt from deportation.
The more I thought about the Times article and the implications of it, the more upset I became. I turned to Facebook, asking former and current Downey residents to weigh in and share their thoughts. It was after exchanging messages with educator and writer, Mari Urrutia Gedney, that I was able to better articulate why I believe the article did more harm than help.
Gedney is a current Downey resident who serves on the board of the Downey Arts Coalition, and she knows the city well. Her family moved to Downey from Huntington Park when she was in second grade and to make the cost of that possible, they had a multi-generational home. She was upset by how strongly the Times implied that moving to a city like Downey, deemed in the article to be better than neighboring cities like Bell and South Gate, equals necessary assimilation and a sort of point of pride in being able to pass as something other than Latino. Gedney says in some cases, those things are done as a way for a person to keep themselves safe – and that's valid, but without addressing the racism in Downey or the internalized racism of those looking to shed their Latino identity, how honest are we being about our city?
Like Gedney, I no longer read theeditorial page of the Patriot. The overt racism of white residents writing letters to the editor, almost always targeting Latinos and spewing vitriol around topics like immigration, became too aggravating and hurtful. Let's not pretend this racism only exists in the pages of a newspaper.
If you'll recall, it was Downey residents upset by a new supermarket considering a Spanish name. So much pressure was placed on the owner that he opted out of using Spanish. This is the same city where white residents angrily addressed then-Mayor Guerra for his honest opinion as to why Trader Joe's continuously refused to open a location in Downey, despite years of courting. “We're not white enough or rich enough for them,” he said. All hell broke loose because here, it seems, we like to pretend that race isn't an issue.
But it is.
Downey is the same city where my dad has been called a “wetback” standing in his own front yard. People of color friends of mine have been pulled over by Downey police officers at gunpoint for routine traffic stops. As a contributor to the Patriot, yes, I've written about the revitalization of Downtown Downey, which is primarily being spearheaded by young people of color, but I've also covered the killing of Michael Nida, the unarmed Latino father of four who was shot multiple times in the back with a submachine gun by Downey Officer Steve Gilley for a robbery Nida did not commit.
It was after a series of stories about Nida that I received a private letter from an elderly Latino man who had spent a bulk of his life in Downey. The letter detailed the multiple instances of racism he'd experienced living in our city. When I called him, asking how I could help, he simply said, “I just wanted you to know this isn't a new thing here.” These things don't happen in Beverly Hills, and they certainly don't happen to white people.
It's important to remember that numbers don't always mean power and honestly, power doesn't always mean power. There are many Downey residents who surely feel that because Barack Obama is president, racism is over. The Black Lives Matter movement tells us otherwise. Because Latinos make up the bulk of the population in Downey and because three of our five council members are Latino, doesn't mean that “upward mobility” or the American Dream is a possibility – or an aspiration – for all Latinos in the city. And please, let's stop pretending there is one Latino Experience. Some of us are much more privileged than others, depending on our countries of origin, our family's number of years in this country, our citizenship status, our skin color, etc.
Gedney, who has appeared on the cover of the Times for her writing and educational work, told me that the most offensive part of the article was how the use of the phrase “Mexican Beverly Hills” makes the rest of Downey's population invisible, not important enough to address or talk about. I can't help but think that's how Downey would prefer it. If we talk about the Latinos who haven't “made it”, we'll have to talk about some of the reasons why. Downey clearly isn't ready to have that conversation.
I can't really say when Google switched the default context menu of its Chrome browser to a white menu, only that I found it very irritating at first as I was not really sure what to make of it.
If you do not like the white menu that Chrome is now displaying when you right-click in the browser, you may be interested to know that there is a way to restore the old standard context menu.
A command line switch lets you do that, and while I can't promise you that the switch will be there for all eternity, I can confirm that it is working just fine right now.
Let me show you how to add the switch to Chrome's start up so that the old menus are displayed in the browser again and not the white ones.
The parameter that you need to start Chrome with is --disable-new-menu-style. The easiest way to add this to Chrome's start up is to add the parameter to the shortcut permanently. I'm going to show you how to do this in Windows.
If you are running Windows 7 or newer, a Chrome shortcut is likely pinned to the taskbar.
If that is the case, right-click the shortcut and select properties from the context menu.
If you do not have those operating systems or do not have Chrome pinned to the taskbar, open the start menu instead and locate Chrome here. Once found, right-click the shortcut and select properties from the context menu as well.
You need to locate the Target field here now and append the parameter to the end. So, after chrome.exe" you add the command. Note that there needs to be a space between the path and the parameter.
Restart the browser afterwards and you should see that the old or classic menu has been restored in it.
You can go back to the new menu at any time by deleting the parameter in properties again.
Update: As many may have noticed already, Google has removed the startup flag so that it cannot be used anymore. Some users may still see the regular "old" menu while most should see the new white menu instead.
There is another start up flag that you can use. While it won't get rid of the white menu completely, it at least compacts it and reduces the whitespace that is displayed in it otherwise.
You need to add --force-fieldtrials="NewMenuStyle/Compact2/" to the target field. If you have used the old start up command before replace it with this one.
The menu looks like this afterwards.
Thanks Bobby for finding out about it. Leave a comment below if you have troubles implementing this or know of another solution to the issue.
Advertisement
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama: ''They are woven into the fabric of our lives''
President Barack Obama has said the time has come for a sweeping overhaul of the US immigration system.
He made his case at a high school in Las Vegas, Nevada, a day after a bipartisan group of senators outlined a framework for reform.
The White House and senators envisage a path to citizenship for many of an estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the US.
The move reflects the growing influence of Hispanic voters.
In his opening remarks, Mr Obama said: "The time has come for common-sense, comprehensive immigration reform."
He noted that the current system was "out of date and badly broken".
Bipartisan approach?
Mr Obama's case for an immigration revamp reflects a blueprint he rolled out in 2011, though that did not go far, to the disappointment of Latino voters.
Analysis President Obama knows a winning strategy when he sees one. He has passionately declared: "Now is the time" for immigration reform. In doing so, he has backed the bipartisan Senate plan including making illegal immigrants pay taxes and fines, and sending them to the back of the queue before they can become American citizens. Republicans won't want him to say much more - his endorsement could make it hard for them to back any plan. But many Republicans see this is as the last chance to convince Latino voters they are not bigots. It seems the president can't lose. He might well get agreement on the plan he wants. But if he fails, he will have stoked splits in the Republican party and virtually ensured they are blamed by Latino voters.
On Tuesday, the US president championed the proposals outlined a day earlier by a group of four Democratic and four Republican senators.
"The good news is that for the first time in many years Republicans and Democrats seem ready to tackle this problem together," he said.
But Mr Obama added that if Congress did not take action, the White House would write legislation of its own and insist that lawmakers vote on it.
Like the bipartisan plan, the president also backed an overhaul of the existing legal immigration system and securing US borders.
His 2011 blueprint also focused on a path to permanent residency and eventual citizenship, as well as making it easier for businesses to verify the legal status of workers.
After eight years, individuals would be allowed to become legal permanent residents and could eventually become citizens five years later.
Appeal to Hispanics
Under the White House and senators' plans, undocumented immigrants would be allowed to live and work in the US legally as long as they pass background checks and pay back-taxes.
US immigration reform efforts 2006: Bipartisan bill featuring enhanced border security, a guest worker programme and a path to citizenship passes the Senate with President George Bush's endorsement but dies in the Republican-led House
Bipartisan bill featuring enhanced border security, a guest worker programme and a path to citizenship passes the Senate with President George Bush's endorsement but dies in the Republican-led House 2007: A similar bill fails in the Senate after conservatives complain citizenship provisions would reward lawbreakers
A similar bill fails in the Senate after conservatives complain citizenship provisions would reward lawbreakers 2010: Senate Democrats backed by President Obama push so-called Dream Act - legislation to grant citizenship to some undocumented immigrants brought to the US as children; it dies amid Republican opposition
Senate Democrats backed by President Obama push so-called Dream Act - legislation to grant citizenship to some undocumented immigrants brought to the US as children; it dies amid Republican opposition August 2012: President Obama uses his executive authority to create a mechanism similar to the Dream Act; Republicans complain he usurped their constitutional authority
President Obama uses his executive authority to create a mechanism similar to the Dream Act; Republicans complain he usurped their constitutional authority November 2012: Hispanic voters, driven partly by anger at Republican opposition to immigration reform, overwhelmingly back Mr Obama and the Democrats in the election
Once immigrants were able to apply for permanent residency, they would do so behind everyone else who had already applied for a green card.
But the senators' proposals would allow undocumented immigrants to start the process of becoming citizens only after US borders are deemed secure, a link that did not feature in the president's plan.
The so-called gang of eight hope their blueprint could pass the Senate by summer.
Such a bill would face a tougher route in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives.
But many Republicans recognise their party's hard line on immigration has become a liability, after November's election when the Democratic president won more than 70% of the Latino vote.
Arizona Senator John McCain, the former Republican presidential candidate who lost to Mr Obama in 2008, said on Monday: "The Republican Party is losing the support of our Hispanic citizens."
Mike Carter / US Presswire Kyle Vanden Bosch's work ethic has infected the young Lions.
With 24-year-old Ndamukong Suh, 23-year-old Nick Fairley and 25-year-old Cliff Avril leading the charge, the Lions' defensive line is at the heart of a franchise revival that's built to stand the test of time. But the soul of that group comes from 32-year-old defensive end Kyle Vanden Bosch.
It's pretty obvious now why Detroit coach Jim Schwartz waited outside Vanden Bosch's house as the clock ticked to the start of free agency in March 2010, and the reasons aren't confined to the eight sacks he's registered in 17 games as a Lion. Almost as important have been the lessons he's bestowed on what's becoming one of the nastier and most feared units in the league.
Squad Leaders
Vanden Bosch bio:
Born: Nov. 17, 1978
Hometown: Larchwood, Iowa
College: Nebraska
Did you know?
» Vanden Bosch started three years at fullback in high school and set the school's scoring mark with 264 career points.
» As a Nebraska sophomore, he set a single-season record with three blocked kicks.
» In 2010, Vanden Bosch signed a four-year, $26 million deal with the NFL.com takes a weekly look at leaders around the league and why they are difference-makers for their teams on and off the field. This week, we take a closer look at Kyle Vanden Bosch, an 11-year NFL veteran who is the inspirational leader of a young and talented Lions defense.Nov. 17, 1978Larchwood, IowaNebraska» Vanden Bosch started three years at fullback in high school and set the school's scoring mark with 264 career points.» As a Nebraska sophomore, he set a single-season record with three blocked kicks.» In 2010, Vanden Bosch signed a four-year, $26 million deal with the Lions
"There's no question about it -- he's changed how I've played, changed my game, since I got here," Avril said the other night, over the phone. "The first couple of weeks after he came in, he wasn't talking to anyone, and some of the younger players thought he might be a jerk. And so the first time we're practicing out there, you see him, and he's running 50, 60 yards to the ball, getting in the quarterback's face, running down receivers. It was amazing.
"And guys are saying, 'No way he practices like that all the time.' I kid you not -- every day from then to now, it's been at that speed. And it's contagious. Now we're all like that."
So where the other defensive linemen initially thought Vanden Bosch was crazy, now, they're all crazy.
Vanden Bosch's backup at right end, former Seahawks first-round pick Lawrence Jackson, acquired via trade from Seattle, actually has studied the former Titan since he was in college. And the key, Jackson says, is what shows up on film also appears everywhere else with Vanden Bosch.
"Seeing him in film, in the D-line room, in the weight room, you say to yourself, 'This is a 10-year vet, and if he's practicing this hard, lifting this hard, why can't I do this, too?' " Jackson explained. "He encourages you to do it, not because he's doing it, but because that's what you're supposed to do. It rubs off on everyone.
"He sets the tone, and a big part of that is peer pressure. His style of play creates room for someone else to make a play. For me, personally, I want to practice like that, I want to play like that, it raises my level. That relentlessness rubs off, it makes everyone play that way."
That much isn't hard to see watching the Lions.
Follow Albert Breer on Twitter @AlbertBreer
AT THE start of this year, two straws in the wind caught the attention of those who follow the development of artificial intelligence (AI) globally. First, Qi Lu, one of the bosses of Microsoft, said in January that he would not return to the world's largest software firm after recovering from a cycling accident, but instead would become chief operating officer at Baidu, China's leading search engine. Later that month, the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence postponed its annual meeting. The planned date for the event in January conflicted with the Chinese new year.
These were the latest signals that China could be a close second to America—and perhaps even ahead of it—in some areas of AI, widely considered vital to everything from digital assistants to self-driving cars. China is simply the place to be, explains Mr Lu, and Baidu the country's most important player. “We have an opportunity to lead in the future of AI,” he says.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Other evidence supports the claim. In October 2016 the White House noted in a report that China had overtaken America in the number of published journal articles on deep learning, a branch of AI. PwC, a consultancy, predicts that AI-related growth will boost global GDP by $16trn by 2030; nearly half of that bonanza will accrue to China, it reckons. The number of AI-related patent submissions by Chinese researchers has increased by nearly 200% in recent years, although America is still ahead in absolute numbers (see chart).
To understand why China is so well placed, consider the inputs needed for AI. Of the two most basic, computing power and capital, it has an abundance. Chinese firms, from giants such as Alibaba and Tencent to startups such as CIB FinTech and UCloud, are building data centres as fast as they can. The market for cloud computing has been growing by more than 30% in recent years and will continue to do so, according to Gartner, a consultancy. In 2012-16 Chinese AI firms received $2.6bn in funding, according to the Wuzhen Institute, a think-tank. That is less than the $17.9bn that poured into their American peers, but the total is growing quickly.
Yet it is two other resources that truly make China a promised land for AI. One is research talent. As well as strong skills in maths, the country has a tradition in language and translation research, says Harry Shum, who leads Microsoft's AI efforts. Finding top-notch AI experts is harder in China than in America, says Wanli Min, who oversees 150 data scientists at Alibaba. But this will change over the next couple of years, he predicts, because most big universities have launched AI programmes. According to some estimates, China has more than two-fifths of the world's trained AI scientists.
The second advantage for China is data, AI's most important ingredient. In the past, software and digital products mostly obeyed rules laid down in code, giving an edge to those countries with the best coders. With the advent of deep-learning algorithms, such rules are increasingly based on patterns extracted from reams of data. The more data are available, the more algorithms can learn and the smarter AI offerings will be.
China's sheer size and diversity provide powerful fuel for this cycle. Just by going about their daily lives, the country's nearly 1.4bn people generate more data than almost all other nations combined. Even in the case of a rare disease, there are enough examples to teach an algorithm how to recognise it. Because typing Chinese characters is more laborious than Western ones, people also tend to use voice-recognition services more often than in the West, so firms have more voice snippets with which to improve speech offerings.
The Saudi Arabia of data
What really sets China apart is that it has more internet users than any other country: about 730m. Almost all go online from smartphones, which generate far more valuable data than desktop computers, chiefly because they contain sensors and are carried around. In the big coastal cities, for instance, cash has all but disappeared for small purchases: people settle with their devices using services such as Alipay and WeChat Pay.
Chinese do not seem to be terribly concerned about privacy, which makes collecting data easier. The country's bike-sharing services, which have taken big cities by storm, for example, not only provide cheap transport but are what is known as a “data play”. When riders hire a bicycle, some firms keep track of renters' movements using a GPS device attached to the bike.
Young Chinese appear particularly keen on AI-powered services and relaxed about use of their data. Xiaoice, an upbeat chatbot operated by Microsoft, now has more than 100m Chinese users. Most talk to it between 11pm and 3am, often about the problems they had during the day. It is learning from interactions and becoming cleverer. Xiaoice no longer just provides encouragement and tells jokes, but has created the first collection of poems written with AI, “Sunshine Lost Its Window”, which caused a heated debate in Chinese literary circles over whether there can be such a thing as artificial poetry.
Another important source of support for AI in China is the government. The technology figures prominently in the country's current five-year plan. Technology firms are working closely with government agencies: Baidu, for example, has been asked to lead a national laboratory for deep learning. It is unlikely that the government will burden AI firms with over-strict regulation. The country has more than 40 laws containing rules about the protection of personal data, but these are rarely enforced.
Entrepreneurs are taking advantage of China's talent and data strengths. Many AI firms got going only a year or two ago, but plenty have been progressing more rapidly than their Western counterparts. “Chinese AI startups often iterate and execute more quickly,” explains Kai-Fu Lee, who ran Google's subsidiary in China in the 2000s and now leads Sinovation Ventures, a venture-capital fund.
As a result, China already has a herd of AI unicorns, meaning startups valued at more than $1bn. Toutiao, a news aggregator based in Beijing, employs machine learning to recommend articles using information such as a reader's interests and location; it also uses AI to filter out fake information (which in China mainly means dubious health-care announcements). Another AI startup, iFlytek, has developed a voice assistant that translates Mandarin into several languages, including English and German, even if the speaker uses slang and talks over background noise. And Megvii Technology's face-recognition software, Face++, identifies people almost instantaneously.
Skynet lives
At Megvii's headquarters, visitors are treated to a demonstration. A video camera in the lobby does away with the need for showing ID: employees just walk in without showing their badges. Similar devices are positioned all over the office and their feeds are shown on a video wall. When a face pops up on the wall, it is immediately surrounded by a white rectangle and some text giving information about that person. In the upper right-hand corner of the screen big letters spell “Skynet”, the name of the AI system in the Terminator films that seeks to exterminate the human race. The firm already enables Alipay and Didi, a ride-hailing firm, to check the identity of new customers (their faces are compared with pictures held by the government).
Reacting to the success of such startups, China's tech giants, too, have begun to invest heavily in AI. Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent, collectively called BAT, are working on many of the same services, including speech- and face-recognition. But they are also trying to become dominant in specific areas of AI, based on their existing strengths.
Tencent has so far kept the lowest profile; it established its AI labs only in recent months. But it is bound to develop a big presence in AI: it has more data than the other two. Its WeChat messenger service has nearly 1bn accounts and is also the platform for thousands of services, from payments and news to city guides and legal help. Tencent is also a world-beater in games with blockbusters such as League of Legends and Clash of Clans, which have more than 100m players each globally.
Alibaba is already a behemoth in e-commerce and is investing billions to become number one in cloud computing. At a conference in June in Shanghai it showed off an AI service called “ET City Brain” that uses video recognition to optimise traffic in real time. It uses footage from roadside cameras to predict the behaviour of cars and can adjust traffic lights on the spot. In its home town of Hangzhou, Alibaba claims, the system has already increased the average speed of traffic by 11%. Alibaba is also planning to beef up what it calls “ET Medical Brain”, which will offer AI-powered services to discover drugs and diagnose medical images. It has signed up a dozen hospitals to get the data it needs.
But it is Baidu whose fate is most tied to AI, in part because the technology may be its main chance to catch up with Alibaba and Tencent. It is putting most of its resources into autonomous driving: it wants to get a self-driving car onto the market by 2018 and to provide technology for fully autonomous vehicles by 2020. On July 5th the firm announced a first version of its self-driving-car software, called Apollo, at a developer conference in Beijing.
Getting Apollo right will not only involve cars safely navigating the streets, but managing a project that is open to outsiders. Rivals such as Waymo, Google's subsidiary, and Tesla, an electric-car firm, jealously guard their software and the data they collect. Baidu is planning not only to publish the recipe for its programs (making them “open-source”, in the jargon), but to share data. The idea is that carmakers that use Baidu's technology will do the same, creating an open platform for data from self-driving cars—the “Android for autonomous vehicles”, in the words of Mr Lu.
Drive like a Beijinger
It remains to be seen how successful Chinese firms will be in exporting their AI products—for now, only a tiny handful are used abroad. In theory they should travel well: a self-driving car trained on China's chaotic streets ought to have no problem navigating the more civilised traffic in Europe (in contrast, a vehicle trained in Germany may not get far beyond the first intersection in Beijing). But consumers in the West may hesitate to use self-driving cars that have been trained in a laxer safety environment that is more tolerant of accidents. Chinese municipalities are said to be falling over themselves to be testing grounds for autonomous vehicles.
There is another risk. Data are the most valuable input for AI at the moment, but their importance may yet diminish. AI firms have started to use simulated data, including those from video games. New types of algorithms may be capable of getting smart with fewer examples. “The danger is that we stop innovating in algorithms because of our advantage in data,” warns Gansha Wu, chief executive of UISEE, a Beijing startup which is developing self-driving technology. For now, though, China looks anything but complacent. In the race for pre-eminence in AI, it will run America close.
Have you ever said or done something in a fit of that you later regretted? Do you often say you're going to cut back on your drinking or , only to soon find yourself waking up hung over and disappointed with yourself? Have you succumbed to the urge to eat an entire cake, knowing all the while the stomach ache that awaits you after the last bite? If any of these scenarios sound familiar to you, I'm not surprised. You're human, after all. And like all humans, you experience impulses, or urges acting in a particular way. But while impulses are a normal part of being human, acting on those impulses isn't always a good idea. Getting an impulse to scream, “This is so boring!!!!” in a meeting at work is completely normal. But actually doing it is something else entirely. If you want to keep your , your best bet is to manage the impulse and control how you respond to it. For some people, that will be much harder to do than for others.
That's because we all vary in terms of our ability to manage or control our impulses. is the ability to experience an impulse without acting on it. According to the research on the subject, people with a high degree of impulse control tend to be academically and professionally successful, physically fit, socially competent, and psychologically well-adjusted. Poor impulse control, on the other hand, is associated with dangerous sexual behavior, excessive , , and .
To live in the modern world as a human being is to be flooded with stimuli all the time. There's a multiverse inside of you, made up of all the thoughts, feelings, and physical sensations you experience as you encounter the world. At any moment, an impulse to act may be produced—one that, if followed, may have a detrimental outcome. The degree to which it's dangerous to give in to an impulse varies widely, of course. For instance, giving in to the urge to have a cookie after dinner is far less harmful than succumbing to the impulse to physically injure another person. But whatever kinds of impulses we might have, we'll always benefit from to respond to them more mindfully.
A basic practice serves as a useful foundation for becoming less impulsive, as it involves centering your in the here-and-now, experiencing the present moment as it's happening. Here are some further considerations for managing even the most intense and seemingly intractable impulses.
Build a practice of going slowly — If you want to be able to act differently when an impulse strikes, you have to be moving slowly enough to catch it. You have to recognize the impulse for what it is and think through what you want to do about it. Since impulsivity is all about immediacy, the trick to changing the impulsive behavior is to give yourself enough time to act differently—or not act at all, as the case may be. As with any new skill you want to develop, the ability to move slowly will come about through systematic and intentional practice. Practice going slowly all the time. As often as you can, be mindful of what you're doing as you're doing it; notice what you're feeling as you're feeling it. The more you do this, the better you'll be at recognizing and managing the impulses that spontaneously arise within you.
Pay attention — Our attention is one of the greatest tools we possess. Whatever we pay attention to in a particular moment will shape our experience in that moment. If I'm paying attention to my breath in , for example, all of my experience is distilled in the breath—all of my awareness is centered in each inhale and exhale. If the impulse you'd like to stop giving in to is, say, smoking a cigarette after each meal, you could start by paying attention to what you're sensing throughout the meal, especially as you take your final bites. Notice the thoughts, emotions, and physical sensations that pass through you just before you reach for your pack and lighter. Once you start paying attention in this way, you'll become more familiar with your impulses, which will help you respond to them differently. Maybe you'll notice that you start thinking about the cigarette about halfway through your meal. You can practice shifting your attention to the sensation of chewing and swallowing your food, getting absorbed in the moment and giving yourself a greater chance of resisting the urge and avoiding the cigarette.
Break it down — An impulse is just a thought, an emotion, a physical sensation, or a combination of the three. When you can see an impulse for what it is, you've got a better chance of pausing to examine it and let it go instead of giving in to it. Meditation is one way to help you do this. Through the practice of meditation, you can observe your internal experience and recognize that thoughts, feelings, and sensations will pass if you do nothing to them. Like the waves of the ocean, they'll roll up and then recede, all on their own. If you can experience the sinking feeling in your chest for exactly what it is—a tightening of certain muscles, rather than a command to send another text when she hasn't responded to the first 16—you have a better chance of acting in a way that's more consistent with a favorable outcome.
Find the sweet spot — Managing your impulses doesn't mean suppressing or denying what you're experiencing. It's not about limiting your options. In fact, it's quite the opposite. Learning to manage your impulses is all about improving your ability to choose and expanding your options for what to do when the impulse arises. Instead of automatically giving in to the urge to pour a second glass of wine, you can acknowledge the urge, sit with it, and thoughtfully decide what you want to do about it. Sometimes you may consider your options and decide that, in fact, you do want to have the second glass. That wouldn't be cause for beating yourself up; it would actually be a cause for celebration, because making a clear, well-reasoned decision is essentially the opposite of mindlessly acting on impulse. There's a balance point—or sweet spot, if you will—between rigid self-control and recklessness. Finding it will help you make healthier choices without restricting yourself unrealistically.
Become a goal-setter — Create and come up with small, measurable steps to take along the way to achieving them. This will help you practice staying focused and delaying gratification. It will build your tolerance for discomfort and improve your ability to deal with challenges. The more practiced you are at working toward something when there's no immediate reward for your efforts, the better you'll be at managing your impulses. The beautiful thing about our brains is that they change according to how we use them. The more you practice delaying gratification—by setting goals and rewarding yourself only after you've accomplished them—the more your brain will adapt, making it easier for you to do it.
Like learning to play the piano, learning to manage your impulses takes practice. It requires patience, awareness, discipline, and effort. And just as it is with the piano, the more you do it, the better you get at it. Whether you want to get healthier, improve your , save money, or curb a bad habit, you'll do well to start getting intentional about impulse control.
Top Dividend Stocks in a Down Market
Like most investors still braving this market I keep trying to find a safe place to invest that provides decent returns. With a stock market that seems to have many more down days than up days, it is hard to have confidence in future growth prospects. However with interest rates falling rapidly, saving money in even the best of high yield savings accounts seems to offer little return in real terms. There is one bright spot however and a good option for medium to long term investors – High Dividend Stocks. Amongst the S&P 500 (whose yield is approaching a record 3%) there are some relatively stable, good quality stocks with significantly above average dividend yields. These stocks have not escaped the market beating, but they have held up better than most and at current prices offer attractive entry points for long term investors. Here is a table of some high dividend paying stocks I am considering, based on a recent screen where I looked for stocks that met the following additional criteira: Business model than can wether a severe economic downturn, PEG less than 2, market capitalization greater than $20 Billion, strong earnings growth (>5% over 5 years) and stock price nearer it's 52-week low than its 52 week high (cheaper entry point).
The stocks from the table fall into 3 main sectors – consumer related, utilities and pharmaceutical. Sectors that are much more recession proof that others, and have good longer term profiles. Drug companies like Eli Lilly (LLY) have had more challenges, amid a paucity of blockbuster new drugs. But LLY with a 5.5% dividend yield is viewed as relatively safe with bright prospects relative to its competitors.
Stocks such as Coca-Cola (KO) are considered relatively safe picks even in a painful global recession. Coke posted better-than-expected third-quarter profit growth of 14%, as strong growth from international markets helped offset weakening U.S. beverage sales. About 81% of Coke's profit came from foreign markets last year, and the company has expanded in emerging markets.
Although utilities' shares have fallen sharply, some investors and analysts see their dividends as stable, and argue that the shares could be strong because they will outperform in a downturn. Goldman Sachs recommends American Electric Power (AEP), Consolidated Edison and Entergy. These stocks have dividend yields between 3.7% and 6%. I like Dominion Resources (D) in this space as well because of the company's strong position, growth prospects and ability to weather a severe downturn because of its geographical location.
If individual stock picking is not for you, then consider a dividend focused ETF or Fund. Some included the Dow Jones Select Dividend Index (DVY), Vanguard Dividend Appreciation (VIG), First Trust Morningstar Div Leaders (FDL) or for a more global flavor the PowerShares Intl Dividend Achievers (PID). Just go to Google or Yahoo finance to get the latest prices and yields for all the stocks and ETF's mentioned in this post.
As always I encourage you to do your own research and to remember that dividend yield should not be the only metric you use to consider when buying a stock. Some high-dividend stocks can be dangerous, especially as corporate profits fall, cash flows shrink and companies find it more difficult to make these payments to shareholders. Dividends generally are the second expenditure that companies trim to conserve cash in a downturn, after stock buybacks. Some investors piled into Bank of America in the past few months, attracted by a dividend yield that topped 7%. But earlier this month, the bank slashed its dividend in half, sending its shares lower. So always look for the health of the company and stock, before the dividend yield. The companies I have included in the above table are first and foremost good companies/stocks, which enables them to have an above average, sustainable dividend yield.
Related Posts:
~ Understanding Options – The Comprehensive Reference Guide for Beginners
~ Dividend Reinvestment Plans (DRIPs)- A great investment
~ A new goal : $300 monthly passive income by year end
This comprehensive guide explains what project managers expect to earn in the UK. Discover where the highest/lowest paid project managers work and which industries they work in. If you're thinking of a career in project management and considering investing in training as a means to enter the profession, then read this ebook. If you're a more established project manager, learn how much you could be earning.
Overview
Project managers in the UK are certainly well paid. According to Glassdoor, nationwide salaries in the UK average £42k [1]. PayScale reports project manager salaries ranging from £25k to £60k, with a median UK salary of £38k [2].
However, when looking further at reported salaries, it is clear to see that project managers in certain regions, or those working in certain industries, are earning well above the national average.
As you might expect, London is where a lot of these higher earners are located. With regards to industry worked in, it is perhaps unsurprising that the IT project manager reports higher than average salaries, earning up to £66k [3], and construction project manager salaries up to £65k [4].
However, some sectors actually pay below the UK national average. You may not be surprised, but project managers working in the marketing industry, usually a glitzy and well-paid industry, earn just £31k [5].
London
As noted previously, London is home to some of the highest earning project managers in the UK, where they earn significantly more than the national average.
London may be an obvious place for high earners to live and work, whatever the job role, but delving deeper to try and understand why project managers in particular earn more in the capital than elsewhere is quite interesting.
If we look at what is happening in London at the moment, the need for project managers is incredibly high, with projects springing up across the city. Old buildings are being demolished, entire boroughs are undergoing regeneration, and let's not forget famous projects such as Crossrail and Battersea Power Station.
With so much engineering and construction happening in the capital, it is safe to say that London-based project managers working in these industries are earning big money.
In fact, London-based project managers in the engineering industry earn on average over £48k [6], which is £5k above the UK average for engineering project managers. In construction, salaries are £4k higher than the UK average of £42k [7].
If we also look at the other high-earning industries such as IT, salaries in London are 18% higher than the average IT project manager salary of £42k [8].
Scotland
A more surprising region for high project manager salaries is Scotland. Take a quick glance at the chart below, and you will see how engineering project manager salaries compares with the other regions. Although Glasgow salaries are less than the UK average, in Aberdeen they are the highest of anywhere in the UK.
So, just what does Aberdeen have to offer a potential project manager? Aberdeen is the centre of the UK's oil industry. Known as the 'oil capital of Europe', the abundance of natural gas, oil and renewable energy companies has made Aberdeen one of the wealthiest places in the UK.
Located in Aberdeen alone are Wood Group Engineering, GL Noble Denton, The Cammach Group and Wellahead Engineering - all companies which focus on engineering products for energy, such as drills and machinery, offshore oil exploration and welding projects.
With so many expensive energy projects ongoing in Aberdeen, it surely must follow that project managers with the right knowledge are in high demand and will therefore be rewarded with an excellent salary.
In Edinburgh, the finance industry is strong. In fact, Edinburgh is a banking hotspot, with Standard Life, Scottish Widows, Royal Bank of Scotland and Tesco Bank all based there. Around 35,000 people are employed in Edinburgh's financial sector [9] which is the highest number of any city outside of London.
The IT sector is also doing well in Edinburgh, with major tech firms such as Amazon, Rockstar and Skyscanner all based in the city, which has in recent years become a tech hub.
Edinburgh is also home to large companies such as Cairn, an oil and gas exploration company, as well as Pelamis Wave Power and Aquamarine Power, two large renewable energy companies.
With such an array of employers to work for, one would expect project manager salaries in the city to be relatively high, but this is not the case. Construction project manager salaries in Edinburgh are only a fraction over the UK average at £43k [10]. IT project managers fare much worse with a salary of £36k compared to the UK average of £42k [11].
South East England
The South East hosts major industries such as aerospace, healthcare & life sciences, automotive, financial services, electronics and the creative sector [12], and the close proximity to London, the Eurotunnel and two major airports (Gatwick and Heathrow) make the South East an economic powerhouse.
Figures show that South East England is the second most prosperous region of the UK [13], and a huge number of multinational corporations have their UK bases in the South East, and they will all no doubt be wanting the cream of the crop when it comes to project managers.
Companies such as Amazon, BMW, Pfizer, American Express and Unilever all have headquarters in the region, and there is a cluster of tech companies around the M4 motorway, known as Silicon Alley, which includes Microsoft, Oracle, Dell UK, IBM and Sony. This explains why IT project managers in Reading can earn on average of £51k [14].
South West England
The South West of England is a largely rural area dominated by the tourism sector with historic and scenic areas such as Cornwall, Devon, the Cotswolds, Wiltshire, Somerset and Bristol all in the region. Nevertheless, there are clusters if high-tech industries such as aerospace, digital, low-carbon and engineering industries [15].
The absence of large financial or IT industries explains why project manager salaries in Bristol are only £39k - £3k less than the UK average [16]. However, with Bristol having a 70-year history with the key aerospace industry – in fact the city has links to the famous Concorde aircraft – one might expect that engineering salaries would be better than the UK average. It's somewhat surprising therefore to learn that project managers in the engineering sector only pick up a salary of £36k, which is well below the UK average of £43k [17].
However, in construction, salaries fare better with £48k being the highest of anywhere in the UK [18].
West Midlands
The UK was once a major global player in the manufacture industry, owing its success to the Industrial Revolution. The West Midlands in particular played a major role in manufacture during these prosperous times, with the region being dubbed the 'Workshop of the World'.
Despite the region suffering long-term decline over many decades it is still a major exporter of manufactured goods. It also hosts a large automotive industry, with the likes of Rolls-Royce, Jaguar Land Rover, Aston Martin and Norton Motorcycles all having factories in the region.
With it's long-term decline evident, it might be expected that salaries are lower than the UK average. Whilst this is the case for engineering project managers, whose salaries are £5k under the UK average of £43k [19], it's not the case for either IT or construction. In IT, salaries are just above the UK average of £42k [20], and in construction they are £5k over the £42k UK average [21].
The North
Similar to the West Midlands, the North of England used to be the powerhouse of the Industrial Revolution. The major cities of Manchester, Leeds, Sheffield and Newcastle have all suffered huge declines over the decades, and debates about the north-south divide have partly been built upon the fact that salaries in the north are substantially below those of the south.
Evidence of this can be seen in all of the graphs above, where salaries of project managers in Manchester are some of the lowest in the UK in all the sectors described.
The UK Looking to the future
At the end of 2018, uncertainty clouds the horizon with the key Brexit vote in Parliament yet to be taken. Being in limbo is certainly not helping the UK economy, and across the UK salaries in 2018 remain lower than they were a decade earlier when the credit crisis began.
Project managers wanting to get ahead need to consider gaining professional project management qualifications if they haven't already got them and broaden out their qualifications set if they already hold one certification.
It's still the case that the project management qualifications most in-demand by employers in the UK remains PRINCE2. However, in the IT sector AgilePM are gaining popularity.
Looking wider, the demand for project managers is only going to increase [22] according to the Project Management Institute (PMI) which forecasts worldwide demand for project managers to increase by over 20 million in the decade from 2017. This includes an increase of 200,000 project managers in the UK alone.
So, if you are already a project manager, or thinking of becoming one, the future looks rosy over the next decade despite the Brexit uncertainty over the next year or so.
Toronto police issued a city-wide alert for Rob Ford's SUV on Aug. 29 after witnesses called police with concerns about the Toronto mayor's fitness to drive, CBC News has learned.
The calls to police came in response to Ford's behaviour at a barbecue attended by Prime Minister Stephen Harper at Sunnybrook Park.
CBC News has learned that when Ford got behind the wheel to leave the event, his departure set off a series of calls to a police dispatcher.
On that evening, the mayor became the focus of a city-wide police alert, with patrol cars ordered to keep a lookout for his vehicle.
Ford had attended the barbecue hoping to speak with Harper about getting federal money for the Scarborough subway. That meeting never happened.
Later in the evening, police spotted Ford's vehicle in the parking lot of the Grand Hotel & Suites at 225 Jarvis St., where Ford was staying. CBC News has learned that a police sergeant spoke to Ford inside a hotel room and told the mayor that police had been looking for his vehicle and told him why.
CBC News has learned that police spoke with Ford at this hotel after the Aug. 29 barbecue. (CBC)
Ford was not charged in the incident and it appears the investigation did not proceed further.
Members of council have raised concerns recently about Ford's drinking and Ford himself admitted recently he has driven after drinking alcohol.
That statement came after Ford admitted earlier this month that he has smoked crack cocaine while serving as mayor.
That admission set off a whirlwind few weeks for Ford who was stripped of much of his powers and office budget by city council.
Court documents have revealed that for much of the summer Ford and his friend and occasional driver Alexander (Sandro) Lisi were under police surveillance. Lisi is now facing extortion and drug trafficking charges.
CBC News has learned that police surveillance teams were not watching Ford on the night of the Aug. 29 barbecue.
(REYKJAVIK) - The European Union has reached an agreement over controversial mackerel quotas with Norway and the Faroe Islands, prompting an angry reaction from Iceland on Thursday.
The deal, agreed in London on Wednesday -- a week after negotiations with Iceland broke down -- is aimed at ending a four-year "mackerel war" over north Atlantic mackerel quotas with Iceland and the Faroe Islands, an autonomous Danish territory.
"I would have preferred that Iceland joined the agreement but an agreement between three is a big step in the right direction," Norwegian Minister of Fisheries Elisabeth Aspaker said in a statement.
Iceland's Foreign Minister Gunnar Bragi Sveinsson expressed surprise that the deal had gone ahead without his country's involvment.
"What we have been wondering is what secret deals were going on while we believed we were in an honest and open discussion with the European Union and the Faroe Islands," he said.
"It seems that behind the scenes another deal was being negotiated behind our backs and it has reached the surface now."
Previous negotiations collapsed on March 5 with Iceland and Norway -- both non-EU states -- blaming each other for the failure.
The five-year agreement allows the EU a 611,000 tonne mackerel quota, while Norway gets 279,000 tonnes and the Faroes 156,000 tonnes.
"This agreement ensures the long term sustainability of this valuable stock," EU Commissioner for Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, Maria Damanaki said in a statement, adding that a "reserve" quota had been set aside for Iceland.
"The door is still open for Iceland to join the other parties in the near future."
The issue of quotas heated up in recent years as mackerel started migrating north to the fishing waters off the Faroes and Iceland in response to rising sea temperatures.
When Iceland and the Faroe Islands unilaterally increased their quotas in 2010 Brussels responded with sanctions against the Faroe Islands for overfishing herring, banning imports of both mackerel and herring from the archipelago and forbidding some of its fishing boats from docking in EU ports.
Iceland has not suffered any sanctions so far but fishing has been a major obstacle stopping the island nation from joining the EU.
Reykjavik pulled out of accession talks indefinitely in September despite public support for a promised referendum on joining the bloc.
0 Surveillance video catches seasonal UPS worker stealing package
ATLANTA - David Altman said he was thrilled when he got a notification on his phone that his package had been delivered but when he went outside to grab the box, it wasn't there.
"I'm lucky I have a camera so we can catch them in the act and see what's happening," Altman said. "I ran back to my security camera to see what happened to my package, and I saw the truck pull up, the driver walk up. I played it back again, and saw him stick (the package) in his pants (and) then turn around and walk away," Altman said.
It happened Friday evening after his home surveillance system captured a UPS truck pulling up outside his Inman Park home.
TRENDING STORIES:
Seconds later, cameras caught a man the company said it had hired as a seasonal worker to help with the holiday rush. The video shows the worker pretending to deliver the package before shoving it down his pants and casually walking away.
"It's unbelievable," Altman said.
He said he immediately called UPS and sent the company the video.
"I called them up 20 minutes after it happened, explained, and she didn't take me seriously and said someone would call me back and no one did.
Altman called Channel 2 Action News and we called UPS.
A company spokesperson told us the recently hired employee was the driver's helper that day and was fired and arrested on Monday morning when he arrived at work in South Fulton County.
They also released this statement reading in part:
“UPS investigated the situation, recovered the package, and continues to work with law enforcement on the situation.”
The only problem is that Atlanta Police told Channel 2 Action News they had no knowledge of the case.
“There just seems like there was a lapse in communication there,” Altman said.
Altman said the company returned the stolen box containing the Apple AirPods he has purchased for his girlfriend for Hanukkah.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Watching Ae Dil Hai Mushkil first day first show: Indian patriots owe me 390 bucks
Indian "patriots", the kind who send messages to the Indian Army but ignore its recruitment ads, owe me Rs 390 plus the ransom paid for a bucket of popcorn.
But for them, I would have never been forced to pursue a hobby given up since Amitabh Bachchan's Desh Premee: Watching a movie first day, first show. Word was out that Ranbir Kapoor shows the middle finger to Anushka Sharma in Ae Dil Hai Mushkil. Somebody had to do the same to the bullies who want films banned and boycotted, divide art in the name of country and religion.
I and my Rs 390 volunteered.
If you are expecting this to be a review of Karan Johar's latest film, then here is a spoiler alert. Like Eggsy says in Kingsman: The Secret Service, "This ain't that kind of review, bruv." The only secret I can divulge is this: Tere chehre se nazar nahin hat ti, film hum kyan dekhen? Go, figure out yourself who deserves Sahir Ludhianvi's immortal compliment.
Indian keyboard warriors have an interesting history of fatwas. In the past, they have threatened to not watch many of Salman Khan's films, outraged against Aamir Khan's PK, not shop at Snapdeal and boycott Chinese products, an act of patriotism typed out on handsets made in China.
The Ayatollahs of India may want to ponder this: Their fatwas have invariably had the opposite effect. Salman's films routinely gross more than Rs 200-crore, PK is among India's highest grossers, Snapdeal's bargains attract thousands of consumers and, while the warriors rage against Chinese products, Xiomi runs out of stock the moment it announces its latest product.
While they unleash their anger on one social media platform, on a parallel platform, Youtube, Indians go ga-ga over promos of Aamir's Dangal, watching them several million times.
And so it was at a multiplex where I saw Ae Dil Hai Mushkil. I went there on an early-winter Friday morning half-expecting a group of slogan-shouters dissuading people to avoid the film because (spoiler alert) it has Pakistani actor Fawad Khan speaking exactly two lines and consuming five minutes of footage and a vacant theatre. But, the only crowd of slogan-shouters visible was that of youngsters chanting: Bhaiyya, peeche ki seat, corner. Maybe, convinced by the prowess of our social media patriots, they too were expecting an empty theatre. But, most went back home disappointed.
If the queues at the counters are any indication, the film featuring a Pakistani actor is giving tough competition to our desi superhero's Shivaay, a big surprise since one would have bet on the double opium of nationalism and chants of 'Har, Har' — sound familiar, no? — that announce Ajay Devgn's advent on the screen would have taken the collections to a new high.
But, at the moment, pseudo-nationalism is getting bludgeoned by the Indian viewer's desire to judge cinema on The Dirty Picture criteria: Entertainment, entertainment and entertainment.
Johar's film may go on to mint a few hundred crores, it may bomb at the box-office. Some may hate it, some may call it mere time-pass, others may love it. A majority may come back with a feeling of deja-vu, of Johar repackaging his old plots in a film without feeling or depth.
But, the initial response to the film shows Indians do not get swayed by jingoism; that they reject the weird argument that boycotting films or sport will "honour" our soldiers and closing borders to artistes makes a country safe.
And, like Kapoor, they know when to raise the middle finger.
The film's successful release would hopefully remind India's fatwa brigade that in a democracy, it is best to leave everyone to decide what they want, respect individual freedoms, keep politics out of art and culture. They would, perhaps, understand what Howard Roark says in Ayn Rand's 'The Fountainhead': “No individual should recognise anyone's right to one minute of his life. No matter who makes the claim, how large their number or how great their need.” That, if you love the Army, go and join it, fill up the vacancies that have existed for years, instead of firing from your keyboards
In case they don't, Dangal is coming.
Updated Date: Oct 28, 2016 17:34:20 IST
When you think of an ideal mentor for your children... one name comes to mind. No, not that sad woman from "Super Nanny." Noone will set your offspring on a good path quite like Lemmy from Motorhead.
He tells the December Edition of Classic Rock Magazine what he thinks of this generation's love of rioting.
I was a hellraiser, but... I'm sixty f______ six at Christmas. How much more hellraising have I got left to do? I did most of it already – twice. I won't be coming back to England," he said. "I'm proud to be English, but the England I'm proud of has gone. The riots were a symptom of that. Kids just need an excuse and they're gonna be out on the street, waving things about.
When it comes to being a guiding force of parental knowledge, there's none better than Lemmy. How great would a reality TV series in which troubled youths go to Lemmy's bootcamp be? That could be a game changer to the entire entertainment industry.
Imagine a movie where Lemmy somehow becomes in charge of a class full of inner city misfit youths and he teaches them how to change their lives for the better with insane gritty rock n roll... and classic and timeless Lemmy wisdom. It could be an instant classic and top selling book series. Keep up the good work Papa Lemmy... but mostly just keep rocking please.
[Via: The Independant ]
Goal.com spoke with the 24-year-old who is one of a number of Australia internationals, such as Harry Kewell, who've headed home for the highly-anticipated new A-League season
| Asian Football Editor
"There was one game where we got beaten 4-1 by Leverkusen and the coach told me at half-time that I was the only player doing well. Then the next week I found myself on the bench somehow."
- Dario Vidosic on life at Nurnberg
VIDOSIC ON THE SOCCEROOS
“If you look at Matt McKay, he was playing in the A-League and he was one of the best players at the Asian Cup. It doesn't matter where you're playing your football, it's about if your football talks.”
- Dario Vidosic
"We'd love to be able to say at the end of the season that we were better than Melbourne Victory with Harry Kewell in their team.”
- Vidosic on Kewell's return to Australia
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/BombThrowingAnarchists
Mad Stan: BLOW IT ALL UP!
Terry McGinnis: Keep it down, Stan. We're in a library.
Mad Stan: You think this is a joke? Look around, Batman! Society's crumbling! And do you know why?
Terry McGinnis: Too many overdue books?
Mad Stan: Information overload, man! As a society we're drowning in a quagmire of vid-clips, e-mail, and sound bytes! We can't absorb it all! There's only one sane solution: BLOW IT UP! Batman Beyond BLOW IT ALL UP!Keep it down, Stan. We're in a library.You think this is a joke? Look around, Batman! Society's crumbling! And do you know why?Too many overdue books?Information overload, man! As a society we're drowning in a quagmire of vid-clips, e-mail, and sound bytes! We can't absorb it all! There's only one sane solution: BLOW IT UP!
Advertisement:
Anarchism is an umbrella term for a bunch of views that advocate the reduction or elimination of hierarchic power and its replacement by various forms of voluntary non-hierarchical cooperation. Historically, many anarchists encourage nonviolent means for this goal.
Since the 19th century, after anarchism began to take form as a social movement, news, propaganda, and fiction have vilified anarchists as maniacs who simply want nothing but chaos, destruction, and anarchy for anarchy's sake. Anarchists often fill the role of Terrorists Without a Cause. This also tended to be the stereotypical image of communists for many Westerners until the "Orwellian intellectual infiltrating the government" image gained popularity starting in the 1940s.
The "bomb-throwing" image of the anarchist was locked into the mindset of the public after the 1886 Haymarket Square riot in Chicago, where eight anarchists went on trial for a bomb that was thrown at a rally (they were not actually charged with throwing it, as some weren't even at the rally; instead they were charged with inciting the action, being influential anarchist figures in Chicago). Most people had probably never paid much attention to one of the 19th century's many radical social movements before, but the sensationalized spread of the incident left a negative impression in media for a long time. The assassination of several heads of governments by anarchists during the following twenty years (most notably French President Marie François Sadi Carnot, Spanish Prime Minister Antonio Cánovas, Austrian Empress Elisabeth, Italian King Umberto I, and American President William McKinley) didn't help them either. During this period some anarchists advocated violent acts as "attentats" i.e. a means of drawing attention to their cause to spark a revolution by inspiring others, called "propaganda of the deed". Obviously, this backfired horribly, painting them as entirely depraved terrorists.
Advertisement:
Often depicted with excess facial hair, or wearing a mask.
Traditionally equipped with a Cartoon Bomb, described by one stock image-hosting site as an "old-fashioned anarchist-style round bomb with burning fuse ."
Subtrope of Strawman Political.
Compare Mad Bomber, Dirty Communists, Ludd Was Right. For the right-wing version, see Right-Wing Militia Fanatic. See also Anarchy Is Chaos for an aversion. For actual bomb throwing as a Weapon of Choice see Throw Down the Bomblet.
Advertisement:
Examples:
open/close all folders
Anime and Manga
Cowboy Bebop had the Teddy Bomber, a character existing only to be a bounty to be chased and fought over by Spike and Andy. He constantly tries to outline his manifesto but the two egomaniac heroes ignore him in their scrap to prove superiority over the (practically identical) other. We discover that in the end, his bombing was an attempt to call attention to, and level, the vast inequalities in society.
Katsura from Gintama is like this initially, but later decides to resort to more peaceful methods of changing the country. Though with how often he's seen goofing off, it's easy to forget that he's even a member of an anti-foreigner faction to begin with.
Comics
Fan Works
Weaver And Jinx features Maribel, aka 'Jinx'. Who dislikes the Protectorate and Wards, states that she plans to shut Shadow Stalker's power down during a fight with the local gangs, if the opportunity presents itself, and generally offers the most vicious options to solve the problems her team faces. She still manages to be fairly mild compared to some of the real monsters in the Worm Universe.
Season 2 of The New Adventures of Invader Zim introduces Nyx, an Irken Defective who hates what she sees as the corrupt system running the Irken Empire and wants to tear it down, usually by means of blowing stuff up and enabling riots. She's also clearly nuts, being an admitted fangirl of Zim and all the damage he causes.
Film
Literature
Live Action TV
Music
Professional Wrestling
Tabletop Games
Space 1889 played fairly straight and intended to be an antagonist though it is also available as a player character career in character generation. The illustration fits the stereotype, complete with a cartoon bomb.
The cover of Misspent Youth by Robert Bohl, features a pair of anarchists, one of whom is brandishing a Molotov cocktail. The protagonist characters are all basically bomb-throwing anarchists.
by Robert Bohl, features a pair of anarchists, one of whom is brandishing a Molotov cocktail. The protagonist characters are all basically bomb-throwing anarchists. The Planescape Dungeons & Dragons setting's Anarch faction has a number of members who believe in "overthrow the status quo now," without worrying about what's going to replace it. On the other hand, their motives could be considered better than say, the Sinker fraction of the Doomguard, who worship entropy and destruction for its own sake, or the Xaositects, for whom "having a plan" isn't really an option. On the other hand, the Free League faction is more or less made up of non-bomb-throwing anarchists, being a loose association of individuals trying to get with their lives without the other factions telling them what to do. They even organize themselves in a non-hierarchical way.
Vampire: The Masquerade averted this in two ways: The Brujah clan, once known as a clan of passionate philosopher-kings, who tended more towards impulsive radicalism in modern nights. While the clan tends more towards the "throw a brick through a Starbucks window" school of anarchy, however, it does have its share of passionate intellectuals who prefer to argue the merits of anarchy rather than enforce it with their fists. The Anarchs, a general faction of vampires who believe the Camarilla are a bunch of outmoded feudal lords with their heads up their butts and the Sabbat are a band of psychopaths. They institute their own systems and fight to establish baronies free from Camarilla control, with political systems varying from baron to baron. It should be notable that by the mid-nineties in which the setting is set, the only Anarch holdings left in the world is the US West Coast, which is being invaded by the Sabbat from Mexico, the Camarilla from the east, and the Kuei-Jin coming in by boat from the west, which showcases just how successful the Anarchs are.
The Jammers from Feng Shui definitely fit the trope, with a fondness for blowing up Feng Shui sites in order to carry out Battlechimp Potemkin's dream of a world without chi.
Paranoia features the secret society "Death Leopard", a coalition of pseudo-anarchist party-animals.
7th Sea has an entire Secret Society of Bomb Throwing Anarchists with its own splatbook. While the Rilisciare's reasons for being anti-authoritarian (nobles in the setting have access to sorcery that is causing the barrier between the physical world and Hell to slowly weaken, and non-powered nobles have a history of betraying the Free Thinkers ) are clearly stated, the society's history includes the point where they extended their enmity to include anyone with power, even mundane political power. Plus, all the good explosives abilities and equipment are in their splatbook (including the "Arson" and "Bomb-making" skills and a coat with hidden explosives in the buttons).
) are clearly stated, the society's history includes the point where they extended their enmity to include anyone with power, even mundane political power. Plus, all the good explosives abilities and equipment are in their splatbook (including the "Arson" and "Bomb-making" skills and a coat with hidden explosives in the buttons). The Warhammer 40,000 spin-off game Gorkamorka featured the Gretchin Revolutionary Committee, who were pretty much just a goblin-based parody of this trope.
Bleak World has the Bridge Burners, who are seen as this by the other Jotun. In reality they are more of an organized terrorist group who oppose the pilgrimage back to Homestead on the theory that they could end up doing more damage to Earth by inviting the Elves to come here.
Theatre
The play Last Meals has in one of its vignettes a Timothy McVeigh expy with a thing for mint chocolate chip ice cream. He is shown making a speech to the camera and does an Unflinching Walk from a building he has just blown up, while eating his ice cream.
The play The Just Assassins by French writer Albert Camus explores the moral issues faced by a group of Russian terrorists plotting to kill the Governor General of Moscow by throwing a bomb at his carriage. This was based on a real assassination, though the perpetrators were not the anarchists but the Socialist Revolutionaries.
This what the victim in Accidental Death of an Anarchist is alleged to have been, and what The Maniac might very well be.
Video Games
Web Comics
The Cooks from Templar Arizona, a gang of people who intentionally turn peaceful demonstrations into riots, mostly with scare tactics, but occasionally with flammables.
Western Animation
51 years ago on April 12, 1961, Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin made history as the first human in space. The Russian pilot blasted off in his Vostok spacecraft and completed one orbit of planet earth before returning to the Soviet Union.
Upon learning of the achievement, President John F. Kennedy announced:
THE ACHIEVEMENT by the USSR of orbiting a man and returning him safely to ground is an outstanding technical accomplishment. We congratulate the Soviet scientists and engineers who made this feat possible. The exploration of our solar system is an ambition which we and all mankind share with the Soviet Union and this is an important step toward that goal. Our own Mercury man-in-space program is directed toward that same end.
In 1962, Kennedy would challenge NASA to send a man to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon. We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too.
Gagarin became an international celebrity and a symbol of the first win in the space race between America and Russia. Due to his iconic status, Gagarin was not permitted to fly for eight years. Sadly, when he returned to the skies on a routine training flight from Chkalovsky Air Base, he and flight instructor Vladimir Seryogin died in a MiG-15UTI crash near the town of Kirzhach.
Tags: JFK, Kennedy, NASA, Popular Culture, Space Program
The agency estimated that complying with the new standard would cost $19 billion to $90 billion a year by 2020, to be largely borne by manufacturers, oil refiners and utilities. But the agency said that those costs would be offset by the benefits to human health, which it valued at $13 billion to $100 billion a year in the same period.
The new standard would force hundreds of counties that meet the current law to take costly steps to get back into compliance. Under the current standard of 0.075 parts per million, 322 counties of the 675 that monitor ozone levels are out of compliance. If the 0.070 limit is adopted, 515 counties would be out of compliance. Only 15 of the 675 monitored counties now meet the 0.060 standard.
In areas that do not meet the new standards, state and local governments will have to impose regulations to reduce the pollutants that produce smog, using technologies that have already cut such emissions from smokestacks, tailpipes and manufacturing plants, or new technology as yet uninvented. The nearly 40-year history of the Clean Air Act has shown that science — and the threat of costly penalties — have given industry the tools and incentive to find ways to cut ozone-producing gases.
Penalties for noncompliance include fines and loss of federal highway financing.
Agency analysts project that if the stricter standard is adopted, as many as 12,000 premature deaths per year from heart or lung diseases could be avoided, along with thousands of cases of bronchitis , asthma and nonfatal heart attacks.
“E.P.A. is stepping up to protect Americans from one of the most persistent and widespread pollutants we face,” Lisa P. Jackson , the agency's administrator, said in a statement. “Smog in the air we breathe poses a very serious health threat, especially to children and individuals suffering from asthma and lung disease . It dirties our air, clouds our cities and drives up our health care costs across the country.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Smog or ground-level ozone is not emitted by a single source, but is, according to the E.P.A., formed by a reaction of nitrogen oxides, volatile organic compounds, carbon monoxide and methane in the presence of sunlight. The main sources of these pollutants are power plants and factories, fumes from volatile solvents, vehicles emissions and gasoline vapors. Smog is worse in the summer because of heat and sunlight, and can travel hundreds of miles from its source and affect small towns, rural communities and wilderness areas.
The leader of an association of air-quality enforcement agencies welcomed the proposal.
“This is exactly what states and localities have advocated for 30 years,” said S. William Becker, executive director of the National Association of Clean Air Agencies. “This will not be easy to achieve, whichever number the E.P.A. ultimately chooses, but it's a decision that will ensure that public health is protected with an adequate margin of safety.”
Mr. Becker also said that the projected costs of compliance were likely to be lower than the agency's estimate. “And the benefits will likely trump the costs many times over,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The American Petroleum Institute , the oil companies' chief lobby, criticized the proposal as costly and likely to be ineffective. The group said there was no new scientific basis for changing the standard set at the end of the Bush administration.
“To do so is an obvious politicization of the air-quality standard-setting process that could mean unnecessary energy cost increases, job losses and less domestic oil and natural gas development and energy security,” the group said in a statement issued minutes after the agency's announcement.
The trade association for electric utilities, the Edison Electric Institute, reacted warily.
“We probably won't know for a couple of years just what utilities and other emissions sources will be required to do in response to a tighter ozone standard,” said John Kinsman, the institute's senior director for the environment. “States will have to cast a very wide net when targeting sources for emissions cuts, in part because utilities already have made substantial reductions in ozone-related emissions.”
The E.P.A. will take public comment on the proposal for 60 days and expects to issue a final rule in August with a single standard between 0.060 and 0.070 parts per million. By the end of 2013, states must submit plans showing how areas that do not attain the new standard will be brought into compliance. The new rules would be phased in between 2014 and 2031, with deadlines depending on how dirty the air is in a given region.
Frank O'Donnell of Clean Air Watch, an advocacy group, said that the ozone rule was the most significant environmental action the Obama administration was likely to take this year.
“This will ultimately mean cleaner air all across America,” Mr. O'Donnell said. “This is going to drive pollution control into the next decade and beyond.”
The entire Indian continent is a Hindu nation. That's what Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat believes. Speaking at a Sangh training camp in Mathura on Friday, Bhagwat reiterated that there should not be any doubt that everyone residing in India, Bangladesh or Pakistan are part of the Hindu nation.
Harping on his Hindu rhetoric Bhagwat said, "Bharat ek Hindu rashtra hai. We shouldn't have any doubt about it. And we need to stick to this belief. We can change ourselves in other areas. But the belief that India is a Hindu nation cannot be discarded at any cost."
Referring to multiple ways in which people are identified, he said, "Some people call themselves Hindus, some say they are Indian. There are some other people who call themselves Aryans and some say they don't believe in idol worship. This doesn't make any difference when it comes to accepting India as a Hindu rashtra."
Bhagwat claimed that besides India, Pakistan and Bangladesh are also Hindu nations. "Those who are living in the Indian subcontinent belong to the Hindu nation. They may have different citizenships but their nationality is Hindu," he said at Sriji Baba Saraswati Shishu Mandir in Mathura where the RSS training camp of western zone was organised on Friday.
To prove his point Bhagwat took a leaf out of the history book: "The Arabs used to pronounce 'Sa' as 'Ha'. So they would call us Hindu because there was river Sindhu in our country. It was in the area where Pakistan was carved out in 1947. In 1971, Bangladesh was carved out of Pakistan. This was the reason that the citizenship of residents of those areas changed. But they didn't leave their houses or their nation. This is why I say that their nationality remains the same," he said.
RSS chief said that some people are ignorant and they claim that they are Muslims or Christians. "The ancient name of this part of the land is Hindustan. Obviously whosoever is living here are Hindus," he further said.
Bhagwat called upon the Sangh cadres to grab the opportunity to spread the ideology of the organisation. "The situation is completely in our favour. This is the time when all the wings of the RSS should work to expand its base. We need to have a stronger base if we have to build a taller building. So is the case with the Sangh. We also need to increase the reach of our shakhas," he added.
ISLAMABAD: Though Pakistani officials seem confident of their chances before the International Court of Justice (ICJ) despite the reprieve granted to India, legal experts at home have assailed the way the world court handled the case of Indian spy Kulbhushan Jadhav.
Explore: Criticism at home over ICJ decision on Jadhav
Former Pakistan Bar Council Vice Chairman Dr Farogh Naseem was of the view that Pakistan should have immediately withdrawn its March 29, 2017 declaration accepting the compulsory jurisdiction of the ICJ. Instead of contesting the matter, this should have been done immediately after the Indians took Jadhav's case to the ICJ, he said.
Why did Pakistan not take the glaring and brutal human rights violations in India-held Kashmir before the court, despite the fact that Islamabad had a strong case in this regard, he asked, then answered his own question, saying that India had not conceded to the court's compulsory jurisdiction in this matter.
This point of view was also shared by former Additional Attorney General Tariq Khokhar, an expert in international law. He regretted that Pakistan had accepted ICJ jurisdiction through a declaration, which should have been withdrawn once Pakistan knew India would invoke the ICJ's jurisdiction against it.
Being an arbitration forum, each contesting state was allowed to nominate one person of its choice to act as an ad hoc judge at the ICJ, Mr Khokhar recalled.
India did nominate one but Pakistan did not, he regretted, adding that Pakistan's counsel did not argue for the full allotted time either. He deplored these failures, and asked: “How can we not execute a foreign terrorist who was nabbed red-handed when we are hanging our terrorists?”
Read: Who is Kulbhushan Jadhav?
Human rights activist Asma Jahangir suggested that rather than making the ICJ ruling a matter of ego, “We should sit down, join our heads and find a way out by going through the ruling thoroughly”.
“Who gave the opinion to deny consular access to Jadhav in the first place,” she questioned, and asked whether this was in the interest of the country. “Will it not endanger the rights of the prisoners languishing in Indian jails? Can one change international law?”
Another senior counsel, on condition of anonymity, said the only way out for Pakistan was to contest the court's jurisdiction and assure it that Pakistan had no immediate plans to execute Jadhav in a manner which may upend ICJ proceedings.
Pakistan should also request a fast-track hearing and consider holding a fresh trial for the spy in civilian courts by quashing the conviction handed down by the military court, he said.
Referring to ICJ's restraining order, he said: “Sadly, it is a resounding and unqualified defeat.”
He was also of the view that the national security exception in the 2008 bilateral agreement between the two countries, which Pakistan was banking on, was only applicable to additional safeguards provided under the agreement. This agreement and the exception could not supersede the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations (VCCR) 1963, he said.
Examine: 'Pakistan didn't fail': 5 things you should know about ICJ's decision on Jadhav
International law expert Ahmer Bilal Soofi was of the view that Pakistan should prepare for the second phase of this case, which was more important because it would be contested on merit and would provide Pakistan the chance to document India's intervention inside Pakistan through Jadhav.
Islamabad could insist on cooperation from India on the investigation into Jadhav's activities, he said, adding that Pakistan should also argue that the national security exception in the 2008 bilateral agreement was binding.
But former law minister legal expert S.M. Zafar said that prime facie, it was a wrong decision.
“I could not understand why the ICJ issued a stay order in the Jadhav case without even understanding the case,” he said.
“After reading the order sheet, what I could understand was that the ICJ issued the stay order saying that since the parties in the dispute could not convey their point of view and the court needs further assistance from both countries,” he said.
Though Mr Zafar said that the restraining order was not binding on Pakistan, it was considered a strong opinion.
According to him, Pakistan should change its legal strategy and should concentrate more on the terrorism angle.
Retired Justice Wajihud­din Ahmed also termed the ICJ order “poor”. “Even a civil judge of the subordinate judiciary would not handle the case the way the ICJ did,” he said.
“The court's job is to examine the case and pass an appropriate order, it is not the role of a court to interact with the relevant quarters for the execution of that order,” he further said.
“I can conclude that this was a political decision, based on the influence of India with the international community,” he said.
Barrister Masroor Shah opined that the ICJ order was not based on any statute or legal precedence.
Published in Dawn, May 19th, 2017
(CNN) Roger Stone, the flamboyant political adviser who has been connected to President Donald Trump for years, is defending his contacts with "Guccifer 2.0"-- the online persona who claims responsibility for hacking the Democratic National Committee -- as an innocuous "brief exchange" of a few direct messages that he says amount to nothing.
Any suggestion otherwise, he told CNN, is "a fabrication."
Stone said his few exchanges with Guccifer 2.0 occurred in August after Twitter briefly banned the hacker for posting DNC information, proving he did not collude in the hack itself.
"I have this brief exchange with him on Twitter," he recalled. "To collude, I would have to have written him before. ... We would need a time machine to collude."
The Smoking Gun website and then The Washington Times reported the direct messages between Stone and Guccifer 2.0.
Afterward, Stone released screen shots of the purported messages himself, posting them online in a blog post. In those messages, he said he was "delighted" to see Guccifer 2.0 reinstated after the hacking persona's brief banning by Twitter.
Stone also said in the blog post that he noted publicly on his Twitter account when the social media site reinstated Guccifer 2.0 "because I abhor censorship."
While Stone says his messages to the hacker alias are of no consequence, this is the first time anyone in Trump's orbit has acknowledged any contact with a hacker -- not to mention one that claimed responsibility for hacking the DNC.
"high confidence" was actually a front for US officials may well be interested in Stone's communications with Guccifer 2.0, whom they believe with"high confidence" was actually a front for Russian military intelligence and was part of the effort to influence America's elections.
Stone claims to be the subject of a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, saying his knowledge of that comes from "credible sources" that he cannot reveal. His communications with others -- by phone and email -- are being monitored, he claims to CNN.
Stone vigorously denies that any monitoring would be productive. You might get "a lot of funky campaign stuff, nothing that's illegal ... [and] no Russians," he said, denying any contact with Russia.
US officials have not confirmed any such warrant.
Questions have also been raised about Stone's cryptic tweets last August that John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign manager, would endure his "time in the barrel," which he posted after WikiLeaks began publishing other Democrats' hacked emails. The website posted thousands of emails it said were from Podesta's account in the closing weeks of the campaign.
Trust me, it will soon the Podesta's time in the barrel. #CrookedHillary — Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) August 21, 2016
Stone offers a "simple" explanation for his Podesta tweet: He was referring to "my own research" about Podesta and his family. He also says that tweet "does not in any way prove I was foreshadowing" the WikiLeaks release.
And what of Stone's ominous tweet in early October, "Wednesday@HillaryClinton is done. #Wikileaks"? He tells CNN that is the result of information from a source he would not reveal.
Stone says he has never communicated with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange "either directly or indirectly." Rather, the tweet was based on information from a friend who had spoken with Assange, he said. Earlier this month, however, Stone tweeted that he had a "back channel" to WikiLeaks during the presidential campaign only to delete it a short time later.
"[N]ever denied perfectly legal back channel to Assange, who indeed had the goods on #CrookedHillary," Stone tweeted. The post was gone after about 40 minutes.
Stone adds that he does not believe Assange works for the Russians, although the US intelligence community concluded in a report on January 6 that WikiLeaks did, in fact, work with Russian intelligence during the US election.
Instead, he offers that all of this could be "disinformation" disseminated by what he calls "rogue intelligence agencies," a line that is becoming increasingly popular in some far-right circles.
Pete Muller/National Geographic Creative
When the World Health Organization (WHO) declared on 14 January that the spread of Ebola had been halted in West Africa, it cautioned that cases of the virus might yet re-emerge. That is exactly what has happened in Sierra Leone, where another death from Ebola was announced hours after the WHO's statement.
Health officials told reporters that a 22-year-old woman had died in Magburaka after falling ill in Baomoi Luma, near the border of Guinea. A test for Ebola was confirmed positive only after her death, which occurred earlier in the week, raising concerns that she may have been in contact with others while contagious.
The case is Sierra Leone's first since it was declared free of Ebola on 7 November 2015, although the country was still in a 90-day period of enhanced surveillance. The WHO and local partners say that they are investigating its origin and identifying the woman's contacts.
Flare-ups expected
Although the epidemic phase of Ebola seems to be over, isolated cases were expected. The WHO considers human transmission of the virus to have halted when a country has gone 42 days (twice the virus's incubation period) with no new cases — but the virus can persist in survivors for months in semen, as well as in tissues such as the eye, the central nervous system, the prostate gland and the placenta. It also remains hidden in animal reservoirs.
Liberia, for example, was pronounced Ebola-free in May 2015, but the virus flared up twice before the WHO could declare the country clear of the virus again on 14 January. “We are now at a critical period in the Ebola epidemic as we move from managing cases and patients to managing the residual risk of new infections,” Bruce Aylward, special representative for the WHO's Ebola response, noted in the organization's press-released statement at the time.
There is a particular focus on the potential of sexual transmission of Ebola to cause occasional cases. After a first-known case of sexual transmission of the disease was confirmed in Liberia last October, Armand Sprecher, a public-health specialist with Médecins Sans Frontières (also known as Doctors without Borders) in Brussels, wrote in an editorial: “The challenge with sexual transmission is not that it would be a source of many new Ebola virus disease cases, but that it may be a source of late cases.”
Bitcoins are being accepting by more and more travel companies. (Photo: Thinkstock)
We haven't yet reached the point where you can seamlessly book an entire vacation using Bitcoin, but it is getting easier and easier for consumers to use the virtual currency to pay for various bits and pieces of their travel and even to keep track of their rewards points.
(Check out this FAQ on Bitcoin if you want to brush up on the currency)
Last month the online travel agency started accepting bitcoins to make reservations at more than 200,000 hotels around the world. Shortly afterward, CheapAir announced that their customers could also book their Amtrak train travel using Bitcoins.
For luxury hotels, back-end revenue management engine Revpar Guru has built an entire booking widget around Bitcoin in preparation of its adoption by globetrotters. Their tech platform not only allows for hotel payments at locations like D Casino Hotel and Golden Gate Hotel & Casino, but it allows international customers to deposit bitcoins into accounts that can be used for sundry items so that they never need to exchange currency.
View photos
A visualization of bitcoins (Photo: Thinkstock)
The rewards site PointsHound, which aggregates your points and miles when you book travel, is now offering Bitcoin as a reward redemption option.
This was all pretty small potatoes in the travel world until very recently. Traveling on Bitcoin's virtual dime got an added air of legitimacy last week when one of the major players in the travel market finally began accepting the currency. Expedia.com now accepts the virtual currency for payments for hotel rooms on their website.
“We're continually looking at ways consumers want to pay for their travel; Bitcoin is a great example of how Expedia is investing early in an array of payment options to give our customers and partners more choice in the ways they interact with us,” said Michael Gulmann, Vice President, Expedia Global Product.
View photos
(Photo: Jo Piazza)
Companies accepting Bitcoin typically contract a third-party payment processor to integrate a bitcoin support system into the customer experience and to mitigate their risks.
Expedia partnered with Coinbase as their third-party bitcoin payment processor.
The debut feature from Scottish actor Robert Carlyle, The Legend of Barney Thomson, has been named as the opening film at this year's Edinburgh film festival.
The darkly comic thriller stars Carlyle himself alongside Emma Thompson and Ray Winstone. It is based on Douglas Lindsay's book The Long Midnight of Barney Thomson, which has spawned a series of seven novels and four novellas, and centres on a socially awkward hairdresser who lives a life of humdrum mediocrity until he cheerfully embarks on a new career as a serial killer.
The demon barber's macabre new life is complicated when he discovers his mother (Thompson) has her own secret which leads to another bloody chain of events. Winstone will play the local police inspector attempting to uncover the crime of the century while battling with his own hilariously inept colleagues.
“After a career-long association with EIFF, it gives me enormous pleasure to have The Legend of Barney Thomson chosen as opening-night film,” said Carlyle. “It really is such an honour for me to have my first feature as director premiered here in Edinburgh at the festival that has played such a huge part in my life.”
Carlyle, 54, is best known for his turns in Trainspotting, Bond movie The World Is Not Enough, The Full Monty and 28 Weeks Later. Barney Thomson was shot on location in Glasgow and is the first festival opener to be picked by new Edinburgh artistic director Mark Adams. The film will have its world premiere at the Festival Theatre on 17 June.
Adams said: “We are thrilled to be opening this year's festival with Robert Carlyle's wonderful black comedy. It is a marvellously macabre and playful film, impressively directed and with a terrific cast. It is the perfect film to kick off what promises to be an exciting festival.”
Bioshock Infinite garnered a lot of criticism for the puerile excess of its core mechanic. Joe Köller examining the case.
It's not terribly surprising that a high-profile title like Bioshock Infinite splits opinions as Moses split the sea. At least, once the initial wave of enthusiasm subsided, seeing how unusual it still is for games to be inspired by art, history and art history over cheap action flicks or science fiction and fantasy novels. Oh, but then people start to notice the cracks in the facade of this brave new world and critical voices are raised.
But if the debate itself came as no surprise, then its tenor might have. Instead of obsessing over the game's weak attempt at metacommentary, critics focused on the themes Infinite marginalized: violence, racism, patriotism, evangelism. What has proven especially controversial is the question of why such an evidently clever game needed to be pressed into the FPS mold.
Let's rewind: It all began with Kirk Hamilton, Chris Plante and Michael Abbott (among many others), who opined that the amount of blood, gore and decapitations in Infinite is at odds with its heady narrative. Jim Sterling disagreed, arguing that Infinite was fundamentally about violence, its protagonist, Booker, being a man of violence who's simply practicing his craft. Jeff Kunzler went so far as to assume that the calls for more non-violent exploration were based on the desire to be allowed to leave the racist utopia Columbia intact.
These counterarguments misunderstand that the initial criticism was never about turning Infinite into some sort of pacifist flower simulation. Though the sheer amount of it is of some concern, this debate was never about there being violence, but there not being any thematic contemplation of the same. In Infinite, you shoot people. A lot of people. You shoot well-adjusted citizens and revolutionaries both, tear up faces with your skyhook and pop heads with your electric superpowers. Neither the dimension, nor the distribution of this bloodbath serves any sort of ulterior message, it is merely thrown in for the sake of our amusement.
Bioshock Infinite's fictitious account might seem positively harmless compared to the real atrocities committed during the era of racially-motivated violence it depicts, but choosing massacres as its main mechanic is not the way to do these historic extremes justice. As bizarre as it might sound, excessive violence is not the best way to portray excessive violence. Repetition does not make it more and more shocking and absurd, but more and more normal, banal. The narrative charge of blood and guts is quickly spent.
Images of suffering and death are more affecting the more personal and relatable they are. Consider Telltale's zombie epic The Walking Dead: Over the course of the game, protagonist Lee Everett does not only kill hordes of undead, but, depending on player input, might end the lives of some of the few remaining survivors as well. These scenes are memorable not for their frequency or complex mechanics, but the exact opposite. Because the proposed action is so simple and the characters so familiar, the decision to kill them becomes a damning sentence: You have murdered this person.
What's more concerning than the sheer, violent excess of Infinite's repetitive combat though, is the fact that it doesn't serve the narrative in any way. The fighting is a mechanic end unto itself, occupational therapy for Infinite's players, whose interest apparently needs to be held with regular doses of adrenalin. For a medium based on play, the desire to be entertaining as well as engaging is understandable, but it's harmful to consider it an inalienable necessity.
Infinite fails to connect gameplay and narrative in any meaningful ways. Instead of drawing its frontlines around the conflicting worldviews clashing in these skies, the game spreads its carnage equally across all factions. It discards political themes to focus entirely on Columbia's royal family and its disjointed quantum fairytale. In the end, Infinite is neither about violence, nor politics, or religion. It's about Booker DeWitt, the tragedy of a single man.
Such careless disregard for its setting is especially disappointing considering the series' history: While Columbia is reduced to mere set dressing for an interdimensional family feud, the failed, submarine utopia of Rapture was always the real star of the original Bioshock. The moment you arrive in the city, it's already in ruin. Why? Because the ideology it's based on – full deregulation, absolute personal freedom achieved at the cost of community – must inevitably fail. Players don't just passively observe these twisted ideals, but adapt to the broken system with plasmids, a means of buying power by sacrificing more and more of your own humanity.
This premise alone contains more salient political commentary than the entirety of Infinite, which actually portrays militant rebellion against a system of racist oppression and institutionalized violence as equally questionable as said system, and places DeWitt, as the avatar of our enlightened future morals, firmly above both. He gets to enjoy plasmid magic without any adverse effects, continues to grow in power regardless of the evolution, stagnation or regress of his own morals, and never gets in the embarrassing situation of having to clarify his own views on this uprising. Both sides consider him an enemy – sometimes for poorly constructed reasons – so he ends up standing neither for oppression nor for liberty.
It's hard to read this as anything other than a cowardly endorsement of centrism and political inertia, and even that requires you to ignore the fatalist implications of Infinite's multiverse mechanics, which stipulate that every possible version of this class struggle must exist in one of its many dimensions. Some of them have failed, are failing, will fail. Others were successful, are successful, will be successful.
Perhaps it's Bioshock Infinite's biggest quantum-mechanical stunt that the game is loaded with violence, and still has nothing to say on the matter. It bridges the gaps in its plot with gunfights to please the masses, but rather than using them for any narrative purpose, the story ends up having to justify their existence with a historical setting that remains largely unexplored and a protagonist whose violent past could have been established through less excessive means.
And so Bioshock managed to once again raise questions about the nature of our medium with Infinite, though I doubt they were the ones it intended to raise. Chief among the concerns: Why shooters? Why is shooting still the one, singular mechanic that even profound period pieces need to bow to? Why does every problem need to be examined from the barrel of a gun? Is there no other way, no better way?
It's not that the whole world suddenly decided to loathe action games, but the highly anticipated Bioshock Infinite offered the perfect example for discussing the disconcerting lack of alternative mechanics. The game promised the shrewd caricature of historical politics and the simultaneous meditation of their underlying themes. What did we end up with? Just another shooter. Such is the damning verdict of wasted potential.
Joe Köller is the current Editor-in-Chief of Haywire Magazine, German correspondent for Critical Distance, and irregular contributor to German sites such as Video Game Tourism, Superlevel, and WASD. You can follow him on Twitter, and support him on Patreon.
The German government has identified 62 dangerous Islamists that it wants to deport to their native countries but is having issues because many of them lack proper identification.
Germany has been having great difficulty deporting failed asylum seekers who come mainly from the North and West African regions despite many of them being convicted criminals. New revelations suggest that the deportation problem has extended even to known Islamists that the government sees as a threat.
Many Islamist suspects do not have the correct identification documents lack the proper paperwork for their countries of origin to take them back, Die Welt reports.
The 62 Islamists who have been classified by the police as “vulnerable” are part of a group of 224 identified Islamist supporters and potential terrorists. Police say that 80 of those Islamists are already in custody.
The police force and the domestic intelligence agency, known as the Office for the Protection of the Consitution, believe the suspects all have the potential and are likely to carry out terror operations in the country.
The Islamists have been identified by police in the wake of the Berlin terror attack last month which killed 12 and injured close to 50 others at a Christmas market near the centre of the city.
The attacker, Tunisian asylum seeker Anis Amri, had been known to police long before the attack and was supposed to have been deported, his return stalled by his lack of proper paperwork.
Amri was known by authorities to have had cconnections with Islamic State terror who claimed responsibility or the attack.
According to investigators, Amri had contact with at least 20 mosques across Germany, many of them adhering to the radical Salafist philosophy that Islamic State endorses.
One of the mosques he visited was the DIK Mosque in Hildesheim which authorities say has become a hotbed for Islamic State recruitment and Salafist teaching. Amri is said to have encouraged Salafist followers to stage their own attacks.
Responses to the lack of deportation have been mixed. Joachim Herrmann of the conservative Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) has demanded the arrest of Islamists who have no documents while others, like Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the Socialist party, have argued that Islamists could be tagged with ankle bracelets to allow authorities to keep tabs on their movements.
Many questions surrounding the background of the Berlin attack still remain unanswered. CSU politician Stephan Mayer said he could not understand why the left-wing Berlin city coalition government had not set up an investigation themselves. “Mistakes in the security authorities must be analysed, reprocessed, and consistently remedied,” he said.
The Berlin “red-red-green” government recently released a paper indicating they are more concerned with tackling right-wing extremism than Islamic terrorism and failed to acknowledge that left-wing extremism even existed.
A woman was allegedly sexually assaulted inside an SUV she mistakenly thought was an Uber vehicle, Toronto police say.
According to investigators, on Sunday at around 1:30 a.m., two women got into a physical altercation in the area of King Street West and Portland Street.
Following the fight, one of the women left the area while the second, a 19-year-old female, remained.
When two men in an SUV later pulled up, the 19-year-old got inside, mistaking it for an Uber vehicle. Police say the woman did not, in fact, order an Uber.
Once inside the SUV, police say the woman was sexually assaulted by one of the men.
The 19-year-old was dropped off in the area of Don Mills Road and Sheppard Avenue East.
Police are now searching for the vehicle involved in the incident, which has been described as a 2009 white Ford Escape with tinted windows, fog lights, and a licence plate that begins with the letter ‘C.'
The two males who were inside the vehicle at the time of the alleged assault are believed to be in their 20s.
Investigators have released a photo of a vehicle similar to the one sought in connection with the case and ask anyone who was in area at the time of the incident to contact police.
Our results demonstrate that external manipulations of oscillatory synchrony across a right-sided frontoparietal network impact neural activity and modify behavior. The effects depend on the relative phase of the external oscillators and also the underlying cognitive state at the time tACS is applied. In particular, we showed that imposing theta frequency synchronously across the inferior parietal lobe and middle frontal gyrus improves verbal WM performance and increases frontal and parietal brain activity. The functional connectivity of the inferior parietal lobe was also modulated by tACS in a phase dependent manner. Frontal interactions increased with synchronous theta stimulation whereas posterior interactions increased with desynchronous stimulation, suggesting that information flow through brain regions involved in WM can be differentially affected by varying the phase of external stimulation. Therefore, we provide a direct demonstration of the role of phase synchronization in cognitive demanding WM processes and we showed the neural correlates associated with this process.
It has been proposed that tACS interacts with ongoing oscillations and the resultant neural modulations spread along brain networks (Fröhlich and McCormick, 2010; Ali et al., 2013), with entrainment being more effective when the induced frequency matches the endogenous rhythm (Fröhlich and McCormick, 2010; Reato et al., 2010). This leads to the prediction that stimulation is highly dependent on the underlying network dynamics (Alagapan et al., 2016). Our imaging results for the 2-back and CRT tasks strongly support these notions and show how the physiological effect of external oscillatory manipulations are highly dependent on the underlying cognitive state. While synchronous and desynchronous stimulation produced distinct activity and connectivity patterns in the 2-back task, they resulted in similar changes of activity and no effects on connectivity for the CRT task. Compared to the CRT, the 2-back task is more demanding and engages the frontoparietal network more heavily, which is observed both in terms of increased BOLD activity and theta power (Payne and Kounios, 2009; Heinzel et al., 2014)
Our behavioral findings strongly suggest a causal link between theta phase coupling in the frontoparietal network and cognition. We replicate the observation that synchronous tACS applied across the frontoparietal networks improves WM performance (Polanía et al., 2012), and extend these results by showing that this cognitive enhancement is dependent on the demands of the cognitive task. Our observations that tACS had no effect on less demanding 1-back or CRT tasks suggests that the behavioral effects of entraining oscillations interacts with the extent that a network is already engaged by a cognitive task. Remarkably, synchronous tACS produced sufficient improvement in response times to make 2-back performance similar to the 1-back condition, which is typically associated with much faster responses.
Increased rhythmic synchrony across a network is thought to improve information processing by increasing network efficiency, an effect particularly important during demanding cognitive processing (Fries, 2005, 2009; Deco et al., 2011). For example, theta synchrony between frontal and parietal brain regions increases during complex manipulations of items held in WM (Sauseng et al., 2005). Importantly, our neuroimaging results show the neural correlates of this effect on network efficiency. Entraining synchronous activity across the right frontoparietal network was associated with increased activity within the inferior parietal lobe and middle frontal gyrus, regions known to play a key role in WM function. Activation in these regions increases with WM demands and its damage leads to impairments of WM (Curtis and D'Esposito, 2004; Berryhill and Olson, 2008; Fedorenko et al., 2013). In keeping with these findings, we show that increased activity within the right inferior parietal lobe correlated with faster responses during the 2-back, supporting a link between neural activity and the behavioral effects of tACS. This is in agreement with the critical role of this region during WM maintenance (Constantinidis and Steinmetz, 1996; Pessoa et al., 2002), and the observations that disrupting its activity through transcranial magnetic stimulation affects performance in both spatial and verbal WM tasks (Kessels et al., 2000; Mottaghy et al., 2003; Postle et al., 2006). Furthermore, during maintenance of items in WM the parietal cortex is positively associated with trial-by-trial performance and inter-individual differences in WM capacity (Todd and Marois, 2004; Xu and Chun, 2006). The fact that a relationship with response times was observed for the parietal but not the frontal region might be explained by the different roles attributed to parietal and frontal cortices in verbal WM. Evidence suggests that these regions have different contributions to phonological storage and executive control (Paulesu et al., 1993). Moreover, our results are congruent with findings from other studies showing correlations between BOLD activity or connectivity density and response times in similar verbal WM tasks (Honey et al., 2000; Tomasi et al., 2011; Liu et al., 2017). Thus, by increasing neural activity in the parietal region, tACS might have interacted with the physiological mechanisms associated with response production.
Importantly, the changes in BOLD we observed were not constrained to regions close to the stimulation sites. Rather a more general effect across salience, visuospatial and basal ganglia networks was seen, which are all regions involved in WM performance (Pessoa et al., 2002; Owen et al., 2005). Interestingly, the stimulant drug methylphenidate has been shown to enhance WM performance and increase parietal activity in a similar verbal N-back task (Tomasi et al., 2011), suggesting that cognitive enhancement produced pharmacologically or electrically may converge on similar neural mechanisms.
As the maintenance of information in WM relies on the coordination of distant brain regions, the effects of tACS on functional connectivity may inform the mechanisms by which oscillations modulate long-range connectivity. During synchronous stimulation, functional connectivity increased between the IPL-electrode region and frontal parts of the frontoparietal network, that is, DLPFC. Increased frontoparietal functional connectivity has previously been observed during WM processing (Fell and Axmacher, 2011), is associated with higher accuracy and faster RTs (Prado et al., 2011), and is linked to increased theta synchrony (Liebe et al., 2012). Our results extend these findings by showing how externally induced theta synchrony can increase frontoparietal interactions between the parietal cortex and DLPFC that are important for WM processing. This pattern was observed when the parietal region was used as a seed, but not for the frontal region. One possible explanation for this finding is that functional connectivity between the frontal and other brain regions was already operating at peak levels in the task periods without stimulation and could not be further modulated by tACS. A more intriguing possibility is that distinct frequency channels are responsible for carrying feedforward and feedback signalling. Such a distinction has been observed in the visual cortex, where feedforward influences are carried by theta and gamma band synchronization, while feedback influences by beta band synchronization (Bastos et al., 2015). In this framework, it is possible that tACS applied at the theta frequency would differentially enhance feedforward connectivity across the synchronized fronto-parietal network. Studies combining tACS with electrophysiological methods could help explore this hypothesis.
While synchronous stimulation resulted in increased functional connectivity between parietal and frontal areas, desynchronous tACS was associated with increased connectivity to occipital regions, which could suggest an increase in information exchange between higher- and low-level areas. The shift in parietal functional connectivity between frontal and posterior regions shows how altering phase synchrony might control long-range network interactions and so shape information flow. One interpretation of our findings is that high WM demands are normally associated with high levels of frontoparietal connectivity, and this can be enhanced by synchronous tACS applied across the network. Disrupting interactions across the network through desynchronous tACS increases parietal connections to the occipital lobe, perhaps as a result of the restoration of a ‘default' pattern of functional connectivity normally observed in the absence of high levels of top-down cognitive control. This idea is supported by the notion that phase relations among neuronal groups could contribute to selective routing of information and shape effective connectivity, an argument supported by computational models (Akam and Kullmann, 2014) and empirical evidence (Womelsdorf et al., 2007; Helfrich et al., 2014). Intracortical recordings show that altered phase relations between brain regions precede changes in neural activity, providing evidence that the influence of synchronizing activity across neuronal groups can be phase dependent (Womelsdorf et al., 2007). Converging evidence that this can be externally modulated is provided by the observation that in- and out-of-phase tACS applied in the gamma band modulates inter-hemispheric connectivity and shapes visual perception (Helfrich et al., 2014).
Our study has a number of limitations. First, there is unbalanced electric field distribution between the tACS conditions (see Figure 1—figure supplement 1), which is a consequence of using a common return electrode. Thus, when current was applied synchronously to the frontal and parietal electrodes the temporal return electrode received the sum of the applied currents to each electrode, while in the desynchronous condition the current in the return electrode is cancelled by the opposing phases of the frontal and parietal electrodes. Nevertheless, although synchronous and desynchronous tACS resulted in different current distributions in the brain, our results could not have been predicted by a current density model. Modulations of brain activity and connectivity were predominantly restricted to areas involved in task performance and no effects were observed in the cortical area underneath the temporal return electrode. These results further demonstrate that the effects of brain stimulation cannot be determined without taking into account the underlying brain dynamics (Reato et al., 2013) and provide additional support for the critical neural state-dependency of tACS (Feurra et al., 2013; Ruhnau et al., 2016). Second, the area of stimulation was relatively large and potentially affected subregions with complex functional architecture and diverse effects on WM processing. Future work will need to use high-density multi-channel stimulators to improve the focality of the cortical effect of tACS. Third, the optimal frequency and phase is likely to suffer from inter-individual variability. However, the parameter space of possible stimulation regimes is very large and it is likely that other combinations of tACS parameters (that is, frequency, phase, intensity, etc.) will produce greater effects on cognition. The key to unlocking the potential of this technique for clinical use will be to understand the neural mechanisms governing the cognitive effects of the stimulation. Machine-learning techniques combined with real-time imaging could help select the ideal combination of parameters to induce the desired modulation of brain activity/connectivity in a subject-specific manner (Lorenz et al., 2016). Finally, while our fMRI approach benefited from good spatial resolution in the absence of complex electrical artifacts, we are not able to specify which brain frequencies were modulated by our intervention, as the correspondence between brain oscillations and BOLD signal is not fully understood (Scheeringa et al., 2011) and tACS might induce cross-frequency coupling (Reato et al., 2010).
Other studies have shown that additional forms of non-invasive transcranial electrical stimulation (tES), particularly transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) modulate WM performance. The majority of these studies targeted the DLPFC and recent meta-analyses have indicated small but significant effects of tDCS on WM (Brunoni and Vanderhasselt, 2014; Hill et al., 2016; Mancuso et al., 2016). Broadly, these findings and ours show that tES is capable of modulating the neural processes associated with WM. But are tDCS and tACS acting through similar mechanisms? Although tDCS uses direct instead of an oscillatory current to modulate cortical excitability, anodal tDCS applied to the DLPFC increased oscillatory brain activity in alpha and theta frequency bands in occipito-parietal regions during a verbal WM task (Zaehle et al., 2011). This indicates that the local changes in neuronal excitability induced by tDCS produced interactive effects that resulted in the modulation of oscillatory activity in distant cortical regions. Although this shows that tDCS interacts with the neural mechanisms associated with WM, future studies should carefully consider the biological processes they aim to target, as different tES modalities impact brain excitability to different degrees (Inukai et al., 2016). Furthermore, a recent study elegantly demonstrated that WM performance is very sensitive to the external stimulation parameters (Alekseichuk et al., 2016). A study comparing different tES modalities could help answer this question. Such a study would benefit from applying a similar methodology to the one we employed, in which blocks of short durations of different tES modalities could be combined with fMRI.
Overall, our findings indicate a direct link between behavioral performance in a demanding working-memory task and large-scale brain synchronization across a right frontoparietal network activated by the task. We showed how manipulations of tACS phase modulate the underlying brain activity and that tACS can influence long-range connectivity in a phase- and brain state- dependent manner. More generally, our work shows the potential of performing simultaneous tACS-fMRI to understand the neural mechanisms underlying externally induced oscillatory synchronization.
148.5k SHARES THIS STORY
President-elect Donald Trump's most notable campaign promise was that he would construct a “big beautiful” border wall, and that he would make Mexico pay for it. “I would build a great wall. And nobody builds walls better than me, believe me. And I'll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great great wall on our southern border and I'll have Mexico pay for that wall” he said famously.
But like most of his campaign promises, it turns out that Trump was lying through his teeth. CNN reports that Donald Trump's transition team is planning to use the federal appropriations process to pay for the wall.
The Trump team argues it will have the authority through a Bush-era 2006 law to build the wall, lawmakers say, but it lacks the money to do so. Transition officials have told House GOP leaders in private meetings they'd like to pay for the wall in the funding bill, a senior House GOP source said.
So you and I are going to be paying for the wall. House Republicans seem to be excited about the prospect. Rep. Luke Messers (R-IN) admits that it's “big dollars, but it's a question of priorities.”
An MIT study projects that Trump's border wall will cost somewhere around $38 billion dollars. Hypocrite Republicans complain endlessly about how we can't afford to spend money taking care of our retired seniors and impoverished children, but are freely willing to blow billions of dollars on a useless wall that will ultimately do little to stop immigration into the United States.
It will be interesting to see how the deplorables react to this little piece of news.
Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here.
Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President's crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
ROCKFORD, Ohio — A senior at a high school in Ohio took his 89-year-old great grandmother to her first-ever prom this past weekend.
Austin Dennison, a 19-year-old senior at Parkway High School in Rockford, Ohio, asked “Granny DD” to be his date after he learned she never went to prom when she was a teenager, according to the Times Bulletin.
“He said, ‘Grandma, I want you to go to the prom with me',” observed Delores Dennison. “I had a bad heart attack and stroke. ‘I'm not that good on my feet,' I told him. Finally I said that if I was able to go at that time, I would.”
“He said again, ‘Grandma, I want you',” Dennison told the Times Bulletin.
Her grandson's “promposal” was the first time she had ever been invited to a prom.
Dennison said that the idea to take his great grandmother to the prom was sown by government teacher Lucas Minnich.
“Mr. Minnich told me that his older brother had taken his grandma to the prom,” said Dennison. “I've been blessed with grandparents and great grandparents that know as much as they do,” continued Dennison. “They have so many stories to tell. All I have to do is ask.”
Read more: Times Bulletin
Here are some other pages you may be interested in:
Medical Malpractice
As Canadians, we take tremendous pride in our healthcare system. Unfortunately, in an overburdened medical system, mistakes are made which can result in severe injuries or even death. If you or a family member has suffered as a result of inadequate medical care, you may be entitled to compensation.
At Oatley Vigmond, we understand that the best recovery outcomes require more than standard legal representation. Most medical malpractice cases take an average of two years to reach their conclusion, which is two years too long for victims to be left unsupported. Our firm provides immediate care to accommodate the needs of our clients, and maintains ongoing support through every day of their recovery. We will be there for you from your first call to our final contact, ready to assist you in any way possible.
Call 1-888-662-2481 or use our contact form to book your free consultation:
Your request has been sent successfully! Error!
Experience – Oatley Vigmond's Greatest Asset
Our medical malpractice lawyers have helped thousands of Canadians who needed representation after receiving negligent medical care. Over the past 40 years, we have fought for some of Canada's largest verdicts and settlements, and can help you get the compensation you deserve.
Risk-Free Representation – Oatley Vigmond's Promise
We offer free consultations and promise to waive all legal fees in the case of an unsuccessful claim. Oatley Vigmond gives medical malpractice victims the help they need to achieve lifelong financial stability without putting them at risk in the event of an unsuccessful claim.
Transparency – Understanding Our Approach to Medical Malpractice
Medical malpractice can take many forms, including:
Failure to diagnose
Failure to properly treat
Failure to treat promptly
Failure to advise of risk
Failure to order the proper tests
Failure to prioritize treatment in emergency room
The area of medical malpractice is exceptionally complicated. Hospitals and health care professionals have a reputation of defending any lawsuits against them fiercely with well-funded and highly skilled lawyers. Consequently, it is very important that you contact a medical malpractice lawyer with the academic and experiential knowledge needed to navigate this complex process.
The personal injury lawyers at Oatley Vigmond have extensive experience in medical malpractice litigation. We have the resources needed to investigate potential medical malpractice claims, and can get you the compensation you deserve.
As a reputable member of Ontario's personal injury alliance, Oatley Vigmond is standing by to help victims anywhere in the province. Contact our medical malpractice lawyers for representation in Barrie, Toronto, and elsewhere in Ontario. We offer absolutely free legal consultations, and you do not pay until we win your case.
Medical errors occur every day and often the injuries and damages caused by those errors can significantly affect your life in a negative way. Medical malpractice is categorized as negligence on the part of your doctor or health care professional by act or omission, and can result in severe injuries or even death.
Not all accidents and bad outcomes are the result of medical malpractice. However, if you suspect that a health care professional involved in your care has made a mistake, it is important that you speak with a lawyer as soon as possible.
In Ontario, you can seek compensation for medical malpractice and sue for damages. The law also allows the family members of a person who has died to sue for damages.
There are many law firms that claim they can help you to follow medical malpractice. The Oatley Vigmond approach is what sets us apart. Many of our lawyers are certified as Litigation Specialists by the Law Society of Upper Canada; the only body that governs Ontario's lawyers ensuring that the people of Ontario are served by lawyers who meet high standards of learning, competence and professional conduct. Our experienced personal injury lawyers help pursue compensation and address the long-term needs of the injured person and his or her family.
In Canada, most doctors are covered by a specialized medical defence organization called the Canadian Medical Protective Association. The CMPA defends doctors who are alleged to have been negligent in caring for a patient. Lawyers who specialize in medical malpractice are familiar with the CMPA and the evidence required in order to be successful in developing a claim.
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN VERDICTS AND SETTLEMENTS FOR OUR CLIENTS
Operating according to the highest standards for ethical conduct, professionalism, civility, and collegiality, our medical malpractice lawyers have secured some of the largest verdicts and settlements in Canadian history. We can help you achieve the best possible outcome with your litigation and recovery. Our team of multidisciplinary experts has produced the following results:
$10-million awarded to a young man who suffered severe brain damage as a result of the hospital's failure to properly treat him after being admitted for a blow to the head. The nurse on duty failed to recognize the urgency of the man's symptoms, resulting in him being left unattended while his brain bled. The young man's condition deteriorated rapidly. He would suffer severe brain damage that left him unable to move his limbs, talk, or care for himself independently. He now lives at home where he is well cared for.
to a young man who suffered severe brain damage as a result of the hospital's failure to properly treat him after being admitted for a blow to the head. The nurse on duty failed to recognize the urgency of the man's symptoms, resulting in him being left unattended while his brain bled. The young man's condition deteriorated rapidly. He would suffer severe brain damage that left him unable to move his limbs, talk, or care for himself independently. He now lives at home where he is well cared for. $5.5-million awarded to a construction worker who suffered serious cognitive impairment after receiving an overdose of medication in the hospital. Our client had suffered a traumatic brain injury after his pick-up truck rolled on a rural highway. While being overseen in the hospital's intensive care unit, our client received an overdose that caused his heart to stop. This caused dementia and cognitive damage that left him in need of ongoing care treatments to support his quality of life. Litigation targeted the driver of the pick-up truck, the bar where he had been drinking, the hospital where the overdose occurred, and the accident benefits insurer to secure adequate compensation our client.
to a construction worker who suffered serious cognitive impairment after receiving an overdose of medication in the hospital. Our client had suffered a traumatic brain injury after his pick-up truck rolled on a rural highway. While being overseen in the hospital's intensive care unit, our client received an overdose that caused his heart to stop. This caused dementia and cognitive damage that left him in need of ongoing care treatments to support his quality of life. Litigation targeted the driver of the pick-up truck, the bar where he had been drinking, the hospital where the overdose occurred, and the accident benefits insurer to secure adequate compensation our client. $443,000 settlement awarded to the family of an 11-year old girl who suffered life-threatening infections after the hospital neglected to treat a compound fracture properly. After breaking her arm falling from the edge of an above-ground pool, the young woman grabbed her wrist and straightened the arm out herself. After arriving at the hospital, neither the doctor nor the orthopaedic surgeon considered the risk of infection posed by the compound fracture. The hospital staff failed to properly clean the area where the bone pierced the skin, and the subsequent infection required 12 surgeries over the next 3 years. The girl was left with functional impairment, pain, and scarring, but her quality of life was secured with the settlement we earned prior to the trial.
People Come First – Oatley Vigmond's Mandate
Our Oatley Vigmond team is passionate about the well-being of our clients. This is demonstrated by our policy of no-charge consultations and no legal costs unless your traumatic brain injury case is successful.
Most victims of medical malpractice required extended periods of hospitalization, and may be rendered incapable of returning to work. Paying for rehabilitation and intensive care is hard enough; having to plan financially for a life without employment income can be overwhelming.
We help our clients achieve financial security so that they can look past these stressors and focus on their recovery. Medical malpractice survivors who choose the Oatley Vigmond team have consistently obtained settlements that help them achieve stability and normalcy.
If you require the services of a medical malpractice lawyer, then do not delay – call toll free at 1-888-662-2481 or visit our contact page to learn more about how Oatley Vigmond can help.
Washington, D.C. is a place where delusions go to thrive. That explains why Congress and the president are now agreed on remedies that will not work, expending money they do not have, to fix a problem that may not exist.
The alleged problem is a recession. From the sounds of panic, you would assume we are already in a deep downturn. In fact, that does not appear to be the case, and many economists doubt we will have a recession (defined as two consecutive quarters in which total economic activity declines) at all.
The Congressional Budget Office, for example, predicts the economy will grow by 1.7 percent this year. A couple of weeks ago, The Wall Street Journal surveyed 54 economic forecasters, who on average put the chance of a recession at 42 percent and expected growth to approach 2 percent in the first half of this year.
Steven Wieting, an economist at Citigroup, predicts growth of 1.2 percent. But like our elected officials, he sees no point in getting hung up on technicalities. "Academic definitions aside, we'll call that a recession," he writes in a new report. We can call it a recession or we can call it a wirehair terrier, but that won't change what it actually is: an expansion, albeit a modest one.
Notwithstanding that, President Bush and House leaders have agreed to pelt the economy with $150 billion in rebates and business tax incentives to rouse it from its lethargy. The idea behind the rebates is that consumers will use the cash to buy goods and services, keeping companies and workers busy supplying them. Business tax incentives are supposed to goose investment in plants and machinery. The two sides are agreed, in the mantra of the week, that these measures will be "timely, temporary and targeted."
In their dreams. Timeliness, in this case, is not unlikely—it's impossible. The Internal Revenue Service, it seems, is fully occupied at the moment sending out tax forms and processing returns, and will be for a while. So even if the program zips through the Senate, the checks probably won't go out until June and won't all reach the beneficiaries until August. The money itself will take months to be spent, if it gets spent at all -- postponing the intended boost until next football season.
If a recession is already underway today, it could very well be over by then. This is the equivalent of a doctor telling a patient that she may have pneumonia and promising to put her on antibiotics—in October.
Targeted? Sure, if you define the target as the broadside of a barn. The Treasury checks would go to 117 million families, or three out of every four families in America. Couples with incomes all the way up to $174,000 would be included.
The business provisions, which let companies write off investments faster than usual, are equally indiscriminate. The purpose is to spur purchases that otherwise wouldn't be made. But as Brookings Institution economist Douglas Elmendorf told me, the break will apply to other investments as well.
"It's safe to say that more than 90 percent of the lost business tax revenue will simply subsidize investment that would have occurred anyway," he says. Even by Washington standards, a bill that squanders nine out of every 10 dollars is not a model of efficiency.
Temporary? The rebates and business breaks may vanish like leaves in autumn, but the fiscal consequences will endure. This year's federal budget deficit was already expected to hit $250 billion, according to the CBO, and the stimulus would pile on another $150 billion. So taxpayers, current and future, will have to shoulder more each year to finance the federal debt—interest on which already swallows up 10 percent of federal revenues.
So, contrary to its billing, the package is likely to be tardy and scattershot, with a lingering, bitter aftertaste. Even if it could be implemented perfectly, though, it might still be a futile endeavor. Alan Auerbach, an economist at the University of California, Berkeley, looked at past fiscal policy initiatives and found "little evidence that these effects have provided a significant contribution to economic stabilization, if in fact they have worked in the right direction at all."
In other words, we may spend a lot of money to accomplish nothing. Note to our leaders: We can do that for free.
COPYRIGHT 2008 CREATORS SYNDICATE, INC.
Shipping
All non custom items will be shipped within 5 business days, barring postal holidays, natural disasters or other unforeseen delays. If there is a delay, we will contact you ASAP. Generally most non custom shipments will ship out within 1 to 2 business days.
If your order is a gift that is going to be sent directly to the recipient, we can include a personal message card from you for no extra charge. If you would like this service please let me know what you would like to say in the "Note to YinsThings" during checkout. .
On all international orders - Any duties, taxes, tariffs or other fees are the responsibility of the buyer. Seller is not responsible for delays related to Customs.
Please understand it is against the law for us to declare your purchase as a gift or to under declare value, do not ask us to do either. If you refuse your package to avoid the taxes YOU WILL NOT BE REFUNDED even if the item is returned.
Kayaker reports leaking gas line in Raritan River
Muckgers Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 18, 2013
On November 16, an underwater pipe carrying natural gas began leaking into the Raritan River. In the amateur video above, water south of the railroad bridge can be seen bubbling and an underwater view shows the source is a pipe under the river. The kayaker that shot this video reported it to the New Brunswick Fire Department who referred it PSE&G.
Kristine Lloyd, of PSE&G's Media Relations department, said in an email statement that the leak poses no threat to the public or environment and is currently under investigation with plans to repair it in development.
New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection's Lawrence Hajna stated the N.J. DEP would not be involved unless there were impacts to air or water quality.
New Brunswick city Mayor Jim Cahill's office directed all inquiries to PSE&G. Representatives from the borough of Highland Park had not responded to a voicemail at the time of publishing.
This is a developing story. Check back soon for updates.
Sometimes midseason moves and late additions to rosters smack of desperation and the urge for a team to do something, anything.
But there are those occasions when they make their presence felt.
A trade deadline deal sent sweet shooting Lou Williams from the lowly Lakers to a Houston team trying to crack the upper echelon of contenders and wasted no time making an impact, nailing 7-for-11 behind the 3-point line in his first game with the Rockets. He's shooting 21-for-42 and averaging 24 points per game as the Rockets enter Wednesday night's game at L.A. against the Clippers (10:30 ET, ESPN). The former Sixth Man of the Year joins this season's likely leader for the award, Eric Gordon, to make a Rockets team that was already difficult to guard more potent.
The Cavaliers are now stirring Deron Williams and Andrew Bogut into the mix of the defending champions after being cut loose in Dallas and Philadelphia.
Will the additions have an impact? A look back shows seven top players that definitely made a difference:
Sarawak Chief Minister Tan Sri Adenan Satem said today that the state government will table a motion at the State Legislative Assembly sitting next month on reclaiming Sarawak's rights. ― file picture
BINTULU, Oct 23 ― Sarawak Chief Minister Tan Sri Adenan Satem said today that the state government will table a motion at the State Legislative Assembly sitting next month on reclaiming Sarawak's rights.
Adenan said the motion would specifically focus on the need for the federal government to observe Sarawak rights as enshrined in the Malaysia Agreement 1963 (MA63), The Inter-Government Committee Report (IGC) 1963 and the Cobbold Commission Report 1962.
“The motion will be tabled by one of the (state) ministers,” he told reporters after opening Parti Rakyat Sarawak's (PRS) 4th Triennial Delegates Conference (TDC) here today.
The State Legislative Assembly sitting will be from Nov 21 to 30.
Sabah, Sarawak, Singapore and Malaya formed the Federation of Malaysia in 1963. Singapore left the federation in 1965.
On other matters, Adenan announced that the state government was looking into building coastal highways to accelerate growth in coastal areas in the state.
He said Sarawak Deputy Chief Minister and Infrastructure Development and Transportation Minister Tan Sri Dr James Jemut Masing and Sarawak Second Finance Minister Datuk Seri Wong Soon Koh had been handed the task to study the matter.
On the request to increase the intake of Dayak in the state civil service, he said State Secretary Tan Sri Mohammad Morshidi Abdul Ghani had been instructed to look into the matters.
As for the request to include more Dayak contractors in the Pan Borneo Highway project, he said that he was all for this and promised to assist them.
“But I warn you (Dayak contractors) do not be “Ali Baba” (rent seekers) after getting the projects,” he added. ― Bernama
Bonny Doon's Le Cigare Volant (the Flying Cigar) named after the 1954 law in the Châteauneuf-du-Pape AOC prohibiting flying saucers from traveling over the region's vineyards.
Bonny Doon Vineyard is a winery in Santa Cruz, California, that focuses on terroir wines. Founded by Randall Grahm in 1983, it is perhaps best known for its quirky labels, eccentric mix of grapes, and humorously-named wines—like its flagship wine, "Le Cigare Volant".[1][2] It was amongst the first Californian wineries to embrace Rhone varietals, and entered the national spotlight in 1989, after Grahm appeared on the cover of Wine Spectator as "The Rhone Ranger."[3]
The winery achieved large-scale commercial success with brands like Big House Red and Cardinal Zin, before "doon-sizing" its portfolio in 2006 to refocus its efforts on terroir wines and biodynamic practice.[4] Bonny Doon Vineyard continues to be known for its unique label artwork, sourcing designs from artists like Chuck House, Grady McFerrin, Ralph Steadman and Gary Taxali. It was among the first premium winemakers to adopt screw caps for its wines in 2001, and in 2008 pioneered the use of transparent ingredient labeling on all of its wines.[5]
History [ edit ]
According to Randall Grahm, Bonny Doon Vineyard began as "a foolish attempt to replicate Burgundy in California,"[6] but after difficulty creating the "Great American Pinot Noir," he realized that Rhône wine varieties would be better suited to the Central Coast climate than Pinot Noir grapes. Grahm began experimenting with Rhone grapes and blended wines, and in 1986, Bonny Doon Vineyard released its inaugural vintage (1984) of Le Cigare Volant, an homage to Châteauneuf-du-Pape, a wine that would become the winery's flagship label.[6]
After the vines in its own vineyard were destroyed by Pierce's disease in 1994, Bonny Doon supported its wine production by purchasing grapes from other California vineyards, as well as vineyards in Oregon (including Bethel Heights Vineyard)[7] and Europe. The winery grew significantly in this period with its popular Cardinal Zin, Big House and Pacific Rim labels, reaching peak production in 2006, after selling more than 450,000 cases of wine.[2]
The winery has changed focus in recent years from "every day table wines to high-end, boutique vintages".[1] In 2006 it sold off its Big House and Cardinal Zin labels, and in 2010 its Pacific Rim brand.[8] Reflecting on the decision in an interview with The New York Times, Randall said “My wines were O.K., but was I really doing anything distinctive or special? The world doesn't need these wines — I was writing and talking about terroir but I wasn't doing what I was saying. I wanted to be congruent with myself.”[2]
As part of his shift in focus, he acquired a 280-acre property in San Juan Bautista in 2009, "Popelouchum," which currently serves as Bonny Doon's estate vineyard. In addition to using the property to grow terroir wines, Grahm plans to use the property to hybridize vitis vinifera grapes that he hopes will be able to withstand extreme drought and "possibly outsmart climate change."[9]
In 2008, as part of the winery's change in strategy, it sold its old tasting room in Bonny Doon, and relocated to Santa Cruz.[1] It currently has its administrative offices and wine cellar in Santa Cruz, and tasting room on Hwy 1 in Davenport, CA.
Philosophy [ edit ]
Popelouchum, the Estate Vineyard in San Juan Bautista.
Grahm, a long-time promoter of "terroir", writes on Bonny Doon's website that he "lives for the possibility of one day creating a wine that is also a reflection of the place from whence it derives."[10] Reflecting on the abandonment of his larger brands and criticizing the negociant-model of winery production that is dominant in the industry, he told The New York Times in an April 2009 interview, "You have to put your money where your mouth is. Purchased grapes are less risky, but you're never going to make a vin de terroir."[2]
As part of Grahm's vision to "make a wine with the softest possible hand,"[11] he has been a strong proponent of biodynamic viticulture since he began adopting its practice in 2003. "Wines" he argues, "must be translations of the vineyard's own vitality," and by focusing on soil health—"the real cornerstone of vitality in wines"—he can "avoid excessive manipulation," and make wines that "can be said to be “acoustic,” or “uninflected.”"[11]
Earlier this year we featured the /r/ProWordPress subreddit on a post exploring various WordPress watering holes. If you're not familiar with subreddits, they are essentially focused topics where where registered users can vote article submissions “up” or “down.” Subscribing to a subreddit allows you to hone in on specific topics where you have an interest.
/r/ProWordPress was started by Brad Williams, CEO of WebDevStudios and author of Professional WordPress Plugin Development. As a developer, Williams has a strong interest in exploring more technical topics surrounding WordPress. The group recently passed 1,000 subscribers (currently at 1,027 readers) and continues to grow.
“I started the r/ProWordPress subreddit to focus on more advanced WordPress topics,” Williams told the Tavern. “r/WordPress is great but will always have more beginner users, so it's hard for the more advanced topics to surface. r/ProWordPress is a smaller, more focused subreddit with a focus on advanced WP topics.”
As the subreddit has grown, r/ProWordPress has become one of William's main sources of news on WordPress development. More subscribers translates into a wider reach of advanced topics as well as more voting users to curate the quality of articles that float to the top. Williams has the ability to moderate the topics submitted but reports that, unless you have a highly active subreddit, very little work is required.
With WordPress now powering more than 23% of all websites online, the community surrounding the software is growing at breakneck speed. People are working with WordPress every day, building businesses on top of it, and are seeking out places online to learn from each other. Matt Mullenweg recently jumped in on the Advanced WordPress group on Facebook, which has accrued more than 9,000 members. This group explores a wide range of WordPress-related topics but may not appeal to everyone.
While some WordPress users enjoy interacting on Facebook, others are taking to forums such as WP Chat. Different kinds of groups are popping up, reflecting the various interaction styles that WordPress community members use to connect.
“WordPress has such a large user base that it's hard to have a one size fits all area for all topics,” Williams said. In his corner of the internet, he hopes that /r/ProWordPress will continue to be a nice place to share and read about more advanced topics. In some ways Reddit combines the best aspects of both Twitter and forums, in that you can share articles, vote, and comment to enter into discussions with other members. If advanced WordPress development falls within your wheelhouse, make sure to drop by the /r/ProWordPress subreddit and subscribe to new topics.
Like this: Like Loading...
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) had a plan: win a second term, take advantage of a good year for Republicans, and soon after prepare for a national campaign. The plan is looking a little shaky right now, with polls show him in the midst of a very competitive re-election campaign against Democratic businesswoman Mary Burke.
A month ago, the Republican incumbent and his allies tried moving to the left , blasting Burke as an “outsourcing one-percenter.”
That didn't do much to improve Walker's standing, so the governor is now moving back to the right , promising big tax cuts and drug testing for those receiving public aid in a second term.
With less than two months to go in a tight re-election race, the Republican governor put forward a 62-page plan that sums up the actions of his first term, defends them against the critique of his Democratic rival, former Trek Bicycle executive Mary Burke, and offers several new proposals. “It's our next wave of the Wisconsin comeback. It's our plan to make sure that everyone who wants a job can find a job,” Walker said in a telephone interview.
As a rule, when an incumbent is still scrambling seven weeks before Election Day, looking for a platform while struggling to defend his record, it's not a good sign.
Walker, referencing a one-page summary of his agenda, told the AP , “That's our plan of action for the next four years. Tear it off. Hang it up. Put it next to your computer. Put it on your fridge.”
Part of the trouble is, Walker used similar rhetoric four years ago, when he promised Wisconsin he'd create 250,000 private sector jobs by the end of his first term – and said he should be judged according to that standard. Nearly four years later, the governor is less than halfway to his goal, and has yet to explain why he couldn't keep his highest-profile promise.
But even putting that aside, the two key tenets of the Republican's new agenda – tax cuts and drug testing – probably polled well, but they each come with one big flaw.
On the former, Walker already cut taxes in his first term, and it's caused a mess for Wisconsin's state finances. The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel editorialized last week:
Wisconsin's state budget may be out of balance by nearly $1.8 billion when the new two-year cycle begins next July, and for that you can thank Gov. Scott Walker's fiscal policies. While the expected shortfall may end up being smaller – or larger – than it appears to be now, it's clear that a combination of Walker policies and lagging growth in tax revenue blew a hole in the state's finances.
The governor, facing this reality, is calling for more tax breaks. Perfect.
But the latter is arguably even more offensive. The plan would require “drug testing at an undisclosed cost for able-bodied adults receiving unemployment insurance payments or benefits under FoodShare, the successor to the food stamps program.” It's part of a political phenomenon we discussed earlier this year: conservative policymakers keep targeting welfare recipients with drug tests, and the policies keep failing rather spectacularly.
We know exactly what drives these efforts. For many, especially on the right, it makes sense to assume those who are struggling are to blame for their plight. If you're relying on TANF aid to help your family keep its head above water, maybe there's something wrong with your lifestyle. Maybe the state should assume you have a drug problem.
But recent real-world evidence points in a different direction. Requiring those who are relying on the safety net to give the government their bodily fluids in exchange for benefits is not only legally dubious; it's also ineffective and a waste of money.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Police in El Monte were asking for the public's help Friday in identifying a man who grabbed a 10-year-old girl on her way to school and sexually assaulted her.
The girl was approached by the man around 7:15 a.m. Friday as she walked alone near the corner of Tyler Avenue and Dodson Street, according to a news release from the El Monte Police Department.
The man tried to engage the girl in conversation, speaking only Spanish, the release stated.
When the girl tried to walk away, the man grabbed her from behind and hugged her while fondling her breast area over her clothing, according to police.
A school bus arrived and scared the attacker away. He fled in a silver four-door compact car, possibly a Toyota Corolla, the release stated.
The attacker was described as a Hispanic man in his 50s, standing 5 foot 7 inches tall with salt-and-pepper hair and pockmarks on his face.
Extra police patrols were ordered for all area schools, the release stated.
Anyone with information was asked to contact the El Monte Police Department at 626-580-2114. Any additional information may also be submitted via email at tips@empd.org.
Getty Images
Two years ago, receiver Greg Childs emerged from Arkansas as a promising fifth-round draft pick of the Vikings. In August of his rookie year, however, Childs tore the patellar tendons in each of his knees.
Earlier this year, the Vikings decided to move on from Childs, who never played for the team in a preseason or regular-season game.
Childs will be among 27 players who will participate this weekend in the Jaguars' minicamp on a tryout basis. Also getting a look-see will be former Buccaneers defensive tackle Brian Price, the 35th overall pick in the 2010 draft. Price has been out of football for two seasons. Ditto for former Texans offensive lineman Antoine Caldwell, a third-round pick in 2009 who appeared in 39 games during four seasons with Houston. He hasn't played since 2012.
The others (am I really going to type the names of 24 guys who never were and still aren't NFL players?) are: Cincinnati defensive end Marques Aiken, Alabama State linebacker Leland Baker, Ohio running back Beau Blankenship, Youngstown State tackle Kyle Bryant, Coastal Carolina guard/tackle Jamey Cheatwood, East Carolina guard Jordan Davis, South Florida fullback Ryan Epps, Northern Illinois cornerback Sean Evans, West Virginia linebacker Dozie Ezemma, UNLV defensive end Mark Garrick, Nebraska defensive back Andrew Green, Winston Salem-State safety Jerome Junior, Central Florida safety Sean Maag, Troy defensive back Chris Pickett, Missouri cornerback Randy Ponder, Akron defensive end Albert Presley, Rice guard/center Nate Richards, Florida Atlanta defensive tackle Kayvon Sherrill, Clemson linebacker Spencer Shuey, Valdosta State cornerback Dominique Wheeler, Syracuse safety Jeremi Wilkes, Connective defensive end Tim Willman, and Nevada receiver Brandon Wimberly.
The minicamp opens Friday and lasts until Saturday. For most if not all of the guys listed above, that will be the extent of their time with the Jaguars.
If you enjoy what you've read here at Whatever a Spider Can, we've got some exciting news for you — you can be part of the team here too!
We're looking to add several staff writers right now to make our coverage of all things Spider-Man even more extensive. These unpaid positions require only five posts a month (though more are certainly welcome!) and offer great opportunities to get your foot in the door of pop culture blogging and journalism while writing about any part of the Spider-Man fan experience your heart desires. Your words will be read by our constantly growing audience on this site and throughout the FanSided network and give you the chance to connect with like-minded fans everywhere.
Some blogging or online writing experience is great, but if you have the passion for Spider-Man and the commitment, we're willing to work with you even if you've never done anything like this before. Applying is simple – just fill in the form you'll find here and tell us why you want to write for Whatever a Spider Can. We look forward to hearing from you!
by Judith Curry
“Arctic temperature anomalies in the 1930s were apparently as large as those in the 1990s and 2000s. There is still considerable discussion of the ultimate causes of the warm temperature anomalies that occurred in the Arctic in the 1920s and 1930s.” – IPCC AR5 Chapter 10
Readers of CE were introduced to the early 20th century Arctic warming in a post Mid 20th Century Global(?) Warming, with this figure from Polyakov et al 2003) shows a time series of surface land temperature in the Arctic from 1875-2000. The numbers above the abscissa show the number of stations used in the compilation. The graph shows a gradually rising surface temperature trend over the 105 years of the temperature record but the dominant feature is the nearly 2C (trough to ridge) warming from about 1920 to 1940, followed by a decline bottoming out in the mid-1960s. At that stage the temperature trends upward to almost the same level as the previous peak.
A subsequent post by Tony Brown entitled Historic variations in Arctic sea ice Part II: 1920-1950 provided anecdotal historical evidence of Arctic warmth during this period.
This early century Arctic warming has long fascinated me, and I have been collecting material for a new post on this topic.
Tamino
The particular impetus for posting on this topic at this time was a recent post by Tamino in response to my recent Senate testimony entitled (One of) the Problem(s) with Judith Curry. Tamino objects specifically to this text in my testimony:
Further, Arctic surface temperature anomalies in the 1930's were as large as the recent temperature anomalies. Notwithstanding the simulations by climate models that reproduce the decline in Arctic sea ice, more convincing arguments regarding causes of sea ice variations requires understanding and ability to simulate sea ice variations in both hemispheres.
A key issue in understanding the recent decline in Arctic sea ice extent is to understand to what extent the decline is caused by anthropogenic warming versus natural climate variability.
Read Tamino's post for his arguments. He concludes:
I think the IPCC goofed on this one — big-time — and if so, then Curry's essential argument about Arctic sea ice is out the window.
I've studied the data. Not only does it fail to support the claim about 1930s Arctic temperatures, it actually contradicts that claim. By a wide margin. It ain't even close.
What's not hyperbole is how it looks to me: that Judith Curry cannot have studied the available data to draw that conclusion because the available data contradict it, that Judith Curry cannot have studied the supporting references because they don't support it, and that if she believes it “because the IPCC report says so” then it's obvious she'll take the IPCC report's word for what she wants to believe but not for what she doesn't want to believe.
IPCC
Here is what the IPCC AR4 had to say about the early 20th century warming in the Arctic:
A slightly longer warm period [compared to the present], almost as warm as the present, was observed from the late 1920s to the early 1950s. Although data coverage was limited in the first half of the 20th century, the spatial pattern of the earlier warm period appears to have been different from that of the current warmth. In particular, the current warmth is partly linked to the Northern Annular Mode (NAM; see Section 3.6.4) and affects a broader region (Polyakov et al., 2003) (Chapter 3.2.2.4)
Here is what the IPCC AR5 has to say about the early 20th century warming in the Arctic in Chapter 10. The Executive Summary for Chapter 10 makes this statement:
It is likely that there has been an anthropogenic contribution to the very substantial Arctic warming over the past 50 years.
JC note: this is to be compared with ‘more than half', ‘extremely likely' for the overall attribution statement.
From the main text of Chapter 10 (JC bold):
Gillett et al. (2008b) detect anthropogenic influence on near-surface Arctic temperatures over land, with a consistent magnitude in simulations and observations. Wang et al. (2007) also find that observed Arctic warming is inconsistent with simulated internal variability. Both studies ascribe Arctic warmth in the 1930s and 1940s largely to internal variability. Shindell and Faluvegi (2009) infer a large contribution to both midcentury Arctic cooling and late century warming from aerosol forcing changes, with greenhouse gases the dominant driver of long-term warming, though they infer aerosol forcing changes from temperature changes using an inverse approach which may lead to some changes associated with internal variability being attributed to aerosol forcing. We therefore conclude that despite the uncertainties introduced by limited observational coverage, high internal variability, modelling uncertainties (Crook et al., 2011) and poorly understood local forcings, such as the effect of black carbon on snow, there is sufficiently strong evidence to conclude that it is likely that there has been an anthropogenic contribution to the very substantial warming in Arctic land surface temperatures over the past 50 years.
Arctic temperature anomalies in the 1930s were apparently as large as those in the 1990s and 2000s. There is still considerable discussion of the ultimate causes of the warm temperature anomalies that occurred in the Arctic in the 1920s and 1930s (Ahlmann, 1948; Veryard, 1963; Hegerl et al., 2007a; Hegerl et al., 2007b). The early 20th century warm period, while reflected in the hemispheric average air temperature record (Brohan et al., 2006), did not appear consistently in the mid-latitudes nor on the Pacific side of the Arctic (Johannessen et al., 2004; Wood and Overland, 2010). Polyakov et al. (2003) argued that the Arctic air temperature records reflected a natural cycle of about 50–80 years. However, many authors (Bengtsson et al., 2004; Grant et al., 2009; Wood and Overland, 2010; Brönnimann et al., 2012) instead link the 1930s temperatures to internal variability in the North Atlantic atmospheric and ocean circulation as a single episode that was sustained by ocean and sea ice processes in the Arctic and north Atlantic. The Arctic wide temperature increases in the last decade contrast with the episodic regional increases in the early 20th century, suggesting that it is unlikely that recent increases are due to the same primary climate process as the early 20th century.
Turning to model based attribution studies, Min et al. (2008b) compared the seasonal evolution of Arctic sea ice extent from observations with those simulated by multiple GCMs for 1953–2006. Comparing changes in both the amplitude and shape of the annual cycle of the sea ice extent reduces the chance of spurious detection due to coincidental agreement between the response to anthropogenic forcing and other factors, such as slow internal variability. They found that human influence on the sea ice extent changes has been robustly detected since the early 1990s. The anthropogenic signal is also detectable for individual months from May to December, suggesting that human influence, strongest in late summer, now also extends into colder seasons. Kay et al. (2011b), Jahn et al. (2012) and Schweiger et al. (2011) used the climate model (CCSM4) to investigate the influence of anthropogenic forcing on late 20th century and early 21st century Arctic sea ice extent and volume trends. On all timescales examined (2–50+ years), the most extreme negative extent trends observed in the late 20th century cannot be explained by modeled internal variability alone. Comparing trends from the CCSM4 ensemble to observed trends suggests that internal variability could account for approximately half of the observed 1979–2005 September Arctic sea ice extent loss.
JC note: In my essay for Climate Dialogue on the Arctic sea ice decline, I argued that the decline was 50% (+/- 20%) anthropogenic. Mine was the ‘skeptic' position as opposed to the spiral of death position; looks like the skeptic position is mainstream IPCC!
So, who are the Arctic-knowledgable authors that contributed to AR5 Chapter 10? Names that I spotted on the lead author list are: Igor Mokhov, James Overland.
For context, the statements in my Senate testimony were specifically with regards to statements made by the IPCC AR5 and how they represented a ‘pullback' relative to the IPCC AR4. They did not represent my own independent assessment. However, I don't disagree with anything the IPCC AR5 wrote on this topic.
Arctic surface temperature record
Back to the topic that has Tamino in a tizzy: he says the recent temperatures are much warmer than the temperatures circa 1930, and that the IPCC is wrong (and I am wrong because I quoted the IPCC). In the literature, there are a number of different time series plots of Arctic surface temperatures:
(full manuscripts for all but Yamanouchi are available online at the links)
Update: new references added
A 2009 study of warming in Greenland by Jason Box et al found that ” The annual whole ice sheet 1919–32 warming trend is 33% greater in magnitude than the 1994–2007 warming.” Link
Some of the plots show the recent temperatures to be comparable to the earlier temperatures; others show current temperatures to be much warmer. The discrepancies to occur owing to the spatial variability of the trends. In particular there is a strong latitudinal trend with the warmest temperature anomalies circa 1930 occurring at latitudes higher than 70N (Bekrayev et al., Yamanouchi) and also in the Atlantic sector (Overland and Wood).
So back to the IPCC AR5 statement:
“Arctic temperature anomalies in the 1930s were apparently as large as those in the 1990s and 2000s”
Well, average temperatures above 70 N during the 1990's were lower than in the 1930's. The most recent Arctic temperatures that are published (say for 2005-2010) are higher. The IPCC's statement is not incorrect, and the citation of the IPCC statement in my Senate testimony has been defended.
JC conclusion
This issue further highlights the importance of doing a better job on the climatology of Arctic surface temperatures; not just in the early part of the 20th century, but there are substantial discrepancies in various climatologies even of the last decade. Two recent posts addressed this issue:
220097
WD
You have not selected any items to share. Please click on Cancel and try again.
Your email has been sent.
You have not selected any items. Please select items and try again.
0
This item is no longer available Shop our Deal Center. WD My Book® 3TB External Hard Drive With Backup, USB 3.0/2.0, Black OfficeMax # 24192552 220097
Click to View Gallery Write the first review
Related Items Description
Description Product Details
Product Details Customer Reviews Description For movies, music and video games, the need for plenty of storage is clear. This hard drive's huge storage capacity ensures you'll never need to decide how many backups is enough or which media to keep or delete - there's enough space for it all.
3TB storage capacity.
Maximum data transfer rates up to 5Gbps in USB 3.0 mode and up to 480Mbps in USB 2.0 mode.
Compatible with Windows® 8.
WD SmartWare Pro backup software and Acronis True Image system-level backup software. Back to Menu Product Details Item # 220097 Manufacturer # WDBFJK0030HBK-NESN -014--upsell Short Not sure you have enough space? Try this on for size. brand name WD color black depth 5-1/2 in. device connector type USB 3.0; USB 2.0 dimensions 6.7"H x 1.9"W x 5.5"D form factor desktop hard drive type hard drive height 6-5/7 in. Input Voltage 110 V AC; 220 V AC internal/external External manufacturer WDBFJK0030HBK-NESN maximum data transfer rate 5 Mbps model My Book operating system compatibility Windows 8 platform Windows Platform Supported Mac; PC power source AC Adapter Product Line My Book 3.0 software included yes storage capacity 3 TB System Requirements Operating System(s): Windows XP; Windows Vista; Windows 7; Windows 8; Mac OS X 10.6.5 or later warranty length 2-year limited Weight (Approximate) 2.23 lb What's Included My Book 3TB; USB Cable; AC Adapter; Quick Install Guide width 1-8/9 in. wireless no Back to Menu This product has not been reviewed. Write the first review Back to Menu Back To Top
Even if nothing else had happened, least of all as is alleged here a murder, it was an encounter terrifyingly familiar in any busy big city like Toronto.
Surveillance video shows a man on a skateboard and a cab proceeding west along King Street East in the busy downtown core when, for no reason apparent on the snippet of video, the skater hit the taxi hood with his left hand and bent down, as if saying something to the cabbie.
Frankly, that's probably enough right there to give any car driver, skater, cyclist or pedestrian a kick to the gut and a flood of adrenalin: This sort of aggressive interaction happens dozens, probably hundreds, of times a day in the chippy city.
But this time, as the video shows, the taxi suddenly lurched to the right and the skater, one arm raised a little, disappeared underneath the front right end of the cab.
The skater was Ralph Bissonnette, a 28-year-old chef (in his backpack were two pairs of striped “Chef's Choice” pants and a black apron), originally from Quebec. He died from catastrophic crushing injuries.
The cabbie is 47-year-old Adib Ibrahim, a father of three originally from Ethiopia. He's now on trial before Ontario Superior Court Judge Rob Clark and a jury, and is pleading not guilty to second-degree murder in Bissonnette's death on May 14, 2012.
When the trial opened Tuesday for one day — it resumed Friday — prosecutor Hank Goody told the jurors that, “There was no intersection, side street, driveway or laneway into which the taxi was turning. There was no fare on the north side of the street whom Ibrahim was picking up.”
In other words, Goody suggested, there was no good reason for Ibrahim to suddenly veer to the right.
As he put it, “There was only Ralph Bissonnette on his longboard, between Mr. Ibrahim's taxi and the north curb.”
This, said Goody in his opening statement, was a death caused by Ibrahim “deliberately driving a motor vehicle at another human being with the intention” of causing his death or being reckless whether it did or not.
But the video snippet may not show the entire interaction between the two men, and as Torontonians have seen before, in such lethal matters, all is not always as clear-cut as it may first appear.
The poster child for just such complications may be the 2009 case of former Ontario attorney-general Michael Bryant's lethal encounter with cyclist Darcy Sheppard.
After an independent investigation showed that Sheppard had attacked Bryant, who was in his car with his then-wife, and that Sheppard had had six previous altercations with other motorists earlier that day, a special prosecutor from outside Ontario dropped all charges of criminal negligence causing death and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle — against Bryant in 2010.
It's too soon to know if the Ibrahim-Bissonnette case is at all analogous, but what is perfectly plain is the precarious vulnerability of those who skate or cycle on congested urban streets.
One minute, Bissonnette, a tall man, was cruising along with all the confidence in the world on his longboard — they are longer than skateboards and considered more stable — and the next, he was falling as if no heavier than a piece of gossamer fabric under the wheels of the taxi.
His longboard split in two, apparently, Goody said, with a loud cracking sound, yet the taxi kept moving forward, onto the curb and over Bissonnette's head and face.
In the witness stand Friday was forensic identification Toronto Police Det.-Sgt. John Smissen, through whom the prosecutor showed the jurors pictures of the scene.
The nose of the longboard was found near a grated sewer, close to a large pool of blood; the tail was half on the curb. Bits of wood and fibreglass and blood dotted the road, Bissonnette's backpack was on the sidewalk, and his busted bloodied headphones.
In one of these photographs, there is what Smissen called “a ghost image” of the lower legs of an officer who was standing nearby. The ghost image was already more substantial than poor Ralph Bissonnette, his whole life ahead of him one minute, and under a taxi the next.
The trial continues Monday.
National Post
• Email: cblatchford@postmedia.com | Twitter: blatchkiki
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
For the past several years, Felix Kuehn has lived in Kandahar, Afghanistan, one of the few non-Afghans living as civilians in that war-plagued city, the country's second largest and the city in which the Taliban was founded. Only about a hundred foreigners live in Kandahar, including a handful of diplomats from the Iranian and Pakistani consulates and a small number of workers with NGOs. But last week, Kuehn came to Washington to talk about the complicated relationship between Al Qaeda and the Taliban. Ad Policy
Speaking at a forum organized by the Afghanistan Study Group and the Center for International Policy, Kuehn had an important message for policymakers in Washington trying to understand what Osama bin Laden's death means for Afghanistan, and what to think about opening a political dialogue with the Taliban.
His central point: that although the two organizations have ties, they are separate and distinct groups with different constituencies and different goals. And while it's not possible to talk to Al Qaeda, talking and negotiating with the Taliban is eminently possible. Unfortunately, he says, despite increasing reports that both the United States and the Afghan government want to open a dialogue with the Taliban, Kuehn says, “I do not see a serious approach by either the Afghan government or the international community.”
For at least three years, Kuehn and Alex Strick van Linschoten have lived and worked in Kandahar, where they've studied the two organizations, lived with Kandahar citizens, and met people of all political persuasions there, including Taliban commanders. Kuehn points out that the Taliban and Al Qaeda adhere to different strains of Islamic thought, the Taliban associated with Saudi-influenced, Wahhabi-style Hanafi beliefs, and Al Qaeda associated with the more radical, more rigid Hanbali school. The Taliban, of course, are Afghans, and Al Qaeda mostly Arab and almost entirely non-Afghan. Generationally, they are different, too, with most Al Qaeda leaders older than the young commanders of the Taliban, and whereas many Al Qaeda people are professionals and well educated, the Taliban are rural, unschooled, and grew up in places like Kandahar where newspapers were nonexistent and even radios were in the hands of only a privileged few.
When Al Qaeda arrived in Afghanistan from Sudan around 1996, says Kuehn, its membership was not more than 30. Al Qaeda fighters, and the growing number of recruits who came to Afghanistan from elsewhere, kept apart from Taliban fighters, who resented Al Qaeda, and there was a great deal of animosity between the two. Osama bin Laden insisted that international actions against the United States and other countries was crucial to his strategy, while Mullah Omar opposed such actions, says Kuehn.
“Osama bin Laden's death will have zero impact on the Afghan Taliban,” says Kuehn. In part, that's because they “didn't have much a relationship to begin with.” Still, he says, it's foolish to expect the Taliban to denounce Al Qaeda or to formally break with the organization, in part because bin Laden and Al Qaeda were Mullah Omar's bridge to the Arab world. Yet when bin Laden was killed, the Taliban's reaction was muted, and its statement—released via the Taliban's semi-official web site—was mild and restrained. (If you haven't spent time reading the Taliban in its own words, its web site is the place to start.)
Today in Kandahar, he says, the lines between supporters of the Taliban and others, including supporters of the government, are blurred. Often, when he visits friends who are prominent Kandaharis, he'll suddenly find himself sitting with a passel of Taliban commanders.
In response to a questioner who asked about the relationship between the Taliban and the Pashtun ethnic group in Afghanistan and Pakistan, Kuehn said that the Taliban “always saw itself as nonaligned, as an Islamist movement, not a Pashtun movement.” Although many analysts conflate the Taliban and Pashtuns, Kuehn said that's wrong. In fact, he said, “The Taliban has been making huge inroads into ethnic groups in the north,” gaining support among Uzbeks and Tajiks who resent the presence of foreign forces.
In the north, where anti-Taliban forces among the old Northern Alliance are rallying behind Afghan leaders opposed to the Taliban, there are war preparations being made for outright civil war between a reconstituted Northern Alliance and the Taliban, and in some cases commanders in the north are actually drawing lines on maps to represent where they expect the front lines might be. Even among these circles, however, Kuehn says that there are compromise-minded people who'd be willing to accept a division of power between Taliban and non-Taliban forces.
Kuehn said that another division is emerging between what he called the “old guard” Taliban and the new commanders who are moving in to replace those captured or killed by the American counterinsurgency effort in the south. It is, he said, the old guard who are more susceptible to talks with the United States and its allies, including the Afghan government. “There is still a chance to engage the senior leadership of the old-generation Taliban,” he said. But the more they are replaced by younger militants, the more difficult it will be. Pakistan, too, has less influence over the new Taliban youth than it does over Mullah Omar and the Quetta Shura leadership, and the more time that passes the harder it will be for Pakistan to help deliver the Taliban to the bargaining table.
In fact, Kuehn said, he actually has heard discussion from a member of the Quetta Shura that the Taliban would be willing to conduct joint counterterrorism operations with the United States against foreign fighters.
Gov. Rick Scott abruptly called off a South Florida fundraiser planned for Saturday at the Boca Raton home of real estate developer James Batmasian, a convicted felon who did time for federal tax evasion.
Batmasian pleaded guilty in 2008 to a felony charge of failing to pay the government $253,513 in federal taxes for employees at his company, Investments Limited. He was sentenced to eight months in prison followed by two years of supervised release, which is similar to probation.
The Florida Supreme Court then suspended his license to practice law. His law license was still suspended as of Thursday, making him ineligible to practice in Florida. The Florida Bar said Thursday that Batmasian hasn't applied for reinstatement.
Though he's a convicted felon, Batmasian, 67, is still a registered voter. After an inquiry about his status, Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections Susan Bucher said she'd report it to the state to begin the process of removing him from the voter rolls.
Florida prohibits convicted felons from voting unless their rights are restored. Batmasian hasn't voted since the March 2008 Boca Raton city election — five weeks before his guilty plea.
The Florida Democratic Party jumped at the chance to embarrass the Republican governor by using Batmasian as an excuse to bring up Scott's background at HCA/Columbia, the hospital company he founded. Scott was ousted in 1997 amid a Medicare fraud investigation that resulted in $1.7 billion in fines.
Scott left the company with $10 million in severance and $300 million in stock.
"Two famous Florida fraudsters will link arms to collect campaign cash. Rick Scott and his wealthy contributors are spending the evening with Jim Batmasian, a tax-evading South Florida tycoon who — unlike Rick Scott — couldn't dodge a felony and served time federal prison," Democratic Party communications director Joshua Karp wrote in an email to reporters.
The fundraiser was first reported by the website of the liberal magazine Mother Jones, which said the price for the event was $10,000 per person. The Democratic Party circulated the Mother Jones article on Thursday and less than three hours later the Scott campaign canceled the event.
Scott spokesman Greg Blair used the opportunity to take a shot at Charlie Crist, the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination for governor. "This event has been canceled. All the name calling and mudslinging in the world can't hide Charlie Crist's record of failure or the fact that he is too scared to debate his primary opponent," Blair said by email.
The co-host was to be Ned Siegel, who was U.S. ambassador to the Bahamas at the end of George W. Bush's presidency. Siegel is a prominent Boca Raton developer, political donor and major player in the Republican Jewish Coalition.
aman@tribune.com, 954-356-4550
Uganda currently hosts more than 800,000 South Sudanese refugees, 572,000 new arrivals who have continued to stream into the country in desperate need of safety and help since 8 July 2016.
The Government and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) have appealed to the international community for urgent and massive support for thousands of South Sudan refugees who continue to pour in the country, fleeing brutal conflict back at home, coupled with lack of food.
The joint appeal was made by the Prime Minister of Uganda Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda and the UN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi, noting that the influx of refugees is placing a huge strain on resources, presenting a big challenge.
"Uganda has continued to maintain open borders but this unprecedented mass influx is placing enormous strain on our public services and local infrastructure. We continue to welcome our neighbours in their time of need but we urgently need the international community to assist as the situation is becoming increasingly critical," Rugunda said.
"We are at breaking point. Uganda cannot handle Africa's largest refugee crisis alone," Grandi said, adding that, "The lack of international attention to the suffering of the South Sudanese people is failing some of the most vulnerable people in the world when they most desperately need our help."
Uganda currently hosts more than 800,000 South Sudanese refugees, 572,000 new arrivals who have continued to stream into the country in desperate need of safety and help since 8 July 2016.
There are projections that the population of South Sudan refugees in Uganda is likely to rise above one million by mid this year, given that more than 172,000 of them have fled into Uganda since the beginning of the year. In March alone, there have more than 2800 new arrivals.
However chronic and severe underfunding has reached a point where critical life-saving help risks becoming dangerously compromised with transit and reception facilities rapidly becoming overwhelmed.
Major challenges are being faced in providing refugees with adequate food rations, health and educational services, and sufficient clean water; a dire situation further compounded by heavy rains.
Currently, UNHCR urgently needs more than a quarter of a billion USD to support South Sudanese refugees in Uganda.
Children's situation
Another statement on the current state of children in the refugee camps, released by Save the Children shows that many of the children are malnourished and have malaria, diarrhea and respiratory infections.
"Our biggest concern right now is that the underfunding of the response means that children, who comprise more than half of the total population (469,800), do not have access to adequate protection from abuse, health, nutrition, and education services in the settlements," said Save the Children Uganda Country Director Brechtje van Lith.
Similarly, out of 36,900 children of primary school-going age in Bidibidi settlement-Yumbe district, which hosts the largest number of South Sudanese refugees, only 52% (19,188) have access to education.
Van Lith said many of the children come to Uganda on their own, having been separated from or lost their parents during flight. However Bidibidi, the largest camp hosting South Sudanese refugees in Uganda, has 4,638 unaccompanied and separated children registered.
"These children often get lured into marriage, child labour to meet survival needs, as well as face exposure to sexual and physical abuse, particularly while under the care of adults other than their parents/guardians," Van Lith added.
Speaking at the 5th Human Rights Defenders (HRD) annual forum in Kampala on Friday last week, Beatrice Abaru, an HRD working with People Living with AIDS Network, an NGO in Yumbe district said a total of 10 cases of children within the community being defiled by adult refugees had been reported to police since January this year.
"Some of the refugees refuse to move to the camps and end up defiling children in the community. Many of the culprits are those that lost their spouses in the war," she said. By press time, Abubaker Musiho the DPC Yumbe district was not available to ascertain the claim.
The forum organised by the Human Rights Centre Uganda was aimed at establishing effective strategies in addressing the current issues embedded in the working environment of HRDs in Uganda.
Uganda has been hailed for its approach to dealing with refugees considered to be among the most progressive anywhere on the African continent.
Upon receiving refugee status, refugees are provided with small areas of land in settlements integrated within the local host community; a pioneering approach that enhances social cohesion and allows both refugees and host communities to live together peacefully.
In mid and South-West Uganda, land for these settlements is provided by Government. In Northern Uganda, where the vast majority of South Sudanese refugees are being hosted, the land has been donated by the local host community.
As a result Uganda was chosen as a role model for pioneering a comprehensive approach to refugee protection that complements humanitarian responses with targeted development action, benefiting both refugees and the communities hosting them. This was adopted as part of the New York Declaration on Refugees and Migrants at the UN General Assembly last year, and is now also being rolled out in other displacement crises - offering hope to millions of refugees worldwide.
However, with the current underfunding and the fastest-growing refugee emergency in the world, Uganda's ability to realise a model that allows refugees to thrive now risks being jeopardized.
Gecko
Tim Taubert set the style of a not-yet-restored tab's <browser> element to display:none, eliminating the need for any layout data to be stored in memory for such a tab. This was a MemShrink:P1 bug and is a nice improvement for users who typically have many (e.g. 100+) tabs open, because it saves 0.17MB per not-yet-restored tab on 64-bit platforms, and slightly less on 32-bit platforms.
Bobby Holley fixed a defect that was causing some add-ons (NoScript, Roboform, and Google PageSpeed) to create ghost windows. This fix has been also been ported to the Aurora and Beta channels and so will be present in Firefox 16.
Add-on SDK
Version 1.10 of the Add-on SDK was released. It has two fixes that prevent various leaks. Furthermore, Alexandre Poirot fixed two other leaks in the Add-on SDK; these changes will presumably make it into version 1.11.
The Add-on SDK has had a lot of leaks fixed over the past few months. Hopefully we're getting near the end of them!
Generational GC
I have started helping with the ongoing project to convert the JavaScript engine's mark-and-sweep garbage collector to a compacting, generational collector. This is the #2 item on the current MemShrink “Big Ticket Items” list because it should significantly reduce JS memory consumption, and it should also help performance in other ways.
It's a big task because it makes a very fundamental change to the JS engine: garbage-collected things such as JS objects, strings and functions can move. This is a big deal because these things are represented within the JS engine as C++ objects of various kinds, and it's not normal for C++ objects to move! Think about it — if you have a pointer to a C++ object, and the object moves, the pointer is no longer valid.
I won't go into detail about how we handle this but the important thing to know is that pretty much every place in the JS engine where we have a raw C++ pointer to a GC thing object needs to be manually changed to use a new representation. This is literally tens of thousands of changes that must be completed before the garbage collector can be made either compacting or generational (the two properties are orthogonal, with both providing benefits).
If you are interested in following the progress of this conversion, take a look at bug 753203.
A reminder
In these MemShrink reports I usually write about Firefox changes just after they first land on mozilla-central. Such changes will show up in Nightly builds within a day, but won't reach an official Firefox release for 12–18 weeks, as per Firefox's release schedule. If you remember that you'll avoid any confusion about which changes are in which release.
For example: except where noted otherwise, the changes I've mentioned above will be in Firefox 18 — assuming they don't cause problems that cause them to be backed out — which is due for final release in early January, 2013. (The current scheduled release date is January 1st, but that will probably be delayed slightly because New Year's Day is not a good day for a release!)
Bug Counts
Here are the current bug counts.
They say that ignorance is bliss, and that statement has never been truer when it's concerned me and owning a car. I never knew what a slave I was to it until now, and how much it kept me from doing important things like meetings and writing thinkpieces.
My awakening began precisely at 10:22 a.m. this morning, when Neil Patel's article in Entrepreneur hit my desk. Patel describes himself as an entrepreneur, investor & influencer, and make no mistake: when someone calls themselves an influencer, they are immediately deserving of your attention.
Thought-provokingly titled “Why I Refuse to Own a Car,” Patel explicitly explains how the things you own end up owning you if you're not careful. Including cars. He details how car ownership posed nothing but a series of “distractions” that prevented him from focusing the Things That Matter in his life, like his relationships and business(es).
Right off the bat, he corrected me in thinking that a car makes any “business sense”:
I soon realized, though, that my car was a distraction. I had to fill it with gas, get oil changes, figure out where to park it and try to drive in the crazy downtown Seattle traffic. What a waste of time! So, I gave the car to a friend. He had to pay for gas and insurance, of course, but the car was his. My only condition? He had to give me a ride when I needed it. Basically, I had Uber before there was Uber.
For me, the agreement made perfect business sense. Purchase a car. Give it away. Don't worry about the hassle, and get unlimited free rides in return.
Advertisement
Right on, Neil! I never realized that there was a nearly unlimited supply of personal drivers and errand-runners from the pool of people lucky enough to consider themselves my friends. When I have time for them, of course, after I'm done meditating and daydreaming and crafting uniquely personalized follow-up emails.
Neil goes on:
I've engineered my life to be incredibly minimalist. I don't own a home. I don't own a car. I don't have any major recurring expenses. I wear the same thing every day. I eat the same thing. My life is extremely simple. That's the way I've designed it.
Advertisement
Hell, just look at this guy. He's achieved, like, fuckin' nirvana. Neil could not care less about pedestrian-variety stuff like food, or owning property. To him, everything that isn't business-oriented is streamlined to the point of non-existence.
I'm fervently taking notes here—efficiency seems to be the name of the game.
Plus, I've done the math. I spend roughly 8.2 hours a week in a car. That's around 426 hours per year. Some people spend more time in their cars each week. I don't really have to drive to work, but I have to go to meetings.
Advertisement
Do you hear that! He has meetings. Meetings are not something ordinary plebes have. Thank you for being such a super-important disruptor who goes to meetings and doesn't have time to be stuck in a car like the underclass. I am learning so much.
Assuming that the average person spends 40 hours a week working, I am gaining 10.5 work weeks more than my competition. In essence, I am able to work more hours each year than my competition can, because I don't drive, while they do. As an entrepreneur, time is money. There isn't enough time in the day. The company that executes the fastest tends to win. By using Uber and not driving, I gain 10.5 weeks a year on my competition.
Advertisement
At the time of this writing, I hardly go to enough meetings to justify selling my car. However, he's given me something new to aspire to: go to more meetings to save time and avoid doing any actual real work. Everybody wins!
I also began to understand the subtle difference between owning a car and exclusively taking Ubers everywhere. Owning a car is a distraction, but consistently ponying up for a ride isn't! See the difference?
After I finished reading Neil's story, I walked over to the bathroom and gave myself a long and hard look in the mirror. I realized that the very tips of my hair seemed a bit dry and would probably benefit from a trim. But then I realized that these things matter very little in the way of the entrepreneurial spirit that drives only a select few of us.
Advertisement
To you, Neil, I can only say thank you. Thank you for opening up my eyes to the inhibitors that were keeping me from my full potential of going to meetings. Thank you for giving me something to strive for. To die for. I can only hope to bum a ride off someone to power lunch with you so we can network together.
Make no mistake, I will be in the presence of true greatness, the Lord of LinkedIn himself, when that day comes. I can hardly wait. I have so many questions.
A Canadian man has pleaded guilty to operating a drone in the High Peaks Wilderness in the Adirondacks, according to the Adirondack Explorer.
Keven Descheneaux, of Trois Rivieres, Quebec, violated environmental conservation regulations. A forest ranger ticketed Descheneaux on June 17 for flying a drone near the ranger's outpost in the Johns Brook valley.
The Adirondack Explorer reports that Descheneaux is the first to be convicted of operating a drone in the Forest Preserve.
He was fined $75 in addition to a $75 court fee.
The state Department of Environmental Conservation is currently working on drone regulations for the Forest Preserve, however, Descheneaux violated state laws that already prohibits any unauthorized person to operate a motorized equipment in wilderness, primitive, primitive bicycle corridor and canoe areas within the Adirondack and Catskill Parks.
There is a loophole to that law. It's illegal to launch a drone from a Wilderness Area, but it's not illegal to launch a drone from somewhere else and fly it over Wilderness.
12 moose/motor vehicle accidents so far this year in Upstate NY
When mountaintops are no place to be alone: Being 'loved to death' in the Adirondacks
Adirondacks in a day: 10 fun things to do during a trip to the region
Seventeen minutes of amateur video shot by one of the mayor's closest allies during Pride festivities has set the stage for an intense battle over publically funded events in Toronto. In the short-term, Councillor Doug Ford suggested the city may withhold hundreds of thousands of dollars in Pride funding already promised to organizers.
In the long-term, the footage, which shows dyke parade participants carrying anti-Israeli apartheid signage, could have drastic implications for every entity that receives city grants, from Caribana to the Toronto International Film Festival. “We shouldn't be funding any political messaging at all,” said Councillor Giorgio Mammoliti. “I think that we have to re-evaluate and reconsider everything we do with taxpayer's dollars, which yes,” also applies to the arts community. Mammoliti has the support of Deputy Mayor Doug Holyday, who wants the city to create a policy that will prevent public dollars being spent on a political message.
Article Continued Below
Holyday said art grant recipients — which are paid out of the same city fund as Pride — will also need to be scrutinized, but he isn't sure the same rule should apply to them. “I do think it extends to all communities, but I'd need to think a little bit more about that,” he said. “I wouldn't want to say just because a movie is controversial or delivers a political message that it doesn't deserve our funding.” On Saturday, Mammoliti — who describes himself as the mayor's quarterback and is a member of the powerful executive committee — stood on the sidelines of the Dyke Parade documenting what he says are violations of the agreement between Pride organizers and the city. Earlier this year, Mammoliti demanded a written guarantee from festival organizers that the controversial group Queers Against Israeli Apartheid be banned from participating in Pride events. QuAIA voluntarily agreed to stay away and in May, council approved funding on the condition that organizers ensure all participants adhere to the city's anti-discrimination policy.
Mammoliti believes what he saw on Saturday constitutes proof that that promise was broken. The 17-minutes of tape, which Mammoliti plans to edit down, shows about 30 parade marchers expressing pro-Palestinian opinions. Some carry a “Free Palestine” banner. Others call for a boycott of Israeli products. Others chant “End the occupation.” Some are not marching in the parade, but are standing at the sidelines. Even this, argues Mammoliti, should have been a problem for organizers.
Article Continued Below
“At the dyke march, it was clear to me that nobody cared about what was happening from the organization standpoint and I have some issues with that,” he said. But Councillor Shelley Carroll points out that none of these violate the city's discrimination policy. In April, City Manager Joe Pennachetti found that even QuAIA doesn't violate the current policy, which prevents the discrimination against people — by age, race, gender, sexual orientation, material status and disability, among others — not a governmental policy. Mammoliti said he will be sharing his footage with the mayor and his colleagues in the coming days. From there, he would put forward a motion at executive committee to withhold the nearly $130,000 in grant money already committed to Pride organizers. Mammoliti will also look at whether Pride officials should be made to reimburse the city $200,000 worth of in-kind service donations, such as policing and street cleaning. About a quarter of the festival's budget, $130,000, comes from the City of Toronto. Pride co-chair Francisco Alvarez said the organization would be bankrupt without the contribution. On Monday morning, Councillor Ford told Global News “nothing's ruled out; keep everything on the table” regarding whether funding could be revoked. If that were to happen, Councillor Kristyn Wong-Tam, council's only openly gay member, said the city would absolutely open itself to legal action. Ford adversary Councillor Shelley Carroll called Mammoliti's position “dangerous.” “It's the broader implications that we have to look at here. What is a political message. Are we part of a nation that honours freedom of speech or not?” she said. “What precedent does it set? Where does your responsibility as a cultural event organizer begin and end? There have to be some parameters.”
Read more about:
From the moment I met him, he smoked one cigarette after another, often lighting one of the untipped brand he favoured from the end of the previous one.
He had started as a teenager and was just about as committed as smokers get by his late teens. At 34, he quit. But of course the cigarettes left their damage which, 40 years later, resulted in poor health.
On the day he died, I was giving him a hand to get from one room to another when he collapsed. When he was lying down, I ran for a pillow and put it under his head. A medical groupie, I knew the long spaces between his breaths constituted “agonal breathing”, where the gaps are as long as 20 seconds between each breath, with the gaps increasing.
Nevertheless, I found my mobile phone and rang emergency services. Yes, the ambulance was on the way, the voice said, double -checking the details of our location. Once arrival times and access were sorted, the telephone voice changed tone. He introduced himself as Barry and asked if my husband was lying on a pillow.
“Yes.”
“Get rid of it. Lie him flat.”
“I've done that.”
“Right. Now you're going to do chest compressions.”
“He's gone,” I said. “There's no point.”
“He may be,” Barry said. “But you have to give him every chance.”
He told me how to interlock my fingers, where to put my palm, how to press down two inches. Then he started to call out the rhythm: “One, two, three, four”. I did it and he demanded I count aloud in sequence with him and I did it, the phone tucked between shoulder and head.
Breaking bones
Together, this stranger and I went the “one, two, three, four and one, two, three, four” routine and I could feel my husband's poor bones break beneath my pumping palms.
I wept protests at disembodied Barry (not his real name). While he was never for a moment rude, neither was he going to get sucked into the emotion. The message was: “We have a job to do...”
The paramedics arrived, one hauling me to my feet while another took over. I was led away from their punishing actions and shouted confirmations until they had the patient stabilised. He was loaded into the ambulance and a paramedic shared her car with me. En route to the hospital, the ambulance stopped. The paramedic driving me pulled out without hesitation to pass it and leave it there.
“This road is bumpy,” she said. “One of the tubes may have come loose.”
“No,” I said with the absolute certainty of the ignorant. “That's to deal with cardiac arrest.”
She didn't argue. Just drove. The ambulance arrived at the emergency department eight minutes after we did, and I was put in a room to wait. An hour later, the consultant in charge arrived with her team to share the worst and praise me for my part in it.
The paramedics had been able to establish a heartbeat, thanks to the constant chest compressions. It wasn't a great heart beat, though, and he had arrested twice. If he arrested a third time . . .?
The three dots and the question mark hung in the air. Promise and threat. They would continue to work on him if I insisted. I shook my head and they went away. Another hour. Another cardiac arrest. It was over.
Held his hands
They took away the tubes and enveloped my husband in a simulacrum of bedclothes and left me with him. I held his hands and wept to see the age spots on them. He was low on vanity, my husband, but he truly hated the recurring blood bruises that had manifested themselves on his hands in recent years.
Then two gardaí came to do the State paper work. When it was done, I asked if anything else needed to happen before I called a taxi. “No need for a taxi,” one of the guards said. “We'll take you home.”
They drove me to my empty house and made sure I had the door locked before they left. The paramedics had tidied up after themselves. Nothing was left to show what had happened, other than the pillow I had tossed away on Barry's instructions.
Barry did a great job and I'm sure he would say I did a great job too. But he would be wrong. It would have been better to let my dying husband alone. Leave his head pillowed, not punished on a hard floor. Hold him in my arms until his life ebbed away. Instead, his dying was busy and brutal.
Today, questions are being asked about the merits of CPR for someone who is old and ailing. It is now suggested that it is counter-productive and that unconscious people in their 70s with cardiac arrest should be allowed to die under cover of coma, rather than being pummelled and intubated and chemically electrified into a response that is less than life.
In the case of my husband, my best efforts gave him half a heart beat for half an hour and left me with the final memory of his bones breaking beneath my hands.
There are only 23 days until the 2016 NFL Draft starts, which means there are also only 23 days until the BGN Radio and Philly Influencer draft party! And in even better news ... THE DRAFT PARTY T-SHIRTS ARE HERE! Take a look for yourself. (Click on the image below to go to the store.)
Here's how to get yours, via BGN Radio host John Barchard:
What are Howie and Doug going to do on draft night? We don't know, but it's going to be a lot of fun to find out.
Our good friends at ATLS. Apparel (@ATLSapparel) have done such a great job with these. This isn't just some low quality t-shirt that will be useless after one wash, these are 100% ring-spun cotton. Not only durable but super soft and comfortable. It's a great buy for $20. These will only be around for a very limited time, so make sure to grab as many as you can before Monday, April 18th at 12:00 noon ET. If you are attending the draft party at Nick's Roast Beef on Cottman, you can pick up your t-shirts the night of the party. Make sure you bring your ID and your receipt, you can not pick up you t-shirt without these two things.
If you are not attending the party but still want a shirt, no problem! ATLS. Apparel is happy to ship them out to you for an additional $4.99 shipping cost.
Come and get them! ***CLICK RIGHT HERE*** to grab your very own BGN Radio/Philly Influencer Draft Party T-Shirts! We will see all of you at Nick's Roast Beef in the NE April 28th at 7:00 PM ET (WHERE WE WILL BE GIVING AWAY TICKETS TO THE PHILADELPHIA EAGLES HOME OPENER!)
There are no tickets involved. Feel free to RSVP on our Facebook page but it's not required.
It should be a good time, so come on out! We'll see you there in your shirt. More details on the flyer below:
The Escape Room is expanding into Fishers. The entertainment venue plans to occupy 6,500 square feet on the second and third floors of The Edge, an office and retail development on the northeast corner of 116th Street and Lantern Road.
The business got its start last year in Indianapolis when it opened in downtown's Station Place, above The Old Spaghetti Factory on South Meridian Street.
Escape rooms have become increasingly popular in the United States and throughout the world.
“A year-and-a-half ago people were like, ‘Are you crazy?'” said Dan Chillemi, one of the co-owners of The Escape Room. “Now it's getting recognized more as another form of entertainment.”
The downtown location, which spans 5,000 square feet, features five rooms of various sizes and themes—a bank lobby, KGB interrogation room, art gallery, jail and Hoosier Hysteria sports room.
Groups of various sizes work together to solve clues and puzzles in order to escape their rooms within an hour. It costs $29 per person.
The Fishers location will feature six rooms and two lounges, making it easier to host private groups and provide space for larger groups, Chillemi said.
Local beer and wine will be served, similar to the downtown location, and catering will be offered as well.
Chillemi said a new attraction at the Fishers location will be two identical racing-themed rooms where groups can compete against each other. A restored 1965 Ford Mustang will be inside each room, and the premise will be that a championship race is about to start but several problems must be solved before the team can compete.
“That one we're pretty excited about because it's a new concept for the escape rooms,” Chillemi said.
The Fishers location is expected to open in the fall.
“They're really exciting,” said Scott Baldwin, managing broker and owner of RealtyQwest LLC, which is responsible for leasing The Edge. “I think it will be a very unique draw for Fishers.”
Other tenants have also signed on to the recently completed $17.5 million development, which includes a 61,000-square-foot, three-story commercial building and 330-space parking garage.
The Well, a Nashville, Tennessee-based not-for-profit coffee shop, plans to occupy 2,000 square feet on the first floor facing Lantern Road. The organization donates proceeds to building wells in countries without access to drinking water.
Two locations are open in the Nashville area, and this would be its first Indiana store. The Well offers coffee drinks, smoothies and meeting space that is open for public use.
Borrowed Boutique, which also donates part of its proceeds to a cause, is leasing 2,200 square feet on the second floor. The online shop, which supports awareness and prevention of sexual exploitation and childhood prostitution, offers rental dress clothing and accessory options for young girls.
It is expected to open in September.
Two tenants have also already opened. Community Health Network occupies 20,000 square feet on the second and third floors of the building and Progressive Eye Care leases 3,100 square feet on the southeast corner of the first floor.
About 8,000 square feet of retail space remains on the first floor, but most of it is being reserved for a steakhouse, according to Baldwin.
“We've had a lot of interest,” Baldwin said. “We've just been a little picky.”
Baldwin said he feels like there's a “hole in the market” for upscale restaurants in Fishers, compared to what's available in nearby in Carmel or Noblesville.
“Fishers has got Peterson's down at 96th Street and that's really it when you think of a white-tablecloth steakhouse,” Baldwin said.
He said he expects a sandwich shop to occupy the north end of the first floor, where there are a lot of windows and outdoor-seating availability.
About 4,300 square feet of space is still available on the second floor, which could be used for offices or shops. Baldwin said the second floor could become similar to the Indiana Design Center in Carmel and feature a variety of unique retail outlets.
“It will be a unique tenant mix,” Baldwin said.
In this Aug. 20, file photo, a view of 'Dismaland' , in Western-super-Mare, Somerset, England. An anarchic amusement park by street artist Banksy that mocked capitalism and consumer culture has brought an economic boom to a faded seaside town. Banksy's Dismaland "bemusement park" transformed a derelict outdoor swimming pool in Weston-Super-Mare into a macabre parody of a theme park, complete with a derelict castle, a dead Cinderella and a Grim Reaper in a bumper car. Local officials say the attraction, which closes Sunday, Sept 27, after five weeks, drew more than 150,000 people to the southwest England town of 75,000. (Photo: Yui Mok, AP)
LONDON (AP) — An anarchic amusement park by street artist Banksy that mocked capitalism and consumer culture has brought an economic boom to a faded British seaside town.
Banksy's Dismaland “bemusement park” transformed a derelict outdoor swimming pool in Weston-Super-Mare into a macabre parody of a theme park, complete with a derelict castle, a dead Cinderella and a Grim Reaper in a bumper car.
Local officials say the attraction, which closes Sunday after five weeks, drew more than 150,000 people to the southwest England town of 75,000.
Fans from around the world snapped up all available tickets — limited to 4,000 a day — for the event billed as a “festival of art, amusements and entry-level anarchism.” A final concert Friday night featured performances by De La Soul, Pussy Riot and Blur singer Damon Albarn.
Tourism body Visit Somerset said the exhibition had brought 20 million pounds ($30 million) to a region that has struggled since foreign vacations replaced local seaside holidays for many Britons.
Officials hope to use the shuttered site for future art and performance events.
Banksy said the project was not a swipe at Disney, despite its familiar-looking castle logo. It satirized the tourism and entertainment industries, with exhibits including a sculpture of a woman being attacked by a cloud of seagulls and a pond where visitors could steer model boats crammed with migrants.
The site also featured work by some 50 international and British artists.
The artist told the Sunday Times newspaper he was inspired by the seasonal theme parks that pop up at Christmas “where they stick some antlers on an Alsatian dog” and spray fake snow around.
“It's ambitious, but it's also crap,” he said. “I think there's something very poetic and British about all that.”
Banksy, who has never disclosed his full identity, began his career spray-painting buildings in his home town of Bristol — near Weston — and has become one of the world's best-known street artists. His often satirical works have sold for as much as $1.8 million at auction.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1KBvraQ
Tell me if this sounds familiar – you wake up, flip open your [ laptop | organizer | cell phone ] – and find dozens of unpleasant tasks staring you in the face:
Complete Project “Motif” For Jack
Follow up with Deb, Make Decision About [random scribbles]
Organize paperwork (what does this even mean?)
Have you been there – waking up to a bunch of items on your to-do list, and you don' t know where to start? Imagine how much better you'd feel if you could get started on it right away, and knock off a couple of those tasks – instantly, guaranteed.
Immediately crossing some tasks off my to-do list every morning is one strategy I use to kick-start my day. If you've got a to-do list that doesn't seem to budge, it just might work for you too. I call it using “gimme” tasks.
What The Heck Is A Gimme Task?
In golf, players aim to hit the ball onto the green and then putt it into the hole. In casual play, when one player's golf ball is close enough to the hole, he can elect to “gimme.” If the other players agree, the player just picks up the ball and adds one stroke to his score.
Basically, there's no need to waste time lining up for a putt that a player will almost surely make.
A gimme task is along the same lines: it's a task that I am guaranteed to complete. It's something that I know I can do, and regularly accomplish on a daily basis – but I put it on my to-do list anyway. My gimme tasks include:
Brush Teeth
Shave
Take Vitamins
Practice Guitar
This way when I start my day, I can immediately check a couple (arguably productive) things off my to-do list – and then using that momentum, work on the rest of my task list.
Hey, Suddenly My To-do List Doesn't Look So Bad!
Part of it is a psychological trick too – if I wake up, and there are 40 items on my to-do list that looks daunting. If I immediately knock 10 of them off because they're gimmes, suddently 30 doesn't look so bad (since I started out with 40).
Enjoy this article? You should Tweet This and share it with your friends, or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link: http://j.mp/gimmetask
Further Reading:
50 Years After The Equal Pay Act, Gender Wage Gap Endures
Enlarge this image toggle caption Harvey Georges/AP Harvey Georges/AP
On this day 50 years ago, President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act in an effort to abolish wage discrimination based on gender. Half a century later, the Obama administration is pushing Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, designed to make wage differences more transparent.
Some dispute the frequently cited figure that women are paid 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. But even those who argue the gap is narrower agree it's most prominent when a woman enters her childbearing years.
'She's Just Going To Leave Me'
In 2010, an analytics firm called Reach Advisors crunched Census Bureau numbers and found something surprising: The median salary of single, childless women under the age of 30 was 8 percent higher than their male counterparts. That's largely because more women are going to college than men.
What made that number noteworthy is that it's the only group of women who have a pay advantage. In fact, different numbers from Reach Advisors show that that early advantage vaporizes later in women's lives — especially if they have children.
"Studies have shown for over a decade that what is really killing women economically is motherhood," says Joan Williams, professor at the University of California Hastings College of Law. She popularized the term "maternal wall," referring to discrimination against hiring or promoting mothers based on the assumption she will be less committed to her job.
"We run a hotline, so I hear about it most every week," Williams says.
The number of pregnancy and maternity discrimination charges filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has steadily increased since the late 1990s.
"I think what's interesting is that it's against the law, I assume everybody knows it, yet it still occurs. And it occurs in a very overt fashion," says David Lopez, the agency's general counsel. "That means that employers often leave trails of emails saying, in effect, 'We don't want her because she's a mother.' "
Catherine Hill is research director for the American Association of University Women. She says the pay advantage young women supposedly have disappears when you control for the level of education. Her research shows that, just a year out of college, women are at a 6.6 percent pay disadvantage. Hill says a big part of that is the anticipation of motherhood.
For example, she says, employers may ask themselves: Am I really going to spend the money to put this woman into a training program? She's just going to leave me, after all.
"And that kind of discriminatory behavior really boxes women in, so we all get penalized because people fear that women are going to leave the workplace," Hill says.
And she says the pay gap compounds over time, hurting women in their retirement years.
A First Step Or Step Back?
Not everyone agrees there's a link between the pay gap and discrimination.
Sabrina Schaeffer is a executive director of the Independent Women's Forum, a conservative and libertarian women's advocacy group.
"I don't deny that there is a wage gap. The question for me is, how big is that gap, and what are the causes?" Schaeffer says.
Schaeffer attributes the so-called motherhood penalty in pay to choices women make to work fewer hours or take time off. Less experience adds up to less pay. And, she says, anti-discrimination laws paradoxically hurt working women.
"I absolutely think that we would be better off without the Equal Pay Act," Schaeffer says.
She says rules and regulations make it harder for employers to grant flexible work arrangements because they're required to track pay and hours worked. So women make the tradeoff to work less and get paid less — and that's not necessarily bad.
"We often talk as if men and women live in a vacuum, and as if what's good for my husband or what's good for me doesn't benefit the other person. At the end of the day, as I see it, our interests are tied. So I think that the idea of a motherhood penalty is a little bit outdated," Schaeffer says.
But equal pay activists say it is, in fact, the future. A recent Pew Research Center study showed 40 percent of moms are breadwinners — and that a majority of them are single.
Williams, the Hastings law professor, says the pay gap should not be framed as a matter of choice.
"Women choose to have babies; they don't choose the discrimination that goes along with it," she says.
Speaking 50 years ago, President Kennedy hailed the Equal Pay Act a "first step." He then asked Congress to fund tax breaks and day care centers so women could remain in the workforce even after they became mothers.
Students at the University of Flordia are being asked to predict the “emotional risk” level of guest speaker events they wish to organize.
Students are now required to submit an “emotional risk” level for guest speaker events that they wish to host on campus. The options on the university's online portal, Gatorhub, include “Sensitive Subject Matter,” “Reaction of Participants,” and “Potential Controversy.”
The new policy likely comes in response to the increased efforts by college students across the country to censor guest speakers, which have overwhelmingly been of conservative and libertarian ideological persuasion.
The new policy asks event organizers to estimate the “emotional risk” level associated with their event, but they are able to skip the question. Student responses that are recorded are used by administrators to determine event staffing needs.
Emily Jashinsky of the Washington Examiner argues that University of Florida students should skip the question entirely, calling it “an example of how universities condition students to cope with challenges.”
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.com
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren drew a red line on Friday for 2016 presidential candidates, calling for them to commit to end the so-called “revolving door” between Wall Street and the Cabinet.
The firebrand populist said specifically that all the presidential candidates should support Wisconsin Sen. Tammy Baldwin's bill introduced this week that would prohibit bonuses for Wall Street executives who take government jobs.
“Anyone who wants to be President should appoint only people who have already demonstrated they are independent, who have already demonstrated that they can hold giant banks accountable,” said Warren, speaking in Phoenix at Netroots Nation, a convention of liberal activists.
While the call to action was aimed at everyone running in 2016, its clearest target was Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton, who is courting the very types of progressive activists in the audience in both the primary and general election.
MORE: How Elizabeth Warren's Populist Fury is Remaking Democratic Politics
While Warren declined to run for president, her supporters give her credit for pushing Clinton to the left and setting the liberal standard on a host of issues.
Clinton has already gone at least part of the way to satisfying Warren's demands. During a speech Monday on her vision for the American economy, Clinton called for greater regulation of financial institutions.
“I will appoint and empower regulators who understand that Too Big To Fail is still too big a problem,” Clinton said on Monday. She outlined plans to rein in Wall Street and “go beyond Dodd-Frank.”
Baldwin's bill is aimed at addressing what progressives see as a profound governmental problem: that government finance appointees often have close ties to Wall Street. In her speech, Warren pointed out that three of the last four Treasury Secretaries, the vice chair of the Federal Reserve and other key government officials have had close ties with Citigroup, a major Wall Street bank.
“Elizabeth Warren offered a framework for how Democratic presidential candidates can reduce Wall Street influence in key appointments,” said Stephanie Taylor, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee after Warren's speech.
Unhappy with President Obama's less aggressive approach to Wall Street, the Democratic left has searched for a liberal champion who can address issues like income inequality and campaign finance reforms and found some of its voice in Warren, a former Harvard law professor and consumer protection advocate.
While Clinton has rhetorically embraced much of Warren's logic, she has not gone as far as her fellow Democratic presidential candidates, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley.
See an Intimate Portrait of Hillary Clinton Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME Diana Walker—Contour by Getty Images for TIME 1 of 9 Advertisement
O'Malley called earlier this month for appointing regulatory officials who had for at least three years not worked in the financial sector and would be willing to prosecute criminal financial cases, laying out a detailed plan to regulate Wall Street with much of the same language Warren has used.
In her speech Friday, Warren spoke about a surging progressive movement across the country, calling Washington, D.C., out of touch with the rest of America.
She ticked off a litany of issues that she said Americans are further to the left on than elected officials, including raising the minimum wage, reducing the cost of college, requiring paid sick leave, increasing social security benefits, and enacting campaign finance reform.
“I'm here to make an announcement to insider Washington: America is far more progressive than you are,” Warren said.
It's a message Warren is counting on resonating in the 2016 election. Warren added that the economic crisis in 2008 would have been different if there had been left-leaning economists in high governmental positions instead of Wall Street alums.
“How would the world be different today if, when the economic crisis hit [in 2008], Joe Stiglitz had been Secretary of the Treasury?” Warren said.
Stiglitz is now advising Hillary Clinton.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Obama hailed the approaching end of the war and thanked US troops
US President Barack Obama has pledged to "finish the job" and end the Afghan war, addressing the US public live from a military base in Afghanistan.
Speaking a year after Osama Bin Laden's killing, Mr Obama thanked US troops and hailed plans to end combat operations.
He arrived in Kabul on a surprise visit lasting a few hours to sign an accord on future Afghan-US ties with President Hamid Karzai, ahead of a Nato summit.
Hours after his speech, at least seven people died in an attack in Kabul.
Afghan officials said at least two suicide bombers targeted a residential compound popular with foreigners in the eastern part of the capital.
They said at least four of those killed were from a nearby school. Seventeen people were wounded. The Taliban later claimed responsibility for the attacks.
A spokesman for the Nato-led force praised the Afghan security forces for "taking the lead in putting down another desperate attack by insurgents".
Analysis The partnership addresses long-term Afghan financial and security needs and aims to make clear the West is not cutting and running. That's an important message for audiences in Nato countries, as well as in Afghanistan. But it also sends a signal to the militants and their supporters eyeing up the "end game". More than 20 drafts were exchanged before the final text could be agreed. Clauses were also inserted late on to try to reassure neighbours like Iran and Pakistan who are nervous about a continued US presence. Change will be gradual. The US will retain a large degree of influence - but less and less control - over key areas like prisons and night raids. Crucially for Afghans, they now have a framework for gaining control of these issues. The deal will not itself provide a durable peace - that will need many other steps, including a settlement with the insurgent groups and the co-operation of Afghanistan's neighbours.
'National security'
Earlier, Mr Obama said signing the pact with President Karzai was "a historic moment" for both nations.
His visit and TV address came as the patience of the US public with the war in Afghanistan is wearing thin.
In the speech, beamed back to prime-time evening audiences in the US, the president said that at the forthcoming Nato summit, to be held in Chicago later this month, the alliance would "set a goal for Afghan forces to be in the lead for combat operations across the country next year".
Nato has already committed to withdrawing from combat operations in Afghanistan by the end of 2014.
"I will not keep Americans in harm's way a single day longer than is absolutely required for our national security," Mr Obama said. "But we must finish the job we started in Afghanistan, and end this war responsibly."
Correspondents say Mr Obama's words appear to be aimed at showing American voters he is pursuing a strategy to wind down the war, while reassuring Afghans in the face of a continuing Taliban insurgency.
'Path to peace'
About 23,000 of the 88,000 US troops currently in the country are expected to leave Afghanistan by the summer, with all US and Nato combat troops out by the end of 2014.
"It is time to renew America," Mr Obama said towards the end of his remarks.
"My fellow Americans, we have travelled through more than a decade under the dark cloud of war. Yet here, in the pre-dawn darkness of Afghanistan, we can see the light of a new day on the horizon.
"The Iraq war is over. The number of our troops in harm's way has been cut in half, and more will be coming home soon. We have a clear path to fulfil our mission in Afghanistan, while delivering justice to al-Qaeda."
America has no designs beyond an end to al-Qaeda safe-havens, and respect for Afghan sovereignty Barack Obama, US President In pictures: Kabul suicide attack
During the speech, Mr Obama outlined the agreement he had just signed with Mr Karzai.
The BBC's Paul Adams says 20 months of negotiation finally produced an agreement after differences over night raids by Nato special forces and the handling of prisoners were ironed out.
According to the US president, the document outlines plans for training Afghan forces and supporting counter-terrorism efforts, as well as "Afghan commitments to transparency and accountability".
Mr Obama also spoke of a "negotiated peace" with the Taliban, saying that if insurgents broke with al-Qaeda, and followed the "path to peace", there could be reconciliation.
He said that ahead of the Chicago meeting of Nato, he had made it clear to Pakistan that it could be an "equal partner in the process".
Pakistan and US relations soured after Mr Obama launched the raid that killed Bin Laden inside the country's border.
"In pursuit of a durable peace, America has no designs beyond an end to al-Qaeda safe-havens, and respect for Afghan sovereignty."
Mr Obama also rejected calls to leave Afghanistan in advance of the 2014 Nato timeline, saying "we must finish the job we started in Afghanistan, and end this war responsibly".
President Karzai said after the meeting: "By signing this document, we close the last 10 years and open a new season of equal relations."
The Taliban accused him of selling Afghan sovereignty to the Americans.
In the wake of the agreement, the US is to designate Afghanistan as a major non-Nato ally, US officials are quoted as saying by Reuters news agency.
The deal does not commit the US to any specific spending or troop presence, but does leave the way open for Washington to keep forces in Afghanistan until 2024, the Associated Press reports.
The Kansas official in charge of a multi-state voter registration 'crosscheck' program said Monday that on Election Day, 6,000 people registered to vote in New Hampshire using drivers licenses from other states.
Nearly half of those suspect cases involved licenses issued in Massachusetts.
That, Kris Kobach told CNN, supports the White House's contention that America's voting system suffers great enough incidence of fraud to swing an election.
CNN conducted the interview over a graphic that read: 'Zero evidence to support Trump voter fraud claims.' Kobach later tweeted that it was 'proof of @CNN bias.' They run text below my picture claiming my statements are false. So much for letting the viewer decide.'
New Hampshire Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan unseated Republican incumbent Kelly Ayotte in November by just 1,017 votes, out of more than 707,000 casts.
White House Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller argued in an series of Sunday morning interviews that 'thousands' of Massachusetts voters from were 'brought in on buses' to vote 'illegally' in that contest.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach said Monday that on Election Day, 6,000 people with out-of-state drivers licenses registered to vote in New Hampshire – creating a real possibility of fraud in a U.S. Senate race that was decided by a 1,017-vote margin
White House Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller said Sunday that President Trump's claims that Massachusetts voters were bussed into New Hampshire on were 'very real'
Nov. 8 voters in Manchester, N.H. (shown) may have included people who live in surrounding states and were ineligible to cast ballots
'Having worked before on a campaign in New Hampshire, I can tell you that this issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who's worked in New Hampshire,' Miller said on ABC. 'It's very real. It's very serious.'
The squabble over New Hampshire erupted this week during a closed-door White House meeting in which Trump told Ayotte he thought her close defeat – and his own loss there – was the product of voter fraud.
On election day, Nov. 8, 2016, 6,000 people registered in New Hampshire using an out-of-state driver's license Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach
Miller was sent out on Sunday to defend him.
Ayotte was in Washington as a former senator to help the Trump administration smooth Judge Neil Gorsuch's landing on Capitol Hill in advance of his Supreme Court confirmation hearing.
New Hampshire borders Vermont, Maine and Massachusetts, all of which have more liberal voting populations
Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, organized the Interstate Crosscheck Program, a cooperative 30-state initiative that compares voter registrations in an attempt to void inactive and obsolete entries as people move from place to place.
He was also on a short-list to become Homeland Security secretary in the Trump administration.
'I just got off the phone with the New Hampshire secretary of state, Bill Gardener,' Kobach told CNN anchor Kate Bolduan on Monday.
'New Hampshire is a same-day registration state. And on election day, Nov. 8, 2016, 6,000 people registered in New Hampshire using an out-of-state driver's license as their form of identification,' he said.
'Of those 6,000 – over 6,000 – just under 3,000, so just under half, used a Massachusetts driver's license.'
Former N.H. Senator Kelly Ayotte (right) heard President Trump say last Thursday that she may have lost her U.S. Senate seat because of voter fraud. The race was decided by just 1,017 votes
Miller got into a back-and-forth with ABC's George Stephanopoulos over new voter fraud claims Trump made to senators this week
Kobach acknowledged that 'some of those are going to be legit,' including people who moved to New Hampshire on or before Election Day. But he insisted that some in that group voted illegally in more than one state.
'We do know that a lot of people did that, and we will have data at the end of the month,' he promised.
New Hampshire election law permits people with out-of-state ID to participate in elections if they attest that they maintain a 'domicile' in the state – meaning 'an intent to maintain a single continuous presence.'
Poll workers, however, do not ask for proof.
Bolduan insisted that Kobach's pending analysis doesn't yet support Miller's claim that 'thousands' actually committed voter fraud by being bussed across a state line.
'Voter registration programs does not equal fraudulent votes,' she said, calling Republican alarms 'irresponsible.'
'It's like the Yeti. you can keep talking about it, but you're not going to find it,' Bolduan declared.
Kobach responded that some voter fraud likely took the form of mail-in votes from Massachusetts residents who had traveled north nine months earlier for campaign work during the New Hampshire Primary season.
And he disclosed that as the chief law enforcement officer in Kansas, he has prosecuted criminal voter-fraud cases.
Kobach says he has prosecuted 9 cases of voter fraud so far; he organizes a 30-state project that compares voter registration databases
'I just got that prosecutorial authority a year and a half ago. We've already filed nine cases, and we have six guilty pleas,' Kobach said, noting that Kansas is a small state. 'And the nine cases are just the ones at the top of the list.'
President Donald Trump has made repeated claims about widespread voter fraud, suggesting it numbered in the millions and cost him a symbolic popular-vote victory in November.
The White House has provided no evidence to the Federal Election Commission to support that claim. Trump has promised to sign an executive order aimed at determining the size of the problem.
Miller told ABC on Sunday that 'many, many highly qualified people, like Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, have looked deeply into this issue and have confirmed it to be true and have put together evidence.'
'And I suggest you invite Kris Kobach onto your show and he can walk you through some of the evidence of voter fraud in greater detail,' he told 'This Week' host George Stephanopoulos.
'We should stop the presses and as a country we should be aghast about the fact that you have people who have no right to vote in this country registered to vote, canceling out the franchise of lawful citizens of this country,' Miller continued. 'That's the story we should be talking about!'
'And I'm prepared to go on any show, anywhere, any time, and repeat it and say the President of the United States is correct, 100 percent,' he said.
One of the least controversial statements we can make about the Penguins this year is that Rob Scuderi has struggled. Whether looking at goals, shots, Corsi or Fenwick, every metric we have indicates that Scuderi was not playing good hockey. While this is concerning, it becomes even more worrisome given his contract. Scuderi is currently 35 years old and signed for three more years with an AAV of $3.375 million. The chances of Scuderi getting better as he nears 40 are pretty low, so it's imperative that the Penguins either try to fix the problem or find a way to get rid of him.
I'm specifically looking at two things in this article. First, I want to see how Scuderi performed in his last two years with the Kings. Second, I want to catalog all of the evidence from this year that highlights just how much trouble Scuderi has had. I want to see if the problem is merely how the Penguins are using Scuderi, or whether he's just deteriorating at a faster rate than anyone anticipated.
Scuderi's Previous Two Seasons with the Kings
Scuderi is a pretty one-dimensional player. In his last two years with the Kings, he had only 21 points in 130 games. While he had average even strength minutes, he saw a ton of time on the PK and had virtually no presence on the powerplay. So in looking at Scuderi's numbers with the Kings, I'm going to focus on even strength usage and linemates. The reason for this is because I suspect that the Kings were doing a decent job sheltering Scuderi and pairing him with their elite players during even strength play.
Below is a chart looking at Scuderi's possession numbers, offensive zone start percentage (OZS%), and quality of competition with the Kings. His rank among the King's defensemen is in parentheses next to each statistic:
CF% CF% rel OZS% QoC 2011-2012 52.9% (6th out of 7) -2.8% (6th) 48.1% (6th) 28.8% (2nd) 2012-2013 51% (6th out of 6) -8.6% (6th) 49% (6th) 28.8% (2nd)
From this we get a picture of Rob Scuderi playing the tough minutes. He had one of the lowest offensive zone start percentages among Kings d-men, and he was always facing tough competition. But Scuderi's possession numbers reflected his tough usage--he was one of the worst possession players on the Kings and at the bottom among Kings defensemen. Yet being the worst on the Kings means a CF% still north of 50%, which is really good. The reality is that any defenseman who can play tough minutes like these and come out with a CF% like Scuderi's is playing some really good hockey. So naturally the question then becomes: was Scuderi driving play or was he being carried by his linemates?
To figure this out we can look at with or without you (WOWY) stats to see who Scuderi spent the most time with and how he played when he was away from them. In 2011-2012, Scuderi spent the overwhelming majority of his ice time paired with All-Star Drew Doughty and the forward line of Dustin Brown, Anze Kopitar, and Justin Williams. To give you an idea of how tilted this was, Scuderi spent nearly 990 even strength minutes skating with Doughty; the next closest defenseman he shared ice time with was Jack Johnson at 260 minutes. Likewise, Scuderi shared the ice with Kopitar, Brown, and Williams for more than 400 minutes for each player; only two other forwards on the team had more than 300 minutes of ice time with Scuderi.
Given that he spent so much time with this group, the chart below looks at how Scuderi's CF% changed when he was not on the ice with these players (please click all images to enlarge them):
Too obvious to miss. Scuderi had significantly worse possession numbers when he was away from each of these players. The difference in his play away from Doughty is itself pretty startling. So far it looks like Kopitar and Doughty were propping up Scuderi.
As a bit of a sanity check, I want to look at how each of these players did, in terms of CF%, when they were away from Scuderi. If they were truly carrying him, then we'd expect them to have much better numbers when they weren't sharing ice with Scuds. The graph below contains the numbers.
Same story. All four of these guys are doing much better when they're away from Scuderi. The conclusion is really two sides of the same coin: this group was carrying Scuderi and making him look better than he really was, and they were performing much better (closer to their elite level) when Scuderi wasn't on the ice with them. And this reverberated throughout LA's lineup: of the 16 skaters who spent more than 100 minutes of even strength ice time with Scuds in 2011-2012, 14 of them had a higher CF% away from him.
The story for the following season in LA was similar. Scuderi spent most of his time with the Kopitar-Brown-Williams line, but this year he was paired with Slava Voynov for most of the season. To see if he was still being carried by his teammates, lets look at Scuderi's CF% with and without these players.
Similar but not identical to the previous year. While Scuderi's possession numbers crater when he's away from the Kopitar line, this time he sees an uptick in CF% when he gets away from Slava Voynov. This is less surprising since Voynov isn't as good as Doughty. But to really see if it was Scuderi weighing Voynov down or vice versa, we'll again look at how all of these teammates did when they weren't skating with Scuderi.
Not only are the forwards doing much better away from Scuderi, but Voynov's numbers skyrocket. Relative to Scuderi's minor bump up when he's away from Voynov, the massive difference in play from Slava suggests that it was Scuderi who was bringing that pairing down. And this again was true throughout LA's lineup -- all 14 skaters who shared at least 100 minutes of even strength ice time with Scuderi in 2012-2013 saw higher CF% numbers away from Scuderi.
Overall, Scuderi skated tough minutes in LA and put up good possession numbers, but he did so while being flanked by elite players. Doughty and Kopitar are two of the best in the league at their respective positions, and they were good enough to cover for Scuderi's deficiencies. If anyone was paying attention or checking out this data, they should have seen that Scuderi wasn't driving play; he was truly a passenger on a very talented team.
I don't take this evidence to suggest that Scuderi can't cut it in the NHL anymore. But these are not numbers which scream "please sign this 35 year old guy to a four-year deal worth $13.5 million."
Scuderi Returns to Pittsburgh
Scuderi hasn't played well for the Penguins, and whether you're into goal-based stats or shot-based measurements, everything we have indicates that Scuderi has been making this team worse.
If you're into counting goals, you'd note that Scuderi finished this year a minus 8, which bested only Sutter, Pyatt, and Adams. Moreover, Scuderi had a Goals For % of 43.8%, one of the worst percentages on the team. And he only had four points in 53 games during the regular season.
We can dig deeper though by looking at Scuderi's possession metrics with the Penguins. Below is a chart indicating his possession numbers and usage during the regular season (with rankings among Penguins defensemen).
CF% CF% rel OZS% Qoc 2013-2014 43.9% (8th out of 9) -6.4% (9th) 50.8% (3rd) 28.7% (4th)
There are two big differences here compared to his time in LA. First, his possession numbers are real bad. Second, he's being used in easier situations. Scuderi had pretty cushy starts this year (for reference, Orpik had the toughest starts at 45.4%), and he was on the bench while Orpik and Martin were facing the other team's top competition. The fact that he saw his possession numbers drop while playing easier minutes is concerning.
To see if this was his fault, we should look at WOWY stats for this year. Below is a chart looking at the CF% for those players who shared at least 150 minutes of even strength ice time with Scuderi.
Lord have mercy. All 11 skaters saw their CF% numbers increase when they weren't being held down by Scuderi. This is in common with his time in LA: nearly every skater with the Kings saw a bump in possession when they took shifts that didn't include Scuderi. But Doughty, Voynov, and Kopitar were enough to prop up Scuderi, whereas there doesn't seem to be an answer in Pittsburgh. I think this is a product of two things. First, Scuderi is a year older and his skills are deteriorating. His numbers dropped in LA from 2011-2012 to 2012-2013, and we're simply seeing the latest drop this year.
The second reason is that we don't have the personnel to hide Scuderi like LA did. For one, we don't have a Drew Doughty (though Paul Martin is pretty close). Maybe Scuderi does better if he's paired with Martin, but we already had the Orpik-Martin shutdown pairing that was very effective, so there was little reason to disrupt their chemistry. Moreover, we don't have a dominant defensive forward like Kopitar. Sure, Crosby and Malkin are better in their own right, but the Penguins offense relies more on Crosby and Malkin than the Kings offense relied on Kopitar. So if Scuderi weighed Kopitar down, they were better suited to deal with it since they were a deeper team. With a top-heavy unit like ours, we simply can't have Malkin or Crosby being consistently held back by Scuderi since Tanner Glass and Taylor Pyatt won't make up the difference.
Bylsma is well aware of Scuderi's struggles. Below is a graph showing Scuderi's game-by-game ice time up through the Olympic break.
It's clear that as time went on, the coaches lost confidence in Scuderi and gave him less ice time. The Penguins were without Martin and Letang once the Olympics ended, so everyone on the blue line (including Scuderi) saw a bump in ice time throughout the rest of the season.
Yet despite the initial bump, we again see a trendline with a negative slope, as Scuderi saw diminishing ice time as the season came to a close. Indeed, once healthy bodies started returning, Bylsma cut back on Scuderi's ice time.
Scuderi in the 2014 Playoffs
Some people have suggested that Scuderi's struggles in the regular season didn't matter because we got him for the playoffs. The argument supposedly went that Scuderi's game was better suited for the style of play in the playoffs, and that he would morph back into The Piece™ once the postseason started. Nothing of the sort happened. Instead, the increased speed and intensity of the playoffs have only exacerbated Scuderi's weaknesses and laid bare the fundamental problems with his game.
In nine games this postseason, Scuderi has 0 points and is a minus 2 (worst among Penguins defensemen). What's worse is that he's been a train wreck in terms of shot attempts. The chart below includes his possession numbers in the playoffs and ranks him among Pens defensemen (stats current through game 3 of the NYR series).
CF% CF% rel OZS% QoC 2013-2014 Playoffs 45.5% (7th out of 7) -11.9% (7th) 51.9% (5th) 28.7% (4th)
Nothing surprising here. Bylsma continues to give Scuderi easy minutes but he responds by getting hemmed in his own zone like no other defenseman on the team. The worst display of this was in game 3 of the New York Rangers series. Looking at all situations in that game (PP, PK, EV), New York had a CF% of 85.7% when Scuderi was on the ice. When Scuderi was off the ice, New York only had a CF% of 54.1%. Tough to imagine that's even possible.
***
Scuderi left Pittsburgh on the highest of high notes in 2009. Leaving to play on the west coast meant few Penguins fans saw him play on a regular basis once in LA. Perhaps this time away from watching him play led some to think he would be a sort of savior to our defense, or at least the glue that we were sorely missing. After more than 50 games back in a Penguins uniform, it's clear what the Penguins brought back: an aging defenseman who has trouble skating and handling the puck, and who can't help his team unless he's propped up by elite players. Teams that want to contend for the Cup can't pay $3.3 million a year to guys like that.
Though it would entail admitting he was wrong, Shero needs to find a way to either trade or buyout Scuderi this summer. The Penguins will be better off in the future if he does so.
A hacktivist who goes by the name Hardcore Charlie has posted thousands of internal documents he claims to have obtained by hacking Beijing-based China National Import & Export Corp (CEIEC), a major company that holds Chinese government defense contracts. The documents range from internal business memos to U.S. military transport data, including many related to the U.S. war effort in Afghanistan, according to the hacker.
Hardcore Charlie made the announcement in two pastes on Pastebin (Part 1 and Part 2). In the first, he offered a preview consisting of 14 documents on Photobucket and introduced his leak with the following message:
Hola comradezz, Today us prezenta recently owneed chino military kontraktor CEIEC, Us be shoked porque their s***** was packed with goodiez cummin froma SEND USA Military brigadezz in Afghanistan, them lulz hablando mucho puneta about sam slit eyed dudz in Vietnam and Philiez doing bizness in Ukraine and Russia selling goodiez to Taliban terrorists. Us dedikate this reliz in honor of those Fallen, remember them!
This was followed by uploads to DepositFiles. The first paste included a 277.78 MB archive titled "CEIECOWNED_PT1.rar." The second paste included a 228.03 MB archive titled PTSC_VIETNAM_PT6.rar as well as a 2.88 MB archive titled "DOD_UKR_SYRIA_TB.rar." A quick look at these archives makes it very difficult to validate the authenticity of the documents, as there are thousands of them.
The following message was in the second paste:
Departamenta of DeFENCE - You mil people are f***** up coz you still did nothing and your cargo informations still being transmitted by chinos to hiepthai at Petrovietnam and forwarded to syrian bastedz to supply russian and ukrain terrorists in transit, You wont even admit that it is your stuff that the slit eyes pwn so f*** you and your censorship.
Here are some of the select tweets Hardcore Charlie sent out announcing his hack:
CHINA military contractor CEIEC owneed like hell ! US military escort charts exposed to Taliban. Retweet this s*** http://pastebin.com/ctLbRKVL @YourAnonNews Brothers! Our debute reliz http://pastebin.com/ctLbRKVL US Military escort in Afghanistan exposed by China CEIEC. Retweet please. @YourAnonNews Including China Electronics IMPEXP Corp @Ned_MzH @Asher_Wolf @AJEnglish China operations in Ukraine Copper deals Taliban US army info CEIEC pwn 2. DOD fresh mil info, Petrovietnam chino com PWND http://pastebin.com/XHYkv1CD Retweet this sheed. We are legion! @loveuavik @AnonymousChina CEIEC pwnd2. Fresh US army docs sent to VN Ukraine and Russia. http://pastebin.com/XHYkv1CD OWN CHINA Retweet thiSS***!
Hardcore Charlie describes himself as a 40-year-old Hispanic man who lives in a country close to the U.S., according to Reuters. He claims he doesn't have strong political leanings, but says he is concerned the Chinese company has access to material about U.S. military operations. He also noted hinted he has plans to hack other Chinese companies.
Update at 12:15 AM: CEIEC has denied the hacker's claims. "The information reported is totally groundless, highly subjective and defamatory. It is believed that rumors stop at wiser," a CEIEC spokesperson said in a statement. "In the past 32 years, CEIEC, strictly abiding by the law of China, complying with international principles and customs and sticking to honest operation, has won the respect and honor from people of all fields, including the media. At the present, illegal attack has become a big threat to the Internet security, and the collusion of hacking and defamation challenges the social morality and law. While it is believed that the media and netizen with strong sense of social responsibility are able to distinguish between right and wrong, so the Internet justice and security could be maintained. CEIEC reserves the right to take legal action against the relevant responsible individuals and institutions."
See also:
At one extreme were the bearded elders versed in the works of Mikhail Bakunin and Peter Kropotkin. At the other were the punk anarchists with pierced noses and partly shaven heads highlighted with fluorescent streaks, versed in the works of Sid Vicious and Johnny Rotten.
''Punk took on anarchy without any sense of the history,'' said Mr. Cain, speaking of the younger faction. ''A lot of people think anarchism started 10 years ago with the Sex Pistols.''
To provide a sense of the movement, more than 100 workshops were set up at the conference, including history, philosophy, culture, sexuality and the environment. Beginners could attend the workshop ''Anarchy 101.'' In Defense of Organization
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
While something as organized as a convention might seem an unlikely event for anarchists, Mr. Cain insists that anarchists are not anti-organizational. Rather, he said, it is the egalitarian nature of their organizing that distinguishes them.
The conference guidebook, in addition to providing descriptions of the workshops, also offered helpful information on where to eat and what to do if arrested. Sightseeing highlights listed in the guide included the intersection where the police shot three protesters in a general strike in 1932, the site of a bomb explosion on War Preparedness Day in 1916 that led to the suppression of the anarchist movement in this city, and the home of Mary Eleanor Fitzgerald and Alexander Bergman, publishers of the anarchists' magazine ''The Blast.''
This year's conference was the fourth annual one to be held in North America. In 1986, 300 people gathered in Chicago to mark the 100th anniversary of the Haymarket bombings, which killed seven policemen and resulted in the execution of four anarchists. Since then, the conventions have grown, with more than 1,500 participants this year.
While those at this year's conference disagreed about what anarchism is, they did agree that they shared a distaste for the state and a belief in direct action. (While a liberal would write his Congressman in opposition to the arms race, an anarchist would set blockades at the factory, explained Jim Squatter, a participant.) One reason for the disparate concepts of anarchism is the different routes that have led people into the movement. Many have come to it through causes like the anti-nuclear struggle, the women's movement or the gay liberation movement. ''Anarchism is the bastard child of failed liberal values,'' reflected Patrick Hughes, one of those here.
Standing in torn jeans and worn sandals, with silver streaks in his flowing hair and beard, Antar Kaba, who traveled from the West Indies to attend the conference, reflected on the week's events.
Riot or not, Mr. Kaba said, ''this is not anarchism to me.'' He added: ''They don't want you to go naked here and they don't want you to smoke pot here. But it's been great.''
Maurices' new headquarters offers sweeping views of downtown Duluth, Lake Superior and the Aerial Lift Bridge. The new headquarters, in the western half of downtown Duluth, will be 11 stories high, will span an entire city block and will represent the largest private investment in the city's history.
A new 11-story office tower rising above Duluth this summer will be the largest downtown commercial development in the city's history.
But the $80 million project has nothing to do with the region's economic mainstays of mining, shipping, tourism or health care. Instead, it will be the new headquarters of a women's fashion retailer.
With 425 employees spread among four downtown buildings, Maurices is bursting at the seams in the downtown area. Its new home will cement its presence in Duluth, Minnesota's capital of fleece and flannel.
But the company isn't just growing there.
Over the past 10 years Maurices has more than doubled its number of stores in the United States and Canada to 945 and by spring aims to have 1,000. The company now has 9,000 employees.
Maurices president, George Goldfarb Derek Montgomery for MPR News
In the past decade, sales have grown from less than $400 million annually to $1 billion this year, CEO George Goldfarb said.
"It's not the fashion capital of the world in Duluth, but I will tell you that we have great people," Goldfarb said. "It's really a strong workforce."
Maurices dates back to 1931, when Maurice and Ella Labovitz started a clothing shop in downtown Duluth. The company was privately held until 2005, when it was purchased by Dressbarn. It is now part of Ascena Retail Group, which also owns Lane Bryant. In May, Ascena Retail Group announced a deal to buy Ann Inc., Ann Taylor's parent company, for $2.16 billion.
One of the things that distinguishes Maurices from other brands is its presence in small to medium-sized markets where other players do not have stores. In Minnesota, that means cities like Albert Lea and Brainerd.
In Duluth, Maurices has a store at the Miller Hill Mall, where 24-year-old Nikki Lindholm goes for deals like the pair of shoes she found last week.
"They were only $7, so I was pretty excited about that," she said. "I love shoes."
Lindholm also likes how Maurices offers sizes that fit pretty much everyone.
"I like to shop at Express a lot too, but a problem I have with their clothes is their biggest size will probably fit like an 8-year-old," she said. "[In] this store they have clothes that fit any type of body size, so I appreciate that."
Goldfarb said his stores have a unique customer niche — women in their mid-20s to 30s who want to shop at an outlet that appeals to their varied lifestyles with clothes for work or play.
The focus on larger sizes sets Maurices and other Ascena brands apart from competitors, said Poonam Goyal, a senior retail analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence.
"They have a really unique place in the marketplace, and that's what's driving their growth," Goyal said. "If you look at apparel in general in the U.S., the category has not been growing. But Ascena has, including Maurices."
That shows how much the market they cater to is underserved, she said.
Erin Stern, chief merchant at Maurices Derek Montgomery for MPR News
At the company's "mock store" in its corporate offices, a visitor will see a setup that looks nearly identical to the real store at the mall. But it displays clothing that won't be in stores for another couple months, said Erin Stern, the company's chief merchandising officer.
Stern, who splits her time between Duluth and Los Angeles, cut her teeth in the retail industry at The Gap. She said Maurices benefits by being based in Duluth.
"If you're sitting in a place like Manhattan or Los Angeles and there is a lot of noise ... you're constantly surrounded by your competitors," she said. "And you're constantly thinking about the things that you're not doing."
From its base in Duluth, Stern said, Maurices can stay focused on its customers who live in similar towns.
"We're in a community that exactly mirrors the communities our stores are in," she said. "We live the life here that our customer's living."
When the new headquarters opens in April, with giant glass windows overlooking Lake Superior, it could help the company recruit employees to Duluth, which many might consider a frigid northern outpost.
Anne-marie Stojevich, associate vice president of visual at Maurices, talks about an upcoming product the retailer will be offering, at the company's mock store in Duluth. Derek Montgomery for MPR News
Ann-marie Stojevich, the company's associate vice president of visual, said about half her team is from Minnesota. The rest come from around the country.
"They fall in love with the lake [and] they fall in love with the environment of downtown," said Stojevich, who oversees the layout of Maurices stores. "When they come into the corporate office and start meeting people, that's when we seal the deal."
SitRep: U.S. Military Leaders Heading to Seoul, Considering New Missiles, Nukes
By Paul McLeary with Adam Rawnsley
More missiles, nukes on the table in South Korea. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Joseph Dunford landed in Seoul, South Korea on Thursday, where he'll discuss efforts to bolster the country's military capabilities. Included on the list are better ballistic missile defenses and reintroducing tactical nuclear weapons to the peninsula. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is slated to arrive in the country later this week to continue the discussions.
Listen to Pyongyang. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Pil says he wasn't kidding last month when he said his country's leader, Kim Jong-un, is interested in conducting an atmospheric thermonuclear test, telling CNN that he is “very well aware of the intentions of our supreme leader, so I think you should take his words literally.”
New Pentagon missile plans. All of this talk of ballistic missiles and nuclear tests comes as the Pentagon is wrapping up a months-long study of its ballistic missile defense capabilities, the first soup-to-nuts review since 2010.
The report promises to be the Trump administration's first stab at reshaping a critical area of defense spending for years to come. FP's Paul McLeary writes that “the review will not only focus on existing programs, but also take stock of new threats posed by Iran, North Korea, and the changing nuclear and ballistic missile posture of both Russia and China.” President Trump has promised to spend billions more on ballistic missile defense, and the Pentagon recently asked Congress for $440 million in emergency funding the bulk up missile defense programs.
Pentagon looking to expand drone war. The United States is considering using armed drones in Niger as part of existing plans to step up the American involvement in battling Islamic State and al Qaeda elements in the country. The plans were under way before the Oct. 4 ambush on American and Nigerien troops that left four Americans dead, NBC News reports.
That mission started out as a routine reconnaissance patrol, but changed after the Special Forces team was instructed to assist what intel officials tell NBC was “a joint U.S.-French intelligence collection unit, working with Nigerien forces, that had been gathering information on terrorist organizations in Niger.” That team had been using an unarmed Reaper drone, which was rushed to the site of the ambush within minutes of the first team's call for help.
Commander in chiefing. The president washed his hands of any association with the incident on Wednesday when asked if he authorized the mission. “No, I didn't, not specifically,” he told reporters on the south lawn of the White House.
“I have generals that are great generals,” he said. “I gave them authority to do what's right so that we win. My generals and my military, they have decision-making ability. As far as the incident that we're talking about, I've been seeing it just like you've been seeing it. I've been getting reports.”
Rewind. The comments recall those Trump made in the opening days of his presidency after U.S. Navy SEAL Senior Chief Petty Officer William “Ryan” Owens was killed in Yemen while on a mission Trump did sign off on.
The mission “was started before I got here,” the president explained. “This was something that was, you know, just — [the military] wanted to do,” Trump said. “ And they came to see me and they explained what they wanted to do, the generals…and they lost Ryan.”
France getting after it. The French military, who responded to the ambushes on Oct. 4 with jets and ground forces, says it killed 15 Islamic militants in Mali near the Niger border on Wednesday using a combination of Mirage jets, attack helicopters and troops on the ground. France has around 4,000 troops in the region as part of Operation Barkhane, where they work alongside 10,000 U.N. peacekeepers in Mali.
Welcome to SitRep. As always, please send any tips, thoughts or national security events to paul.mcleary@foreignpolicy.com or via Twitter: @paulmcleary.
Et tu, Vlad? President Trump issued a rare critique of Russia on Wednesday for being unhelpful in dealing with North Korea, saying “China is helping us and maybe Russia's going through the other way and hurting what we're getting” from Pyongyang. Russian President Vladimir Putin has repeatedly taken issue with U.S. efforts to isolate the North over its recent missile tests and Russian officials have publicly doubted U.S. estimates of North Korean missile capabilities.
Trump, however, was more effusive in his praise of Chinese President Xi Jinping, telling Fox that “some might call him king of China” and “people say we have the best relationship of any president-president, because he's called president also.”
Turkey. Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Robert Menendez (D-NJ) drafted a bipartisan letter to President Trump signed by a dozen senate colleagues urging the president to take a tougher line on Turkey for its “continuing erosion of human rights and decline of democratic values.” The senators singled out the arrest of Turkish staff at a U.S. consulate in Turkey, as well as Turkey's prosecution in absentia of Wall Street Journal reporter Ayla Albayrak as examples of Ankara's apparent authoritarian slide.
Kurdistan. Employees at some of Iraqi Kurdistan's largest oilfields ditched their uniforms and split when they heard that Shia militias, emboldened by threats against the Kurdish independence referendum from Iran's Qods Force chief Qasem Soleimani, were on their way to take control of the lucrative facilities. The abandonment of the fields has cost Kurdistan nearly $200 million and left Iraqi forces struggling to reopen them without the passwords to access critical systems.
Smack talk. Despite the offer of mediation, Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi that Iraq shouldn't rely on American help to defuse the crisis over Kurdish independence, telling the visiting Iraq leader “Don't trust America…it will harm you in the future.”
Referees. The “United States—and I think coalition forces as well—are more than willing to help with disengagement and trying to figure out what the next step will be” in Iraq, an anonymous U.S. military source tells the Wall Street Journal, adding that coalition troops could be used as a buffer between Kurdish and Iraqi forces.
Sanctions. The U.S. and a coalition of Gulf countries led by Saudi Arabia have unveiled a joint package of sanctions against the Yemeni affiliates of the Islamic State and al Qaeda in what Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin called “the largest ever multilateral designation in the Middle East.”
Navy. Don't hold your breath waiting on the U.S. Navy to reach its 355 ship goal, because acting Under Secretary of the Navy Thomas Dee says the service probably won't get there until at least “mid century.” USNI News reports that Dee discounted other estimates that the Navy could reach its fleet size goal faster, saying that the inability for the service to receive reliable budgets because of Congress's penchant for budget caps and continuing resolutions.
ISIS Returnees. Dick Schoof, the Netherlands' counterterrorism chief, came to D.C. with a message: the fall of Raqqa isn't the end of the Islamic State. Chief among his concerns is the return of foreign fighters: women who make it back to Dutch territory will be treated as criminals, (“women don't do only the cooking” in the ISIS, he said), whereas children under the age of nine will be considered victims. Children between nine and 16 will receive counseling.
French DARPA? French president Emmanuel Macron said last month that Europe should have its own Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. And viola! Florence Parly, the French defense minister, visited DARPA's headquarters during her recent trip to Washington, D.C., the French Embassy confirmed. The minister also visited the Pentagon's secretive Strategic Capabilities Office. Past European Union efforts to centralize military research have faltered, but proponents of a “Euro DARPA” are hoping it works out this time around.
Kaspersky on the Outs. Sen. Claire McCaskill (D – Mo.) Tuesday requested answers from the Department of Homeland Security regarding the agency's September order that all executive branch agencies remove Kaspersky Lab products from their systems. The firm has been tied to Russian hackers' 2015 theft of “classified documents or tools” from the NSA, the Intercept reported Monday. The DoD announced this week it was removing Kaspersky Lab software from its systems.
Bulgarian ‘Misunderstanding' or ‘Mutiny'? Bulgaria's Defense Minister Krassimir Karakachanov is trying to dispel the notion that the country's Air Force pilots staged a mutiny. He held a news conference this week after reports that pilots refused to fly due to “safety concerns and low morale sparked by delays in the acquisition of new fighter jets.” At issue are Soviet-era MiG-29s still flown by the air force. For Karakachanov, it was simply a “‘misunderstanding.”
Sick Pilots. F-35A pilots at Luke Air Force Base are continuing to experience symptoms of hypoxia (“a lack of oxygen in the blood”) Aviation Week reports. F-35s were grounded at the base this summer in reaction to similar episodes, but the incidents have persisted since pilots took back to the skies. The Air Force hasn't figured it out, but suggests it is likely not actually hypoxia, since, in recent cases, “initiating the backup oxygen system did not immediately ease the pilots' symptoms.”
Subs. The USS South Dakota, the latest in the Virginia class of submarines, is ready to set sail, billed as one of the most advanced submarines in the U.S. fleet for its stealth capabilities.
May her reign be just. New Zealand now has a First Cat, Paddles, the adopted cat of newly-elected Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, with the polydactyl feline's Twitter account becoming a growing Internet sensation.
FP's Sharon Weinberger and John Kester contributed to this report.
For a health practice that planned to help about 200 refugees a year, the Transitional Clinic for Refugees in Halifax has surpassed all expectations in just two short months.
Since January, 692 government-assisted Syrian refugees have been assessed by medical staff at the clinic, which opened on Mumford Road last May.
"It's been a really positive experience, though very busy," said registered nurse Ashley Sharpe.
"Folks who are just arriving, we do an initial post-arrival health assessment, a general check-up to see how well folks are, if there are any medical needs that need following up or investigation."
The post-arrival assessment can also include minor procedures, vaccines, vision and dental screening. The exams are extensive, according to Graeme Kohler, the clinic's manager.
"We book them generally about a half an hour per person, so if it's a family of five, we would book it for 2½ hours," he said.
Doctors' schedules vary
Graeme Kohler, manager of the Transitional Clinic for Refugees in Halifax, says post-arrival assessments are extensive and often require several hours for large families.
There is a rotation of 18 physicians at the clinic, however their schedules are sporadic.
"It varies month to month. Some are away working up north and then they're back home for a while, so they're more available during those times," Kohler said.
"Some of our physicians work locum shifts, which means they'll cover someone else's practice when they're away on vacation. It's really individual and depends on the individual physicians."
Added to the complex scheduling is the availability of local interpreters.
"The majority of our patients have interpreters, of course, and therefore we try to book in-person interpretation if possible, which means the interpreter is actually in the room," said Kohler.
When medically trained interpreters aren't available, the clinic uses a phone service paid for by the Nova Scotia Health Authority.
Transition period
The Transitional Clinic for Refugees has set a timeline of two years to help new refugees adjust to Halifax before sending them to another clinic.
"Is two years right? We don't know. It's our starting point. It's what our experts guessed would be the right timeline to start with, so that's what we started with and we continue to figure out how to move forward," said Kohler.
He says the one thing his staff know for sure is that refugees coming to Halifax need medical care beyond the initial assessment.
"Just because they've arrived now, it doesn't mean that their health-care needs discontinue. It will take us a period of time to help settle these patients into community family practices," he said.
"Ultimately we want to transition them to what will be their health home, which would be having a family doctor or nurse practitioner or primary care team looking after their needs on an ongoing basis."
Rescue crews said that one person died Saturday evening after a water rescue attempt.
Devon Clark, 20, was found in a body of water near apartments off of Runaway Bay Drive at about 5:30 p.m., 10TV News reported.
Police said Clark jumped into a quarry, but never came back up.
"One of them slipped, hit their head and fell in the water, and I guess two of them dove in and tried to get him out," Columbus Fire Battalion Chief Doug Belcher said.
Belcher said even though it was a hot day, the water temperature was around 50 or 60 degrees, and hypothermia could set in.
"I had him in my arms and he was just panicking and I'm trying to hold him up so he can catch his breath," Clark's friend BJ Brown said. "I've never been underwater for that long just holding him up."
Two police officers also went into the water, wearing their uniforms, but could not save Clark.
"I saw him come out of the water. He was gray," Brown said. "They pulled the sheet over him."
Clark was taken to The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead.
Several quarries are filled with water near Runaway Bay Drive, which is between McKinley Avenue and Dublin Road.
Two years ago, Hilliard football standout Rico Butler drowned in the same quarry.
The Delaware County Sheriff recently issued a warning about the dangers of jumping. He charged three teenagers after they jumped into the O'Shaughnessy Reservoir.
Watch 10TV News and refresh 10TV.com for more information.
HOMEBUYERS will be eligible for stamp duty concessions on off-the-plan apartments, anywhere in the state, for the next year.
Treasurer Tom Koutsantonis has announced that next month's state Budget will include a $7.6 million commitment to extend stamp duty concessions for off-the-plan apartments until June 30 next year.
The concession of up to $15,500 was due to expire at the end of this month.
It previously applied only to properties in the CBD and inner-city suburbs but will now be available statewide.
Mr Koutsantonis said 585 homebuyers had taken up the concession in the past year and he hoped South Australians would “rush out and take advantage” of the extension.
“Places like Lights View ... like Tonsley ... places throughout regional South Australia will now become eligible,” he said.
“At the off-the-plan stage, before any construction, you get the full amount (of the concession).
“The concession wears down for apartments that are already built because we're trying to stimulate as much (construction) activity as possible.
“It's important that people who want to get in and buy an apartment sign up quickly because the Government will be withdrawing this concession on July 1 next year.”
The property sector has welcomed the move.
Mr Koutsantonis said the Budget, to be delivered on July 7 in the week following the federal election, would be “all about jobs”.
“We have an unacceptable level of unemployment,” he said of the current 6.8 per cent rate.
“We need to create jobs. We need to do more.”
media_camera Homebuyers will be eligible for stamp duty concessions on off-the-plan apartments, anywhere in the state, for the next year. Picture: Thinkstock
The Advertiser revealed today that the Government would also extend the small business payroll tax rebate, which was due to expire at the end of this month, until 2020.
It will deliver payroll tax relief of up to $9800 a year for SA businesses with a payroll of $1.2 million or less.
Mr Koutsantonis said the extension would encourage employment growth but Opposition Leader Steven Marshall argued it only maintained the status quo and was unlikely to encourage employers to create jobs.
Mr Marshall called on Mr Koutsantonis to rule out introducing any new fees, charges or taxes.
“Payroll tax relief is a good start, but the Government cannot give with one hand and take with the other by introducing new taxes in the state Budget,” he said.
“The Weatherill Labor Government must not follow their (interstate) Labor counterparts' lead and introduce new taxes here in South Australia.”
However, Mr Koutsantonis said he would not “play the rule-in, rule-out game”.
Responding to the stamp duty concession extension, Property Council of Australia SA executive director Daniel Gannon said it would further stimulate the property and construction sector.
“Any assistance for first home buyers is a housing affordability measure at a time when affordability is becoming out of reach,” Mr Gannon said.
“While residential stamp duty abolition is the end game, this announcement is a positive step in the right direction for developers and buyers.
“After all, stamp duty on residential property transfers has increased by 537 per cent since 1995, which makes it harder for young people to get into the market and discourages older South Australians from downsizing.”
Master Builders SA chief executive officer Ian Markos said his organisation had been calling for such an extension in pre-Budget submissions over a number of years.
“There is no doubt that the concessions have helped trigger new activity for South Australia's building and construction industry, so extending that same concession throughout Adelaide is a welcome development,” Mr Markos said.
“Cutting stamp duty also provides a significant boost to affordability (because) buyers aren't borrowing to pay a tax, and then paying interest on those borrowings.”
Urban Development Institute of Australia SA executive director Pat Gerace said the expansion of the concession would “allow more choice for those who are downsizing or trying to get into the market but don't want to live in the city”.
“These stamp duty concessions will make apartment properties more affordable and help more
homebuyers into the market,” Mr Gerace said.
Former Texas Congressman Ron Paul was not the perfect antiwar candidate sent down from above, but you would be forgiven for thinking so if you compare the 2008 and 2012 presidential races to the 2016 one.
Ron Paul was not without fault (early immigration fearmongering, the vote for the Afghanistan Authorization for Use of Military Force) but he was the rare politician who got better and more interested in peace and freedom the longer he stayed in office. The 2012 election was basically a victory lap for him, but one that involved the vital message of peace and nonintervention. There's a reason that he's so beloved, and that YouTube videos with titles that call Paul a seer for predicting more terrorist attacks on the US back in 1998 are amusingly common.
And though he's never been as purely principled in rhetoric, Rand Paul is still much closer to his dad than he is to the rest of the political masses.
How can you tell? The Rand Paul-shaped hole on stage on Thursday night left quite an impression. The Pauls have a special gift for changing the conversation, if only enough that the rest of the candidates have uncomfortably acknowledged the arguments raised. Other candidates echoed Ron Paul's anti-Fed stance in his debates. And Rand Paul's relatively early push for criminal justice reform has not been given its due credit thanks to the stampede of politicians who now want us to know they were always for fixing the system (even if they spent decades in DC perpetuating it).
Rand Paul is incredibly frustrating. He has made moves to pander towards hawks and their supporters, which has resulted in the alienation of his libertarian and antiwar supporters. Naturally, the hawks still think Rand is an isolationist dove on his most Israeli-pandering, bomb-supporting day. And if you're for open borders – or simply think that the US owes something to refugees from nations we helped destroy – Rand has been extremely unsatisfactory there, especially lately.
And he's still miles better than anyone else being offered the job.
During both the “kids table” debate starring former Hewlett-Packer CEO Carly Fiorina, former Sen. Rick Santorum, and former Gov. Mike Huckabee (where Rand was supposed to be) and during the “serious” one starring the big candidates, not one anti-interventionist sentiment was expressed. Nor was the Fourth Amendment or the right to privacy defended. Fiorina and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie took particular umbrage at the recent restrictions placed on the National Security Agency (NSA). Sen. Marco Rubio also tautologically suggested that NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden was a traitor who should be tried for treason
Sens. Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz put all their interventionist cards on the table whenever the topic of war came up. Sleepy-eyed neurosurgeon Ben Carson – who previously said he did not support the wars in Iraq or Afghanistan – jumped on the Cruz and Trump bandwagon by suggesting that the US be more unrestrained in its bombing campaigns.
Huckabee and Christie vaguely suggested that wars should be better planned when the US engages in them. Christie even said “we're not the world's policemen” but that ended with “we need to stand up and be ready.” Jeb Bush actually said the same not policeman phrase while still desperately fear mongering about the state of the world. Ohio Gov. John Kasich gamely suggested that maybe US ally Saudi Arabia also had some flaws. Former Gov. Jeb Bush suggested a peace through strength vibe, while bemoaning the many imagined military cuts America has suffered. And that was quite literally all in terms of interventionist, hawkish hesitation.
None of this is to say that Rand Paul is the antiwar candidate of our dreams when he is there, or that he didn't make several major blunders in terms of pandering to the hawks. You can find Rand viciously disappointing for all sorts of reasons while still admitting that he is better than the screeching masses who confuse chest-puffing with policy.
The candidates who mentioned the less than 24-hour period this week in which ten American sailors were detained by Iran after they drifted into their waters did so with as much hyperbole as they could muster. Cruz implied he would bomb Iran if such an incident occurred under his watch as Commander in Chief. Now, Rand Paul and similarly decent politicians such as Rep. Justin Amash were disappointingly bad on the Iran deal. However, the difference between Rand Paul discussing the detainment of the sailors versus Ted Cruz doing so is worth noticing.
In an interview with MSNBC's Chris Matthews earlier this week, Paul made some tedious comments about Iran not being “civilized” previously all the time, but he also expressed a general optimism about the good sign of progress that was Iran releasing the sailors (this was echoed by Papa Paul on his Liberty Report). Cruz would prefer “the full force and fury of the United States” as a response. Christie was horrified that Secretary of State John Kerry suggested the quick release of the soldiers was a positive thing. Fiorina precipitated this idea with her opening remarks in the kiddie debate, showing that she can bellicose with the best of the men. And in his closing statement, Trump went full melodrama, talking about “75 construction workers” shedding tears the day before over the detainment of those sailors.
All in all, it's astounding that candidates who profess to be all about toughness and strength can sound so juvenile and whiny about other nations behaving in any manner besides that of US puppet. It was a disturbing spectacle first and foremost because it lacked even a moderately anti-interventionist candidate. And though you may be disgusted with Rand Paul for good reason, he was the missing element. Especially considering his strong showings in the last several debates, in which he managed to remember he used to have principles that set him apart from the rest of his party.
No politician is free from error. The stakes in politics – as undignified as the proceedings are – are life and death, both here and abroad. Ron Paul was a stirring figure who got better the longer he was in office, thereby defying the laws of DC physics. He also made – and makes – antiwar arguments from a moral perspective. But he wasn't – and isn't – perfect.
Neither is Rand. When Rand talks antiwar, he tends to do so tentatively and often fiscally. He has made terrible choices in his support of sanctions, and in his apparent belief that hawks could be won over to his side if he became more like them. And we still need him, because Rand Paul is all we've got. When he's there, it changes the other candidates – makes them pay even brief attention to criminal justice reform and cautiousness in intervention. Without Rand on stage, the GOP is all bluster and war drums. It took him not being there to fully demonstrate how much we need Rand Paul after all.
Lucy Steigerwald is a contributing editor for Antiwar.com and a columnist for VICE.com. She previously worked as an Associate Editor for Reason magazine. She is most angry about police, prisons, and wars. Steigerwald blogs at www.thestagblog.com.
Read more by Lucy Steigerwald
(All figures in this article are taken from the actual Auction House Sold Data provided by Hex Ent., comparing the average price between March 1st – March 31st 2015 with the average price between April 1st – April 30th 2015. They are displayed from the highest to the lowest change in terms of Standard Deviations, all with a change above 0.90 Standard Deviation for Winners and above 1.40 Standard Deviation for Losers).
General Stats
6.69 million Plats was spent in April, as opposed to 5.74 million Plats spent in March, a solid 17% increase considering April had no new content.
In April, 85 cards gained value while 142 cards lost value, compared to 136 and 70 respectively in March.
In April, the average price of Rares slightly decreased from $1.10 to $1.07 (-3%) while the average price for Legendaries also decreased from $4.71 to $4.47 (-5%).
Cards that have increased in price for the 4th month in a row (=likely solid investments): Angel of Dawn, Water Elemental, Reese, Vampire King, Jadiim, Spearcliff Cloud Knight, Fist of Briggadon, Relentless Corruption, Soul Marble, Hop'Hiro, Ritualist of the Spring Litter, Uruunaz.
Biggest $ Winners and Losers vs December avg.: Reese (+$11.53), Angel of Dawn (+$8.50). Forge of Cadoc (-$4.11), Sight of the Sun (-$3.69).
Top Winners
1) Jadiim: $3.09 to $4.03 + $0.94 (+30%)
Win streak: 4 months.
2) Spearcliff Cloud Knight: $2.62 to $3.48 + $0.86 (+33%)
Win streak: 4 months.
3) Zoltog: $2.49 to $3.18 + $0.68 (+27%)
Win streak: 3 months.
4) Wild Root Dancer: $2.22 to $3.06 + $0.84 (+38%)
Win streak: 3 months.
5) Incantation of Righteousness: $0.99 to $1.52 + $0.53 (+54%)
Win streak: 2 months.
6) Angel of Dawn: $16.42 to $18.86 + $2.44 (+15%)
Biggest $ Winner. Win streak: 4 months.
7) Cerebral Fulmination: $0.92 to $1.30 + $0.39 (+42%)
Win streak: 2 months.
8) Princess Victoria: $0.90 to $1.34 + $0.43 (+48%)
Win streak: 2 months.
9) The Ancestors' Chosen: $3.30 to $4.07 + $0.77 (+23%)
Win streak: 2 months.
10) Uzume Grand Concubunny: $0.92 to $1.21 + $2.48 (+63%)
Win streak: 2 months.
11) Sliver of the Immortal Spear: $0.35 to $0.48 + $0.13 (+38%)
Win streak: 1 month.
12) The Kraken: $0.82 to $1.10 + $0.27 (+33%)
Win streak: 1 month.
Top Losers
1) Sight of the Sun: $10.93 to $7.32 – $3.62 (-33%)
Biggest $ Loser. Loss streak: 1 month.
2) Scheme: $1.73 to $0.87 – $0.86 (-50%)
Loss streak: 1 month.
3) Jank Bot: $1.13 to $0.61 – $0.52 (-46%)
Loss streak: 1 month.
4) Arborean Rootfather: $2.31 to $1.52 – $0.79 (-34%)
Loss streak: 4 months.
5) Army of the Arcane Cinder: $3.75 to $2.62 – $1.13 (-30%)
Loss streak: 2 months.
6) Talisman of Vitae: $0.46 to $0.32 – $0.13 (-29%)
Loss streak: 1 month.
7) Soul Cube: $0.65 to $0.51 – $0.14 (-22%)
Loss streak: 1 month.
8) Archon of Nulzann: $0.56 to $0.36 – $0.19 (-35%)
Loss streak: 2 months.
9) Fissuresmith: $1.03 to $0.63 – $0.41 (-39%)
Loss streak: 3 months.
10) Spearcliff Cavalier: $0.90 to $0.51 – $0.39 (-43%)
Loss streak: 1 month.
11) Zakiir: $8.54 to $7.11 – $1.44 (-17%)
Loss streak: 1 month.
12) Subtle Striker: $0.66 to $0.43 – $0.22 (-34%)
Loss streak: 1 month.
13)Total Meltdown: $0.49 to $0.32 – $0.17 (-35%)
Loss streak: 1 month.
Total Cards Sold ( Plat & Gold Sales)
Commons: 53,699 (+116%)
Uncommons: 28,804 (+94%)
Rares: 24,196 (+44%)
Legendaries: 5,985 (+33%)
Promos: 1,505 (+65%)
Top 5 Most Sold Cards ( Plat Sales)
Commons:
Crackling Bolt: 210 Construct Foreman: 199 Construction Plans: Hornet Bot: 192 Ridge Raider: 190 Burn: 142
Uncommons
Electroid: 387 Brutal Commander: 386 Fertile Engorger: 264 Mimeobot: 244 Shard of Innovation: 228
Rares
Crackling Vortex: 264 Jags the Blademaster: 230 Minion of Yazukan: 224 Azurefate Sorceress: 222 Storm Cloud: 219
Legendaries
Xocoy High Cleric: 301 Holiday: 208 Reese the Crustcrawler: 175 Tectonic Megahulk: 156 Wrathwood Master Moss: 156
Promos
Concubunny: 182 Buccaneer: 96 Murder: 91 Burn: 79 Repel: 76
Top 5 Most Sold Cards ( Gold Sales)
Burn: 396 Murder: 386 Buccaneer: 371 Evolve: 369 Mesmerize: 366
Top 5 Most Platinum Spent
Cerulean Mirror Knight AA: 325,125 Reese the Crustcrawler: 284,697 Angel of Dawn: 282,942 Vampire King: 249,261 Wrathwood Master Moss: 236,497
Top 5 Most Gold Spent
In a pink motel room just a few miles from the Zambia–Malawi border in landlocked Southeastern Africa, two European men count stacks of local currency across a floral bedspread: 10,000, 20,000, 30,000, 40,000, 50,000 Zambian kwacha, which comes out to roughly $5,000.
Images from the raid, where the Zambian, despite having one hand already cuffed, resists arrest.
A third man watches like a casino pit boss from a plastic armchair, his foot resting on a giant suitcase. He's a wealthy Zambian with a body builder's physique, gold jewelry and designer pink polo shirt. He keeps checking his phone and telling the other men to hurry up.
“I lost count again,” one of them, Matthieu, responds in a thick French accent.
All of a sudden, two plainclothes police officers storm through the doors pointing AK-47s in all directions.
Matthieu and his partner Mark, a tall lean Brit, take their cue and jump. Even with one of them on his back and a taser to his chest, the Zambian still lands several punches before slamming into the bathroom sink, knocking it off the wall with his hip. Matthieu's shirt rips during the scuffle, exposing a giant tattoo of the French Airborne Paratroopers' emblem over his heart.
“Give up! There's a whole team outside!” Mark yells.
A policeman fires a warning shot outside, and the Zambian quits resisting.
Police discover two more accomplices in the motel parking lot as they attempt to flee in a silver Corolla. One of them is merely a driver, but the other is Bridget Banda, a well-connected figure in Zambia's judicial system. The police instantly recognize her from a print-out of her WhatsApp profile photo, taken from the personal account she used to arrange the entire deal with Matthieu over months of correspondence.
Unlike the Zambian, Bridget and her driver don't resist. In handcuffs, they're led into the motel room.
Bridget Banda, who is the architect of the ivory deal, pictured with her two accomplices and the 80 pounds of ivory they intended to sell.
Matthieu finally sorts through the giant tarpaulin. One by one, he pulls out the long, tapering objects contained inside — each of which is cream-colored and caked with the rust brown of African soil, blood or both.
“Nine tusks.”
That adds up to about 80 pounds of illegal ivory, which in Hong Kong, the world's largest ivory market, will fetch nearly $40,000. There, the tusks are polished white and carved into necklaces, combs, alligators, Buddhas, and of course, elephants, before being sold in one of the hundreds of retailers across the city.
“Four and a half pairs. That's at least five dead elephants,” Mark says.
One of the tusks is smaller than the others.
“A female?”
A police officer shakes his head.
“A younger one.”
Last September, The Great Elephant Census—a research organization funded by Paul G. Allen, the internationally renowned philanthropist and co-founder of Microsoft, published the most extensive study of the African elephant to date. The report (a result of 9,700 hours of flight surveys over 18 counties) estimated a loss of 144,000 Savanna elephants in just seven years. Almost a third of the entire population had vaporized due to poaching. One of the nations hit hardest was Malawi, where Matthieu and Mark currently work.
According to the World Bank's GDP per capita ratings, Malawi is the fifth-poorest nation on the planet. Making matters worse, last year, a global El Niño brought a significant drought to Southern Africa that devastated Malawi's small agrarian economy, crippled the production of its key export (tobacco) and drove up the price of the staple of its diet (corn). It also meant fewer watering holes in the county's expansive national parks, condensing the migration of its wildlife.
So not only is poaching a tempting way to make money, it's far easier than usual, too. In Kasungu National Park, for instance, only one vast watering hole remains in the entire 900-square-mile reserve. Two large elephant families visit it around 11 a.m. every single day.
They're beyond low-hanging fruit.
It's alongside this watering hole — in a humble brick and plywood house — where Matthieu lives. When he first moved there in 2012, he could hear gunshots almost every night. The park had been left virtually unguarded for years, and the elephant population — at around 3,000 in 1970 — was down to a mere 42 animals.
His job, like Mark's, is to reverse this trend. They work as undercover agents in an elite anti-poaching unit under the leadership of former South African Special Forces Commander Mike Labuschagne, a man with a long history of military experience in African conflict zones and a reputation for toughness. In the late 1980s, he fought Cuban forces alongside guerrilla factions in Angola. (“The Cold War wasn't so cold here,” he says.) Afterward, he contracted for a number of private military operations that targeted illegal gold mines, before a friend suggested he try anti-poaching in 1992.
Mike Labuschagne
“I had to settle down, you know?” he jokes. “Had to think about a family.”
Over the years, Labuschagne ran several of the region's most successful anti-poaching units, including Operation Safe Haven with the British conservationist Mark Hiley. “He's obviously tough, but he's also something of a brilliant thinker,” Hiley says. Evidence of this dichotomy: The words HONOR and DUTY are scrawled across the dagger tattoos on his biceps, but he also can recite entire stanzas of Tennyson from memory.
In 2015, with funding from the International Fund for Animal Welfare, a well-established NGO in Cape Cod, Labuschagne created the Wildlife Crimes Investigation Unit, which includes about 20 other full-time officers. He set up shop in Kasungu National Park, recruited its top rangers (including Matthieu) and paired them with a network of former poachers and urban informants. This undercover team targets a link in the illegal wildlife chain that's generally gone unchallenged: the middle man.
Instrumental in the unit's success is the leadership of Labuschagne's longtime lieutenant, Raphael Chiwindo. Originally from a rural part of Malawi, Chiwindo has worked with Labuschagne since 1992, rising from a remote gate guard to a commanding officer and later to a sought-after law enforcement consultant in Africa's national parks.
Raphael Chiwindo
Chiwindo's team
In addition to spearheading the training and daily operations of dozens of full-time rangers in Kasungu National Park, Chiwindo often consults on undercover operations.
During one such operation in a busy Malawian marketplace, Matthieu found himself in a car with two suspects and four tusks. He hadn't expected to get to the contraband so quickly, and there was no back-up team around. He called Chiwindo.
“Mate! I, uh, need a scale. You know… I have some stuff I want to weigh.”
Chiwindo knew exactly what he was saying, and he happened to be running errands nearby, too.
Soon enough, there was a pounding on the window. Thinking on his feet, Chiwindo pretended not to be Matthieu's friend, but rather a plainclothes policeman.
“I know what this is!” he shouted. “Let me in the vehicle.”
Chiwindo got in and closed the door.
“It's okay,” Matthieu said to the wide-eyed dealers. “I'll sort this out.”
“Turn on the car.” Chiwindo ordered. “Let's go somewhere and settle this, or else I'm going to take you in,” insinuating he'd turn a blind eye for a fee. “I'll tell you where to go.”
The dealers relaxed.
Matthieu started the engine, crept out of the marketplace, and began following Chiwindo's directions.
“LEFT! … STRAIGHT-Y! … LEFT! … RIGHT… YES, RIGHT HERE.”
The dealers, smashed between their suitcase and Chiwindo in the back seat, suddenly tensed again when they realized where they were: the parking lot of the local police station.
Much of the unit's success depends on the thankless work of Malawians like Chiwindo. And the same goes for his counterpart in Zambia, Chewa Ndonyo, who was the commanding officer in the pounce team during the motel raid. In the last year alone, Ndonyo's house has been attacked and set on fire three different times. Undeterred by the constant threat of retaliation, Ndonyo continues to work three or four leads at any given time.
Rangers Matthieu (right) and Clifford (left) discuss patrol tactics following reports of gunshots near the Zambian border of Kasungu National Park.
In a separate raid, villagers fired on Matthieu with single-action rifles, while another ranger took a rock to the head. “When a poacher kills an elephant,” Matthieu explains, “the whole village benefits. They sell the ivory and dry the meat for everybody in the area, so now they're the heroes, and we're the bad guys.”
Like Labuschagne, Matthieu had an extensive military past before working in Malawi. He was a paratrooper for the French Army, working in Chad, Gabon and later, fighting in Afghanistan.
“Part of our success comes from our ability to live with uncertainty,” Labuschagne says.
After booking the three ivory dealers at a Zambian police station, Matthieu and Mark make the three-hour trek back to Kasungu National Park in the 1987 Toyota Land Cruiser. That's navigating the dark, pothole-lined highway in the middle of the night. They nod to armed policemen at checkpoints, occasionally stopping when flashed to do so, but such low-ranking officers can't be trusted.
“What are you doing in Zambia?” a policeman demands. “This vehicle is registered in Malawi.”
“We had a meeting in Chipata [a border town of a half million people], and my friend wanted to see the animals in Lukusuzi [a national park]. But we gotta be back home by tomorrow.”
At some point along the way, they call Labuschagne to let him know about their success. A strange mood still prevails, though. A narcotics sting can prevent a batch of drugs from ever hitting its users, but ivory's different. A bust like this only confirms one thing: There are at least five fewer elephants in the wild.
“It's everywhere,” Matthieu explains while driving and chain-smoking Pall Mall Reds. “But you can't be everywhere. We can, you know, at least try to make it harder. Cut off the dealers.”
Within a week, the team recovers an additional two leopard skins, a serval skin, dried elephant meat and about 200 pounds of illegal ivory worth more than $100,000. And within the first few months of existence, the team had already made 152 arrests in Malawi and an additional 36 arrests in cross-border operations with Zambia.
A Malawian police officer (left) with a confiscated leopard skin. The two dealers (right) were arrested after attempting to sell it to an undercover agent in Malawi's urban capital, Lilongwe.
Still: “We cannot let our successes get ahead of us,” Labuschagne says. “Given how busy we are at the moment, I would say this can't be more that 1 percent of what's going on.”
A few weeks after the raid in the pink motel room, Labuschagne receives disheartening news from Zambia. Six lawyers were flown in from the capital, Lusaka, to support the defense of Bridget Banda, her driver and her muscle.
“Bridget is directly related to some pretty influential individuals,” Labuschagne says to the rest of his team during an afternoon briefing in one of the brick cottages in Kasungu. (A month later, Bridget is acquitted of all counts.) Matthieu reminds him that some of the tusks already had police markings on them when they made the bust. Bridget surely got them directly from the judicial system's evidence stash to sell right back into the market.
Shannon, Labuschagne's daughter and right-hand woman, quickly moves on to the next item of business. “Lynn Clifford called again about the two elephants that went missing from a game reserve near Salima. She thinks she knows where the poachers live. They saw the snares and meat drying, but they don't have enough men to make a raid.”
“I think we can lend her help,” Labuschagne says. He then turns to his team: “Can we do it tonight?”
Twelve hours later, Matthieu's Land Cruiser idles nearby — two poachers in handcuffs in the backseat.
Fresh off of a Super Bowl victory, Golden Tate signed a five-year, $31 million dollar deal with the Detroit Lions on the second day of free agency in hopes of fulfilling the teams search to find a Robin for their Batman. Or maybe it's a Starscream for their Megatron? The Tsavo Man-Eaters would work, but I'm not entirely sure it will catch on. Either way, Detroit was desperately looking for a capable body to take the field opposite of Calvin Johnson to go along with space eaters Reggie Bush and Joique Bell out of the backfield.
Other Fantasy Free Agency news:
Fantasy Football: Rashad Jennings and the Fall of David Wilson
Fantasy Football: Donald Brown in San Diego
Fantasy Football: Josh McCown Isn't Who You Think He Is
NFL Production
As I hinted, the Detroit receiving corps outside of Johnson was just downright horrendous in 2013. Here's how Tate's 2013 stacks up against the meh of the Motor City.
Player Team Routes Targets Rec Yds TD QB INT QB REC PTS TGT X Golden Tate SEA 447 99 64 898 5 2 51.92 1.00 Jeremy Ross DET 96 12 6 67 1 1 4.68 0.95 Nate Burleson DET 295 55 39 461 1 2 18.44 0.80 Kris Durham DET 568 85 38 490 2 2 23.6 0.64 Ryan Broyles DET 111 14 8 85 0 0 3.4 0.59 Patrick Edwards DET 90 11 5 46 0 1 -0.16 -0.03
While Tate wasn't exactly the reincarnation of Jerry Rice, he still had 67 percent of the receptions and 78 percent of the yardage of all of the other Detroit receivers combined and had one more touchdown. His target multiplier was completely even in a passing game with little to no volume, but the Lions would love just average production if they could get it. The fact that he did play for an efficient quarterback and he was just an average target among the Seattle crew that was missing Percy Harvin does leave a bit of a question mark for his own true ability.
Durham had the ninth worst target multiplier in the entire NFL out of all players with at least 50 targets and generated under half of the amount of fantasy points for Matt Stafford than Tate did for Russell Wilson on 121 fewer snaps in route. Fun with extrapolation says that if Tate was as good as he was in Seattle with Durham's volume; his final line would've looked like 81/1,136/6 on 126 targets. That would've put him right around WR15, which is pretty scary. Now that's just for giggles, but 100 plus targets should be in the bag barring the Lions add another big playmaker, so a 70/1,000/6 season is achievable.
Do you know how many wide receivers have increased their fantasy production in standard, half point reception and PPR scoring every season since 2010?
Here's the list: Demaryius Thomas, Eric Decker and Golden Tate. That's it. End of list.
Player Year FantPt PPR .5 PPR Rec Yds TD Golden Tate 2011 56.6 91.6 74.1 35 382 3 Golden Tate 2012 115.7 160.7 138.2 45 688 7 Golden Tate 2013 122.9 186.9 154.9 64 898 5
Part of that list being so short is he's taken smaller steps and while it may not be on the scale of heavy-handed improvement as Decker and Thomas, Tate also wasn't afforded the luxury of playing with the best statistical quarterback possibly of all time. No, instead Tate increased every year by playing with the team that threw the second fewest passes in the entire league over that same run he was getting better for fantasy purposes. The team he's headed to, well they've thrown the most passes over the past three years. Former offensive coordinator Scott Linehan may have left town for Dallas, but don't expect Detroit to shift into a ball control offense anytime soon.
Fewest Pass Plays Since 2011
Team Pass Plays Pass TD SF 1430 62 SEA 1460 69 CAR 1596 65 KC 1636 45 NYJ 1653 53 DET 2128 92
Pedigree
It's easy to forget four years removed, but Tate was an absolute dynamo in college while at Notre Dame. He played in a pass first offense that featured future NFL pass catchers Michael Floyd and Kyle Rudolph during their first two college seasons and had the immortal Jimmy Clausen as his quarterback. Tate was the fourth receiver and the 60th overall selection in the 2010 draft after posting elite college production.
Year Class Player Rec. Yds. TD 2008 Soph. Golden Tate 58 1080 10 2009 Junior Golden Tate 93 1496 15 2008 Fresh. Michael Floyd 48 719 7 2009 Soph. Michael Floyd 44 795 9 2008 Fresh. Kyle Rudolph 29 340 2 2009 Soph. Kyle Rudolph 33 364 3
Brake Pumping at Ford Field
Admittedly, the information above is pretty flattering, and I'm fan of what the signing brings on both a real and fantasy level, but let's throw a little water on this campfire and acknowledge a few shortcomings before we anoint him a must-have commodity this summer.
The first thing is that Detroit may not be finished adding to their offense yet, so assuming his final role in March is premature. The Lions may use draft equity to bring in another option to either the tight end or receiver position. In fact, they should just be based on what's in house already. If nothing happens in May, then we will know that Tate has a true WR2 cap.
Tate isn't tiny but he also doesn't sport the frame that coincides with being able to carry a passing game, which was evident by the way Seattle managed games. At 5-foot-11 and 195 pounds, he is a versatile player who can make plays after the catch and is valuable in the return game as a punt returner.
He's not good, but also not terrible in the red zone, converting ten of 41 career targets for scores and five of 20 inside the ten-yard line. That is under par but not among the worst. That is telling that while he is in fact a good playmaker, he still needs those splash plays created by his after the catch ability to tie his production down.
While the increase in passing volume will help him overall, he'll also never be a guy weighted by a heavy reception total. This shows up because Seattle may have had low passing volume, but it's not like Tate was out there creating volume with his play either. That's slightly a chicken and egg scenario, but he's not built to carry a passing game and I don't think anyone would dispute that. In 58 career regular season games, Tate has had more than five receptions in only four. Many of those were as a primary target for his offense. He is a player who can be eliminated by the opposition if necessary, but the fact that he should find frequent accommodating coverage in his new home doesn't really make that an issue.
Stafford was pedestrian this past year in games without Calvin Johnson on the field. In the two games without Megatron, he went 47 for 73 for 483 yards and two scores combined. In the other 14 weeks, Stafford finished as a top 12 quarterback ten times. While Tate is a better player than those he is replacing, he and Stafford's fantasy football value will still be directly tied to Johnson's availability week to week.
With Bush and Bell catching passes as well, Tate does smell like a player that will have better final stats than the weekly story will tell and his inconsistency could be tough to trust weekly. My total opinion is that his arrival aids Johnson into further dominance, but Johnson will open enough doors for Tate to make a real impact in scoring overall, just in random spurts. This won't be a Julio Jones and Roddy White type of marriage.
This leads me back to something that I always try to echo in these halls: chasing cumulative numbers can be self-destruction. Tate will undoubtedly finish 2014 as a top 24 overall receivers if he remains healthy. He was WR28 last season in standard scoring and WR30 in PPR. Do you know how many weeks he performed as a top 24 receivers? Four.
He may have finished the season as a high end WR3, but at no point was he strong option to trust in your lineup. His statistical ceiling in 2014 is in the ballpark of Anquan Boldin in 2013 and his median numbers probably won't be far away from that of Brian Hartline, who is consistently treated like fantasy garbage and can be picked up as your WR5. Hartline was WR26 last season and also only had four weeks of top 24 production. While I agree that a player like Hartline is undervalued, I still feel good about myself if my weekly opponent has him penciled in his lineup. That's the area of fantasy where I see Tate landing in. The sum of the parts won't match the vehicle that is on the showroom floor after week 17 but he will have big impact weeks tearing apart favorable coverage that etch themselves in your mind.
The sticking point as always will be decided by price point. I normally don't chase smaller receivers, and I certainly don't chase them at an inflated ADP. While it's hard to say just where that ADP will end up when the smoke clears, Tate will have to be treated as a lower WR3 for me to take a chance on him in hopes of him hitting a mid to low WR2 ceiling in the best case scenario.
With the natural allure of the Detroit passing game and his own strong efficiency stats on low volume, it's highly likely someone will always value him more than I do in drafts. While this is a signing I like for real and fake football and Tate has a moderately high ceiling that I crave when drafting in the middle rounds, the market may force you into paying a tax for his services. What Detroit does over the rest of this offseason will be the key to evaluating his summertime value.
*Stats were provided from ProFootballReference.com and ProFootballFocus.com
Pakistani troops have been battling Taleban fighters near the border Pakistani troops have killed 1,000 Islamist militants in a huge offensive in the Bajaur tribal district over the last month, the army says. It says that it will regain control of the region from Taleban and al-Qaeda militants within the next three months. The army says that five top militants were among those killed in the Bajaur operation. The area is one of the most unstable of Pakistan's tribal areas. There has been no word from militants in relation to the army's claims. "This is one area that, if you are controlling, can create a much greater effect on the entire region," Maj-Gen Tariq Khan told reporters on a visit to the area arranged by the army. He estimated that 65% of the militant problem would be eliminated if militants were defeated in Bajaur. "If they lose here, they've lost almost everything," he added. "If we do not take any action it will become an independent agency spreading out terror in all directions." 'Al-Qaeda sanctuary' Maj-Gen Khan said that 27 soldiers had been killed and 111 wounded in the operation, launched last month at the same time as Pakistan's new government was coming under increasing pressure from the US to take action against militants in its border regions. The army says that many suspected militants have been captured Correspondents say that there is no way independently to verify the army's claims. However the BBC's M Ilyas Khan in Pakistan says that troops are barely making progress against militants and thousands of people have been displaced. Our correspondent says that soldiers in Bajaur are not confronted with guerrilla-type attacks or suicide bombings but a situation of conventional warfare in which the militants continue to hold a large swathe of territory. Maj-Gen Khan said the dead militant commanders were from Egypt, Uzbekistan and Afghanistan. Another was described as an Arab while the fifth was a Pakistani commander named only as Abdullah. Bajaur is long believed to have been the most likely al-Qaeda sanctuary inside the Pakistani border region, and has been the target of several suspected US missile attacks since 2006. It borders the troubled Afghan province of Kunar, scene of some of the fiercest fighting between Pakistani forces and Islamist militants since Islamabad joined the US-led "war on terror" in 2001. It was also the scene of a missile strike that is believed narrowly to have missed Osama bin Laden's number two, Ayman al-Zawahiri, in January 2006.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Back in 1971 a gentleman named Emmett Burton, outside of Atlanta Georgia, decided he wanted to build a car and drive it cross-country to see how fast he could do it. However, Burt Reynolds stole his thunder.
Before he could finish the build, the movie Cannonball Run came out. Upon seeing a major movie come out based on what he wanted to do, he was hugely demoralized. He laid down his tools next to the unfinished car that was up on jack stands and walked away. The car is still sitting there today.
Walking the show floor at SEMA, this car, called the Double Down 1932 Ford Roadster immediately grabs your attention. It is one of the most unique hot rods you could ever lay your eyes upon. It's not a car built to be painted with red flames or even painted at all. It's a purpose-built machine created to do one thing – DRIVE. It just so happens to look incredible at the same time.
The car was on display at the Jet-Hot High Performance Coatings Booth. A few photos of the car released by RallyWays an hour after the show began immediately gathered attention and many questions – Specially given the fact the roadster has a differential sticking out of each end. The first thought is indeed a correct assessment – This is an all-wheel drive classic '32 Ford Roadster.
A conversation with Gordon McGilton from Jet-Hot Coatings revealed the story about this car. The car was built by renowned fabricator Bryan Fuller inspired by the story of Emmett Burton's car. The decision was made to create the car that Mr. Burton would have built had he been doing it today instead of in the 70's.
Using today's technology and finding ways to innovated something supposedly nearly impossible to innovate at this point, the Double Down was created. The reason the innovation that went into this car is so ground-breaking is because the 1932 Ford Roadster is one of the most adopted platforms chosen by hot rod builders. During our conversation, Mr. McGilton said, “Since 1932, people have been building 1932 Fords.” This makes it very hard to do something really different.
And indeed they figured out how to do something different with a 1932 Ford, such as using AWD, a different chassis setup, quick-change front and rear ends, and unique setup and tuning. They also wanted the car to have a look that demonstrated that outside-of-the-box thinking.
The car is going to be kept in bare metal except for the areas that Jet-Hot Coatings will put their proprietary coatings on. The only places the car would have color is were Jet-Hot will choose to add coatings – in other words, no paint. This also shows the car you are seeing here in not a completed project but rather a live, evolving creation.
Don't get completely lost in the looks; the numbers are hugely impressive as well. 900 horsepower…
Once the car has been completed, they are taking Emmett Burton, to do the things he dreamed about doing back then. The car is going to drive cross-country, race on a road course, autocross, run at the Bonneville Salt Flats, drag race and more. Adding to the ever evolving nature of this project, the Double Down Ford '32 Roadster would of course have to be adjusted for all those kinds of events. Things like different tires, different suspension setups and safety equipment, roll cages and what not will all be part of the morphing process from event to event.
Bryan Fuller has been on Café Racer, Two Guys Garage and other TV Shows and has worked with Chip Foose. He has a shop just outside of Atlanta. “He is a metalworker supreme and a great guy to work with,” says Mr. McGilton from Jet-Hot. He obviously likes to think outside the box. Like Bryan Fuller, Jet-Hot is an innovative entity. The company offers 3 types of coatings to either manage heat, reduce friction or protect metal from corrosion. This collaborative effort is also an opportunity for Jet-Hot to put their coatings to work, all in the same unique vehicle.
Don't get completely lost in the looks; the numbers are hugely impressive as well. 900 horsepower out of a Boss 429 engine, 28.5 x 14.50-16 Goodyear Eagle racing slicks and all-wheel-drive using a GM transfer case and a G-force clutch-less 5-speed box. That's only the tip of the iceberg. This car has surprises all over. Just make sure not to touch that header as you're climbing in! No matter of special coatings is going to help you keep your skin!
And why “Double Down?” Well, think about it. It's all-wheel-drive.
You can read Bryan Fuller's original story about Double-Down on Jet-Hot's site here. You should also check out more of Bryan's work on his site Fuller Hot Rods.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Now, the city is required to expropriate or buy back 9.7 hectares of the Parker lands from Marquess -- mostly for a storm retention pond needed to solve perennial basement flooding in the Taylor-Grant Park-Earl Grey neighbourhoods, but also for a portion of the BRT project.
Officials justified the even trade on the ground both parcels of land were valued at $1 million -- a claim shown to be false in the June 2014 audit of 33 city real estate transactions by consulting firm EY.
City officials boasted it was a good deal in 2009 when it traded, straight up, the 23.8-hectare Parker lands to developer Andrew Marquess for a 3.6-hectare parcel of the former Fort Rouge yards.
Ramifications of a controversial 2009 land swap between a private developer and city hall are still being felt as the city prepares to expropriate 35 parcels of land for completion of the southwest bus rapid-transit project and construction of a storm retention pond.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 14/2/2015 (1473 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 14/2/2015 (1473 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Ramifications of a controversial 2009 land swap between a private developer and city hall are still being felt as the city prepares to expropriate 35 parcels of land for completion of the southwest bus rapid-transit project and construction of a storm retention pond.
City officials boasted it was a good deal in 2009 when it traded, straight up, the 23.8-hectare Parker lands to developer Andrew Marquess for a 3.6-hectare parcel of the former Fort Rouge yards.
Officials justified the even trade on the ground both parcels of land were valued at $1 million — a claim shown to be false in the June 2014 audit of 33 city real estate transactions by consulting firm EY.
Now, the city is required to expropriate or buy back 9.7 hectares of the Parker lands from Marquess — mostly for a storm retention pond needed to solve perennial basement flooding in the Taylor-Grant Park-Earl Grey neighbourhoods, but also for a portion of the BRT project.
"This is an example of the short-mindedness that took place during the last administration," said Coun. Russ Wyatt (Transcona), who voted against the 2009 land swap. "The fact we now have to go back and buy back land we (sold) five years ago is outrageous."
'This is an example of the short-mindedness that took place during the last administration. The fact we now have to go back and buy back land we (sold) five years ago is outrageous' — Coun. Russ Wyatt, who voted against the 2009 land swap
The land expropriation is the only matter on Tuesday's special meeting of the property and development committee.
An administrative report identified 34 parcels of land needed for the completion of the southwest BRT corridor from Jubilee Avenue to the University of Manitoba, and one parcel needed for the construction of a storm retention pond.
The Calrossie storm retention pond, to be constructed adjacent to a portion of the BRT corridor through the Parker lands, is proposed to solve the perennial basement flooding suffered by homeowners in the Taylor-Grant Park-Earl Grey neighbourhoods.
The storm retention pond will be constructed on eight hectares of land owned by Gem Equities, a development company controlled by Marquess.
The city also plans to expropriate 1.6 hectares of Gem Equities' Parker property needed for the BRT corridor.
Terms of the 2009 land-swap deal allowed city hall to buy back from Gem Equities any portion of the Parker lands needed for the BRT corridor, at a price of $42,500 per hectare.
However, the purchase price for the eight hectares of the Parker land needed for the retention pond will be subject to further negotiation or the expropriation process.
Parker lands
An administrative report states it's not possible to place an estimate on the total price tag for the 35 parcels needed for both projects, but the cost will be covered within the $590-million budget of the combined projects.
Wyatt said the administration's position is not genuine, adding they must have an estimate but added he believes they don't want to disclose it now to jeopardize the ongoing negotiations with the individual property owners.
"It would have been a lot simpler, and honest, if they had just said that, but I don't know why they didn't," Wyatt said, adding he is surprised details on the planned expropriation are being presented in a public report when previous land deals were discussed confidentially.
The review of the Parker land swap was criticized in the June 2014 EY audit, which found city officials failed to appraise either property involved in the transaction and the equitable value was only a guess.
The 2009 review was "completed in a rushed manner," EY noted. "The highest and best use of either property was not determined, nor was either property inspected. As such, it could be questioned whether value for money was achieved (in the swap)."
Marquess had a reputation as one of the city's most ambitious and innovative developers, known for incorporating geothermal heating-and-cooling systems and other energy-efficient features into many of his projects, and pursing rental projects when few others are doing it. He launched the conversion of the former downtown Sheraton Winnipeg into a rental apartment, which was later sold to another firm, and renovated several other downtown properties.
But his reputation has been tarnished by some high-profile controversies. He has a reputation for not paying his bills on time and he was penalized for misleading city officials over location of recreational space on a McPhillips condo development. He has been criticized for failing to develop the remaining Fort Rouge property, for which the city decided to guarantee $10 million of a $14.7-million loan for the project – but he has installed the underground geo-thermal infrastructure on the site and constructed a transitway station there as required by the city.
While the loan guarantee was being debated, city officials were quietly negotiating with Marquess to address three apartment blocks that had been cited as derelict properties.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
Marquess could not be reached for comment.
An administrative report for Tuesday's meeting states negotiations are ongoing with Marquess for the eight hectares needed for the retention pond. The report states he plans to develop the remaining 15.3 hectares of the Parker lands.
Coun. John Orlikow, chairman of the property and development committee, said he is concerned the city is buying back land it sold five years ago, but said administration officials told him neither project was foreseen for the Parker property when the 2009 trade was approved.
Orlikow said constructing the retention pond was first proposed in 2012 and the BRT route through the Parker lands was only an option in 2009 that became the chosen route in 2013, adding that was why the buyback price was included in the swap.
"I am unhappy about" the expropriation, Orlikow said. "The staff went through the whole decision-making process on how that happened and they satisfied me."
aldo.santin@freepress.mb.ca
DUBAI (Reuters) - An international rights group accused a Saudi-led coalition of failing to investigate air strikes that have killed hundreds of civilians in Yemen, and said Washington should look into violations of the laws of war in which it played a role.
A boy walks past houses damaged in the current conflict in the old quarter of Yemen's capital Sanaa November 27, 2015. REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah
A coalition of Arab countries, led by Saudi Arabia and allied to the United States, has been attacking Iran-allied Houthis who had seized much of Yemen in a series of military operations since September last year.
The United States is a major supplier of weapons to Saudi Arabia and U.S. officials say intelligence-sharing with Riyadh about potential targets in Yemen has been boosted since March.
Human Rights Watch, in a report received on Friday, said it had interviewed victims, witnesses and medical staff in the provinces of Ibb, Amran, Hajja, Hodaida, Taizz, and the capital, Sanaa, where air strikes had hit homes, markets, a factory, and a civilian prison.
In all of these cases, Human Rights Watch said it either found no evident military target or found that the attack failed to distinguish civilians from military objectives.
The spokesman for the Gulf Arab coalition said the organization's report lacked expertise.
“The person who wrote the report and the witnesses quoted did not demonstrate that the attacks in question were carried out by coalition aircraft,” said Brigadier-General Ahmed al-Asiri.
“The coalition welcomes any Yemeni government efforts to use experts to ensure strikes are directed precisely at military targets,” he added.
Human Right Watch said it had compiled the names of 309 people - 199 men, 43 women, and 67 children - killed in the attacks, all believed to be civilians.
The New York-based organization said Saudi officials have not responded to repeated requests by the group for information about the 10 air strikes.
The deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch, Joe Stork, said the coalition was unwilling to conduct “even a single investigation of numerous potentially unlawful air strikes”.
“While the coalition may have sophisticated weaponry and U.S. support, its commitment to the laws of war is rudimentary at best,” Stork said in the statement.
The United Nations says about 5,700 people have been killed in the fighting, including more than 2,600 civilians. The United Nations said that about two-thirds of the civilian casualties were killed by air strikes.
U.S. officials said in April that Washington was expanding its intelligence-sharing with Saudi Arabia to provide more information about potential targets in the kingdom's air campaign against Houthi militias in Yemen.
Telemarketers often face numerous challenges in the area of B2B lead generation. There are lots to consider, such as audience profiles and the appropriate channels to utilize. But it gets even more complicated when prospects are ready for a sales appointment.
There is no single formula for a successful B2B appointment setting. In fact, businesses have their own approaches towards prospect engagement. They may even have varied ways on how to get past gatekeepers.
Voicemail is considered as one of many brutal filters that appointment setters have to encounter. For many business executives who comprise a bulk of your target market, voicemail is a sophisticated tool for filtering incoming messages. Basically, it gives them the convenience of knowing your intentions without having to spend time absorbing the message you try to impart. This is obviously a critical phase in the sales process. And compelling voice messages are obviously needed to stimulate engagement.
No doubt, appointment setters struggle with scripts for professional voice messages. But scripts are only good for imparting your intent. They are not that effective in keeping your prospects interested.
And so, to attain a more relevant B2B appointment scheduling and setting campaign, it is imperative to follow these effective tips.
Introduction. This first part should be both professional and personal. Of course, a short greeting and introduction comprise a good opening. The prospect is preferably addressed on a first name basis, and the appointment setter should use his or her full name. This is followed by the company's identity. Open up by telling your offers, taking into account the details about the prospect. A compelling introduction might convince the prospect from skipping to the next voice message.
Body. Here, you are allowed only a limited amount of time to consider the issues that your B2B leads are possibly facing. For instance, if you target the CEO of an IT solutions company, ask if it has issues concerning sales and B2B lead generation; then, layout a brief summary of the solutions you offer. Try to be specific and simple. Never overstuff the content of your message with information that is incompatible with your prospect's data.
End. After everything's been said, tell your prospect about how you are eager for an appointment. Chances are, the solutions you presented in your message might prod your prospect to know more. Close with a friendly, “Call you back,” and follow up with an e-mail on your next callback.
The process takes only a few seconds. Nonetheless, it takes a high amount of proficiency to guide B2B leads through the sales pipeline. Consider hiring a B2B appointment setting and lead generation firm to provide the necessary skills in your campaign.
Most people who use Chrome are used to the fact that when they generate a new tab, they can see the Google front page with a grid of the most frequently visited websites. Now there's word that Google has made a slight concession to Microsoft's Bing service when it is set as the default search service in a version of Chrome.
Google employee Francois Beaufort has revealed the Canary pre-release build of Chrome can now display the full Bing.com front page, complete with its daily photo and trending news events, on the browser's new tab page when set as the default for search.
There's no word as to why Google has made this change, but it's certainly an interesting development, considering that both it and Microsoft have been battling over whether IE or Chrome is the number one most used web browser. Microsoft uses Net Application's numbers, which are based on unique visitors, to show IE in the top spot. StatCounter, which uses page views, shows Chrome to be number one.
Keep in mind this change is for the Canary build of Chrome and not the officially supported version of the browser. However, it's likely that the Bing.com tab feature will find its way to the stable version of Chrome at some point.
Source: Francois Beaufort via CNET | Image via Google
Cedar Rapids Police are investigating three armed robberies that have occurred since Sunday, November 12th. Authorities think the suspect may have also committed a robbery in Hiawatha this week.
The robber is described as a black male, between 6'0" and 6'2", 200 to 240 pounds. At the time of the robbery he was wearing a hooded sweatshirt, white mask, and armed with a silver handgun.
The robberies in Cedar Rapids have occurred at the following locations:
• Sunday, November 12th - 5:44 p.m. - Discount Liquor, 2933 1st Avenue SE
• Monday, November 13th - 7:28 p.m. - Dairy Queen, 2100 6th Street SW
• Wednesday, November 15th - 10:25 p.m. - Smokin' Joes, 2315 Mt. Vernon Road SE
Anyone with information on the identity of the suspect is encouraged to call the Cedar Rapids Police Department at (319) 286-5491 or Linn County Crime Stoppers at 1-800-CS-CRIME or text CRIMES (274637) and in the message/subject, type 5227 and your tip.
__________________________________________
A man with a gun robbed a Cedar Rapids Dairy Queen earlier this week.
In some surveillance video, a masked man points a gun at a worker. The workers open the cash registers and give him money.
It wasn't the only robbery police believe the man may have committed.
They think he's the man who also robbed a Quick Mart.
Cedar Rapids police say the robbery happened Monday night at the Dairy Queen on the southwest side of the city. Hiawatha police say a man with a similar description robbed the Quick Mart on Robins Road Tuesday night.
Dairy Queen employee Taylor Katz was talking to a regular customer at the Dairy Queen on the Southwest side Monday night.
"He came in and had his hands in his pockets and pulled a gun out and asked for all the money, so my first instinct is I see the gun and I jump right over the register and I take all the money and I give it to him," Katz said.
She describes the man as a 6 foot tall black man wearing a white mask over his face. A description almost identical to the one Mariah Oliver, an employee at the Quick Mart said.
"It was a horrible horrible experience," Oliver said.
She says it was terrifying having someone point a gun at her, especially because she was alone Tuesday night.
"We were pretty slow when it happened I was walking outside and the door was already propped open he walked up to me we met at the door I said I would 'be right with you,' and he said 'no you won't' and he put the gun up to me and asked me for all the money," Oliver said, "So I went around the counter he put the gun on me again."
Now both women are just hoping to get some peace of mind.
"I don't feel as safe with him out there just knowing that he's out there," Oliver said.
The Dairy Queen closes for the season on Saturday but has had a new lobby policy since the robbery. It now closes a few hours earlier at 5 p.m.
"It's definitely uneasy every night I just feel my whole body just get so anxious I just want him caught and like and I think it would definitely ease all of our minds," Katz said.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Cedar Rapids and Hiawatha police.
Editor's note: Alix Murphy is a mobile telecommunications industry professional with experience in electronic and mobile identity, mobile payments and international development sectors. She is a senior mobile analyst at WorldRemit.
Ask most people what the state of mobile payments is today, and they'll tell you it's just kicking off. With Facebook announcing the option to send money to friends via Messenger and the release of Apple Pay last year, 2015 has excitedly been dubbed “The Year of Mobile Payments.” Yet what most people don't realise is that these services are already lagging 10 years behind.
I'm not just talking about Google Wallet or Square, both launched in 2011, or wallets like MasterPass and Visa's V.me, all of which have struggled to gain traction among both consumers and merchants. The latest report by InfoScout and PYMNTS.com revealed last month that 85% of iPhone 6 users still have never tried using Apple Pay, despite enthusiasts' conviction that transactions will pick up this year.
There are places around the world, however, where mobile payments have taken a very different path 89 countries across the developing world, to be precise. Many people may already be familiar with M-PESA in Kenya (launched in 2007), the mobile money service which processes around $2.1 billion worth of transactions per month. Fifty-nine percent of Kenyan adults use M-PESA, and the platform accounts for 66 percent of transaction volumes processed through the national payments system. M-PESA users can do everything from buying groceries to paying utility and school bills, or even purchasing airline tickets, all from their mobile, and without needing a bank account.
But it's not just Kenya where mobile money has become an integral part of peoples' daily lives. From Paraguay to Pakistan, mobile money is rapidly gaining ground. The global telecoms body GSMA notes that in Latin America alone the number of new mobile money accounts grew by 50 percent in 2014. According to CGAP, a financial inclusion advocacy arm of the World Bank, 22 percent of Bangladesh's adult population uses mobile money. If you live in San Francisco, London or Munich you wouldn't necessarily know this. Europe's first mobile money service only launched last year – in Romania.
Mobile money – an unconventional wallet
Why is this the case? Unlike the ‘mobile wallets' with which we are familiar (and which are, essentially, no more than a digitised front-end to existing credit and debit cards), mobile money isn't linked to any bank account. Rather, mobile money is electronic value stored in an account linked to your mobile number, which can be used to purchase goods and services, pay bills, or send money to anybody else with a mobile phone. It's not app-based (although it can be – more on that later), but instead works on USSD and simple STK technology on basic ‘feature phones' (non-smartphones).
Those leading the way in offering mobile money services are mobile telecoms operators such as Vodafone and America Móvil, who have established customer bases of tens of millions of customers worldwide.
According to the GSMA's latest figures, mobile money now has 103 million active users around the world, up from 60 million users a year ago, and up from 30 million just one year before that. With 261 mobile money services across 89 countries worldwide, mobile money already covers nearly two-thirds of the developing world. Remarkably, in 16 of these countries, there are more mobile money accounts than bank accounts.
Indeed, that's because the majority of mobile money users are precisely the people who have been excluded from traditional banking and payment services, simply because they are considered too unprofitable to serve. Despite some good efforts by commercial banks to extend their services to poorer customer segments, the infrastructure is simply too burdensome to justify administering such small account balances for someone in a remote village, for example.
But when you consider that 1 billion of the world's 2.5 billion unbanked people have access to a mobile phone, this changes things. A lot.
Pioneering innovation in financial services
Already, mobile money providers are providing products that go beyond simple peer-to-peer payments and retail. Farmers in Zimbabwe can insure their crops against drought or excessive rainfall through EcoFarmer, an insurance service offered by Econet Zimbabwe, which lets them pay back the $10 premium for the season using EcoCash Mobile Money.
Customers of bKash Mobile Money in Bangladesh can earn interest of up to 4 percent a year on the savings they accumulate on their mobile money accounts. In Kenya, hundreds of donations are received weekly by crowdfunding platform mChanga, which lets users donate via M-PESA or Airtel Money for no transaction charge.
These and many other innovative mobile financial products are transforming financial services for many people around the world. But there's still a long way to go.103 million users represent only a third of the 300 million registered mobile money customers globally, and mobile money providers also struggle with driving adoption, educating new customers and bringing merchants on board.
Regulatory barriers in some markets make it hard for non-bank entities to promote, expand and deliver mobile money services, despite the fact that mobile money is governed by the same prudential banking regulations that pertain to regular consumer banking.
That's now changing. In India, for example, the Central Bank recently made a landmark decision to allow non-bank entities to offer mobile financial services, recognising the successes taking place elsewhere and the huge impact that mobile money could have in increasing financial inclusion among India's 720 million unbanked adults. Paytm, a payment services provider in which Jack Ma's Alibaba recently acquired 25 percent, is just one of the 40 or so applicants for mobile money licenses under the new regulation.
Unprecedented Growth
There's a reason why investors like Ma are paying attention. A total of $7.5 billion dollars was transacted through mobile money systems globally in December 2014 – that's equivalent to the spending pledged by developed world economies for global vaccinations up to 2020.
These were mostly small payments in the range of $30-40 per transaction, with the majority coming through person-to-person transfers, bill payments and small retail transactions. When you're talking thousands of small transactions like these, with volumes growing at around 45 percent per year on average, providers can offer them at low transaction costs. Combine that with the rollout of low-cost smartphone handsets with basic app functionality, and increasing mobile Internet usage, and you've got a digital payments revolution at your doorstep.
That's when you start to get network effects, drawing in wider businesses, institutions and even governments who see the benefits of mobile money as a payments channel for their services. Already, salary payments are one of the biggest institutional uses for mobile money in Sub-Saharan Africa. Originally spun off from airtime top-up platforms, mobile money provides a ready network infrastructure for enabling transactions between different systems, including APIs and other add-on capabilities.
International opportunity
So, what's next? Well, so far, mobile money has been fundamentally a domestic phenomenon. Most mobile money systems only operate within the boundaries of a single country, despite evidence of major trade and remittance corridors existing across national borders.
There is a major gap yet to fill. The World Bank estimates that migrant workers send more than $550 billion per year back to their home nations – typically by handing cash to brick and mortar transfer agents with high fees, or entrusting envelopes of cash to a stranger traveling back to their home country. Seeing this opportunity, some mobile money providers are starting to link up, taking advantage of the major trade corridors between Cote d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso, for example, by allowing their users to transfer money across regional borders.
Yet there is a huge opportunity to take money transfer one step further, to connect families living in different continents in the same way that they are now accustomed to communicating with each other – online and via mobile. Expectations have changed. The proliferation of mobile money services shows that people – even the unbanked – demand better than the lengthy queues, cumbersome processes, and high fees offered by the incumbent international money transfer “super racket.”
And if you thought this phenomenon was taking place far from U.S. shores, think again. Even if you hadn't yet heard of mobile money, many people in the U.S. already have, and many are already sending money directly to mobile money accounts of their family and loved ones abroad.
Transfers directly to mobile money wallets abroad from the United States grew 30-fold over the past 6 months alone, with cities as diverse as Milwaukee and Boise representing some of the largest numbers of senders to Africa and beyond. These people know the importance of 24-hour service availability at the touch of a screen. These people understand that the global mobile payments revolution isn't on its way. It's already here.
It could be a new twist to the no work, no pay policy.
With absenteeism a perennial problem in Congress, lawmakers who fail to meet the most basic requirement of showing up for work must be fined for their absences, some senatorial aspirants believe.
ADVERTISEMENT
What is more important, they say, is for voters to choose candidates who will uphold their sworn duties and not allow such problems to happen in the first place.
Senatorial candidate Paolo Benigno Aquino IV of the administration coalition Team PNoy said being a member of the Senate was a serious responsibility and its members were expected, at the minimum, to attend its hearings and sessions.
Failure to do so must entail penalties, such as fines that become higher as the absences worsen, he said during the “Paninindigan” senatorial forum of GMA News, the Inquirer's election partner. The first portion of the forum was to air last night.
Making people aware
“I am in favor of penalizing those who don't attend [sessions]. Maybe they should be fined,” Aquino said when asked about the issue of frequent absences.
Aquino added that the issue boiled down to leadership and governance and that voters must choose people who were ready to work and were dedicated to their jobs.
Another senatorial candidate, Teddy Casiño, told the Inquirer that the imposition of fines could work not because the fines would hurt the senators in their pockets (many of them are moneyed anyway) but because it would bring the people's attention to the problem of absenteeism.
A representative of Bayan Muna party-list group, Casiño is running for senator as an independent.
Gordon: Shame them
ADVERTISEMENT
Casiño and Aquino said it was important to make public the attendance records of the lawmakers, along with how they spent their priority development assistance funds and operating expenses, so that the people would know what they were doing with those funds and hold them accountable.
“Lawmakers would be more conscious of their duties because the public would be interested in the issue, on who paid large fines,” Casiño said. “The public attention it will generate will make it effective.”
For senatorial candidate Richard Gordon of the United Nationalist Alliance, there are enough rules to hold absentee lawmakers to account and it would be better to perhaps “shame” them for their delinquency.
Gordon stressed that voters should not elect candidates that would not give their all to their sworn duties.
Not popularity alone
“The whole problem is not in imposing fines because by that time, you have elected them,” Gordon said, adding that the real problem was the inability of people to distinguish between “show biz-politics type” candidates and candidates promoting “substance-based” politics.
“That's the reason for all the absences,” he said. “People don't get quality legislation because they elect poor-quality people based on popularity.”
Gordon said the electorate must learn to be discerning, especially amid the noise generated by “show biz” controversies that tend to overshadow the more serious issues facing the country, such as the power crisis hampering Mindanao's development and the conflict in Sabah.
Problem of quorum
Lack of warm bodies has led to the adjournment of sessions in Congress. The result is that crucial legislation has been delayed or has died from inaction.
Casiño said the House leadership had to resort at times to sending text messages to lawmakers so that there would be sufficient quorum to proceed with the session.
He said there had also been instances where the leadership would release allowances or special allotments to make sure the lawmakers would attend the sessions.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Production went on hiatus after Harrison Ford was sidelined with a broken leg
Star Wars: Episode VII is getting back on course.
The J.J. Abrams film will resume filming later this month, a source confirms to The Hollywood Reporter.
The production went on a two-week hiatus earlier this month due to an injury star Harrison Ford sustained in June. Ford was sidelined after breaking his left leg on the London set June 12 and later underwent surgery.
Ford showing up — and appearing to be back in good health — at Monday's The Expendables 3 premiere in Hollywood had Star Wars observers speculating that he is ready to return to a galaxy far, far away.
Sources could not confirm if Ford was flying back to London to join the production.
Episode VII is filming at the U.K's Pinewood Studios and also stars familiar faces Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew and Kenny Baker, as well as series newcomers John Boyega, Daisy Ridley, Adam Driver, Oscar Isaac, Andy Serkis, Domhnall Gleeson, and Max von Sydow.
It's slated for a Dec. 18, 2015, release.
Pamela McClintock contributed to this report.
Check out our new videos! Our friends at The Buzz Lab made some great videos that help explain some of the ways to use SurfEasy to protect your privacy. You can see all of them on our Vimeo page or watch the one below that explains how SurfEasy leaves nothing behind.
Hey Kickstarters, thanks for checking out our project! We've spent the last 7 months developing SurfEasy to make it plug and play easy for anyone to secure their online privacy and freedom on virtually any computer or network. Now we need your help to get them produced.
SurfEasy is designed to do 4 things really simply:
1. Protect your online freedom: Bypass firewalls and other tools that are used to block or restrict access to your favorite sites – on any computer. This could be accessing Facebook at work or BBC news while traveling in China. (See FAQ for details).
2. Protect your online privacy: Encrypt all of your web browsing and prevent anyone from monitoring what you do online. This includes company networks, wifi-sniffers, your Internet Service Provider and others.
3. Use your own personal browser everywhere: SurfEasy's password-protected USB key lets you carry your own personal web browser with you in your wallet or purse. This lets you have all of your bookmarks, usernames, passwords and other preferences with you on any computer.
4. Leave no trace: SurfEasy is designed to leave no personal information on any computer you use. Plug it in to any PC or MAC and when you're done, simply unplug it and walk away with all your personal information. No trace is left behind on any computer.
How many different computers or networks do you use during the course of a week or month to access your online life? I picked a random week and counted my use – 5 different computers and 23 different networks – and of those I only had confidence that my online privacy was reasonably protected on 1 computer and 1 network. For the other computers and networks (at work, at hotels, wifi hotspots, etc.) I had to trust third parties to secure the personal information I was transmitting over their networks or leaving on their machines. In many cases, I knew my information was not secured, or worse, actively being monitored. The goal of SurfEasy is to make it plug and play simple to protect your online freedom and privacy – to let you be confident in your privacy on any computer.
SurfEasy is a combination of a unique USB key and custom software. Lets start with the hardware.
Nearly as thin as a credit card, the SurfEasy USB key and holder are designed to be easily carried in your purse or wallet. We spent a lot of time on this custom industrial design to make it as thin as possible, while maintaining durability and great looks. The finish is a UV coating similar to what you would see on Apple products – it looks great and provides a scratch resistant finish.
Why a credit card? We considered other form factors, like a key chain, but we wanted something that you would be able to carry with you every day without hassle. We thought about frequent travelers and what they would carry with them. Most people don't carry their keys on vacation, but you've almost always got your wallet. After all, your wallet is where you store some of your most important personal belongings and IDs – why should your online identity be any different?
The USB key itself contains a specialized hardware solution that runs about 3 times faster and last 10 times longer than a standard USB drive. This is important for SurfEasy, since the key holds your own personal web browser and internet connection encryption software. Since everything runs from the SurfEasy key (never on the computer) it's important that the key is as fast and durable as possible. We expect your SurfEasy key to last over 3.5 years with daily use.
The software on SurfEasy is a highly-modified, patent pending browser based on the Mozilla platform that includes an embedded custom SSL tunnel solution, which wraps all your browsing in the same encryption used by the big banks. Your personal web browser looks and acts just like your normal web browser, but in the background a lot of custom development ensures your online privacy and ease of use. Here are just a few of the custom features:
Password protection locks access to the SurfEasy key and all your personal information whenever the USB is removed or after a period of inactivity.
Patent pending management of a complex network of private encrypted proxies that protect your online privacy and freedom without you having to press one button.
Custom Google search solution that lets you get localized search results behind a proxy network without passing your IP address.
Access some media that may be blocked in your country. (see FAQ's for details)
A lot of really hard stuff that makes everything look easy!
We've gotten a lot of the hard work done, but we need your help to start our first production run. Our product is designed and custom handmade samples have been created. Our software is working very well in beta and now we need to put it all together. With your support we will move forward into tooling and production and begin shipping SurfEasy's to Backers in early October.
For more information check our webpage at www.SurfEasy.com, follow us on Twiiter @SurfEasyInc and Facebook facebook.com/SurfEasyInc
Thank You!
Much of the professional political class within the Republican Party has resigned itself to the likelihood that Donald Trump will lose the presidential race to Hillary Clinton. The operative question now for this group is whether a Trump loss could cost Republicans their majorities in Congress.
For a very long time, the idea of the House being in play was treated as a Democratic pipe dream. After all, Republicans control 247 seats — their highest watermark since 1928. And because Republicans controlled lots and lots of the congressional redistricting processes after the 2010 Census, the country's congressional seats tend to be solidly aligned behind one party or the other. The number of truly competitive districts in the country is, maybe, two dozen.
But, as Trump's numbers — nationally and in key swing states — continue to tank, a creeping fear has taken root within the Republican establishment that maybe, just maybe, a landslide loss at the top of the ticket could cost the party not only the upper chamber of Congress but the lower one, too.
A tweetstorm this morning by Robert Blizzard, a Republican pollster with the firm Public Opinion Strategies, won't make queasy GOPers feel any better. Here are his eight tweets in order:
2/8: I looked closely at the 81 “seats in play” in '12 according to @NYTimes. These seats were rated as either lean D/toss-up/lean R — Robert Blizzard (@robertblizzard) August 16, 2016
4/8: Only in FIVE of 81 districts was there more than a ten point difference between Romney and the GOP candidate for Congress (either way) — Robert Blizzard (@robertblizzard) August 16, 2016
6/8: Among those GOP'ers who lost in these competitive seats, Romney outran them by an average of 4.5 points — Robert Blizzard (@robertblizzard) August 16, 2016
8/8: So, if Trump's <45% in Nov in a CD, that spells trouble for any GOP'er. Especially if they have failed to define their opponent — Robert Blizzard (@robertblizzard) August 16, 2016
First, a very broad but important point from Blizzard's tweets: It is VERY hard for a House candidate — whether incumbent or challenger — to run significantly ahead or behind the top of the ticket in a presidential year. The presidential race is so all-encompassing for voters — and House members/candidates typically so little known — that how the top of the ticket goes heavily dictates the results of House races. That's true even in cases where the House incumbent specifically tries to run away from the top of the ticket; voters tend not to differentiate all that much — if they are voting against the Republican at the top of the ticket, they usually do the same down-ballot. It's why political waves occur — and why we call them waves.
Now to the specific numbers behind Blizzard's math. His calculation is that the best an endangered incumbent can hope for is to run five points ahead of Trump. So, how many Republican seats might that include?
The Cook Political Report lists 45 Republican seats and 11 Democratic ones as potentially competitive in November. Let's focus in on those 45 Republican seats.
Of the 45, 40 remain largely intact from the 2011 national redistricting process. (Florida engaged in a mid-decade redraw.) For those 40 seats, we can overlay the Cook Report's Partisan Voting Index (PVI) in an attempt to compare apples to apples. (The PVI ranks every district against every other district based on presidential performance.) Of the 40 GOP-held districts, 36 have a PVI of R+5 or lower, meaning that they are five points (or less) more Republican at the presidential level than all of the other districts in the country.
If Republicans lost all 36 of those seats with a PVI of R +5 or lower — and Democrats held all 11 of their contested seats — Democrats have the House majority. By six seats. Twenty-seven of those 40 seats have a PVI of R+3 or lower. Win those 27 and Democrats need to pick up only three seats among the slightly more Republican-friendly districts to win the majority.
I still don't think a Democratic House majority is the likely outcome on Nov. 8. Republicans have to rely on the fact that so many of the congressional line redraws created districts where people are Republicans and are going to vote Republican — even if Trump is leading the ticket.
But if you trust Blizzard's calculations — and I do — it suggests that if the bottom drops out on Trump, which appears to be happening as I type, there are a good number of Republican-held House districts that could suddenly collapse with him.
All of which means that if Republicans think they have hit rock bottom, they may need to wait only a few months to find an even lower floor.
Last week, Senator Lisa Murkowski and her staff played host to some of the leading thinkers in the growing community of people who believe that nuclear energy is too important to fail without trying to do things both differently and better.
The occasion of the meeting was the introduction and release of a new study published by The Breakthrough Institute titled How to Make Nuclear Innovative: Lessons From Other Advanced Industries. The report "makes the case for an entirely new model of nuclear innovation. Instead of conventional light-water reactors financed and constructed by large incumbent firms, the advanced nuclear industry will be characterized by innovative reactor and plant designs, new business models, and smaller entrepreneurial start-ups."
The event included a panel discussion about some of the recommendations in the report. That panel was moderated by Josh Freed from Third Way and included Jessica Lovering, the lead author of the report; Todd Allen, currently a nuclear engineering professor at the University of Wisconsin and formerly of both Third Way and the Argonne National Laboratory; Jeff Harper, Vice President of X-Energy; and Caroline Cochran, co-founder of Oklo.
Both X-Energy and Oklo are small, entrepreneurial start-up companies that are developing reactor power systems that are as different from the conventional models as Teslas are to Greyhound Buses.
Why Is An Entirely New Model Needed?
Outside of Asia and Russia, prospects for nuclear power plants in the extra-large size range seem to be dimming by the week. It has been several decades since the last project made it through the full distance marathon required to design, site, license, construct and complete a new nuclear power plant.
The Watts Bar units that are the most recently completed plants in the U.S. were designed, sited and licensed while I was still in grade school – and I am a semi-retired grandfather of six.
The two primary designs on which the established nuclear industry in the U.S. banked (AP1000 and ESBWR) and the single design that received most of the investments from France and Germany (EPR) are still years away from the first units being in operation, even though the design work began before or just after the turn of the century.
It can be quite discouraging to be a nuclear energy advocate.
Fortunately, the lesson that many who study the energy industry and understand atomic fission's vast technical potential is that the old guard just hasn't done it right. These creative go-getters aren't pushed off into a different industry by the current struggles at Vogtle, Summer, Olkiluoto, and Flamanville. They see those projects as indicators that there has to be a better way and they are doing their utmost to devise that better way before it's too late.
Why Not Just Give Up On Nuclear?
It may sound a little odd in a world where there are frequent messages about the inevitability of a 100% renewable energy system, or about the vast new supplies of hydrocarbons married to promoted doubts about the potential risks of climate change, but the atomic innovators honestly believe that they are working to save the world.
There are probably a few exceptions, but most of them seem sincerely convinced that human society will be much better off with accessible, proven and affordable nuclear energy options than without them. At this stage in the development of alternatives to the conventional nuclear systems, it's not surprising to find that the leaders are motivated by more than money.
Most of them must know that there are many more paths to losing a great deal of money than there are paths to a lucrative outcome, but they are each confident that they are members of a team that is on one of the paths that leads to success.
So What Does The New Study Recommend?
The report provides the following recommendations.
LICENSING REFORM. Licensing of new nuclear technologies will need to be reformed in order to support smaller, entrepreneurial firms and to build investor confidence as key design and testing benchmarks are achieved. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS. National laboratories will need to provide private companies with access to equipment, technical resources, and expertise in order to lower costs and promote greater knowledge spillover in the testing and licensing process. TARGETED PUBLIC FUNDING FOR R&D. Significant and sustained research funding should be directed toward solving shared technical challenges. INTER-FIRM COLLABORATION. Policy and funding should be designed to encourage knowledge spillover and collaboration between companies. PRIVATE-SECTOR LEADERSHIP. Public investment in demonstration and commercialization should follow private investment and avoid early down-selection of technologies.
It bases those recommendations on an evaluation of the successes and challenges faced by four other industries that share some commonality with nuclear power systems. The authors looked at wide-body aircraft, pharmaceuticals, hydraulic fracturing/horizontal drilling and privately designed space systems.
Three of those industries have a strong, independent, federal regulator. The fourth is an innovative energy technology that is regulated mostly on a state by state basis. All have enormous capital investment requirements, require patient investors, and benefit from various types of government support and encouragement.
The report identifies a number of reasons to be optimistic that the American nuclear industry can once again become an example for the world, possibly one that is closer to the vision that President Eisenhower had in mind when he composed his December, 1953 speech to the United Nations. Here is a description of some of the advantages the U.S. needs to harness.
The highly competitive, liberalized electricity market is already encouraging a number of nuclear start-ups to attempt to disrupt the market with more radical designs. And America's world-class nuclear engineering programs and network of national labs are valuable assets for burgeoning innovators, as is its well-developed venture capital and entrepreneurial sector. Changing trends in national innovation systems suggest that a networked, bottom-up, privately led nuclear innovation effort might succeed where the old top-down innovation model has failed. That should not be read as a call to dismantle the public institutions that have played a critical role in the development of nuclear energy as a clean and cheap source of electricity that still accounts for almost 20% of US generation. But to assure a future for nuclear energy in the United States and beyond, those institutions, including the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Department of Energy, and the National Laboratories, will need to change, expanding their missions to support private-sector innovation and facilitate commercialization of innovative nuclear designs.
What's Missing From The Report?
One item that is missing from the report that could make a huge difference in whether or not the recommendations can be implemented and succeed is action to require that safety regulations be based on science instead of mythology. All current discussions of risk associated with nuclear energy is fundamentally based on the notion that there is "no safe dose" of radiation and that every exposure, down to a single low-energy gamma ray, carries a greater than zero probability of causing harm to human health.
That notion is false. It was imposed on the public with a carefully planned promotion campaign that culminated with a June 13, 1956 New York Times front page headline claiming that radiation was a peril to mankind. The headline was justified by a report from a committee representing the most credible scientific organization in the U.S., but that committee was stacked with people who owed loyalty to a foundation funded by the biggest of Big Oil. The chairman of that committee was the foundation employee who approved their research grants.
They were well-motivated to scare people about radiation and to overemphasize its hazards.
In the sixty years since that announcement was made, regulations have been ratcheted down to lower and lower levels while science has been discovering more and more evidence pointing to the fact that doses below certain levels are not only harmless, but healthy.
Upending the "no safe dose" basis for regulations will not be easy because there are many who benefit from the burdens that the assumption places on nuclear system development, deployment and operation. However, it is the right thing to do from a scientific and societal point of view.
Is There Hope For Action And Progress?
It's worth noting that there is a bipartisan, multicameral effort underway to draft and pass legislation that will take steps towards implementing some of the recommendations made in this and other reports about ways to enable nuclear energy development. Both the House and Senate have bills that are making their way through responsible committees.
Republicans and Democrats, conservatives and liberals have reasons to support nuclear energy development as a way to improve the economy, improve the environment, enable poverty reduction, reduce foreign entanglements and improve global stability. The Breakthrough Institute's most recent report does not have all the answers, but it is a report worth reading.
As the 2014-2015 school year draws to a close, many high school students around the state are already looking toward next year. The summer before one's freshman year of college is filled with many milestones like orientation and registration. However, there is one decision that few students are probably looking forward to: deciding how much student loan debt to take on.
The cost of college has risen at an exponential rate over the last couple of decades, and Texas colleges have not been immune to this trend. According to a recent article in the Houston Chronicle, Texas colleges' cost of tuition has more than doubled since 2003, the year the state did away with tuition regulation. This has allowed colleges in Texas to raise their tuition prices as much as they wish with no interference from the state.
The change in tuition prices has been enormous. The average cost of tuition for Texas colleges in 2013 was $3,951 per semester. Of course, this does not include the cost of housing and meal plans or any other fees students may incur.
Students are now leaving colleges with record high amounts of debt. (As the cliché goes, student loan debt numbers have now climbed higher than those of credit card debt.) As the state funds less and less of Texas colleges' budgets, universities are pushing these costs onto students and their families. There are cheerful reminders from colleges to “apply for scholarships” and “talk to your financial aid office,” but students rarely receive significant amounts of scholarship money or other forms of “gift aid.” Instead, they are encouraged to apply for more loans, and colleges tend to act as if these loans will benefit a student enormously. Perhaps they will in the short run, but the student is still saddled with thousands of dollars of debt after college.
According to a recent article in the Texan, there have been six bills supporting tuition regulation filed in the Texas Legislature. These bills only serve to emphasize the fact that more and more students in Texas are finding it difficult or simply impossible to pay for college. Tuition rates can (and usually will) increase from year to year. This makes it so that students who stay at one college for four or more years end up paying significantly more at the end of their college career than they were at the start.
Many university officials are in favor of keeping tuition deregulated. UT System Chancellor William McRaven was quoted in the Texan as saying that universities should remain deregulated, and should be “smart and thoughtful about how [they] have tuition increases.” Of course, having universities be “smart and thoughtful” about tuition increases is ideal. the past few years have shown that tuition deregulation has led less to thoughtfulness and more to substantial price increases.
It is certainly possible that tuition regulation could bring with it a larger set of problems. It is hard to imagine, however, that it would place an even greater burden on students. With tuition deregulation, students are being forced to take on massive amounts of debt as universities raise or keep prices steady every year. Many prospective students are even forced to give up on college entirely because of prices they can't afford.
University tuition should be re-regulated so that students are able to afford higher education. As it stands, students are pressured to take out an ever-increasing amount of loans in order to keep up with payments. If circumstances do not change, more and more students will have to give up on the thought of having a college education.
As next year's college freshmen make their decisions about where to go and what to do, they should not be made to feel as if they are drowning in loans before they even step on campus. They should feel free to pursue their chosen career path without the threat of debt hanging over them.
Dolan is a journalism freshman from Abilene. Follow Dolan on Twitter @mimimdolan.
CLOSE The late-night comics take a look at the Trump administration's scaled back plans. After you watch our favorite jokes, vote for yours at opinion.usatoday.com. USA TODAY Opinion_Eileen Rivers
Our top picks for the best of late night
Jimmy Kimmel (Photo: Vivien Killilea, Getty Images for Waterkeeper All)
Talk about waiting until the last minute! What has been an Easter tradition at the White House for more than 100 years seems to have been nearly forgotten by the Trump administration.
Plans for the annual White House Easter Egg Roll seemed stunted until Wells Wood Turning — the company that makes wooden eggs for the event — alerted the president, first lady and first daughter via Twitter that an order hadn't been placed. What will the White House use instead of eggs this year? Late-night comic Conan O'Brien gives us a clue in Punchlines, above.
And what do eggs have to do with Easter anyway? Jimmy Kimmel struggled to answer that question. He talks about his own Easter preparations in today's Punchlines.
Watch our favorite jokes, then vote for yours in the quick poll to the right. Watching from your smartphone or tablet? Then visit opinion.usatoday.com to cast your ballot.
Follow Eileen Rivers @msdc14.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2pBrvBh
The establishment of a carbon-neutral energy system requires massive investments in infrastructure such as wind turbines. Because distributed energy systems do not fit the business models of the old energy utilities, they continue to invest far too little in this sector. Meanwhile, many individual electric power consumers are interested in investing in renewable power infrastructure, but these investments are too large and require a level of expertise too advanced for individual households to be able to support them. How can consumers take matters into their own hands?
Wind cooperatives allow multiple households to pool their funds to collectively build one or more wind turbines. As co-owners, they make investment decisions and negotiate the terms with operators of larger electric networks. An urban example of this is the Middelgrunden Wind Turbine Cooperative, formed in 1997, which partnered with the Copenhagen municipal utility to build 20 wind turbines of 2MW capacity each, off the shore of Copenhagen. Københavns Energi, the municipal partner, has since then merged with several other companies to form the private energy company DONG Energy. The cooperative owns 10 of the turbines, while the other 10 are owned by DONG Energy. Over 8,500 people who mostly live in or around Copenhagen own the 40,500 shares of the co-op. The cooperative is organized as a partnership, and each partner has one vote, regardless of the number of shares. One wind turbine is a "children's wind turbine" — shareholders have had their children vote on their behalf and thereby participate in the decision-making process, learning how to organize a sustainable future as cooperation between people.
The cooperative benefits from the support of the Danish association of owners of wind turbines (founded in 1978 as Danske Vindkraftvaerker, later renamed Danmarks Vindmølleforening). This association has successfully lobbied the national government to create favorable conditions for the expansion of wind energy. In part due to its activities, cooperatives accounted for around 50 percent of Danish installed wind energy capacity in the 1980s to early 1990s, and 20 percent of installed capacity today.
Results:
The wind turbines were completed by 2001, and the output of the cooperative's turbines has been varying from 40-45,000 MWh in the last several years.
This is one of many examples in Denmark of wind power being produced as a result of the collective efforts of individuals interested in wind power.
There is high public support for wind power in Denmark, due in no small part to the fact that ordinary people, not just some distant shareholders, are direct beneficiaries.
Additional Resources:
FEASTA report on Denmark's wind cooperatives
Middelgrunden cooperative bylaws
English translation of Danish Promotion of Renewable Energy Act of 2008
This piece is an excerpt from Shareable's upcoming book, "Sharing Cities: Activating the Urban Commons." Keep an eye out for the public release of the book this summer.
Header image of wind turbines near Copenhagen, Denmark, by Lars Ploughmann via Flickr
Seriously, I don't like fixies
They're dangerous, difficult to use, and for some, it's viewed as reckless cycling.
Don't get me wrong though- I respect Fixed riders because we share the same passion as some of us have-But riding Fixed isn't really for me.
While many see fixies as a lifestyle, some push their rigs to the limit…
Anton is one of them. Meeting him before in a long distance ride at the Sierra Madre Route in Rizal, I found him quite odd that he used single speed. But when I joined the group that he was part of (Surly FFFinas) I was even more surprised he had different bikes that are set up in unique ways but all shared a common characteristic-either fixed or single speed, and fat.
Anton is obviously one of those strong riders out there but very professional. Don't let the beard strike fear in you! He's one of the most humble and kindest out there and his knowledge and skill with the bike will obviously make you believe that anything is possible.
Good thing I had a chance to chat with him about that Fat Fixie of his
PV: So what's the story behind the bike?
A: this i got second hand.. Not my idea- wish it was.. Tristan (a friend) built this frankenstein!! The only thing i did was give it life..
PV: hmmmm, I'm curious since we both ride Surlys it appears to me that the Fat Fixie isn't one, so what is it?
A: It's a Scott Boulder mtb size 24 steel frame converted into a fixed gear. The rear end was ‘katay' (cut up and reassembled) by a local frame builder Mr. Avelino Maldea (the legendary Filipino framebuilder) to fit those 3.0 tires on 50mm rims on the rear & 85mm rims up front.. Placed a bmx handlebar to make it like a bmx i used to ride when i was a kid.
PV: Wow, I've recently had an interest in Single Speed and would like to setup my own ride with those cool BMX bars- a tribute to that reckless youth in me, but what's strikes me curious is why ride fixed?
A: After riding roadbikes for 10yrs & riding Ss for about 8years(not as long as others, a little longer than some) I kinda got bored riding free wheeled bicycles.. That's why I liked this (fixed gear) build so much it gave cycling a new life…
PV: I see, I even rode with you at Reverse Palace in the Sky down South, Magnetic Hill +Sungay and Another Sierra Madre ride at the East (all at least 120km) and you used this with relative ease…so tell, me what's the most difficult ride you've had then?
A: . I don't have one in mind, But i have a difficult time waking up early for rides. Basically that's the hard part.
PV: hahahahaha! Well, it's a testament to your skill and strength that I think any ride is a welcome challenge for you. To end, What advice can you give tourers?
A: For me getting a good bike fit is a must.. Spending hours on a wrong fitted bike is the last thing you want & hydrate 3 days before a tour/long ride. Bow!
Perhaps one of the things, I appreciate in his builds is that clean look that everyone yearns for. I personally pack heavy and would like a lot of stuff on my rigs but perhaps someday, I'll setup mine like this one. Just don't get me riding fixed though (as I am clumsy as ever)
Advertisements
First of all, it was nicely packaged! Quite a lot of effort went into that, I could never package that neatly :) And it actually survived shipping!
All three items came with a nice card and comment, and there was a lovely letter attached. They were also again separately packaged.
My dorm unfortunately does not allow pets, but I got a cat image book instead :D I'm happy that that wish was followed.
"Hogfather" from Terry Pratchett - never owned it before so it will get me through the train rides home this winter :) In English too, which is a nice plus.
Last but not least, a bag-thingy to attach a phone to my bike. Not useful quite yet in this cold, but I'm already looking forward to cycling come spring again :)
Great gifts! Thank you santa!
Even as San Francisco works with Airbnb and other short-term rental services to extract the city's share of taxes, the city itself and local landlords are cracking down on laws that make it illegal rent out one's apartment.
Today's Chronicle story about local special education teacher Jeffrey Katz is not the first case of a landlord serving an eviction notice to an Airbnb host, but it is does paint a different side of the story. Unlike hosts and management companies that have begun building tiny rental empires in the cottage industry, Katz is not removing potential housing stock from the Market — a practice that has put local tenants' rights activists squarely in the anti-Airbnb corner. Instead, Katz is simply trying to make rent by hosting guests in his own living room. His eviction notice told him he was "illegally using the premises as a tourist or transient unit." It's a harsh truth that, by the letter of the law, short-term rentals are a crime in San Francisco.
According to the Planning Department, the city has seen a huge surge in complaints about short-term rentals since 2012 and 85 hosts are currently under investigation for renting out space. The problem has gotten so bad that hosts have started covering their tracks by listing their rentals at the wrong location and hiring people to pretend they are real tenants rather than quick guests. Airbnb, doesn't currently offer legal defense for hosts facing legal action for using their service, but make information about that the local laws available for anyone thinking of getting into the amateur bed-and-breakfast business.
Naturally, Airbnb wants to legalize and legitimize the service. Collecting hotel tax was the first step towards this, but board president David Chiu is still working on legislation (already two years in the making) that will amend city codes and legalize the practice. In the meantime, however, it is Airbnb's policy to simply tell anyone hit with an eviction notice to speak with a lawyer.
Previously: Airbnb To Start Collecting Hotel Tax In San Francisco
Tenant Claims He Was Evicted So Landlord Could Get Into AirBnB Racket
[Chron]
Ed Fonseca is the brave soul commandeering edythemighty.com, otakuexperience.com, and a range of other one-man enterprises on the internet, as well as a frequent contributor on the iPhone-themed website touchmyapps.com. A native of Puerto Rico living in the Cajun heartland of New Orleans, he spends his days watching new anime and saying “I saw it done better in an anime 10 years ago!” You can find him on Twitter as edythemighty.
Ushio and Tora is one of those 90s shounen anime that follows the formula set forth by shows like Tenchi Muyo and Inuyasha – a member of a family with priests and priestesses who unleash a powerful demon presence that soon becomes the main character's companion. Airing almost a decade before the other two, Ushio and Tora is a collection of 10 episodes of bad shounen clichés in a time where these clichés were being defined.
At one point, Ushio and Tora earned its creator several awards for the series, and even had a videogame adaptation on the SNES platform, which today looks and feels its age. Though it probably won't be getting an updated flash version like many Inuyasha games such as the one on Adult Swim's website, it's still in the history books as proof of Ushio and Tora's initial popularity, but subsequent fade into semi-obscurity and cult status.
Ushio and Tora tells the tale of young highschooler Ushio, who lives in a shrine with his immediate family, which includes his priest grandfather. Not unlike Tenchi Muyo, his grandfather tells Ushio stories of a demon named Tora, trapped in a room on the shrine's premises, held there by the power of a mystic spear once wielded by the demon hunter who beat Tora. After Ushio unseals Tora, he finds that the demon's presence attracts other demons, which soon become a danger to Ushio's family and friends. Ushio agrees to free Tora after the demon agrees to help him, and Ushio wields the mystical spear, which grants him great demon slaying powers.
Throughout the course of the anime, Ushio and Tora build a rather tenuous but all the more friendly relationship as Tora becomes accustomed to humans and the new world he has awoken to. Throughout the series we see Tora learning to cope with all the wonders of the modern world, which results in some very funny scenes, as the old demon has to battle the evils of the now, including metal demons, human women too smelly to eat, and more and more strange things. These scenes easily remind anyone of Inuyasha's adventures in Kagome's time, where his super sensitive nose and hearing cause him troubles as well adjusting to all the pollution in Kagome's time. In the end, we walk away knowing: It's hard out there for a demon nowadays.
These interactions Tora has with his new environment and the people around him are one of my favorite parts of the anime, as they show a very adorable, lost, but ultimately dangerous and wild demon fighting in a modern place unknown to him, not unlike a hipster who moves from the middle of Nowhere, Ohio to the bustling metropolis of New York.
Tora is not alone in this brave, new world. Ushio is along, but only because he agrees to be Tora's snack if he helps him defeat the demons that have come to his city. This forms the basis of these two's relationship at first, one trying to eat the other, but over time, rather predictably, Tora starts to show some degree of compassion for this brave human. Ushio is not afraid to face down demons, now matter how big they are, if it's to protect his family and friends. This fearless shounen archetype will later reappear endlessly throughout the next decade, much to our enjoyment – or chagrin.
This fearless male lead inevitably means that there's a helpless female character that Ushio and Tora must always save. This just so happens to be Inuoe, who is able to see Tora unlike most other humans, as she comes from a lineage of powerful priestesses. Several other powerful humans appear, including yet another stereotype, the angry vengeful demon hunter. Ushio and Tora is packed full of cheesy but very funny characters such as these, which make the series as a whole a treat, and a valuable look into the past, before Bleach, before Naruto, etc.
At only 10 episodes and available through $10-$15 through Amazon and other online retailers, it's very easy to buy this anime, and fall in love with all the cheesiness it has to offer in its very limited run. Ushio and Tora firmly established over ten years ago much of what is taken as cliché nowadays, but the series itself still remains fresh and accessible to today's audience of animation enthusiasts looking for something “new”.
A well known speaker started off his seminar by holding up a $20 bill. In the room of 200, he asked. "Who would like this $20 bill?"
Hands started going up. He said, "I am going to give this $20 to one of you - but first, let me do this."
He proceeded to crumple the 20 dollar note up. He then asked. "Who still wants it?" Still the hands were up in the air.
"Well," he replied, "what if I do this?" He dropped it on the
ground and started to grind it into the floor with his shoe. He picked it up, now crumpled and dirty. "Now, who still wants it?"
Still the hands went into the air.
"My friends, you have all learned a very valuable lesson. No
matter what I did to the money, you still wanted it because it did not decrease in value. It was still worth $20.
Many times in our lives, we are dropped, crumpled, and ground into the dirt by the decisions we make and the circumstances that come our way. We feel as though we are worthless; but no matter what happened or what will happen, you will never lose your value.
Dirty or clean, crumpled or finely creased, you are still
priceless to those who love you. The worth of our lives comes, not in what we do or who we know, but by ...WHO WE ARE.
You are special - don't ever forget it."
Share this story!
Share this story with your friends on Facebook, MySpace, Twitter...
Rate this story!
A commercial produced by Karl Rove's Crossroads GPS super PAC criticizing the Affordable Care Act is the latest to use a horror story that's been debunked, KDVR-TV reported.
In the ad, a woman identified as “Richelle” describes herself as part of a “single income family” that could not afford healthcare under the law, commonly known as Obamacare, when her husband decided to form his own business. Text flashing on the screen says, “Richelle had to go back to work.”
“[Sen.] Mark Udall's (D-CO) vote for Obamacare has hurt families in Colorado for small business owners that are trying to make it and support their family,” she says in the ad. “Mark Udall should repeal Obamacare.”
The ad closes with a message urging viewers to contact Udall and ask him to support a bill that would repeal the law.
In reality, however, Richelle McKim's LinkedIn profile revealed that she has been steadily employed since July 2008, when she worked from home for her husband's company. Since leaving that position in May 2010, she has also worked for Wattenberg Anadarko Petroleum and her current employer, Noble Energy. Between them, both companies have donated $93,550 in campaign contributions for state Rep. Cory Gardner (R), who is running to unseat Udall.
McKim's explanation for going back to work, however, ran counter to the way her narrative was presented in the commercial.
“It wasn't the Affordable Care Act,” she told KDVR. “It was just a financial burden, having a single income for so long.”
She did criticize the law, though, for mandating health insurance for U.S. residents, even if it requires insurance companies not to raise premiums for individuals with pre-existing conditions like her husband's high blood pressure. Her previous healthcare plan would have cost an extra $800 by adding her husband, she said, but at the time he was allowed to choose not to have insurance.
“It's alarming that when we have illegals here, they can still choose if they want health care,” McKim was quoted as saying. “But we as citizens no longer have that choice.”
The commercial featuring McKim is the latest in a long line of anti-Obamacare advertisements that have been debunked. Crooks & Liars reported on Tuesday that two watchdog groups, Public Citizen and ProtectOurElections.org, filed a lawsuit against the Federal Elections Commission demanding that Rove's organization reveal its donors list in keeping with federal election law.
Watch the commercial, as posted online, below.
[h/t ColoradoPols]
Statement by the anarchist Rouvikonas collective about todays occupation of the Spanish embassy in Athens, Greece; Against the repression of the Spanish state – Solidarity with the oppressed in Catalonia.
The occupied Spanish embassy in Athens, Greece earlier today.
Originally published by Athens Indymedia. Translated by Black Cat.
Note: Enough is not organizing any of these events, we are publishing this text for people across the US and Europe to be able to see what is going on and for documentation only.
Read all our reports about Catalonia; here.
Statement by Rouvikonas About the Occupation of the Spanish Embassy in Athens
Against the repression of the Spanish state – Solidarity with the oppressed in Catalonia
Nationalism is one of the most serious, contagious and deadly diseases that plague society. It's always born via the clash of the interests of dominant social classes either in the form of imperialist struggle in the case of national war or as a result of national repression, where a local hegemonic class uses it as a vehicle to ‘liberate' it's own herd. Next, nationalism would camouflage every social injustice or class discrepancy, creating the basis for the subsequent slaughter among the slaves in the name of their current or future masters. This is the causality of nationalism and billions of graves, massacres, desolation and indescribable human misery found in history prove just that.
This is what's happening in Catalonia. Since there's capitalism, the domestic bourgeoisie and the domestic political elite of a rich (in comparison to the others) region of a ‘civilized western state' wants its own herd. Against that, the national bourgeoisie and the state elite of the former Spanish empire, a state which still maintains the myth around the glory of the empire, sees the danger and reacts violently: violence, repression, prohibitions…
We could say: ‘why should we care?' If the bourgeois and the states want war and if the oppressed fall for that once again, would it suffice if we just condemned nationalism and called for a unity among the oppressed?
It would not suffice for anyone who wants to change the world and not just babble for the need to change it. As the Spanish anarcho-syndicalists from the CNT write, state independence won't guarantee the self-determination of the Catalan workers. But the barbarian attack against them constitutes an unquestionable violation of every idea of self-determination. It constitutes a regression to the tried and appalling way of national repression, a wound for the workers and the poor and one more reason for resistance. We must not forget that national oppression might become an instrument for the domestic dominant class that wants to roll its dice, but it's not the bourgeois who is a sooner or later end up at the hospital or the morgue. It's the people, which will endure this oppression in all of its extent.
That is what happened in Catalonia. The empty words of democracy once again proved to be unsubstantiated. As soon as the cold sweat from the loss of profit and power covers the dominant class, what follows are batons and weapons. As it always has been and it always will be for as long as states exist. How ridiculous is the argument of constitutional legality, cited by the Spanish government in order to repress those who do not want to be ruled by its constitution? How ridiculous are referendums and democratic processes which supposedly express the will of the people?
It's important to consider the following. Apart from the Catalans, the Basque also assert their independence. They have chosen the path of armed conflict against the Spanish state for decades now. How revealing is the fact that both the Catalans and the Basques, who have chosen two entirely different ways to fight for the same demand, ended up being treated with the same kind of violence, the same brutality.
Conclusion
As anarchists we fight for the complete and absolute self-determination of people: what we call self-management. The ability of the social majority to share the produced wealth and control directly and without any mediators the political decisions that concern society in its entirety. We won't get there through the creation of states. But this conclusion will never become an instrument that allows a state, a dominant power, to clash the will of the people. What happened in Catalonia was a brutal attack of submission and humiliation of a social majority.
We do not know whether this will continue. We are not aware whether the Catalan bourgeoisie and the political elite plan to turn this into a negotiation to gain extra privileges in Spain. We don't know if the popular imagination that evolved from the attacks will impose further developments. We look at the Spanish state with worry as it attempts to transfer the breach on the social basis through the use of civil war terminology calling for pro-unity mass nationalist rallies. We cannot ignore that this Spanish state is the descendant of the fascist Frankoist Spain, since in both Spain and in Greece, democracy has never really cleansed itself from the elements of the junta.
In any case the responsibility for past and possible future violence falls on the state. We trust that the revolutionary Spanish movement will handle the crisis and distinguish and use any progressive characteristics it can be identified within the Catalan movement. We won't point the finger of any ideological purity at the Catalans nor the Basques nor the Kurdish, nor any people who still fight despite all the violence, even if their proclaimed goals are hiding lethal dangers.
We stand by the oppressed in Catalonia, Basque Country, Spain.
We stand against state violence and repression.
This is why we came here to protest today.
Anarchist collective Rouvikonas, October 11, 2017
Video of the occupation:
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=b63_1508145461
Help maintain our site and continue our work: Donate
We returned on Monday night from Barcelona. But on Wednesday October 18th we will return to Barcelona. Please continue to support our independent on the ground reports. Its your support that makes it possible.
We want to stay independent and want to expand our work with coverage from on the ground across Europe and even beyond. Therefore we need your support. Help maintain our site and continue our work.
You can donate on our Paypal account: enough14@gmx.net
Crowdfunding campaign: https://www.youcaring.com/enough14solidarity
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
C++ is a general purpose programming language invented in the early 1980s by Bjarne Stroustrup at Bell Labs. It is similar to C, invented in the early 1970s by Dennis Ritchie, but is a safer language than C and includes modern programming techniques such as object oriented programming.
You can read more about object oriented programming. In fact, C++ was originally called C with Classes and is so compatible with C that it will probably compile more than 99% of C programs without changing a line of source code. This was a deliberate design feature by the designer. Here are a short overview and history of C++.
The purpose of C++ is to precisely define a series of operations that a computer can perform to accomplish a task. Most of these operations involve manipulating numbers and text, but anything that the computer can physically do can be programmed in C++. Computers have no intelligence- they have to be told exactly what to do and this is defined by the programming language you use. Once programmed they can repeat the steps as many times as you wish at very high speed. Modern PCs are so fast they can count to a billion in a second or two.
What can a C++ program do?
Typical programming tasks include putting data into a database or pulling it out, displaying high-speed graphics in a game or video, controlling electronic devices attached to the PC or even playing music and/or sound effects. You can even write software to generate music or help you compose.
Is C++ the best programming language?
Some computer languages were written for a specific purpose. Java was originally devised to control toasters, C for programming Operating Systems, Pascal to teach good programming techniques but C++ is a general purpose language and well deserves the "Swiss Pocket Knife of Languages" nickname. There are some tasks that can be done in C++ but not very easily, for example designing GUI screens for applications. Other languages like Visual Basic, Delphi and more recently C# have GUI design elements built into them and so are better suited for this type of task. Also, some scripting languages that provide extra programmability to applications like MS Word and even Photoshop tends to be done in variants of Basic, not C++.
You can find out more about the other computer languages and how they stack up against C++.
Which computers have C++?
This is better stated as which computers don't have C++! The answer- almost none, it is so widespread. It is a nearly universal programming language and can be found on most microcomputers, and all the way up to big computers costing millions of dollars. There are C++ compilers for just about every type of operating system.
How do I get started with C++?
First, you need a C++ compiler. There are many commercial and free ones available. The list below has instructions for downloading and installing each of the compilers. All three are completely free and include an IDE to make life easier for you to edit, compile and debug your applications.
The instructions also show you how to enter and compile your first C++ application.
How do I begin writing C++ applications?
C++ is written using a text editor. This can be notepad or an IDE like those supplied with the three compilers listed above. You write a computer program as a series of instructions (called statements) in a notation that looks a little like mathematical formulas.
int c=0; float b= c*3.4+10;
This is saved out in a text file and then compiled and linked to generate machine code which you then can run. Every application you use on a computer will have been written and compiled like this, and many of them will be written in C++. Read more about compilers and how they work. You can't usually get hold of the original source code unless it was open source.
Is there plenty of C++ Open Source?
Because it is so widespread, much open source software has been written in C++. Unlike commercial applications, where the source code is owned by a business and never made available, open source code can be viewed and used by anyone. It's an excellent way to learn coding techniques.
Could I get a programming job?
Certainly. There are many C++ jobs out there and an immense body of code exists that will need updating, maintaining and occasionally rewriting. The top three most popular programming languages according to the quarterly Tiobe.com survey, are Java, C and C++.
You could write your own games but you'll need to be artistic or have an artist friend. You'll also need music and sound effects. Find out more about game development. Perhaps a professional 9-5 career would suit you better- read about a professional career or perhaps consider entering the world of software engineering writing software to control nuclear reactors, aircraft, space rockets or for other safety critical areas.
What Tools and Utilities are there?
YU Xuewei, the head of the company, Rui Hai International Logistics, which owned the chemical warehouse was given a suspended death sentence by judges on Wednesday. The Tianjin court said he had paid bribes to get permission to store more than 49,000 tons of sodium cyanide and other toxic chemicals in the city port between 2013 and 2015. The death sentence was likely to be converted into life imprisonment after two years.
Yu told the judges he regretted his actions and would not appeal. "I want to use this opportunity to apologize to those who died and were hurt in the blasts and their families, as well as all the citizens of the nation," Chinese state channel CCTV reported.
Other courts in Tianjin sentenced 48 others, including 25 local government officials, workers who skipped duty, took bribes and abused power. A dozen Rui Hai officials were convicted of participating in the scheme. Another 11 from another company were sentenced for providing false certificates to Rui Hai.
Dead fish float in the Haihe River Dam after possible industrial pollution
The explosions occurred at Rui Hai's chemical warehouse last year and were one of the worst industrial accidents to hit China.
Investigations revealed that the blast took place when stocks of nitrocesllusose, used as a binding agent with medical applications and in lacquer, caught fire in the August heat. The flames spread to illegal stores of the fertilizer ammonium nitrate, triggering more blasts and damaging a nearby parking lot and apartment block.
The dead included 99 policemen and 11 firefighters who were not told about the presence of more explosive chemicals. Nearly 800 people living close to the warehouse were injured. A part of Tianjin's northern port was devastated and cyanide pollution rose far beyond national limits.
mg/kl (AFP, AP)
When two sheets of graphene are stacked in a special way, it is possible to cool down the graphene with a laser instead of heating it up, University of Manchester researchers have shown.
In an article published in Nano Letters, a multi-national team of scientists including Dr Aravind Vijayaraghavan from Manchester, Professor Ado Jorio from Belo Horizonte in Brazil and Professor Lukas Novotny from Zurich have shown how laser light interacts with a special kind of graphene to cool it down. This would make it possible to make electronic devices of graphene run cooler and faster simply by shining a laser on it.
In their experiment, the scientists used two stacked sheets of graphene, but with one sheet rotated by 11.3° with respect to the other. Lasers are commonly used to make things hotter, to burn them or even to melt metal. But this so called ‘twisted bi-layer graphene' has very unique properties. At special combinations of twist angle and laser energy, the exact opposite happens.
Dr Vijayaraghavan, who leads the Nano-functional Materials Group, explains “In any material, heat is stored in the vibrations of atoms; in a hot material, atoms are vibrating faster than in a colder material. When a laser of a specific energy (colour) is shone on this twisted graphene, the particles of light in the laser (called photons) will absorb the vibration energy of the atoms, thereby cooling the system down.”
Nick Clark, a PhD student in Vijayaraghavan's group, describes how this special graphene is produced. “When we make graphene flakes using sticky tape, some flakes have edges which are straight, giving an indication of the direction the atoms are oriented in. We identify two such flakes, and then line them up so that the straight edges are at a fixed angle. The angle we need to produce depends on the colour of the laser light we will be using.”
According to Dr Vijayaraghavan, this new discovery has tremendous technological implications. He adds “As you might have experienced, if a computer chips runs fast, it gets very hot. This will also be true for future computer chips that might be made with graphene. If it is possible to cool down the chip, then it can run faster. Currently, people use air conditioning, cold water or even liquid nitrogen to keep their computers cool. A future graphene computer might be cooled by shining a laser on it.”
Notes for editors
The paper, Optical-phonon resonances with saddle-point excitons in twisted-bilayer graphene by A Jorio, M Kasperczyk, N Clark, E Neu, P Maletinsky, A Vijayaraghavan, and L Novotny appears in Nano Letters (10.1021/nl502412g) on 16/09/2014, and is the result of a collaboration involving researchers from Manchester, Belo Horizonte, Zurich and Basel.
Dr Vijayaraghavan is available for comment.
Images of graphene can be downloaded from http://www.condmat.physics.manchester.ac.uk/imagelibrary/ and images specific to this story are available from the Press Office.
For media enquiries please contact:
Daniel Cochlin
Graphene Communications and Marketing Manager
The University of Manchester
0161 275 8382
07917 506158
www.graphene.manchester.ac.uk
www.manchester.ac.uk
Twitter: @UoMGraphene
Middle Class and Poor America must be climbing the walls. President Barack Obama ran a middle class centric campaign and won handily, and added to the Senate and the House. Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan's policies were soundly rejected. President Obama's 2nd Inaugural Speech gave the impression that he would be presenting his version of FDR's 2nd Bill Of Rights.
Instead, the president has fallen into the Republican trap: a false narrative that the biggest crises facing America are our national debt and our budget deficits. In fact, neither of these are insurmountable, nor do they need to be tackled now. The results of attempting austerity and debt reduction during recessions are clear. The United Kingdom and European Union countries that attempted this have depressed their economies further.
When one focuses on numbers and not emotions, clarity comes quickly. Paul Krugman's New York Times article “Dwindling Deficit Disorder” needs to be read by our President. He should also pass it on to every Congressman and Senator.
Krugman states:
For three years and more, policy debate in Washington has been dominated by warnings about the dangers of budget deficits. A few lonely economists have tried from the beginning to point out that this fixation is all wrong, that deficit spending is actually appropriate in a depressed economy. But even though the deficit scolds have been wrong about everything so far — where are the soaring interest rates we were promised? — protests that we are having the wrong conversation have consistently fallen on deaf ears.
The fact that Nobel Prize winning economist Paul Krugman along with economists like Joseph Stiglitz' numbers and predictions over the years have been spot on while those “sanctioned” by Wall Street (e.g., Peter Morici) have been steadily wrong speaks poorly of the media's reporting and politician's honesty or at best their knowledge.
Krugman continues explaining the realities of “public debt management”:
People still talk as if the deficit were exploding, as if the United States budget were on an unsustainable path; in fact, the deficit is falling more rapidly than it has for generations, it is already down to sustainable levels, and it is too small given the state of the economy.
Bear in mind that the budget doesn't have to be balanced to put us on a fiscally sustainable path; all we need is a deficit small enough that debt grows more slowly than the economy. To take the classic example, America never did pay off the debt from World War II — in fact, our debt doubled in the 30 years that followed the war. But debt as a percentage of G.D.P. fell by three-quarters over the same period.
Yes, we'll want to reduce deficits once the economy recovers, and there are gratifying signs that a solid recovery is finally under way. But unemployment, especially long-term unemployment, is still unacceptably high. “The boom, not the slump, is the time for austerity,” John Maynard Keynes declared many years ago. He was right — all you have to do is look at Europe to see the disastrous effects of austerity on weak economies. And this is still nothing like a boom.
Krugman acknowledges the structural problems that must be addressed with an aging population in the long term (but first, we need to assure a robust recovery).
There are, of course, longer-term fiscal issues: rising health costs and an aging population will put the budget under growing pressure over the course of the 2020s. But I have yet to see any coherent explanation of why these longer-run concerns should determine budget policy right now. And as I said, given the needs of the economy, the deficit is currently too small.
Krugman acknowledges that many are using the fear of the debt and deficit as an excuse to dismantle the social safety net:
Now, I'm aware that the facts about our dwindling deficit are unwelcome in many quarters. Fiscal fearmongering is a major industry inside the Beltway, especially among those looking for excuses to do what they really want, namely dismantle Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. People whose careers are heavily invested in the deficit-scold industry don't want to let evidence undermine their scare tactics; as the deficit dwindles, we're sure to encounter a blizzard of bogus numbers purporting to show that we're still in some kind of fiscal crisis.
He finishes with the reality that must be broadcast loudly and often throughout the country.
The deficit is indeed dwindling, and the case for making the deficit a central policy concern, which was never very strong given low borrowing costs and high unemployment, has now completely vanished.
Many get upset when the President is accused of not leading. Most people who have made that accusation were rarely friends of the middle class, the poor, or of this President. The President has now been re-elected by a substantial margin. The policies he ran on are what most Americans want. These are not policies that can be considered the tyranny of the majority that need protection from Senate filibusters and obstructionists Republicans in the House (e.g., the majority pilfering the wealthy minority, the majority taking away rights of the minority). After-all, the converse is true.
With that said one must admit that if the debate is on the debt and deficits and not what ails the economy, the middle class, the poor, the students, the veterans, etc., then it is fact that the President is not using his bully pulpit to lead and to educate. It is true that the Right Wing echo chamber has polluted the body politic with misinformation as Krugman so aptly states. It is the President's duty too now to begin the real fight against the damage inflicted on America by the Right. He is not leading on this issue. He has no more elections to be concerned about. It is time for him to pull his Party kicking and screaming if necessary to do the right thing.
No cuts to Social Security. Raise the cap to ensure that the wealthy pays in more.
Reform Medicare to prevent drug companies, hospitals, and specialists from pilfering the country's coffers.
Tax capital gains at the same rate as working people's income.
Remove all corporate tax breaks for companies that offshore and outsource American jobs.
This is not a tax the rich scheme. Thee are policies that acknowledge the structural income and wealth disparity built into our form of capitalism that can only be mitigated through policies that act as a damper to a structural defect. Is a teacher or professor worth orders of magnitude less than the broker or banker she taught? I cover much of this in my book “As I See It: Class Warfare The Only Resort To Right Wing Doom”.
In 2011 when the discussion focused solely on the debt and deficits, it took the emergence of Occupy Wall Street to change the narrative. Income inequality and wealth disparity entered the lexicon. After an election where middle class, income, and wealth was likely uttered more than in the last 30+ years, it is incumbent that the President, his Party, the middle class, and the poor do not allow Republicans to change the narrative for their ultimate goal of destroying America's social safety net. It may take a new Occupy style movement to peacefully march on the streets with resolve to demand that their will is effected.
LIKE My Facebook Page – Visit My Blog: EgbertoWillies.com
Follow @EgbertoWillies
Previous Update: Hextech Revolution
Breakthrough!
by Montesque64 (edited by Agrofox and CupcakeTrap)
No appreciation for genius!
A harried looking yordle stooped over her work table. The air was hazy and smelled of ozone. The room was lit only by the two hexglobes she had managed to sneak in. The administration had told her to make due with candles, as hexglobes were “an unjustifiable expense”. Candles!
She moved a sigil slightly to the left, and inspected the new pattern it formed, squinting in the dim light. “No immediate practical purpose, low chance of successful resolution.” That was what the notice had said, informing her of her eviction from her laboratory, and her new station in the Academy's basement. Now her former workspace housed some young upstart's hextechnical carriage, for all the chance that had to do any good!
She knew what the sand was now. Pyrikhos, they called it, but she knew it was both more, and less than they thought. Simply Void tainted sand…but such promise! Its magical properties were undeniable, but unpredictable and badly understood. Ziggs had been excited by its quick combustion, but even he had failed to make the black sand react reliably. Well, to be fair, so has everyone else, she thought, as she moved another glyph into a slightly different alignment.
They had all given up, everyone from Heimerdinger down to the lowest research assistant. Everyone save her. She knew there had to be some way to stabilize pyrikhos. She had tried matrices, containment fields, countervailing explosions, and more, but still the pyrikhos reacted in unexpected ways, and slowly, steadily, her support in the Yordle Academy of Piltover had eroded, leaving her safely out of the “real” scientists' way in her basement cell.
Merricurry stared at the array of runes in front of her. It was her 2,958th array. It would almost certainly work exactly as well as the others had. Just well enough to invite further mockery and disdain. She had once had everything she'd wanted. A prestigious post at the Academy, Heimerdinger's respect, research assistants who looked up to her, and an almost unlimited amount of funding. Now, she had nothing, except the imminent and predictable failure of what should have been her greatest work.
With a growl of frustration, the yordle struck her fist into the array, scattering the runes about. Her head sank to the table, as bitter tears fell from her eyes.
Suddenly, she became aware of a glow. The scientist's brow creased, and she raised her head. In front of her, the pyrikhos glowed with a purple light, arcing from one glyph to the next in a controlled cascade. The instruments around her lit up, as power from the runic array began to flow into them, and her eyes widened. As if a voice spoke within her mind, abruptly, she knew the answer, knew why her efforts, and those of her colleagues had always failed. It was all so simple! At last, Merricurry smiled, her face bathed in the otherworldly glow of her triumph.
In another land, another room, also beneath the ground, an identical purple glow bathed the walls of the room and the people within it.
“Watch, please, as I apply the Ooze to this rat, found in the sewers of Zaun. Perhaps of much the same sort as produced my respected colleague, Twitch.” The hunched figure of Singed, the Mad Chemist, stood before the podium and nodded towards one of the figures in the front row of the audience. The audience member cackled from somewhere amongst its heavy robes.
Singed coughed, and took a swig from the fiercely glowing red flask at his belt. He turned towards the switch on the complex mechanism in which the rat was held. With a slow flourish, basking in the held breath of the audience, he flipped the switch. The purple liquid, byproduct of the Void invasion, flowed into the captive rodent. The creature shrieked, shuddered, and then lay still, purple liquid dribbling from its eyes and mouth.
The Mad Chemist motioned to his side, and one of his assistants, face a mass of scar tissue, brought another rat forward. Singed strapped the new subject in efficiently, and turned back to face the audience. “As we know, approximately 57% of test subjects display this reaction. The other 43% display mutations of varying severity and utility, with 89% of surviving subjects mutating in such a way that they are incapable of continued life.”
Taking a massive syringe from behind the podium, Singed injected the reservoir of ooze full of pyrikhos. The purple glow intensified, bathing the chemist and his audience in shifting shadows.
“Now, witness what happens when the ooze is laced with the substance recently discovered in Shurima desert. The black sand which the Piltoverians call “pyrikhos.”
Again, the machine whirred, and another rat was pumped full of the Void ooze. This rat as well shrieked and quivered, but it did not lay still. It twisted, and bucked, and snarled, and began to grow. Spikes began to pierce its skin from within its body, and its eyes began to bulge, but also to look about the room with a growing spark of light, as if intelligence was amassing itself within the rat's very skull. Abruptly, Singed deactivated the machine. He nonchalantly tossed a small pill into the rat's containment apparatus, which exploded into a small cloud of gas. The rat's flesh sloughed from its bones, and the bones themselves began to erode before the gas dissipated harmlessly.
“With the injection of Pyrikhos, the survival rate is 85%. Additionally,” the chemist smiled widely, shadows dancing across him from the purple glow from behind, “The beneficial mutation rate is similarly high in survivors.”
Across Runeterra, news spread. A revolution was breaking, and Hextech would never be the same.
GD Thread
Next Update: Trouble, Right Here In Bandle City!
Appeals Court: Arresting Guy For Filming Cops Was A Clear Violation Of Both 1st & 4th Amendments
from the huge-victory-for-free-speech dept
Gathering information about government officials in a form that can readily be disseminated to others serves a cardinal First Amendment interest in protecting and promoting "the free discussion of governmental affairs." Mills v. Alabama, 384 U.S. 214, 218 (1966). Moreover, as the Court has noted, "[f]reedom of expression has particular significance with respect to government because '[i]t is here that the state has a special incentive to repress opposition and often wields a more effective power of suppression.'" First Nat'l Bank, 435 U.S. at 777 n.11 (alteration in original) (quoting Thomas Emerson, Toward a General Theory of the First Amendment 9 (1966)). This is particularly true of law enforcement officials, who are granted substantial discretion that may be misused to deprive individuals of their liberties....
[....]
In our society, police officers are expected to endure significant burdens caused by citizens' exercise of their First Amendment rights. See City of Houston v. Hill, 482 U.S. 451, 461 (1987) ("[T]he First Amendment protects a significant amount of verbal criticism and challenge directed at police officers."). Indeed, "[t]he freedom of individuals verbally to oppose or challenge police action without thereby risking arrest is one of the principal characteristics by which we distinguish a free nation from a police state." Id. at 462-63. The same restraint demanded of law enforcement officers in the face of "provocative and challenging" speech, id. at 461 (quoting Terminiello v. Chicago, 337 U.S. 1, 4 (1949)), must be expected when they are merely the subject of videotaping that memorializes, without impairing, their work in public spaces.
[....]
The presence of probable cause was not even arguable here. The allegations of the complaint establish that Glik was openly recording the police officers and that they were aware of his surveillance. For the reasons we have discussed, we see no basis in the law for a reasonable officer to conclude that such a conspicuous act of recording was "secret" merely because the officer did not have actual knowledge of whether audio was being recorded.
We've had a lot of stories this year about police arresting people for filming them . It's become quite a trend. Even worse, a couple weeks ago, we wrote about a police officer in Massachusetts, Michael Sedergren, who is trying to get criminal wiretapping charges brought against a woman who filmed some police officers beating a guy. This officer claims that the woman violated Massachusetts anti-wiretapping law, a common claim from police in such situations.Segederin may have been better off if he'd waited a couple weeks for an appeals court ruling that came out Friday, because that ruling found that arresting someone for filming the police is a clear violation of both the First Amendment and the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution. How the case got to this point is a bit complex, but basically, a guy named Simon Glik saw some police arresting someone in Boston, and thought they were using excessive force. He took out his camera phone and began recording. The police saw that and told him to stop taking pictures. He told them he was recording them, and that he'd seen them punch the guy they were arresting. One officer asked him if the phone recorded audio as well and Glik told him it did. At that point, they arrested him, saying that recording audio was a violation of Massachusetts wiretap laws.Even more ridiculous, they then had him charged not just with that, but also with disturbing the peace and "aiding in the escape of a prisoner." After realizing that last one didn't even pass the guffaw test, Massachusetts officials dropped that charge. A Boston court then dumped the other charges and Glik was free. However, he wanted to take things further, as he thought his treatment was against the law. He first filed a complaint with Boston Police Internal Affairs who promptly set about totally ignoring it. After they refused to investigate, Glik sued the officers who arrested him and the City of Boston in federal court for violating both his First and Fourth Amendment rights. The police officers filed for qualified immunity, which is designed to protect them from frivolous charges from people they arrest.The district court rejected the officers' rights to qualified immunity, saying that their actions violated the First & Fourth Amendments. Before the rest of the case could go on, the officers appealed, and that brings us to Friday's ruling, which, once again, unequivocally states that recording police in public is protected under the First Amendment, and that the use of Massachusetts wiretapping laws to arrest Glik was a violation of his Fourth Amendment rights as well. The ruling (pdf) is a fantastic and quick read and makes the point pretty clearly. Best of all, it not only says that it was a clear violation, but that the officers were basically full of it in suggesting that this was even in question. The court more or less slams the officers for pretending they had a valid excuse to harass a guy who filmed them arresting someone.The 4th Amendment bit may not be as widely applicable, since it mainly focuses on the Massachusetts wiretapping law. Here, the court notes that the law only covers audio recording. But there is no indication that Glik did any of his filming in secret. It found the officers' arguments that he could have been doing lots of things on his mobile phone completely uncompelling, stating that the "argument suffers from factual as well as legal flaws."The full ruling is embedded below, but a few choice quotes:While this case isn't over yet, it's still a huge victory for those arrested by police for filming them in action. It suggests such people can bring charges against the police for civil rights violations in taking away their First Amendment rights. A tremendous ruling all around.
Filed Under: 1st amendment, 4th amendment, arrests, chilling effects, filming, free speech, massachusetts, police
Flossing is like Mitt Romney– it has an image problem it can't seem to shake.
I was at the dentist the other day and we end up talking about it. I had to force him to choose. It was hard, but Â he finally admitted it. In fact, the whole dental office agreed.
Flossing is more important, but nobody wants to tell you.
They don't want to tell you because they think you'll stop brushing, so no one has the courage to tell you flossing is better and results in less cavities.
So I figured, ok, now that I've gotten them to admit this, I wonder if this will change my behaviour.
Turns out it does.Â Once I knew flossing is more important than brushing, I started flossing immediately.Â Now I'm flossing all over the place. Twice, sometimes three times a day! And I didn't stop brushing either.
The fact is, what's wrong with most problems is their presentation.Â Not the idea itself, but the way it is
It isn't clear enough. Being on the inside clouds our judgment. The project, and the public, suffer as a result.
I dare you to ask your dentist which is more important. I'd be fascinated to see whether it changes your habits.
So I made something I'd like you to share. Spread it. Maybe make it your iPhone background. Let's see if it changes the way you think.
After you read this post and follow its instructions, you will be able to show how all the money and energy being spent on censoring the Internet was pointless. Plus, give yourself a more free web browsing experience.
As Rick pointed out in a recent post, the United States Government has declared war on trade, making its attack through the DNS system: one of the most critical and forgotten pieces of infrastructure on the Internet. Governments all over the world are destroying access to information by the corruption of local DNS systems. It's time we reclaim our Internet by taking back our DNS.
Too Long; Didn't Read Blah blah blah Travis, just tell me what I need to know….Okay go to UseOpenNIC.org and follow the instructions
There are currently many “Alt-Roots” out there for you to choose from, and many more are popping up every day, even when writing this post I had a friend ask me to write about some of these new bitcoin based DNS systems instead. When dealing with DNS, however, I want a reliable system that has been proven; a system that is democratic and decentralized; I want OpenNIC.
To give a brief overview: OpenNIC is over 12 years old (which is basically 120 years old in Internet time), and is the DNS root used by many popular people within our community such as TiAMO (Pirate Bay dude) and NovaKing (EZTV dude). It has a mailing list where new TLDs are democratically voted on; a transparent way of knowing who is logging what when you use their server for your DNS; and the ability to choose what country your DNS goes through. Finally, and most importantly for most people, it still resolves ICAAN TLDs so you can still go to your favourite dot-coms (and even better, you can go to your favourite dot-coms even if they are blocked in your country).
OpenNIC TLDs are community owned so they don't get seized, even if a server was shut off, the TLDs would still resolve through the system due to the decentralized nature of the network. Finally when you switch your DNS to OpenNIC you have removed the power of your government and the United States government to block what websites you go to. By making this quick and transparent change to your computer, you are protecting the internet
I have created a very simple website to help you sign up for OpenNIC in under a minute, go to http://useopennic.org, put in the country you want your DNS to be in, select your operating system, and you will get a guide which will help you setup your computer in less than a minute.
The San Francisco 49ers head into the NFL Combine with four running backs under contract. That group includes Carlos Hyde, Mike Davis, DuJuan Harris, and Jarryd Hayne. They also have Kendall Gaskins as an exclusive rights free agent, Shaun Draughn as either a restricted or unrestricted free agent (I'm still trying to clarify that - update: he is an RFA), and Reggie Bush as an unrestricted free agent.
Hyde seemingly is the guy to handle the bulk of the work, but his bruising style makes it hard to see him having a lengthy career without one or two backs helping out. The team has Mike Davis, but it remains to be seen how well he emerges after a less than stellar rookie season. And then there's this. Eric Branch brought up a good point about Chip Kelly's offense. Over the three seasons he coached the Philadelphia Eagles, the team ranked No. 7 in the NFL in rushing attempts.
Branch brought that up in a discussion of potential first round prospects the 49ers might consider. He mentioned Ezekiel Elliott given Hyde's punishing style, and Kelly's running game:
Carlos Hyde, also from Ohio State, is a punishing runner who absorbs too much punishment to handle a 250-carry workload. With Elliott, Chip Kelly could have a potent backfield to employ his run-heavy attack. The Eagles ranked seventh in the NFL in rushing attempts in his three seasons.
I don't expect the 49ers to use a first round pick on a running back, but could we see it happen? Or does the team just re-sign Draughn and roll him out with Davis and Harris to spell Hyde sufficiently? The 49ers have drafted a running back every year dating back to 2009. Does it happen again this year? Last year showed you can find plenty of talent in free agency, or potentially with a late round pick, so I'm not sure we need to see a particularly sizable investment of assets to improve depth at the position.
AUSTIN, Texas -- A group of Texas legislators on Monday called for a criminal investigation by the Texas Rangers, the state's top criminal investigation agency, into Baylor University's sexual assault scandal and requested state financial sanctions until an investigation is completed.
State Rep. Roland Gutierrez, a Democrat from San Antonio, introduced Texas House Resolution 664 calling for the criminal investigation Friday. In a news conference Monday with fellow state Democrat lawmakers Rep. Ana Hernandez, Rep. Carol Alvarado and Rep. Diana Arévalo, Gutierrez demanded more accountability for "the obstruction of justice that has happened at Baylor University."
"What has happened here in Waco, what happened at Baylor, is so far different from any university in the state," Gutierrez said. "We can't stop bad things from happening, but we sure as hell can demand accountability. We sure as hell can demand that people protect our children."
Gutierrez called for a "sizable reduction" in the allocation of Tuition Equalization Grants the state provides to Baylor University until "full accountability is realized and concrete measures are in place to make certain that nothing like this ever happens again at Baylor or any other university in Texas." Baylor, a private school, was allocated more than $10.4 million in TEGs in the 2016 fiscal year.
Gutierrez also asked Abbott that at least $5 million be allocated from the Department of Public Safety in order to carry out a comprehensive Texas Rangers investigation. Gutierrez said he plans to speak with the governor's office and with DPS director Steven McCraw soon regarding his requests.
A Baylor spokesperson said the university continues to pledge its full cooperation with governmental and law enforcement authorities and disclosed that representatives from the U.S. Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights will visit its campus this week to meet with administrators and students.
"Our hearts are heavy at the thought of anyone experiencing sexual assault within the Baylor family," the university said in a statement. "As we have said previously, any such acts are reprehensible and unacceptable. The university remains committed to eliminating all forms of sexual and gender-based harassment and discrimination within our campus community."
Baylor says it has already completed or enacted 80 of the 105 recommendations made by Pepper Hamilton, the Philadelphia law firm that conducted the independent investigation of Baylor last year. The school says it has also made "significant strides" in bolstering its Title IX efforts and its university police department.
The findings of the Pepper Hamilton investigation resulted in Baylor's board of regents firing football coach Art Briles, suspending athletic director Ian McCaw and demoting president Kenneth Starr; McCaw and Starr later resigned.
By Aliia Raimbekova
ASTANA, Kazakhstan
The seventh round of Astana talks on Syria will be held on Oct. 30-31, Kazakhstan's Foreign Ministry has announced Thursday.
During the talks, several issues will be discussed including regulations on the release of hostages, prisoners, the transfer of bodies of the dead and the search for missing persons, the ministry said in a statement.
At a meeting in Kazakh capital Astana on May 4, the guarantor countries -- Russia, Turkey, and Iran -- signed a deal to establish de-escalation zones in Syria to ensure the continuation of a cease-fire deal reached last December.
The de-escalation zones were created to enhance the effectiveness of the cease-fire, end conflicts, bring humanitarian aid to those in need, and establish necessary conditions for the return of those displaced.
The three guarantor states, as well as representatives of the Damascus-based Assad regime and some opposition factions, met in Astana in September for a sixth round of talks aimed at ending the six-year conflict.
Syria has been locked in a vicious civil war since 2011, when the Assad regime cracked down on pro-democracy protests with unexpected ferocity. Since then, hundreds of thousands of people have been killed in the conflict, according to the UN.
There have been calls for an inquiry after minister disclosed that birth rates for girls and boys vary noticeably according to where their mothers were born.
It was the first official statistical evidence potentially backing up concerns that sex-selection abortions are being carried out in Britain.
Fiona Bruce, the Conservative MP for Congleton, has tabled an early day motion which calls on the Department of Health to ensure the data of aborted foetuses is reported “so that statistical evidence of crime cannot be hidden”.
The early day motion was also signed by Jim Dobbin, the Labour MP for Heywood and Middleton.
Lord Alton of Liverpool, a crossbench peer and former MP who campaigns against abortion, said the Government “should take note of the welcome news that MPs from both sides of the Commons have joined forces to call for an end to the Department of Health's refusal to collect data on sex selection abortions”.
“It cannot be right that the lives unborn children are being ended simply on the grounds of its gender and that Ministers and officials refuse to act and assess the data,” he said.
The Department for Heath last week said there are “absolutely” no plans to collect data on the sex of unborn babies at the time of abortion because it would raise “serious ethical and clinical issues”.
Abortions for non-medical reasons are legal until 24 weeks, but terminations on grounds of sex of the foetus are illegal under the 1967 Abortion Act.
Mrs Bruce's early day motion calls on Parliament to join her in registering “its profound shock at recent confirmation by the Department of Health that there are discrepancies in the balance between the number of boys and girls born to groups of women from some overseas countries to an extent that `falls outside the range considered possible without intervention'”.
The practice of aborting unborn babies on the basis of sex has long been considered a problem in areas of India and China, where boys are sometimes considered favourable for cultural or economic reasons.
There has been little official research on whether the practice is carried out in some of Britain's immigrant communities.
Many hospitals have stopped giving parents information on the gender of their babies until late in the pregnancy.
However, blood tests that disclose the sex of a foetus are widely available on the internet or abroad.
In 2010 there were 189,574 terminations in England and Wales, an eight per cent increase in the past decade.
A Department of Health spokesman said: "Abortion based on sex selection is illegal and is morally wrong. UK birth ratios are within normal limits. However, we continue to closely monitor ratios and we are in the process of analysing preliminary data. If anyone has evidence of sex selection abortions being performed in specific cases, we will refer to the police to investigate.
"Identifying the gender of aborted foetuses raises serious ethical and clinical issues. We absolutely have no plans to introduce such a practice."
View Caption Hide Caption James and Love found themselves in a nonsense controversy recently. (Getty Images)
It could not have been surprising to Dwyane Wade when it became national news that Cleveland forward Kevin Love was not included in LeBron James' Instagram posts.
Wade went through the media circus while playing with James for four years in Miami and shook his head at how it possibly became a story that James and Love are merely sort-of-good friends as opposed to best friends.
“I think it's stupid,” Wade said. “It's stupid. I guess there's nothing else to talk about. But LeBron is used to it. He's had the spotlight on him for a long time, so everything he's involved with is gonna be a topic. He understands that. His comment recently was just to shut it down.
“People can't expect you to be best friends with all your teammates. You know how many teammates we've had over our career? People don't have that many best friends. You're teammates with some guys, cordial with other guys, friendly with some guys — that's just the way it is in everything. It's a lot made of nothing.”
(Is Cavs coach David Blatt OK with LeBron calling plays? See this video report.)
Wade said players generally find things like that amusing, but in some cases it can become a legitimate issue.
“When you're going through a season like that, you don't need it,” Wade said of Cleveland, which is in its first year with James, Love and Kyrie Irving. “There are a lot of distractions already and this is just an added distraction that you don't need at all. That's all it is in Cleveland right now is a distraction over something that doesn't mean anything.
“It's something you shouldn't have to talk about. If you get enough of those, then it becomes a problem. It's a distraction to have to sit down after wins or losses or whatever and have to talk about are you buddy-buddy with this guy and what's y'all's relationship. Why are we talking about that? Let's talk about wins and losses and whether we're playing well. It becomes a distraction, but at the same time, you've gotta find stories. Stuff gets boring. People gotta have stuff to talk about. What was the outcome? Are they friends or are they not friends? I didn't watch the coverage.”
They are friends, just not best friends.
Actually, James claims to have only three really close friends in the league. Congrats, Dwyane, you made the list.
“Oh, thank you,” Wade joked. “He's been in this life so long that he's had to — more so than other people, he keeps a small group around him. You see that in his business partners and his life and his four horsemen and his friends. He keeps a tight group. He's never been the guy that opens up to be best friends with so many people. He has a select few. Some people don't have that many. He has three. I know a lot of people that don't have one or two, so he's winning.”
All of this nonsense begs the question: HOW GOOD OF FRIENDS ARE YOU WITH GORAN DRAGIC? GOOD FRIENDS? OK FRIENDS? BFFS?
“We're good friends,” Wade said.
When Isaiah Washington was fired from his role as Dr. Preston Burke on ABC's Grey's Anatomy in 2007 for using homophobic slurs not once, but twice, in public, "everything just fell apart," the actor said in a recent interview with The Huffington Post.
"After the incident at the Golden Globes, everything just fell apart," he said. "I lost everything. I couldn't afford to have an agent …I couldn't afford to have a publicist …I couldn't afford to continue."
PHOTOS: Hot TV doctors
At the time, the 50-year-old actor had used a derogatory term in reference to his Grey's costar T.R. Knight during an on-set argument, calling him a "f—ot"; Knight later came out as gay.
Washington used the anti-gay slur again backstage at the Golden Globes. After much public outrage, he was fired. He moved temporarily to a village in Sierra Leone when he discovered that he had genetic ties to the Mende and Temn people in the area.
PHOTOS: Grey's Anatomy highlights
He has been a chief in a village there since 2006, known to his villagers as Gondobay Manga II.
"For the last six years of my life, I've been fighting off bigots," he told The New York Times, claiming that he has never been a bigot himself. "It's, like, bigots want to embrace me, and I politely take their arms from around my neck. I don't share their views, never have."
PHOTOS: Biggest celebrity feuds ever!
In fact, Washington will next return to the big screen in Blackbird, which he calls an "African-American gay coming-of-age story."
"I've been so incredibly blessed," he told the Times of his career thus far, and being able to return to the industry. "I've worked with some of the greatest professionals in town. I stood at the Golden Globes. I worked with Sandra Oh, bro! My life has been great."
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
MOSCOW — I had been feeling a little down over the weekend in Budapest, where I spent over half of my life, for no obvious reason. But as the airplane touched down in Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport, I was overwhelmed almost at the same instant by feelings of joy, optimism and excitement about coming back home.
This is considering that I am not a Muscovite by birth and never even lived a day in this city until 10 months ago.
It is a city where the climate is too grim, the prices are too high and the people are too rude, but also a city with which I am intimately bound by a common language, culture and history.
It occurred to me all of a sudden that I had been living abroad for over 20 years of my life — for most of my life, really.
Rahm Emanuel in Washington: Pledges Chicago schools will open in fall
Chicago-themed cookies were available at the National Press Club on Tuesday for Mayor Rahm Emanuel's appearance. | Lynn Sweet/Sun-Times
WASHINGTON — Mayor Rahm Emanuel said Tuesday that no matter the staggering financial woes facing the Chicago Public Schools — made worse by Springfield gridlock — classroom doors will open on time in the fall.
“Parents don't need the anxieties about that. We are going to open up on time. We are going to meet our responsibility. It's time the State of Illinois meets their responsibility,” Emanuel said during a speech at the National Press Club here.
Noting that poor school districts around the state face a big struggle because of the state budget impasse, the mayor promised, “Chicago will be open for the future. I can't say that about Illinois.”
Emanuel told a national audience — cameras from all the networks were at his speech — that Gov. Bruce Rauner has not met his obligation to submit a balanced state budget.
In fact, given that the budget impasse has gone on for 700-plus days, Emanuel said it would be more productive for him to submit a budget to state lawmakers than to call a special legislative session.
Taking questions after his speech on higher education, he said the state that doesn't fund “basic operations” and said Illinois would be “a third world place” without its Chicago economic engine.
Emanuel came to the National Press Club to throw a national spotlight on his new policy to require Chicago Public Schools seniors, starting with the class of 2020, to prove they have post-high school plans before heading to college, the military, a trade or a job before they can get diplomas.
He predicted that eventually the idea that education needs to go past 12th grade will be embraced nationally. “We live in a period where you earn what you learn,” the mayor said.
As for providing funding to make sure counselors help students map their post-high school plans, Emanuel said an immediate cash infusion wasn't needed, because youngsters — and their counselors and parents — won't have the new rules with the higher expectations imposed on them at the last-minute.
Kids will be helped “all the way,” Emanuel said. “It's not like we are going to drop it on them on senior year.”
Before the speech, Emanuel was on Capitol Hill meeting with Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, who chairs an infrastructure appropriations panel, and at CNN, taping an interview for Fareed Zakaria's Sunday show.
Joining Emanuel at the event was Amando Rodriguez, the principal of the Goode STEM Academy High School; Tony Tran, a North Side Prep and Truman City College graduate heading to Northwestern University, and Gregory Jones, the principal of Kenwood Academy High School.
Surgeons in Aalst, Belgium were startled when part of the robot arm of a da Vinci surgery robot broke off inside a patient who was undergoing prostate surgery in 2007. According to New Scientist magazine, that incident and others have sparked a rash of lawsuits against Intuitive Surgical, Inc., the company that makes the surgical robots. This news comes after a recent study by Columbia University researchers found that robotic surgery has no real advantages over live surgeons with proper instruments and training.
Other alleged complications from the da Vinci machines include punctures to the liver and spleen during heart surgery, rectal damage during prostate surgery, unintended burns from the device's cauterizing tools and vaginal hernias following hysterectomies.
In the Belgian case, surgeons found themselves unable to remove the damaged robot part. The fracture of the robotic arm bent it so badly that it could not be pulled back out through the original keyhole incision. They ended up having to enlarge the wound to retrieve the damaged part.
In robotic surgery, a doctor sits at a console and operates robotic arms while looking at a detailed readout screen. Images are produced by a lighted camera inserted into the patient. Intuitive Surgical, Inc. is the sole manufacturer of the so-called da Vinci machines. There are more than 2,500 da Vinci machines operating in hospitals all over the world.
The $1.7 million machines have performed more than a million procedures in the last decade. Advocates say that they produce less scarring, minimize blood loss and contribute to shorter recovery periods. Some doctors who operate them say that its displays give them a better view or the surgical site and enable them to work with greater precision.
“The console has brilliant, unsurpassed 3D vision, unlike laparoscopic systems with 2D screens,” said Ben Challacombe, a London urologist to New Scientist. “It also has fantastic control instruments that filter out hand tremors, whereas long laparoscopic tools only enhance tremor.”
Challacombe and other advocates of robotic surgery argue that the accidents that spawned the lawsuits have more to do with human error than flaws in the machinery.
“Studies show there is a learning curve with new surgical technologies, during which there is an increased complication rate,” said James Breeden of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
The Columbia study found, however, that the main difference between robotic surgery and conventional laparoscopic surgery was price. A robotic hysterectomy costs an average of $8,868, compared with $6,679 for a regular laparoscopic procedure. Complications occurred at roughly the same rate (5 percent) and hospital stays were shorter in less than 5 percent of cases than with conventional surgeries.
Similarly, a 2009 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association found that in prostate surgeries, da Vinci surgeries provided some small benefits, but in order to become proficient with the device, doctors needed more than 250 hours of operating time.
New Scientist said that, on average, doctors get less than two days of orientation on the da Vinci machines before they are pressed into service.
[image via Shutterstock.com]
There's certainly plenty of strange, creepy fiction out there, but Weird Fiction is actually a literary genre — and as you might expect, it's a difficult-to-define force to be reckoned with. Weird Fiction been around in some spooky form or another for about a century, but it's experiencing an indie resurgence today, following in the footsteps of famous Weird writers like H. P. Lovecraft and Octavia Butler, with maybe a little Neil Gaiman thrown in for good measure.
Weird Fiction tales aren't quite ghost stories and they're certainly not bloody slasher fan fictions — they're more intangible than all that, and eerie in their intangibility. In his famous 1927 essay "Supernatural Horror in Literature," H. P. Lovecraft attempts to break down the genre as such:
The true weird tale has something more than secret murder, bloody bones, or a sheeted form clanking chains according to rule. A certain atmosphere of breathless and unexplainable dread of outer, unknown forces must be present…. The one test of the really weird is simply this — whether or not there be excited in the reader a profound sense of dread, and of contact with unknown spheres and powers; a subtle attitude of awed listening, as if for the beating of black wings or the scratching of outside shapes and entities on the known universe's utmost rim.
Vague and vaguely horrifying? Sounds a lot like Weird Fiction. A 2008 anthology of Weird Fiction, called The New Weird, attempted to resurrect the genre, saying,
New Weird has a visceral, in-the-moment quality that often uses elements of surreal or transgressive horror…New Weird relies for its visionary power on a "surrender to the weird" that isn't, for example, hermetically sealed in a haunted house on the moors or a cave in Antarctica.
In short, Weird Fiction can walk among us. It floats between genres (horror, ghost, supernatural, myth), and relies heavily on what Freud termed "the uncanny" — that sense of "dread and creeping horror" that comes from something that's simultaneously familiar and unfamiliar, e.g., your childhood doll staring at you with a more-alive-than-usual look in her eyes.
Weird Fiction lived on for a long time in the cultish publication Weird Tales , which has a bizarre, Frankenstein-like history of repeated death and revival. It started in 1923, gave Tennessee Williams his first sale, and has changed (disembodied?!) hands numerous times. Famous Weird Fiction writers of the past, some of whom appeared in Weird Tales, include Robert Aickman, Algernon Blackwood, Octavia Butler, E.T.A. Hoffman, Shirley Jackson, and H.P. Lovecraft.
Today, Undertow Books is attempting to revive the genre further by starting an annual anthology called Year's Best Weird Fiction. Volume one is slated for publication in August 2014, and features previously published tales that have appeared in niche speculative magazines like Shimmer and Ideomancer. You'll find titles like "The Krakatoan" and "Shall I Whisper to You of Moonlight, of Sorrow, of Pieces of Us?" If you're a fan of the Weird aesthetic, submit your previously published freak shows to Volume 2. And if you just want a little more of that dread and creeping horror in your life, check out back issues of Weird Tales, or read E.T.A. Hoffman's classic creepster tale, "The Sandman," before you turn out the lights.
CLOSE Delaware's political universe is now focused on Middletown, Glasgow and southern Newark. Voters from those areas will determine in a special election Feb. 25 whether Republicans regain control of the Delaware Senate for the first time in 44 years. 2/14/17 Kyle Grantham & Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Buy Photo Former Vice President Joe Biden smiles after giving Delaware Senate candidate Stephanie Hansen a kiss on the head after she lamented having to follow his speech at a rally for Hansen in Newark on Monday night. (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
Delaware Democrats are flexing all their political muscle in the Feb. 25 special election, calling in party titans like former Vice President Joe Biden and spending hundreds of thousands of dollars.
They know that if Stephanie Hansen loses the race for the Middletown, Glasgow and southern Newark seat in the state Senate, their party would lose control of the Senate for the first time in 44 years.
“This woman gets it,” Biden said, putting an arm around Hansen on a campaign stage Monday night. “The action for the next two years to defend the rights of working people, the rights of women, the rights of minorities, the rights of LGBT people, people counting on Medicaid, they are going to have to be defended and protected by the states. And people like Stephanie are the ones who are going to do it."
MORE: Learn more about the candidates and their stances on the issues
MORE: Read the latest on Biden's work after leaving the White House
Biden, Gov. John Carney and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley all have either spoken at events or personally knocked on doors for Hansen in the past week.
Democrats are matching their star power with financial support. On top of the $64,339 Hansen's campaign spent between Jan. 1 and Jan. 26, a political action committee called First State Strong has dropped more than $186,000 in support of Hansen, and more spending is likely over the next two weeks.
That money has funded an arsenal of mailers, phone banks and digital advertising.
Hansen said the outpouring shows her supporters don't want Democrats to lose their hold on Delaware after losing state and federal races across the country last fall.
"The support I've received has been extraordinary," Hansen said. "At every event, if we expect 50 people we'll get 100; if we expect 100, we'll get 200."
Bethany Hall-Long, Lt. Governor, Stephanie Hansen, and volunteers speak with voters in Middletown as they canvas for the special election for Senate in the Middletown area. (Photo: Doug Curran, DOUG CURRAN/SPECIAL TO THE NEWS)
Republicans see Democrats' offensive, particularly the campaign spending, as a desperate push to preserve one-party rule in Delaware. On Monday, several of them accused Democrats of trying to "buy the election."
"I understand that she's got money coming from all over the place, I understand she has these celebrity politicians who have been in office forever," Marino said of Hansen. "Voters want change. All I can do is keep going up and down this district talking about the issues and about how I will be that change."
Buy Photo Republican senate candidate John Marino canvasses a neighborhood in Newark on Wednesday afternoon. (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Republicans also are opening their wallets for Marino, but they are badly outgunned by the Democrats.
Marino's campaign spent $30,766 and had $67,964 in his war chest during the first reporting period. A third-party advertiser, First State First, also has spent $29,067 so far this year, a fraction of the Democrats' six-figure operation.
STORY: Lawmakers looking for answers to oil recycler's violations
Delaware Republican Party Chairman Charlie Copeland blasted the spending through the First State Strong PAC in a news release Monday, saying it was obviously a way for big-league Democratic donors to support Hansen beyond the $600 contribution limit for her campaign.
He called the group "shadowy" noting that Delawareans won't know who donated until next year. Campaigns have to file finance reports 30 and 8 days before each election, but PACs only have to file once a year; First State Strong was created on Jan. 5, so it won't file a report until next January.
The only name listed on filing documents is Treasurer Michael Finnegan, who did not respond to calls seeking comment on Monday.
The State GOP filed a complaint with the Department of Elections on Monday claiming that First State Strong has violated election laws by illegally coordinating with Hansen's campaign. If a PAC spends money on materials that explicitly urge votes for a candidate — or against a candidate's opponent — the PAC is not allowed to coordinate with that candidate's campaign.
“We will not know who paid for these ads until January 20, 2018, at the earliest, but I can guarantee that they're being coordinated with the Hansen campaign,” said Copeland. “And the Elections Commissioner is duty bound to investigate this shadowy PAC and find the truth. It's time for these people to reveal who is trying to buy this election and Stephanie Hansen should be demanding this information be released publicly instead of trying to ride a wave of secret money into office.”
Hansen's campaign manager, Erik Raser-Schramm, said in an e-mail that Copeland's accusation of illegal collaboration is "absurd on its face."
"Cycle after cycle, Charlie Copeland and John Marino shamelessly hurl accusations for which they have no evidence," Raser-Schramm wrote. "Copeland and Marino are constantly picking these partisan fights, while Stephanie is out fighting for working families, higher wages, and our kids' success at school. Voters will see the difference."
The goal of the campaign spending and high-profile endorsements is simple: get the parties' voters to the polls.
Historically, voter turnout is much smaller in "off-year" special elections than major general elections. That means campaigns usually focus on energizing their base, rather than persuading undecideds.
Biden said Hillary Clinton lost November's presidential race by a mere 173,000 voters in a handful of states. The way to prevent that kind of loss, he argued, is to make sure Democrats get back to their middle-class roots.
"We've got to get back to talking about this again, that ordinary people can do extraordinary things given an even chance," Biden said. "[Hansen] gets it, you get it, we Democrats get it."
O'Malley, who sought the Democratic nomination for president last year, had a similar message when he gave a speech Saturday, firing up volunteers who were canvassing for Hansen.
"When you're out there knocking on doors for Stephanie, know that you're knocking on doors for their country that we care about, that country that says everybody gets a fair shot," O'Malley said. "Fight as if the future of our country depends on it, because it just might."
Contact Matthew Albright at malbright@delawareonline.com, (302) 324-2428 or on Twitter @TNJ_malbright.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/2l9HdVF
A number of creatives have joined together for a new singles initiative benefitting Planned Parenthood. Dubbed 7-inches for Planned Parenthood, the project brings together musicians, comedians, speakers, and visual artists for a series of singles set to be released digitally and then combined in an exclusive 7-inch vinyl box set.
Among the musicians contributing songs are Björk, Foo Fighters, Common, Bon Iver, Matt Berninger and Bryce Dessner of The National, Feist, Laurie Anderson, Mary J. Blige, Sleater-Kinney, Mitski, and Sharon Van Etten. Additionally, actress Kristen Stewart helmed a video featuring music from CHVRCHES.
Comedians including Tig Notaro, Pete Holmes, Sarah Silverman, Margaret Cho, Jenny Slate, and Janeane Garofalo also recorded audio for the benefit, while spoken word contributions come from Demos President Heather McGhee, abortion-providing Southern Christian Dr. Willie Parker, and cultural critic Dream Hampton.
Each single will feature unique artwork created by the likes of Shepard Fairey, Hisham Akira Bharoocha, Rashid Johnson, Penelope Gazin, Angela Pilgrim, Azar Kazimir, Megan Tatem, and others.
A statement from the collective behind 7-inches for Planned Parenthood says the benefit comes in response to the threat of “lawmakers with extreme views [who] are working hard to shut down Planned Parenthood.” “This curated series of 7-inch vinyl records is being made by a group of people who believe that access to health care is a public good that should be fiercely protected,” the statement continues. “Do we know there's a joke in the name? We do. We hope the title evokes the rich history of 7-inch vinyl records as a medium for protest music and resistance.”
100% of all proceeds will go to Planned Parenthood. The digital singles are said to be coming in batches over the coming weeks, with a pre-order for the vinyl box set launching soon. Until then, you can check out the below video of St. Vincent, John Legend, and Zach Galifianakis working on a cover of “Lovin' You” to help get the word out about 7-inches for Planned Parenthood. Head to IStandWithPP.org or 7InchesforPlannedParenthood.com for more info.
Below, take a look at the vinyl box set, which includes a full list of the contributors on the cover.
Tory MP and member of the powerful Treasury Select Committee, Chris Philp, also branded the European Union a “protectionist racket”. The Croydon South MP said he was “optimistic” about Brexit and told a conference of Conservative MPs on Saturday what many Leave backers have been insisting since the June 23 vote.
GETTY•CHRIS PHILIP Remain-voting MP Chris Philp has admitted Brexit may benefit the UK
GETTY Top bosses have insisted the post-Brexit market looks 'optimistic'
Mr Philp said: “Although I voted for ‘remain' in the referendum last June, I am optimistic about our countries prospects as we leave the European Union. “I'm optimistic personally because the European Union needs us for trade more than we need them.”
I'm optimistic because the European Union needs us for trade more than we need them Chris Philp MP
Mr Philp pointed out a “£60billion trade deficit with Europe”, insisting cutting ties with Brussels could open up the chance to forge trade agreements with India and China.
In pictures: Theresa May meets with EU's Tusk Thu, April 6, 2017 The two leaders held talks on Brexit negotiations Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 9 European Council President Donald Tusk gestures to members of the media as he leaves 10 Downing street after talks with British Prime Minister Theresa May in central London
2010 - The year toys make contact. Properly proportioned to those in the movies 2001 and 2010
Zero (0) points of articulation
May cause strange magnetic fields, action figure evolution
Deep in the heart of Aisle 7 (the action figure aisle), all throughout the 70's, 80's, and 90's, something waited. No one knew it was there, until toy stores began their turn of the century renovations. Then the Monolith Action Figure was discovered. What was it for? Where did it come from? Why wouldn't its barcode scan? No one knew. And no one knows to this day.
We here at ThinkGeek have some theories, however. We think the Monolith Action Figures were left by some ancient, extra-galactic, action figure intelligence. We believe, based on our tests (including pH, electromagnetic, and taste) these Monolith Action Figures will eventually cause other action figures to evolve. We're not sure if that means gaining better accessories and articulation, or becoming sentient. Either one is cool in our book. The Monolith Action Figure looks great on your desk, wall, or shelf, and will definitely be the most talked about toy in your collection.
Product Features
I have written before about the problems with bright green environmentalism. Bright greens suggest that various technological innovations will serve to reduce carbon dioxide emissions enough to avoid catastrophic global warming and other environmental problems. There are a variety of practical problems that I outlined there, including the fact that most of our economic activities are hitting physical limits to energy efficiency.
The solution lies in accepting that we can not continue to expand our economies indefinitely, without catastrophic consequences. In fact, catastrophic consequences are in all likelihood already unavoidable, if we believe the warnings of prominent climatologists who claim that a two degree temperature increase is sufficient to cause significant global problems.
It's easy to be deceived however and assume that we are in the process of a transition towards sustainable green technologies. The problem with most green technologies is that although their implementation on a limited scale is affordable, they have insufficient scalability to enable a transition away from fossil fuels.
Part of the reason for this limited scalability is because users of “green” technology receive subsidies and do not pay certain costs which users of “grey” technology have to shoulder as a result. As an example, the Netherlands, Norway and many other nations waive a variety of taxes for green cars, taxes that are used to maintain the network of roads that these cars use. As the share of green cars rises, grey cars will be forced to shoulder increasingly higher costs to pay for the maintenance of road networks.
It's inevitable that these subsidies will be phased out. The idea of course is that after providing an initial gentle push, the transition towards more green driving will have reached critical mass and prove itself sustainable without any further government subsidies. Unfortunately, that's unlikely to occur. We've seen a case study of what happens when subsidies for green technologies are phased out in Germany. After 2011, the exponential growth in solar capacity rapidly came to a stop, as new installations started to drop. By 2014, solar capacity in Germany had effectively stabilized.1 Peak capacity of solar is now impressively high, but the amount of solar energy produced varies significantly from day to day. On bad days, solar and wind hardly contribute anything to the electricity grid.
Which brings us to the subject of today's essay: The green car. The green car has managed to hide its enormous price tag behind a variety of subsidies, dodged taxes and externalities it has imposed upon the rest of society. Let us start with the externalities. Plug-in cars put significant strain on the electrical grid. These are costs that owners of such cars don't pay themselves. Rather, power companies become forced to make costs to improve their grid, to avoid the risk of blackouts, costs that are then passed on to all of us.
When it comes to the subsidies that companies receive to develop green cars, it's important not just to look at the companies that are around today. This is what is called survivorship bias. We focus on people who have succeeded and decide that their actions were a good decision to take. Everyone knows about the man who became a billionare by developing Minecraft. As a result, there are droves of indie developers out there hoping to produce the next big game. In reality, most of them earn less than $500 a year from sales.2
Everyone has heard of Tesla or of Toyota's Prius. Nobody hears of the manufacturers who failed and went bankrupt. They had to make costs too, costs that were often passed on to investors or to governments. Who remembers Vehicle Production Group, or Fisker automotive? These are companies that were handed 193 million and 50 million dollar in loans respectively by the US Federal government, money the government won't see again because the companies went bankrupt.3 This brings the total of surviving car manufacturers who received loans from the government to three.
To make matters worse, we don't just subsidize green car manufacturers. We subsidize just about the entire production chain that ultimately leads to a green car on your driveway. Part of the reason Fisker automotive got in trouble was because its battery manufacturer, A123 Systems, declared bankruptcy. A123 Systems went bankrupt in 2012, but not before raising 380 million dollar from investors in 2009 and receiving a 249 million dollar grant from the U. S. department of energy back in 2010.
Which brings us to a de facto subsidy that affects not just green cars, but other unsustainable projects as well: Central bank policies. When interest rates are low, investors have to start searching for yield. They tend to find themselves investing in risky ventures, that may or may not pay off. Examples are the many shale companies that are on the edge of bankruptcy today. This could have been anticipated, but the current financial climate leaves investors with little choice but to invest in such risky ventures. This doesn't just enable the growth of a phenomenon like the shale oil industry affects green car companies as well. Would investors have poured their money into A123 Systems, if it weren't for central bank policies? Many might have looked at safer alternatives.
One company that has benefited enormously from these policies is Tesla. In 2008, Tesla applied for a 465 million dollar loan from the Federal government. This allowed Tesla to produce its car, which then allows Tesla to raise 226 million in an IPO in June 2010, where Tesla receives cash from investors willing to invest in risky ventures as a result of central bank policies. A $7,500 tax credit then encourages sales of Tesla's Model S, which in combination with the money raised from the IPO allows Tesla to pay off its loan early.
In 2013, Tesla then announces that it has made an 11 million dollar profit. Stock prices go through the roof, as apparently they have succeeded at the task of the daunting task of making green cars economically viable. In reality, Tesla made 68 million dollar that year selling its emission credits to other car companies, without which, Tesla would have made a loss.
Tesla in fact receives $35,000 dollar in clean air credits for every Model S that it sells to customers, which in total was estimated to amount to 250 million dollar in 2013.4 To put these numbers in perspective, buying a Model S can cost anywhere around $70,000, so if the 35,000 dollar cost was passed on to the customer, prices would rise by about 50%, not including whatever sales tax applies when purchasing a car.
We can add to all of this the 1.2 billion of subsidy in the form of tax exemptions and reduced electricity rates that Tesla receives for its battery factory in Nevada.5 The story gets even better when we arrive at green cars sold to Europe, where we find the practice of “subsidy stacking”. The Netherlands exempts green cars from a variety of taxes normally paid upon purchase. These cars are then exported to countries like Norway, where green cars don't have to pay toll and are allowed to drive on bus lanes.6
For freelancers in the Netherlands, subsidies for electrical cars have reached an extraordinarily high level. Without the various subsidies the Dutch government created to increase the incentive to drive an electrical car, a Tesla S would cost 94.010 Euro. This is a figure that would be even higher of course, if Dutch consumers had to pay for the various subsidies that Tesla receives in the United States. After the various subsidies provided by the Dutch government for freelance workers, Dutch consumers can acquire a Tesla S at a price of just 25,059 Euro.7
The various subsidies our governments provide are subsidies we all end up paying for in one form or another. What's clear from all these numbers however is that an electric car is currently nowhere near a state where it could compete with a gasoline powered car in a free unregulated market, on the basis of its own merit.
The image that emerges here is not one of a technology that receives a gentle nudge to help it replace the outdated but culturally entrenched technology we currently use, but rather, of a number of private companies that compete for a variety of subsidies handed out by governments who seek to plan in advance how future technology will have to look, willfully ignorant of whatever effect physical limits might have on determining which technologies are economically viable to sustain and which aren't.
After all, if government were willing to throw enough subsidies at it, we could see NGO's attempt to solve world hunger using caviar and truffles. It wouldn't be sustainable in the long run, but in the short term, it would prove to be a viable solution to hunger for a significant minority of the world's poorest. There are no physical laws that render such a solution impossible on a small scale, rather, there are economic laws related to scalability that render it impossible.
Similarly, inventing an electrical car was never the problem. In 1900, 38% of American cars ran on electricity. The reason the electrical car died out back then was because it could not compete with gasoline. Today the problem consists of how to render it economically viable and able to replace our fossil fuel based transportation system, without detrimentally affecting our standard of living.
This brings us to the other elephant, the one in our room rather than our driveway. The real problem here is that we wish to sustain a standard of living that was built with cheap natural resources that are no longer here today. Coping with looming oil shortages will mean having to take a step back. The era where every middle class family could afford to have a car is over. Governments would be better off investing in public transport and safe bicycle lanes.
The problem America faces however, is that there are cultural factors that prohibit such a transition. Ownership of a car is seen as a marker of adulthood and the type of car tells us something about a man's social status. This is an image car manufacturers are of course all too happy to reinforce through advertising. Hence, we find a tragic example of a society that wastes its remaining resources on false solutions to the crisis it faces.
1 – http://www.ise.fraunhofer.de/en/publications/veroeffentlichungen-pdf-dateien-en/studien-und-konzeptpapiere/recent-facts-about-photovoltaics-in-germany.pdf Page 12
2 – http://www.gameskinny.com/364n3/report-most-indie-game-devs-made-less-than-500-in-game-sales-in-2013
3 – http://www.forbes.com/sites/joannmuller/2013/05/11/the-real-reason-tesla-is-still-alive-and-other-green-car-companies-arent/
4 – http://evworld.com/news.cfm?newsid=30195
5 – http://www.rgj.com/story/news/2014/09/04/nevada-strikes-billion-tax-break-deal-tesla/15096777/
6 – http://www.elsevier.nl/Economie/achtergrond/2015/4/-1742131W/
7 – https://www.cda.nl/mensen/omtzigt/blog/toon/auto-rijden-op-subsidie/
Advertenties
A few years ago I created a bare metal demo on an ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller entirely in D. It was just a demonstration that one could do bare metal programming for microcontrollers in D without any dependencies on C or assembly. It was also a proof of some ideas I had about leveraging compile-time features of D to generate highly-optimized code (both small and fast) for these resource constrained systems. I hit a wall, however, with Issue 14758[0], and ultimately abandoned D for other alternatives. Well, that issue was recently fixed in GDC [1]. In addition, he GDC developers did some work to reduce the number of phony stubs one had to add to the runtime to get a build [2], removed the "shared is volatile" hack, and implemented the `volatileLoad/Store` intrinsics so I no longer need to do volatile access in assembly. So, I decided to give it another try, and updated that demo. You can see the results at https:// github.com/ JinShil/ stm32f42_ discovery_demo A few observations: * It is a better experience than it was a few years ago. Fewer dirty hacks are required, and the resulting binary is small and fast. * Everything is in D (inline assembly is D). There's no need for any C or assembly startup code, and no need for silly things like -betterC (i.e. -worseD). If you don't want the overhead from a feature of D, don't use it. * Compile times are quite slow (about 1 minute to get a 3kB binary). Some discussion about that is taking place on the GDC forum [4]. * -O2 and -O3 give me a broken binary, but -O0, -O1, and -Os work well. I'm not sure where I'll go from here. I'm interested in helping an amputee play the drums again, and building my own mechanical keyboard, so I probably won't be spending much more time on this LCD demo, except maybe to help compiler devs debug some issues. However, I might spend some more time with D in the near future, and see how far I can take this. I'm still not as excited as I once was, but it's nice to see these improvements. Anyway, Well done, GDC! Mike [0] - TypeInfo causes excessive binary bloat - https:// issues. dlang.org/ show_bug. cgi?id= 14758 [1] - Put the TypeInfo name field into a static var - https:// github.com/ D-Progra mming-GDC/ GDC/pull/505 [2] - Refactor and reformat typeinfo.cc - https:// github.com/ D-Progra mming-GDC/ GDC/pull/456 [3] - Slow compile-time discussion at GDC forum - http:// forum. dlang.org/ post/ iqryqssxoo ypdnszmzmg@ forum. dlang.org
This article is about Ontario, Canada, along the Saint-Lawrence River and Seaway. For other uses, see Lost villages
Lost Villages Museum near Long Sault
Entrance to Pioneer Memorial that contains headstones from cemeteries of the Lost Villages
Mounted tombstones from St. John's Cemetery, Pioneer Memorial
The Lost Villages were nine communities in the Canadian province of Ontario, in the former townships of Cornwall and Osnabruck (now South Stormont) near Cornwall, which were permanently submerged by the creation of the Saint Lawrence Seaway in 1958.[1]
The flooding was expected and planned for as the result of the Moses-Saunders Power Dam construction, which began in August 1954. In the weeks and months leading up to the inundation, families and businesses in the affected communities were moved to the new planned communities of Long Sault and Ingleside.[1] These negotiations were controversial, however, as many residents of the communities felt that market value compensation was insufficient since the Seaway plan had already depressed property values in the region.[2]
The town of Iroquois was also flooded, but was relocated 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) north rather than being abandoned. Another community, Morrisburg, was partially submerged as well, but the area to be flooded was moved to higher ground within the same townsite. In all, approximately 6,500 people were displaced by the project,[2] 530 buildings moved, and countless other homes, schools, and businesses demolished. A portion of the provincial Highway 2 in the area was flooded; the highway was rebuilt along a Canadian National Railway right-of-way in the area.
At 8 a.m. on 1 July 1958, a large cofferdam was demolished, allowing the flooding to begin.[1] Four days later, all of the former townsites were fully underwater. Parts of the New York shoreline were flooded by the project as well, but no communities were lost on the American side of the river.
Legacy [ edit ]
A museum in Ault Park near Long Sault is devoted to the Lost Villages, including several historic buildings salvaged from the communities. Other buildings from the villages were moved to the site of Upper Canada Village in Morrisburg. The flooded area also includes Crysler's Farm, where a major battle was fought during the War of 1812. A monument commemorating the battle was also moved from Crysler's Farm to Upper Canada Village.
Although Save Ontario Shipwrecks generally surveys shipwrecks, chapters also explored several of the Lost Villages sites. Guard Lock 21, which was constructed in 1885/86, was flooded in 1936 as headwater for the Hydro dam at Cornwall. Lock 21 of the former Cornwall Canal (since replaced by the St. Lawrence Seaway) is a popular scuba diving site, a few feet from the shore along the Parkway.[3] Mille Roches Power House (1901) at Cornwall was demolished prior to inundation in 1955 with the new powerdam and seaway nearing completion.[4]
In some locations, a few remnants of sidewalks and building foundations can still be seen under the water, or even on the shoreline when water levels are sufficiently low.[2] In 2013, the photographer Louis Helbig documented the presence of some of these features using aerial photography.[5] Some high points of land in the flooded area remained above water as islands, and are connected by the Long Sault Parkway.
The Lost Villages [ edit ]
The nine "Lost Villages" were:
References [ edit ]
Explore the Lost Villages - A multimedia documentary recreating the Lost Villages, by Tony Atherton, Jessey Bird, and the team at the Ottawa Citizen. Includes interactive maps, short documentaries on each village, and an underwater tour of what is left.
The Lost Villages Historical Society
Coordinates:
I like Angular. I've been playing with AngularJS for a few weeks now and I have to admit, it's cool. From a UI standpoint, it can really make browser based applications responsive.
Of course, there are some problems with AngularJS if you're a seasoned JSF developer, one of which is the lack of obvious server-side handling capabilities that compete with some of the popular Java based, web tier frameworks. Yes, I know, Angular applications simply have to call RESTful web services, and as Java programmers, we can just write some JAX-RS code and handle the incoming data. But still, it's not as elegant as JSF.
Avoiding the Haitian Vodoo
I will admit to my bias. I like JSF. I like the way HTML forms are mapped to backing beans. I like the lifecycle stages that do things like validation and conversion, and I like the way managed beans can be used to very easily update content spots on a page. And yes, I know that JAX-RS can do similar bean mappings using the @form tag and a little bit of Haitian Voodoo, but still, I like how JSF does it. And I also like how JSF integrates with the whole Java EE ecosystem.
As I've fiddled around with AngularJS, I can't help think about how neat it could be if we could combine AngularJS and JSF. It actually wouldn't be too hard, because the two have very separate responsibilities, although JSF might have to be involved with updating the AngularJS model, as opposed to a JSON over HTTP interaction. Obviously I'm not the only one to have had that idea, as the concept has already been written about, and a little project named AngularFaces has been attempted to combine PrimeFaces with AngularJS. Reza Rahman wrote an interesting article about it: JSF + AngularJS = AngularFaces
Anyways, I'm going to make an attempt of my own, without allowing those other projects to bias my angle of approach. Look for some tutorials coming out in the meantime that demonstrates how cool a merger of the two would be. Who knows, maybe this will be the next, hot, open source project?
If you're not up to speed on Angular, TheServerSide has run a few articles on the topic:
8 AngularJS questions with Mark Bates
Angular framework: Garnering attention at Fluent
JavaScript frameworks: What are your options?
O'Reilly Fluent 2014 conference coverage
We've also run a few JSF tutorials, namely ones about templating with JSF and integrating Ajax calls into the Facelets framework. It's actually a pertinent discussion, because as responsive as Angular is, when you start doing Ajax calls within your JSF applications, the whole thing becomes pretty fast, so the need to use something like AngularJS becomes minimized:
Anyways, I'd be interested to hear what the community's take on AngularJS is, and how this whole JavaScript based MVC frameworks are changing enterprise programming. It really is one of the most interesting developments to hit the enterprise software market over the past few years.
You can follow Cameron McKenzie on Twitter: @potemcam
The Supreme Court on Friday took strong exception to activist lawyer Prashant Bhushan questioning its approach regarding public interest litigations (PILs) and asked him whether he wanted a “super agency over and above” the top court.
Advertising
“Who are you to ask? If there is something, the parties concerned will approach us or hire you as a counsel. You are a private person who has no authority to ask question. Whenever there is something substantial, we will pass directions. You point out if a serious fraud has been committed. You are asking for a super agency to control all such wrongs,” said a bench led by Chief Justice of India J S Khehar.
Watch What Else is Making News
The bench, also comprising Justices D Y Chandrachud and S K Kaul, was hearing a PIL by NGO Humanity Salt Lake, which had sought investigation into banned chit fund schemes. SEBI had informed the court that it has already referred to other appropriate agencies over 1,500 cases of ponzi schemes for further probe since their investigation did not fall under its purview.
Taking SEBI's submissions on record, the bench observed that nothing more remained to be heard in the PIL since cases were already being investigated.
As the court proceeded to dispose of the matter, Bhushan, representing the NGO, alleged that this approach would render the jurisdiction of PILs, devised to help the poor, “meaningless”.
Bhushan's statement did not go down well with the bench. “The investigations have already been transferred to other agencies which are beyond the jurisdiction of SEBI. These are responsible agencies. What else do you want? A super agency above the Supreme Court, the President, what is the solution?”
Advertising
The bench declined his request to keep the petitions pending and disposed of it.
July's big UFC 189 event will be a blockbuster and now boasts a second title fight.
UFC President Dana White today announced UFC welterweight champion Robbie Lawler (25-10 MMA, 10-4 UFC) will attempt his first title defense when he meets Rory MacDonald (18-2 MMA, 9-2 UFC) this summer at UFC 189.
UFC 189 takes place July 11 at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. The pay-per-view main card also features a previously announced title fight between featherweight champion Jose Aldo (25-1 MMA, 7-0 UFC) and challenger Conor McGregor (17-2 MMA, 5-0 UFC).
Although heavier weight classes usually headline in the case of UFC championship doubleheaders, Aldo vs. McGregor will serve as the main event, officials said.
Lawler is ranked No. 1 in the USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie MMA welterweight rankings (and No. 8 pound-for-pound). MacDonald is ranked No. 3 at 170 pounds. The fighters first met in 2013, when Lawler earned a split-decision win at UFC 167; every major media outlet scored it 29-28 for Lawler.
Lawler, who narrowly won the title from Johny Hendricks in December, was expected to meet his recent foe in a rubber match. However, officials ultimately changed their mind and booked Hendricks against Matt Brown at UFC 185 next month. Lawler, a 32-year-old American Top Team fighter who resurrected his career after dropping from middleweight to welterweight, is now 6-1 over his past seven fights. The 14-year vet's only loss during that span came in his first meeting with Hendricks, which took place in March 2014 as they fought for Georges St-Pierre's vacated belt.
MacDonald, meanwhile, finally gets a long-promised title shot that never seemed certain. In fact, despite being told he'd get a shot at the belt after beating Tarec Saffiedine in October, the 25-year-old Canadian was then slated to fight Hector Lombard – until his would-be UFC 186 opponent failed a drug test. Now, the Tristar Gym fighter is carrying a three-fight winning streak (with eight wins in his past nine fights) into his long-awaited and first title shot.
The latest UFC 189 card now includes:
Champ Jose Aldo vs. Conor McGregor – for featherweight title
Champ Robbie Lawler vs. Rory MacDonald – for welterweight title
For more on UFC 189, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
The number of veterans traveling to North Dakota to support the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in its stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline has swollen to over 3,000, an astonishing show of solidarity that aims to shield the water protectors from police violence.
Fellow veteran and prominent progressive Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii) traveled to join the peaceful action late Friday, and reported that the Bismarck Airport was filled with veterans traveling to Standing Rock:
Just landed in Bismarck. It's 10pm, 26degrees, airport is FULL of veterans coming in from all across the country #StandingRock #NoDAPL — Tulsi Gabbard (@TulsiGabbard) December 3, 2016
Lakota Sioux writer Ruth Hopkins also tweeted Friday that over 200 buses full of veterans were also scheduled to arrive throughout the night:
The Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe is expecting over 200 buses to arrive throughout the night. #VeteransStandForStandingRock #NoDAPL — Ruth Hopkins (@RuthHHopkins) December 3, 2016
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
And author and activist Naomi Klein announced Saturday that she, too, would join the water protectors. "Headed to Standing Rock to learn, report, support, signal boost," Klein tweeted. "Stay tuned!"
The organizers of the action, Veterans Stand With Standing Rock, have already sent a delegation to speak with the Morton County Sheriff's Department, the National Guard, and Dakota Access Pipeline security. On Friday, members of the various groups spoke at the police blockade down the road from the Oceti Sakowin protest camp, said the Indigenous Environmental Network.
The organization said in a press statement:
Wesley Clark Jr., an organizer of Veterans Stands With Standing Rock, Kandi Mossett of the Indigenous Environmental Network, and Brenda White Bull who served 20 years in the Marine Corps and is also a direct descendant of Chief Sitting Bull, delivered a message to representatives of the National Guard, the Veterans Association, Tigerswan Private Security, who is hired by DAPL, and North Dakota law enforcement. Wesley, Kandi, and Brenda walked together across the bridge to have a discussion with representatives on the other side. The purpose of the discussion was to clarify that the delegation of more than 2,000 veterans comes in peace and will remain nonviolent and in prayer during their visit to Standing Rock.
"Further discussion was had about resolving tension between Water Protectors and law enforcement and also about the barricade on the bridge, which poses a danger not only to the camps but also the cannonball community as it blocks the fastest route for emergency services," the group said. "An audio recording of the meeting confirms that North Dakota law enforcement will not be entering the camp."
"I felt [...] very personally more of a call of duty than I ever felt in the service to come and stand in front of the guns and the mace and the water and the threat that they pose to these people."
—Anthony Murtha, U.S. Navy veteran
The veteran action organizers are also to meet with tribal elders Saturday, reports Reuters, to discuss the group's plans to coordinate with the Standing Rock Sioux.
In addition to acting as human shields to protect the Indigenous activists, the veterans are "expected over the weekend to complete building a barracks and mess hall," the outlet reports.
The veterans are passionate in their mission to support the water protectors, with many telling reporters that they felt a call of duty to protect the Standing Rock Sioux.
"I felt it was our duty and very personally more of a call of duty than I ever felt in the service to come and stand in front of the guns and the mace and the water and the threat that they pose to these people," Anthony Murtha, a Navy veteran from Detroit, told Reuters from the Oceti Sakowin camp.
The U.S. Department of Justice also finally responded Friday to demands for action regarding police brutality against the Indigenous activists, it seemed, with a statement from U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch promising to send "conciliators" to "maintain the peace."
Lynch's statement reportedly followed phone calls between the attorney general and Standing Rock Sioux chairman Dave Archambault II and Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier (who has described the water protectors as "evil").
Many water protectors were deeply disappointed by Lynch's statement. "What real conciliation looks like is giving us all our land back," said Xhopakelxhit, a member of the Nuu Chah Nulth, Coast Salish, and Cree who has been at Standing Rock since September, to the Guardian. "That's not going to happen."
Xhopakelxhit told the newspaper that she feared Lynch's statement was about "saving face with the American public."
Meanwhile, the threat of police violence continues to loom large. A water protector struck in the right eye with a rubber bullet may be permanently blinded, reports Dallas Goldtooth of the Indigenous Environmental Network—another frightening injury resulting from an encounter with the militarized local police.
For supporters who are unable to make the long trip to cannonball, North Dakota, to stand with the Indigenous water protectors in person, Honor the Earth national campaigns director Tara Houska urges people to write to President Barack Obama to demand executive action against the controversial pipeline project:
"President Obama has been the strongest tribal president we've ever had," Houska told the New York Times in a Facebook live video. "He knows about Indigenous people. He's been to Standing Rock. He's physically been here. And so it's been really hard to see his inaction on this issue, and to see his—'let's let it play out over several weeks,' as a human rights situation is happening in the United States."
First let me start off by saying I have Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (aka PCOS) and I just got home from my first doctors visit in this new town that we live in and she is determined to help me get my symptoms under control (which no other doctor was even really trying to help). One of the ways to control the symptoms of PCOS is by a Ketogenic (low carb) diet. My SS must've seen that and bought me a wonderful cookbook for lowcarb meals in a slow cooker! They also bought me a slow cooker! This is exactly what I need to get me back into the game of the keto lifestyle. I did keto a couple years ago and lost weight, went on vacation and was just having trouble getting back. I'm so excited to go grocery shopping tomorrow and get back into planning my meals for the week. I also work nights (6pm-6am) and my husband is deployed right now so I've basically been doing take out the past few months, but its getting really old and this is exactly what I needed to help make cooking convenient and easy for me. I could set up the food in the crock pot and cook it while I sleep when I get off work and then take it with me to work shortly after I wake up! Thank you Secret Santa! I absolutely love my gifts! I hope your Secret Santa took care of you as you did with me!
Leaning into the controversy that he set off with his endorsement of Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who has been accused of preying on teenage girls, Donald Trump attacked Senator Kirsten Gillibrand on Tuesday morning in explicitly sexist terms, tweeting that she “would come to my office ‘begging' for campaign contributions not so long ago” and, in a particularly pointed parenthetical, that she would “do anything for them.” The ferocity of the attack, which came after Gillibrand called for Trump's resignation during a CNN interview, saying that he has “committed assault, according to these women, and those are very credible allegations of misconduct and criminal activity,” shocked Gillibrand's Democratic colleagues, who quickly rallied around her.
“It took my breath away,” said Rep. Jackie Speier, adding that the comment was “grotesque.” Senator Richard Blumenthal called on Americans to “reject Trump's sexist slurs,” and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called the tweet “disgusting,” adding that everyone could see what he was trying to say. Senator Elizabeth Warren accused Trump of trying to “bully, intimidate and slut-shame” Gillibrand, and Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez called the comments “far beneath the dignity of the Office of the President.” “It was a sexist smear attempting to silence my voice, and I will not be silenced on this issue,” Gillibrand said during a press conference just hours after the president's tweet. “[And] neither will the women who stood up to the president yesterday.” (Republican Bob Corker simply turned a blind eye—“I don't know that I want you to show it to me, I can't respond if I don't know anything about it,” he told a reporter.)
The series of condemnations seemed to fuel the right's reaction, which coalesced around the idea that Gillibrand was reading sexism into a statement that contained none. Quoth zealous Trump pundit Bill Mitchell:
“Only if your mind is in the gutter would you have read it that way,” was Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders's terse assessment.
It's somewhat of an understatement to say that the president is known for his freewheeling tweets, but Trump lobbed this particular firebomb into the middle of an uncomfortable reckoning regarding sexual harassment and assault that has emerged in nearly every facet of American life. Last week, two congressmen and one senator—one Republican and two Democrats—resigned over accusations of everything from paying off accusers to repeated groping, and reports indicate that up to 40 more congresspeople could potentially be outed as sexual abusers. Meanwhile, members of the Democratic Women's Working Group have asked the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to conduct an investigation into allegations brought against Trump before he became president, and Trump's own accusers have resurfaced, dragging the president's alleged misconduct back into the spotlight.
In his rise from Wharton student to shoddy billionaire to president of America, Trump's instinct to punch back “10 times harder” when attacked has largely worked in his favor. But in the current environment, wherein lesser charges are hastening the downfalls of a growing number of lawmakers and industry bigwigs, it has the potential to backfire. Worse, it could cost Trump crucial support among Republican women who, at least in Moore's case, are proving less willing than Republican men to brush off allegations of sexual harassment and assault. “That ‘would do anything to get elected' is fairly ominous—it can be taken in a way that is very suggestive, and I think that is obviously horrible,” Republican pollster Christine Matthews told The New York Times. “Having a president who attacks other women for how they look or suggests that they are sexually promiscuous or liars, it's going to hurt the party over all.”
Player Rd-Pk# Pos. Ht. Wt. School
DATONE JONES
R1 (2 6 ) D E 6 -4 2 80 U CLA
Age 22, from Compton, Calif. Datone Jones (pronounced "DAY-tone") was a four-year starter for coach Jim Mora with 148 tackles and 13½ sacks. Also had three pressures, four forced fumbles, five pass deflections and two blocked kicks. Had a strong senior year with 19 tackles for loss and 6.5 sacks. His 36.5 tackles for loss were 11th in school history. Caught a touchdown pass against Houston while playing offense in a short-yardage situation. Forced a safety vs. Nebraska. Named most improved player at UCLA's annual team awards. Selected to play in the Senior Bowl collegiate all-star game. Led all UCLA linemen with 41 tackles as a junior. Ran the 40-yard dash in 4.8 seconds. Vertical jump of 31½ inches and broad jump of 9 foot 4. Bench pressed 225 pounds 29 times. Might be a 3-4 DE, a 4-3 DE or a 4-3 three-technique. "He's very quick off the ball and he has the ability to accelerate to close in on the quarterback," said Packers general manager Ted Thompson. Scored 20 on the 50-question Wonderlic intelligence test. Arms measured 32¾ inches. Hands were 10 inches. History major; honor roll in Winter 2009 and Spring 2009. Agent is Sean Kiernan. - Lori Nickel. ALSO: What the scouts were saying
EDDIE LACY
R2 (6 1 ) RB 5-11 229 Alabama
Lacy had to play behind future NFL backs Mark Ingram (New Orleans) and Trent Richardson (Cleveland) before getting his chance to be the lead guy in 2012. He finished his four years with 14 starts, carrying 355 times for 2,402 yards (6.77 average) and 30 touchdowns. He also caught 35 passes for 338 yards and two touchdowns. As the lead back in 2012, he led the team with 1,322 yards and 17 touchdowns on 204 carries and caught 22 passes for 189 yards and two scores. College scouting director Brian Gutekunst said: "He's got great lateral quickness, great ability to drop his pads in the hole, very powerful guy. He has kind of an uncanny knack to get out of trouble for a guy his size. He's a little bit different than we've had maybe in the past." Suffered a hamstring injury while training and did not perform at the combine. Held a private workout in April and performed poorly, running a 4.6-second 40-yard dash and appearing to be gassed while doing all the drills. Claimed he had only just begun working out again. Said he was 100% healthy and would be ready to take part in rookie camp. Scored a 17 on the Wonderlic test. Has a 33½-inch vertical. He did not perform the broad jump or the bench press. Has 31-inch arms and 9½-inch hands. Grew up in Geismar, La. Was a general studies major in college. Agent is Pat Dye. - Tom Silverstein. ALSO: What the scouts were saying
DAVID BAKHTIARI
R4 (109) T-G 6-4 1/2 301 Colorado
Age 21. From Burlingame, Calif. (Junipero Serra High School). Redshirted in 2009 before starting 33 of 34 games from 2010-'12. Played RT in 2010 and LT in 2011-'12 before declaring a year early after the Buffaloes went 1-11 and fired coach Jon Embree. What are his strengths? "My athleticism and my versatility and my leverage and good core strength and good positioning," said Bakhtiari. "I can help a team out in multiple positions." Not sure where he will play. "I think I can play left tackle," he said. "Whatever the Packers want me to play, I'll play. I can work on becoming smarter … playing more stout." Ran 40 yards in 5.08 seconds. Vertical jump of 25½ inches, broad jump of 8-5 and 28 reps on the 225-pound bench press. Arms measured 34 inches and hands were very small at 9½. "He's got very good feet," O-line coach James Campen said. "Good quickness. He's very versatile." Scored 25 on the 12-minute, 50-question Wonderlic intelligence test. Agent is Mark Humenik. - Bob McGinn ALSO: What the scouts were saying
J.C. TRETTER
R4 (122) G-C 6-3 1/2 307 Cornell
Age 22. From Akron, N.Y. (Akron Central High School). Spent 2009-'10 as a 250-pound TE before moving to LT for his final two seasons. "I'm extremely confident in my own ability to be a great player at the next level," Tretter said. "I'm a smart, heady player." Tretter caught one pass for 18 yards as a freshman and four for 62 and one TD as a sophomore. "I wanted to be an NFL tight end," he said. "Then I wanted to be an NFL offensive lineman. It's been a long road since I was a 230-pound quarterback in high school to a 310-pound lineman." Invited to the combine and the Senior Bowl. Never made it to Mobile because he suffered a broken nose in a workout one day before departure. Ran the 40 in 5.04 seconds. Vertical jump of 29½ inches, broad jump of 9-1 and 29 reps on the bench press. Arms were 33 3/8 and hands were 10 1/8. Suffered torn meniscus knee cartilage in early 2011 but was ready for the season. Outstanding prep basketball player, averaging 28 points and 17 rebounds as a senior. Also averaged 28 as a junior. Scheduled to graduate soon with a degree in industrial labor relations. Grade-point average is 3.4. "I wanted to be a sports agent," said Tretter. "But I love football so much I switched and want to go into coaching or scouting." Wonderlic of 33. Agent is Alan Herman. - Bob McGinn ALSO: What the scouts were saying
JOHNATHAN FRANKLIN
R4 (125) RB 5-10 200 UCLA
Age 23. From Los Angeles (Dorsey High School). Redshirted in 2008 and started 45 of 53 games over the next four seasons. Carried 788 times for 4,403 yards, breaking Gaston Green's school record. Averaged 5.6 per carry and scored 31 TDs. "He's more elusive, more make you miss (than Eddie Lacy)," RB coach Alex Van Pelt said. "And he does it very well." Rushed for a school-record 1,734 yards as a senior. His 4,936 all-purpose yards surpassed the school record of 4,688 by Maurice Jones-Drew. "I love the game of football and having the ball in my hands," said Franklin. "If you want me to run inside, I can run inside, and if you want me to run outside, I can run outside." Had 22 fumbles in 846 touches. Caught 59 passes for 528 yards (9.0) and three TDs. "Very good receiver," Van Pelt said. "Good hands. He was a three-down running back and did all the protections." 40 time of 4.50, vertical jump of 31 1/2, broad jump of 9-7 and 18 reps on the bench. Weighed 205 at the combine and 196 at pro day. Arms were 30, hands were 9 3/8. Dead set on becoming mayor of L.A. one day. Wonderlic of 21. Agent is Kenny Zuckerman. - Bob McGinn ALSO: What the scouts were saying
MICAH HYDE
R5 (159) CB 5-11 1/2 194 Iowa
Age 22. From Fostoria, Ohio (Fostoria High School). Started 38 of 51 games, including 36 at CB and first two games in 2011 at free safety. Named Big Ten Defensive Back of the Year in 2012 and was selected as Hawkeyes' most valuable player on defense. "He's a great kid," CB coach Joe Whitt said. "Tough kid. Willing tackler. He can play outside or nickel. He understands football. He has a high football IQ, and I like guys like that." Finished with eight interceptions, 29 passes defensed and 240 tackles. Played in the East-West Game. Quarterback in high school. Arrested for public intoxication and interference with officials in October. His court date is coming up. "It goes on in Iowa City a lot," said Hyde. "You get a lot of people charged with public intox. It's not an excuse. I made a horrible mistake that night." In December, he was cited by police for playing music too loud in Iowa City. 40 time of 4.57, vertical jump of 33½, broad jump of 10-1 and 12 reps on the bench. Arms were 31½, hands were 9 3/8. Wonderlic of 21. "I know special teams is vital and I can do that," said Hyde. "I consider myself a very smart player. I have a real knowledge of the game." Packers have no plans at present to try him at safety. "Some (NFL teams) mentioned that," Hyde said. "I've played corner, and that's what I'm used to. I'm comfortable playing corner." Said he was never injured at Iowa. Agent is Jack Bechta. - Bob McGinn ALSO: What the scouts were saying
JOSH BOYD
R 5 (1 67 ) DT 6-2 1/2 307 Mississippi St.
Age 23. From Philadelphia, Miss. (Philadelphia High School). Three-year starter at DT in a 4-3 scheme. In all, started 41 of 51 games. "I saw a big kid with explosion who was able to get some nice pop," D-line coach Mike Trgovac said. "He's got some good movement to him." Boyd caught Trgovac's attention a year ago when he was watching tapes of Bulldogs DT Fletcher Cox, a first-round draft choice by the Eagles in 2012. "Best thing he did was play three-technique and one-technique (nose tackle)," said Trgovac. "We'll have to see if he can play four-technique. For a big guy, he's got pretty nimble feet. He'll fight you." Finished with 125 tackles (18 for loss) and 8 ½ sacks. 40 time of 5.14, vertical jump of 28, broad jump of 8-8 and 32 reps on the bench. Short arms (32) and small hands (9 1/4). "I can play defensive end to the nose," said Boyd. "I'm a pretty hard worker. I pride myself on being physical on the field. I feel like I have a pretty good shot." Wonderlic of 14. Heavily recruited out of Philadelphia High. Agent is Rodney Edwards. - Bob McGinn ALSO: What the scouts were saying
NATE PALMER
R 6 (1 93 ) OLB 6- 2
24 8 Illinois St.
Age 23. From Chicago (Simeon High School). Redshirted at Illinois in 2008 and then played for the Illini in 2009-'10. Contributed on special teams as a freshman and made six tackles as a sophomore. Transferred to Illinois State, where he had 117 tackles (25½ for loss) and 17 sacks in two seasons as a DE. "I will have a lot to learn because (linebacker) hasn't been my primary position," said Palmer, adding that he didn't expect to be drafted. Green Bay was the only team that he visited. He reminded Redbirds coach Brock Spack of OLB Rosevelt Colvin, whom he coached at Purdue and had 52½ sacks in a 10-year NFL career. "He's a tremendous person and a lot of fun to be around," said Spack. "He's a coach's dream type of guy." Ran a swift 40 (4.72) at pro day March 22 in Normal. Put up sensational testing numbers with a vertical jump of 35½ and a broad jump of 10-5. Arms were 33 ½, hands were 9 5/8. Didn't bench press because of a torn ligament in his left wrist. "Good prototype size and length," GM Ted Thompson said. "Good athlete. Very nice young man." Wonderlic of 15. Agent is James Chris Martin. - Bob McGinn ALSO: What the scouts were saying
CHARLES JOHNSON
R 7 (2 16 ) WR 6-2 215 Grand Valley St.
Age 24. From Elsmere, Ky. (Lloyd Memorial High School). Played one season in junior college and one season at Eastern Kentucky, where he caught three passes for 63 yards. Transferred to NCAA Division II Grand Valley, where he caught 128 passes for 2,229 yards (17.4) and 31 TDs in two seasons. "Ran really well," Thompson said. "Had a real good pro day. Flexible in and out of his cuts." Had a great performance at pro day in March with 4.40 40, vertical jump of 39½, broad jump of 11 and 14 reps on the bench. Arms were 30½, hands were 9¼. "My biggest asset is my knowledge of the game," said Johnson. "I'm able to pick up coverages easily. I can also run fast, jump high and catch balls. I think my pro day turned a lot of heads, but teams liked me before that, too." - Bob McGinn ALSO: What the scouts were saying
KEVIN DORSEY
R 7 (2 24 ) WR 6-1 1/2 207 Maryland
Age 22. From Forestville, Md. (Forestville Military Academy). Redshirted in 2008 after undergoing surgery on his left foot in August. Led Terrapins in special-teams tackles with eight in '09. "I'm a big-play receiver," said Dorsey. "Definitely have the speed to stretch downfield. I also take pride in running short routes." Two-year starter with 81 receptions for 1,088 yards (13.4) and nine TDs. Far more productive as a junior (45 catches) than as a senior (18). "They had a number of injuries at quarterback this year so it was quite a chore to be a receiver there," said Thompson. "He looks like what you're supposed to look like." Excellent pro day performance included 40 time of 4.47, vertical jump of 38, broad jump of 10-10 and 17 reps on the bench. Very long arms (33 ¾), and hands were 9 5/8. Graduated in fall 2011 with an economics degree. Wonderlic of 22. - Bob McGinn ALSO: What the scouts were saying
SAM BARRINGTON
R 7 (2 32 ) LB 6-1 240 South Florida
A scathing op-ed in today's Hartford Courant gives background on George Bush's nominee to be the third ranking official at the Department of Justice, Kevin O'Connor. Most interesting, the denunciation of O'Connor was written by a Connecticut Republican. O'Connor demonstrated the excesses of the Bush administration in a case he brought — and lost — against Connecticut librarians under the Patriot Act. Yes, librarians:
The test of whether an official is worthy of power is how he exercises it when the law shuts out public scrutiny. Connecticut U.S. Attorney Kevin O'Connor failed that test in 2005 when he thought no one was looking at his abuse of the USA Patriot Act. His own incompetence, however, allowed light to shine on his battle in the shadows against four upright Connecticut librarians. The U.S. Senate can take a stand for individual liberty by rejecting President Bush's nomination of O'Connor to a high-ranking position in the Justice Department that includes overseeing the enforcement of civil rights.
O'Connor not only lost the case, he made a mockery of the proceeding. Read the op-ed. O'Connor fits the mold of a loyal Bushie who has no regard for civil liberties. We've had enough of those types.
There's more after the break.
The Senate should also ask him about his letter to Ron Kaufman (You know his name. He's the lobbyist who is with Mitt Romney all the time even though Mitt doesn't have lobbyists in his campaign.):
O'Connor had foreshadowed his taste for mixing law enforcement and political ambition in a letter he had sent to Washington Republican operative Ron Kaufman at the beginning of the George W. Bush administration, seeking help in snagging the U.S. attorney job in Connecticut. He saw the job as a gate to higher office: “Simply put, there is no better position for me to occupy before a statewide run for office than United States Attorney,” he wrote. Senators may want a copy of that letter. It reveals more about O'Connor than the 50-page questionnaire he provided the committee. If members of the Senate really do worry about shrouded abuses that occur under the Patriot Act, this is the time to prove it. The Judiciary Committee holds a hearing on O'Connor's nomination Tuesday. It can punish, not promote, an official who engaged in an abuse of his office while claiming the nation's security was at risk.
O'Connor is so hungry for higher office, he was willing to trample the civil rights of librarians. He should be working for Cheney.
The embassy protests and the Arab uprising
Last week's scenes of angry mobs besieging America's embassies in Egypt, Libya, Yemen and Tunisia, and of one of its finest diplomats dead in the streets of a country he had helped to liberate understandably shocked and horrified Americans. Sensationalist media outlets rushed to exploit the moment, politicians pounced prematurely, and pundits reached for their great book of cliches about the roots of Muslim rage. Somewhere, I have no doubt, a great global assembly of strawmen is convening for anxious discussions about why they had been targeted for burning. This despair is wildly premature. The embassy attacks do not present the "true face" of the Arab uprisings. They do not mean that the hopes for democratic change have failed, and we have not entered an "Islamist Winter."
The crisis isn't over, of course. Small numbers of protestors continue to rage as the cycle unfolds across the world, and cynical politicians desperate to revive their flagging fortunes are banging the drums of outrage (no, no, I meant Hezbollah's Hassan Nasrallah). But after one week I am struck by the significant differences between 2006 and 2012 in how Arab and American publics have responded to the cycle of outrage. This week, a wide range of prominent leaders and ordinary citizens publicly rebuked the attacks on U.S. Embassies, and have denounced the riots (even if many continue to voice their right to criticize the anti-Islamic film). The protests, most of which were rather small in the first place, have in most places largely sputtered out, in part because key Islamist forces decided that their interests were better served by restraint than by escalation. What is more, a very significant number of Arab voices complained publicly over their peers demonstrating over an obscure film rather than over the slaughter in Syria or serious domestic challenges in their countries. I do not remember any similar backlash in 2006. (Please do check out the #muslimrage hashtag on Twitter for a fine outburst of humor over the attempt to gin up a new clash of civilizations.)
This is not to say that there has been some great outpouring of pro-American sentiment masked by the angry crowds shouting "Death to America." American foreign policy is as unpopular as ever, and the anger over this ridiculous film appears to be widespread and real. But the Arab uprisings have empowered multiple, competing voices which will not easily cede the stage to the old forces of Islamist outrage. And without dictators to fan the flames behind the scenes and then shut things down when they went to far — the game perfected by the Mubaraks, Salehs and Assads of the world over too many years — even the Islamists with seemingly the most to gain politically by fanning the flames of fury seem to have realized the need for restraint. Finally, thanks to social media links forged between Arab journalists and activists with American journalists and ordinary citizens over the last two years, there may be less dependence on "official" narratives and more opportunities for non-extremists to make themselves heard. Indeed, the real story of last week may utlimately be that it has become harder, not easier, to spark and sustain these "clash of civilizations" dynamics in the wake of the Arab uprising.
The comparison to the Danish Cartoons crisis helps to separate out what might be unique either to the Arab uprisings or the Obama administration's policies. The Danish cartoons crisis took place under the Bush administration, well before it began its much-needed course correction by replacing Donald Rumsfeld with Robert Gates and sidelining Dick Cheney later in 2006. The Bush administration was still in full-on Global War on Terror mode at that time, still occupying Iraq, still deploying all the bold and resolved rhetoric in its arsenal. And it took place at the height of Arab authoritarianism, when all those friendly secular dictators were comfortably in their palaces. Despite those two key differences from today, the initial outbreak of the Cartoons crisis looked a lot like last week's crisis — but the subsequent dynamics did not.
Then, as now, a group of Islamist activists brought obscure, local images portraying Mohammed from the West to the Middle East, and then opportunistic extremists used them to whip up a global frenzy. A number of Arab regimes tacitly or overtly supported the escalation of the protests. Several (mostly) Danish Embassies were torched, and over a hundred people were killed. In the subsequent Stupid!Storm, Islamist leaders competed to outbid each other in the rhetorical fury of their denunciations, while those leaders (such as the televangelist Amr Khaled) who timidly tried to de-escalate the crisis were roundly denounced. Protests went on for weeks. The middle ground almost completely disappeared, as the extremes drove the debate and gloomy notions of a "clash of civilizations" gained ever wider currency, to al-Qaeda's delight.
Last week's sudden eruption began in a similar way, but then took a different path. The initial steps look similar, from the discovery of an obscure media insult to Islam by opportunistic Islamists through the rioting outside Embassies. The rapid outpouring of popular outrage and sensitivity to insults to Islam look very similar as well. But equally interesting is what happened next: apologies and condemnation of the attacks (some more grudging than others) from elected leaders, popular demonstrations in a number of Arab countries against the violence, and widespread pushback in Arab public debates against the attempt to hijack popular anger.
In Libya, almost every elected official rushed to denounce the attacks and apologize for American losses. Vigils and protests against the violence broke out across the country, with Libyans rushing to tell Americans that the attackers did not represent Libya or Islam. The killings in Libya revealed not a latent anti-Americanism, but the ongoing lack of state capacity. If it does turn out that Stevens was killed in a well-planned attack by al-Qaeda in retaliation for the killing of Abu Yehya al-Libi, this point would stand even more strongly. American and Libyan leaders alike quickly agreed that the appropriate response was even closer cooperation to disarm militias, built a functioning state, and complete the democratic transition.
Such responses did not only occur in Libya. Similar apologies from national leaders and denunciations of the violence by NGOs and activist groups quickly occurred in Yemen, despite the serious hostility towards American foreign policy prevalent there and the popular hostility to the deployment of US Marines to protect the Embassy. "Nothing is more disgusting than watching a small group of reckless people trying to hijack the extraordinary image of Yemeni protestors throughout more than a year of peaceful struggle," complained one Yemeni activist. Tunisia's government has promised to quickly crack down on the leaders of the attack on the Tunis Embassy. Protests in most other Arab countries proved to be small and marginal, their importance magnified by media scrutiny: a few hundred here and there, not hundreds of thousands taking over the streets. The expected surge of protests lasts Friday largely failed to materialize, and by Saturday the wave already appeared to have crested and the streets calmed down. Even Yusuf al-Qaradawi, who had played a key role in pushing rage over the Danish Cartoons into the mainstream in 2006 and who clearly wanted to score points off this latest opportunity for manufactured outrage, came out against attacking embassies.
The sharpest challenge came not in Libya, but in Egypt. The original protests had been organized by salafis, after the airing of the film clip on one of their satellite television stations (a human rights lawyer has now filed suit against them). But the small number of Egyptians involved in violent clashes outside the Embassy in the following days were mostly young punks with no discernible ideology beyond hatred for the police. These were neither Islamists nor the activists of the early days of Tahrir Square, but the violent anarchists who had dominated the clashes in the final months of 2011. The popular anger over the perceived insult to Islam, the dominance of intra-Islamist political competition in driving behavior, and the widespread hostility to the United States were nonetheless real and posed a significant challenge to the future of the U.S.-Egyptian strategic alliance. The near-complete absence of any Egyptians willing to stand up for the United States during the crisis stood in stark, depressing contrast to the outpourings of popular sympathy from Libya to Yemen. No vigils for American victims were organized in Cairo of which I am aware (please correct me if I'm wrong).
But despite all of this, Morsi, who initially disappeared and would likely have preferred to ride the wave of a cheap and popular issue, quickly discovered the need to calm things down in order to maintain working relations with the West. After a sharp private exchange with Obama and several pointed public American remarks (Obama's "neither an ally nor an enemy" comment was very clearly a message and not a gaffe), Morsi stepped forward with a televised address apologizing for the violence. The Muslim Brotherhood withdrew its call for Friday protests against the film, which might have dramatically escalated the crisis. Morsi's grudging but eventually effective response says little about the never-ending debate over the Brotherhood's "true" intentions, but much about how its behavior is shaped by pressures and opportunities.
The violence last week therefore meant less than initially met the eye but did point to several important points. The Arab uprising opened space for all forms of political activism, including many strands of Islamism and nativism. The salafi organizers of protestors against the film did take advantage of the same opportunities to organize, mobilize and communicate their grievances as did other activist groups. Such mobs can do considerable damage, especially where state institutions are weak and can't reliably maintain security (Libya, Yemen). Islamism has been transforming Arab public culture for generations, creating ample opportunities to mobilize people in the face of such manufactured outrages. Almost every Arab transition has struggled to deliver on its early promise, leaving a vast reservoir of frustrated, angry youth ready to be mobilized into protests and demonstrations. Islamists have taken over increasing political space in much of the region, keeping such issues ripe for mobilization. Empowered publics and a tightly interconnected media space do ensure the rapid diffusion of ideas and protest movements across the entire region. And the Arab uprising did contain a powerful element of popular opposition to the American role in the region, not only among Islamists, rooted in decades of U.S. policies which have not been forgotten.
But there's so much more to it than that. The Islamist protestors using the YouTube film to whip up outrage are only one small voice in a contested, turbulent new public sphere. The new Arab public is far more diverse and self-confident today than it was six years ago, and able and willing to push back against simplistic interpretations. Political jockeying between Muslim Brothers and salafis in transitional countries may create incentives for outbidding on Islamic issues, but the political arena — both at home and abroad — offers more countervailing forces and pressure points. Leaders of transitional governments have different political interests than did the old dictators, as do Islamist movements now struggling with the exercise of power amidst ongoing institutional crisis and polarized politics. There are certainly plenty of people and movements on both sides who yearn for a return to the simple politics of a clash of civilizations, but there are many more who are manifestly impatient with such dichotomies and now have the political space to reject them.
The protests last week, particularly the killing of Chris Stevens and his colleagues, were a horrible moment for America and for the Middle East. But it is far too soon to give up on the promise of the Arab uprisings. Nobody thought that fundamental political change would be easy, that transitions would proceed without turbulence, or that anti-American feelings had simply vanished. But perhaps the end of the crisis matters more than its beginning.
America navigating this turbulent environment will depend in part on bipartisan consensus about the importance of promoting democratic reform in the Arab world. The Obama administration has maintained its poise through a difficult week, despite the crisis abroad and the partisan polemics at home. I only wish I knew whether Romney agreed with him and with the McCains and Kristols of his own party on support for democratic change in the Middle East, or with those trends on the American right who see only Islamist radicalism on the march. Perhaps someone should ask him.
Disney CEO Bob Iger has announced that he's stepping down from a White House advisory council following President Donald Trump's Thursday announcement that he plans to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord.
“As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal,” he tweeted.
As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017
Iger's announcement comes just a couple of hours after Elon Musk also revealed that he's resigning from the council due to the decision.
Disney later issued a longer statement from Iger. “Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future, and they aren't mutually exclusive. I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement and, as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's advisory council.”
The official name of the group was the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, and it included an array of CEOs from across industries, including Mary Barra of General Motors and Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase. Stephen A. Schwarzman, the co-founder of Blackstone, serves as chairman.
Iger, who gave money to Hillary Clinton during the campaign, faced some criticism for his participation. Asked about it at Disney's shareholders meeting in March, he said that it was “an opportunity for me to express views that I think … are of value to the company and its shareholders.” He said that it was important to have a seat at the table, and that his participation did not reflect an endorsement of Trump's positions or that of the administration. Iger has previously been a champion of issues like immigration reform, while Trump ran against it.
Related Bob Iger on Hostless Oscars: 'It's Been a Rollercoaster' Last Hostless Oscars Were Memorable — for the Wrong Reasons
Travis Kalanick, CEO of Uber, also was a member of the forum, and he initially argued that it was important to have a seat at the table. But he resigned in February, in the wake of Trump's initial executive order restricting travel from a number of Muslim-majority countries.
In announcing his decision, Trump said that the Paris accord was a bad deal for the United States that would hurt American workers.
A former Labour Member of Parliament in Scotland has told RIA Novosti there is a “major find” of oil and gas on the West Coast of Scotland which is not being extracted because of UK nuclear submarine operations.
GLASGOW, June 6 (RIA Novosti), Mark Hirst – A former Labour Member of Parliament in Scotland has told RIA Novosti there is a “major find” of oil and gas on the West Coast of Scotland which is not being extracted because of UK nuclear submarine operations.
David Lambie, 89, was a Labour MP for Ayrshire from 1970 until 1992 and told RIA Novosti that a member of the Conservative Government in the early 1980s leaked information to him about the oil discovery which, Lambie says, the Ministry of Defence, (MoD), has tried to cover up.
“It was a Tory MP who actually contacted me in the first place,” Lambie told RIA Novosti.
“He was in the Government at that time and he couldn't do anything about it. He wanted me to raise the issue,” Lambie added.
Lambie said that Scottish independence wasn't a realistic possibility then, but he felt exploration would boost the local economy which in 1983 was blighted by mass unemployment.
“The exploration of oil would have created jobs on the West coast of Scotland at a time when we really needed them,” Lambie said. “As soon as the MoD heard about it and realized I was getting my information from a Tory MP and a member of the Government then the whole thing stopped.”
British Petroleum, (BP), who carried out a seismic and geological exploration survey over an area of 92 square miles south of Arran, a large island in the middle of the Firth of Clyde, said they no longer held the survey data. Lambie told RIA Novosti that the loss of the data was “curious”.
Peter Walker was Tory Energy Minister in the early 1980s and told the UK Parliament that consultation would be needed with the MoD due to the “importance of the area for the passage of British and US submarines to and from their bases.”
According to Lambie the MoD then moved to block any exploration in the area.
Lambie agreed that independence, and the resultant closure of Faslane and nuclear submarine operations, could open the door to exploration on the Firth of Clyde.
“The oil is in the area to the south of Arran,” Lambie told RIA Novosti. “It was a place where the navy people from Faslane (the UK's nuclear submarine base) trained.
“The oil is still there, it must be there,” Lambie said. “Nobody is using it. The Tory MP who contacted me got hell for leaking the information to me.”
Lambie added, “The Tory MP described the oil identified as a ‘major find'.”
Jim Sillars, a former Labour and Scottish National Party MP, told RIA Novosti that he believed the British Government had deliberately covered up the extent of oil on the West coast of Scotland.
“There should now be a full blown exploration and explanation to the people in Scotland of what's there in terms of oil and gas in the Firth of Clyde,” Sillars told RIA Novosti.
“You should be able, once we are independent and negotiating with Westminster, to demand a premium lease on the Faslane base until it leaves,” Sillars added.
Sillars said that a premium lease of Faslane to the UK Government by the Scottish Government should be made to reflect the oil revenues lost from the Clyde during the period oil exploration did not proceed.
“Once the base goes, as it will go under independence, then we can go full steam ahead and exploit the oil and gas and transform the economy on North Ayrshire, where the support industries would be established,” Sillars told RIA Novosti.
Meanwhile a survey of oil companies operating in the North Sea has found the majority of those surveyed believe Scottish independence would have a positive impact on their industry.
The survey by the Aberdeen and Grampian Chambers of Commerce found that small to medium sized oil companies were more favorable to Scottish independence than the large multi-national operators.
Despite responding positively to Lil Wayne's recent diss, Young Thug appears to have changed his tune towards Weezy and Young Money.
Yesterday (April 12), Thug uploaded a video to Instagram that features various clips of him performing while a woman narrates some shots at Wayne and his imprint.
“Big killa, young nigga, young fucking money…fuck you I kill you,” she says.
After her voice fades, the words “Barter 6” appear on the screen.
Last Thursday (April 9), while addressing the crowd at his “Release Partiez” tour stop in Jackson, Mississippi, Lil Wayne took aim at Young Thug.
“Y'all let him know I said, ‘Fuck ‘em,'” Wayne said, followed by the sound of gun shots from the DJ booth. “Stop listening to songs of niggas who pose naked on their motherfucking album covers.”
Young Thug's Tha Carter 6 is set to be released on April 17.
Young Thug's Instagram post can be viewed below:
http://instagram.com/p/1YoHmJxz8u/
For additional Young Thug coverage, watch the following DX Daily:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW DELHI: The 90-odd Norwegian companies including wealth funds operating in India find the business climate in India favourable with many of them looking to increase footprints in the near future.According to the first ever Business Climate Survey conducted by the the Norwegian Business Association India (NBAI) and Norwegian Consulate in Mumbai, in collaboration with Innovation Norway , the commercial section of the Norwegian Embassy in Delhi, 62 per cent of the companies found the business climate in India favourable.The survey was conducted to assess the current and near future business climate for Norwegian companies with specific focus on the maritime sector. There are around 90 Norwegian companies operating in India, the largest ones among them being Telenor, DNB, Aker Solutions, Kongsberg, Jotun, Statkraft Norfund Power, Det Norske Veritas and Elkem.According to the survey, 59 per cent of these companies are looking to increase their workforce by at least 20 per cent next year."Telecom, oil and gas, manufacturing, consulting, maritime and marine (fisheries) form the backbone of Norway's economy," Norwegian Ambassador to India Nils Ragnar Kamsvag said.According to Richard Chapman , Chairman of NBAI, Norway has the fifth-largest merchant fleet in the world. "They are here for two reasons -- crewing and service," he said Kamsvag also said that the Norwegian State Pension Fund is the biggest sovereign wealth fund "and is one of the biggest foreign investors in India".According to the survey, the maximum opportunities in India for Norwegian companies lie in the areas of equipment supplies (83 per cent), ship design (75 per cent) and navigation systems (71 per cent).The Indian government, giving infrastructure status to ship-building has also got Norwegian companies interested."Most of our investments are technology-driven, like oil and gas out at sea in difficult waters and technology for deep-sea drilling," Kamsvag said.According to Chapman, Norway, where hydropower is almost 100 per cent of all power generated, can help India in this sector. He said Statkraft Norfund Power, Norway's largest power generation company, already has a joint venture with Tata Power The NBAI chairman said that Norway can help in water supply, sewage and waste disposal and recycling. "Recycling is an area of expertise. What we are looking at (in India) is smart cities," he said.
Image copyright AP Image caption The judge said Lacey Spears suffers from Munchausen by proxy syndrome
A US woman has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for making her five-year-old son sick and eventually killing him to gain attention online.
Lacey Spears, 27, of New York, administered salt into her son Garnett's feeding tube from infancy while writing a blog about his illness.
Prosecutors described her actions as evil, inhuman and despicable.
The judge said she was suffering from a rare mental disorder and so was spared the maximum 25-year sentence available.
'Weapon to kill'
Garnett died in 2014 at Westchester Medical Centre after he was treated for gastrointestinal symptoms that Spears had induced.
Image copyright AP Image caption Lacey Spears had a "bizarre need for attention" said the assistant district attorney
His feeding tube had been in place since infancy when Spears told doctors he could not keep food down.
When she took him to hospital saying he was having seizures, doctors found his sodium levels to be extremely high.
The prosecution said that having administered him salt at their home in suburban New York, she twice took Garnett into a bathroom at the hospital to do the same.
They said she posted pictures of him dying on her Facebook account.
Acting state supreme court justice Robert Neary called Spears' crime "unfathomable in its cruelty'', bringing Garnett "five years of torment and pain".
Assistant district attorney Doreen Lloyd said: "She continued to portray him as a sick child for her own bizarre need for attention.
"She used that feeding tube as a weapon to kill him."
Spears had told investigators that her son, whose father was killed in a car accident, suffered from a number of medical problems from Crohn's disease and Celiac diseases to ear abnormalities.
The judge described her as mentally ill and identified her condition as Munchausen by proxy syndrome, in which a person, usually a parent, sickens a child to gain attention from the child's plight.
Her defence lawyers had refused to raise the disorder as a defence and said she had not been diagnosed with any mental illness.
They had asked for the minimum sentence of 15 years. They have filed an appeal against her conviction.
From magical rings to loony moons to giant polar hurricanes, in 13 years orbiting Saturn the Cassini probe has exposed many wonders. Here's our pick
NASA
TITAN'S methane lakes. Icy Enceladus spouting geysers of hot water. Sponge-like Hyperion. Ravioli-shaped Pan and Atlas. Iapetus with its equatorial ridge battered by ancient craters. Close-ups of those iconic rings engirdling the gas-giant planet itself, and gigantic hurricanes around its poles.
The Cassini probe, launched in 1997, has orbited the Saturn system for 13 years. What it has revealed is astounding – and challenges our understanding of planets and their satellites everywhere, says planetary scientist Julien Salmon of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado. “If everything comes from the same processes, should we get so much diversity?” he asks. “It seems like every moon has a part of the story to tell.”
Advertisement
Cassini's grand finale: Join us as we count down to the fiery end of the Cassini spacecraft's mission to Saturn
Right up to this weekend's “Grand Finale”, Cassini has been collecting more data and snapping fresh images with a series of low swoops over Saturn's moons and through its rings. But what it has already seen constitutes, arguably, the richest haul of discoveries from any mission yet mounted to another planet. “It's going to be tough to say goodbye to Cassini,” says Salmon.
The rings
After a six-and-a-half-year journey, Cassini entered orbit around Saturn on 1 July 2004 – and immediately encountered the planet's signature feature, its rings. Pictures collected by the Voyager probes when they flew past Saturn in 1980 and 1981 suggested the planet was girdled by about 10,000 rings, each a cloud of particles tightly confined to a narrow orbit. “Now the number is in the millions,” says Larry Esposito, principal investigator for Cassini's ultraviolet imaging spectrograph.
The rings are also complex: Cassini's images have revealed clumps, holes, gaps and other structures. Some wave-like features are due to gravitational interactions with the moons embedded in the rings, but the origin of others is unclear.
62 known moons of Saturn – Cassini discovered 7 of them
The rings probably formed initially when a large moon came too close to Saturn and was ripped apart by gravitational forces. Esposito thinks this was early in the solar system's history, and that the rings have gradually spread since then, perhaps forming moons in the process. Others think the rings go through cycles: moons collide forming new rings that coalesce into new moons which eventually collide again, with the current rings as little as 100 million years old.
Old rings are expected to be much more massive than young ones. In its past final weeks, Cassini has been repeatedly passing between the rings and the planet, accurately measuring the rings' mass to perhaps resolve the question.
Enceladus
NASA
Before Cassini, researchers had expected this icy, 500-kilometre-diameter moon to be frozen solid. But on an early fly-by in February 2005, the spacecraft's magnetometer “sensed something unusual going on with its magnetic field”, says Cassini project scientist Linda Spilker of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California.
A later pass showed that the South Pole was much warmer than expected, and was spouting geysers of salty water into space. Enceladus circles Saturn twice for every orbit of the larger moon Dione, inducing a gravitational interaction that melts ice inside both moons. The process squeezes Enceladus, ejecting jets of water from large fracture zones near its South Pole (pictured below). Cassini measured the composition of these jets, detecting raw materials for life including salt, water, carbon dioxide, methane, other organic molecules and, most recently, hydrogen, an ideal energy source for life.
Silica found in the jets can be produced only in water close to boiling point, indicating that hydrothermal vents are also present in the subsurface ocean – making the icy moon a hot target in the search for life.
Hyperion
NASA
Trapped in a gravitational resonance with Titan, Hyperion (right) tumbles chaotically in orbit. Subject of an early fly-by in September 2005, its light, porous-looking surface resembles a battered sponge, but no one quite knows why. One possibility is that it is a fragment of a larger object shattered in a past collision. The dark zones look lower than the light-coloured ridges, perhaps because they absorbed more sunlight, causing ices below them to evaporate and the dark layer to sink down.
Iapetus
NASA
At first glance, an equatorial ridge girdling Iapetus looks like a moulding mark on a factory-fresh rubber ball. A Cassini fly-by in 2007 revealed that the ridge is as heavily cratered as the rest of the 1500-kilometre-diameter moon's surface, so it must have formed long ago. Iapetus's surface is also oddly two-toned, with a darker leading edge. This is caused by gravitational forces that lock the moon into position around Saturn, causing its front face to sweep up dust.
Titan
NASA
When Voyager 1 passed Titan in 1980, it couldn't see the surface of Saturn's largest moon: solar ultraviolet radiation drives reactions between nitrogen and methane molecules in its atmosphere that yield a thick, orange-brown gunk. The purpose of Cassini's Huygens lander, built by the European Space Agency, was to find out what lay beneath. Voyager had discovered that the temperature and pressure on Titan's surface would allow liquid methane. Huygens, released on 14 January 2005, was made to withstand a wet or dry landing.
Photos taken during the lander's 150-minute descent showed networks of branching streams possibly carved by liquid methane. But the touchdown was hard, on a cobblestone-strewn flood plain near Titan's equator like “something you might see in Death Valley”, says Alexander Hayes of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. But at around -180°C it was much colder, with a surface covered in plastic shavings and foam beads.
20,000km/h
Entry speed of the Huygens probe into Titan's atmosphere
Huygens transmitted data from the surface for 72 minutes until its battery failed. In the years since, Cassini has probed Titan's atmosphere and mapped its surface on successive fly-bys, confirming the presence of liquid methane. In radar observations a few weeks apart it found evidence that methane showers had soaked the soil, then evaporated – the first proof of precipitation beyond Earth.
Titan's landscape is eerily calm, with methane seas and lakes that are “fantastically flat”, says Hayes. They are more transparent than water lakes: a radar echo from one was reflected from its bottom, 160 metres down. Bright “magic islands”, which appear briefly in the dark lakes before disappearing, are thought to be nitrogen bubbling out of solution.
Perhaps oddest of all, Titan has two ocean levels. Beneath the hydrocarbon seas on the surface, under a shell of water ice, lies salty liquid water. This hidden ocean is, says Hayes, “the most accessible laboratory for prebiotic chemistry in the solar system” – a potential habitat for life.
Mimas
NASA
At 396 kilometres in diameter, Mimas is the smallest known rounded body in the solar system. Seen closest by Cassini in February 2010, it's not completely round, however: one side is dominated by the 130-kilometre Herschel crater with walls 5 kilometres high. The giant pit makes Mimas, right, look eerily like the planet-destroying Death Star in the “Star Wars” movies. It is, however, extremely vulnerable: made principally of water ice, cracks on its opposite side show that a past impact came close to shattering it.
Hurricanes on Saturn
NASA
Hurricanes on Earth tend to go towards the poles, but those on Saturn, pictured right, are fixed there. They have central eyes and eye-wall clouds like terrestrial hurricanes, and spin in the same way, but at 4000 kilometres across, three of them side by side would span Earth's diameter. Terrestrial hurricanes are powered by heat released from warm ocean surfaces. There's nothing like that on Saturn, so what powers its storms remains a mystery.
Pan
NASA
Fat, round, ravioli-shaped Pan orbits in a gap in Saturn's A-ring, the outermost of the large, bright rings. Its central core is icy, but ring particles accumulate on a strip around its circumference, fattening Pan out to a 35-kilometre diameter. Revealed in great detail in images taken in March 2017, this belt is cratered, with signs of a small landslide pulled downhill by the moon's gravity. Atlas, another moon in the A-ring, is similar, but its skirt shows no craters and looks fluffier. The moons' growth may be limited by a gravitational tug of war between them and Saturn: if ring particles pile too high on Pan's equator, the planet's gravity tugs them off again.
Why the grand finale?
Almost 20 years after leaving Earth, Cassini's plutonium-powered generators are running out of fuel needed to adjust its course. Left to drift, it might collide with one of Saturn's moons, perhaps contaminating an environment that might contain or provide the conditions for life. To avoid that possibility, it will be steered into the atmosphere of Saturn itself, burning up like a meteor as it becomes part of the planet whose environment it has spent so long exploring.
This article appeared in print under the headline “Whole new worlds”
Copyright (c) 2019 Baptist Press. Reprinted from Baptist Press (www.baptistpress.com), news service of the Southern Baptist Convention.
The original story can be found at http://www.bpnews.net/36005/firstperson-pedophilia-on-the-horizon
FIRST-PERSON: Pedophilia on the horizon
ALEXANDRIA, La. (BP) -- American society has basically accepted the notion that sexual attraction is determined predominately by biology and that no one chooses to be heterosexual, homosexual or bisexual. Further, society has all but endorsed the belief that individuals can be born the wrong sex, i.e. a man in a woman's body and vice versa.
Once upon a time, the aforementioned behaviors were deemed deviant by a vast majority of Americans. Now these same actions are viewed as legitimate, albeit alternative, lifestyles.
America was not persuaded overnight to accept as normal practices that once were viewed as perverted. It took homosexual activists decades of aggressive propaganda to sway a preponderance of the U.S. populace to change its mind on all things related to sexuality.
If another group of activists has their way, a behavior currently considered by American society to be both vile and criminal will one day join the ranks of homosexuality and trans-sexuality as just another accepted aspect of normal human sexual expression. The behavior in question: pedophilia.
"Minor-attracted persons" and researchers from a variety of prominent American universities gathered in Baltimore at a conference sponsored by B4U-ACT in mid-August. The purpose of the symposium was to address the misunderstanding of adults who are sexually attracted to children and to challenge the entry for pedophilia in the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" of the American Psychiatric Association.
The group wants pedophilia to be reclassified and not listed as a mental disorder. Some believe, and I am one of them, that the change could eventually lead to the decriminalization of pedophilia.
B4U-ACT is an organization that, according to its website, desires to remove the stigma from "minor-attracted persons" -- aka pedophiles. It also rejects pedophilia as a behavior that should be viewed as deviant or perverted. "No on chooses to be emotionally and sexually attracted to children or adolescents," B4U-ACT asserts on a webpage titled "Fact Sheet."
Fred Berlin, founder of the Johns Hopkins Sexual Disorders Clinic, was the keynote speaker for the symposium. Berlin compared society's reaction to pedophilia to that of homosexuality prior to the 2003 Lawrence v. Texas decision that resulted in the decriminalization of sodomy.
Similar to the homosexual movement in the late 1960s, the movement to view pedophiles as misunderstood and unjustly persecuted is gaining momentum. The term "sexual orientation" in relation to pedophilia is being used more and more -- and not just by whacked-out activists, but by so-called "respected" academicians and physicians.
Consider the following:
The Journal of the American Medical Association published a paper in 2002 by Peter J. Fagan, Ph.D., et al. titled "Pedophilia." Consider the following quote from the article: "During psychosexual development, no one decides whether to be attracted to women, men, girls or boys. Rather, individuals discover the types of persons they are sexually attracted to, i.e., their sexual orientation."
In an article titled "Mental Health's Cold Shoulder Treatment of Pedophilia" in the periodical "Behavioral Health Management," May-June 2004, Douglas Edwards cites the previously mentioned Fred Berlin: "Dr. Berlin discounts the common view that pedophilia is a conscious choice. He regards pedophilia as a lifelong sexual orientation, just as hetero- and homosexuality, and he says patients can be terrified by the discovery of pedophilic cravings...."
Richard Gardner, M.D., clinical professor of psychiatry at Columbia University from 1963 until his death in 2003, argued that America's attitude toward child sexual encounters was out-of-step with the cultures of the world. In his book "True and False Accusations of Child Sex Abuse," Gardner wrote:
"Older children may be helped to appreciate that sexual encounters between an adult and a child are not universally considered to be reprehensible acts. The child might be told about other societies in which such behavior was and is considered normal.... In such discussions the child has to be helped to appreciate that we have in our society an exaggeratedly punitive and moralistic attitude about adult-child sexual encounters."
Gardner blamed what he described as the oppressive morality of the Bible for the American view of pedophilia. In his book, he asserted, "It is of interest that of all the ancient peoples it may very well be that the Jews were the only ones who were punitive toward pedophiles."
If you don't think pedophilia might one day be embraced as a normal part of life in America, you are naïve. You only have to examine how homosexuals have turned society on its head regarding a behavior that was once viewed as immoral and perverse.
The exact same arguments that homosexual activists have used to gain sympathy and acceptance for their behavior are the same arguments that are being used to justify pedophilia as natural, normal and healthy.
Two things stand in the way of pedophilia being accepted in American society. One is that normal, decent people still view it as gross perversion -– in the same way homosexuality once was viewed. The other is that age of consent laws make it illegal for an adult to take advantage of a child sexually.
America already accepts behavior it once deemed perverse and deviant. If society ever does accept pedophilia as normal, the age of consent laws will quickly fall. And it will only be a matter of time until our nation will follow suit.
Kelly Boggs is a weekly columnist for Baptist Press and editor of the Baptist Message (www.baptistmessage.com), newsjournal of the Louisiana Baptist Convention.
Donald Trump speaks at the 2014 Conservative Political Action Conference on March 6, 2014, in National Harbor, Maryland. (Photo: Gage Skidmore)
Donald Trump and his team have proposed a budget that will not only gut the kind of programs Republicans always take aim at — focused on arts and culture, civil rights, and science — but also those dedicated to law enforcement and victim's safety. The slash-and-burn budgetary approach is based largely on recommendations from the Heritage Foundation, a hard-right think tank that receives partial funding from several Koch brothers-backed entities. First reported on by The Hill, the proposal is aimed at reducing spending by $10.5 trillion over the coming decade. The cuts seem likely to come with incalculable human, cultural, and societal costs.
On the chopping block are a number of institutions that are invaluable to the arts. Trump's team is proposing privatization for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, and has plans to scrap the National Endowment for the Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities altogether. These programs make up just .02 percent of federal spending, as noted by the Washington Post. “Put another way, if you make $50,000 a year, spending the equivalent of what the government spends on these three programs would be like spending less than $10.”
According to Fortune, there were an estimated 4.7 million people working within the arts and culture sector in 2013. Despite frequently touting himself as a defender of jobs, Trump's budget will have consequences for those who rely on the cultural economy. Those jobs and workers are of little consequence to the right wing, as evidenced by this quote from former Heritage Foundation staffer Brian Darling, who considers the arts agencies fully dispensable.
“The Trump Administration needs to reform and cut spending dramatically, and targeting waste like the National Endowment for the Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities would be a good first step in showing that the Trump Administration is serious about radically reforming the federal budget,” Darling told the Hill.
Trump's budget also pitches funding cuts for the departments of Commerce and Energy, hobbling or wholesale eliminating areas dedicated to nuclear physics, reducing carbon dioxide emissions, among others. Cuts to the State Department would toss out funds needed for “the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the Paris Climate Change Agreement and the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.”
There are also deep and likely disastrous funding reductions proposed for the Department of Justice — with the Civil Rights and Environment and Natural Resources divisions in the crosshairs. According to the Marshall Project, the Heritage Foundation budget from which much of the Trump proposal s derived “accused the [Civil Rights] division of filing ‘abusive lawsuits intended to enforce progressive social ideology,' a view held by many conservatives.”
That the department's Civil Rights Division would face cuts is hardly a shock. Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., Trump's nominee to head Justice, has expressed skepticism or outright hostility towards two of the division's signature tasks: policing the police and prosecuting hate crimes. But some of the other cuts are surprising. Victims' rights groups thought they had identified a champion in Sessions, and yet the Violence Against Women grants slated for elimination go largely to support victims of domestic violence. Both Sessions and Trump have been outspoken defenders of the nation's police, yet the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services, or COPS, is a primary source of funding for officers' salaries and equipment in departments nationwide.
“Significant cuts to the Civil Rights Division would confirm the hostility of the Trump administration to minorities, women and people with disabilities,” William Yeomans, former DOJ attorney told the Marshall Project.
The “skinny budget,” as the Trump team has nicknamed it, is currently only being distributed to lawmakers in an effort to get them on board. The Hill notes that “Trump's Cabinet picks have yet to be apprised of the reforms, which would reduce resources within their agencies.”
The report is expected to be made public with 45 days of Trump's inauguration.
Truthout won't back down from taking Trump and his cronies to task. Click here to support journalism that holds those in power accountable!
The Milwaukee Bucks have assigned forward D.J. Wilson to the Wisconsin Herd of the NBA G League. This is Wilson's second G League assignment, having scored a team-high 24 points on 9-of-15 shooting with four rebounds, four assists and three steals in the Herd's 116-109 win over the Iowa Wolves on Dec. 1. Wilson will be in uniform tonight as the Herd take on the Grand Rapids Drive at 7:00 p.m. at Menominee Nation Arena in Oshkosh, Wis.
Wilson has appeared in 11 games for the Bucks this season, averaging 0.7 points in 3.6 minutes per contest.
The Herd enters tonight's contest tied for first place in the Central Division with an 11-6 record. Tickets are available at www.wisconsinherd.com. Fans not attending the game can watch the game on MYNEW32, stream the action via Facebook Live or listen to the game on The Score (99.1 FM in Oshkosh and 95.3 FM in the Fox Valley).
The Vancouver Canucks shutting down Manny Malhotra is a more notable move than a lot of people made it out to be. Malhotra became a whole new kind of defensive centre than the NHL had previously seen, a centreman that took a lot of face-offs in the defensive zone, and nearly exclusively in the defensive zone.
Malhotra wasn't like the “checking lines” of the past, who would match up against dedicated opponents and prevent a singular line from scoring. What the Canucks started to do in 2011 after signing Manny Malhotra was pretty radical. I mention this on the Leafs Nation blog not because I suggest the Leafs should get involved with the strategy, but because they already are, and they're probably doing it wrong.
The Maple Leafs have five National Hockey Leagues centremen on their roster: Tyler Bozak, Mikhail Grabovski, Nazem Kadri, Jay McClement and David Steckel. With just three centremen and effective zone matching, a team like the 2011 Vancouver Canucks could become the best team in hockey. By starting Malhotra exclusively in the defensive zone and having him take face-offs and worry about the defensive end of the ice, this opened up space for the Canucks to send out Henrik and Daniel Sedin for offensive zone draws.
(Should note the statistics that follow come from BehindTheNet.ca, an excellent resource for this kind of stuff)
Rob Pettapiece and myself did some research last year showing that even between players that equal in scoring in neutral zone start situations, the players that get a disproportionately high number of offensive opportunities get, surprise surprise, more goals.
Hockey is an evolving game, and this season, more teams, notably the New York Rangers, Tampa Bay Lightning, Pittsburgh Penguins, and the Toronto Maple Leafs, are beginning to match lines up by face-off zones and not by opposing personnel. Last year, beyond the Canucks, only a half-dozen or so other teams had notable differences in zone starts between their top offensive forward and top defensive forward. Those teams included the ones that were coached by Scott Arniel and Claude Noel, coaches who spent time with the Manitoba Moose when they were the Canuck affiliates.
I met up with Alain Vigneault at the NHL draft in June to disuss the phenomena:
CC: When you get a guy into your line up like Manny Malhotra, do you know from the pro scouting staff that he's a guy that can start, say, 90% of his shifts in the defensive zone? AV: Well, the guys that are pro obviously I know a little bit more and I feel certain guys are better suited for different situations. I like my offensive players to, if I can, start them in the offensive zone and my more defence-oriented guys I'd start in the defensive zone. I just feel it gives us a better chance in such a competitive league. CC: Is that your own individual belief? Because in the organization, it seemed that Scott Arniel and Claude Noel were doing the same things when they got their NHL jobs. AV: I think each guy has his own mindset and really, what his team can do the best. And then you just got to put the players in situations where they can succeed if that's the case guys have confidence and they go out and they do their jobs.
I don't take Vigneault at face-value when he said that this was his idea. Mike Gillis is a Moneyball disciple, and one of the things I found interesting in that book was general manager Billy Beane's effort to subvert manager Art Howe. Beane was so determined to get the under-valued players he signed in the summer in the lineup that he even traded one of the players Howe was starting ahead of them in the lineup. When Howe negotiated a contract extension after taking an un-talented team to the playoffs in 2002, Beane released him. I think Gillis works in that mindset.
Randy Carlyle though, is a bit different. He's had a bit of a tendency to zone-match in his past, dabbling in it although not to the extent he is this season. He was the man who wanted to re-vamp the dressing room, and was a driving force in the Leafs signing Jay McClement in the summer.
The problem that Carlyle has run into is that there are so many centremen on the team, even after cutting Tim Connolly and trading Matthew Lombardi, that Steckel, who saw a lot of first line minutes last season, became a healthy scratch most nights. That's interesting since last season, Steckel was the player who took the most face-offs in the defensive zone relative to the offensive zone: he took 342 defensive zone face-offs to 210 in the offensive end, a sizeable difference.
Tyler Bozak, meanwhile, got 331 offensive zone starts and Mikhail Grabovski got 279. Those offensive opportunities helped those two centre the top two offensive lines, although the Leafs play so much in their defensive end that as a team, they generated a lot more defensive zone starts. Nonetheless, Bozak and Grabovski were each able to start 30 more times in the offensive zone than the defensive, thanks to the work done by Steckel, and to a lesser degree Tim Connolly, proud owner of 274 defensive zone face-offs.
This chart shows my way of calculating “zone matching”. It's the difference in offensive and defensive zone starts by the top defensive centre subtracted by the difference in offensive and defensive zone starts by the top offensive centreman on each team. I've compared the Leafs each year to the Canucks since 2010, to show the Canucks' meteoric rise in ‘zone matching' and to show that the Leafs are catching up to the Canucks in strategy:
The 2013 numbers are based on an 82-game schedule since the starts are considered cumulative.
In 2011 and 2012 for the Canucks, the top defensive centreman was Malhotra and offensively, it was Sedin. The Leafs have been all over the map this way.
If the season were to go 82 games at the rate each Leafs centreman is starting in the offensive and defensive zone, this is what it would look like:
Offensive Defensive Difference Nazem Kadri 353 299 54 Tyler Bozak 369 402 -33 Jay McClement 297 467 -170 Mikhail Grabovski 254 549 -295
Something's not right here.
How come Mikhail Grabovski, who has led Leafs centremen in even-strength scoring for the last two seasons the primary defensive option?
I've talked about the defensive unit of Grabovski with Nik Kulemin and Jay McClement on his wings soaking up tough competition. Obviously, it has restricted the offensive output of that line, Grabovski's current hot-streak aside. Bozak plays 20:43 a night and has a 56.4% face-off rate. Grabovski plays 16:51 a night and has a 51.0% face-off rate.
Would it not make more sense to simply flip the roles of those players, play Bozak on the line with McClement and Kulemin as a tight checking line that plays lighter shifts? I think Grabovski, who is a better shooter, skater and passer than Bozak, would be much better off playing alongside Phil Kessel and James van Riemsdyk, or you could move Nazem Kadri up to the that line and give Grabovski second-line minutes with Clarke MacArthur.
It's lineup optimization, and while there's a tendency to ignore the Leafs' struggles because they're 12-8 this season, that's mostly because of their goaltending. The team is third worst in the NHL in overall puck possession as measured by Fenwick Tied, a statistic that is better at predicting final standings than record is after 20 games.
There are improved components of the Leafs forward lines, and even with the fourth line that sees five minutes a night and only rare, rare shifts in the third periods, there are three good forward lines. Carlyle is using a better offensive player in Grabovski to shelter a worse offensive player in Tyler Bozak, despite Bozak's face-off abilities, arguably his strongest asset, mirroring those of Manny Malhotra who was so instrumental in helping the Sedins producing into their 30s.
Bozak has impressed me with his defensive ability this season, but Grabovski is the better offensive player and ought to be playing as such. The words “lineup optimization” are more often thrown around by the marketing guru that runs our sister site Canucks Army, but they're easily-transferable concepts that could be applied to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Let Grabovski play offense, let Bozak play defence, and the Leafs will improve as an overall unit.
Why do we get dressed?
Perhaps we want to try long-sleeved innerwear today because it's a bit cold out. We might be meeting someone new today and have decided to put on a low-key jacket. Or, we simply want to be a little creative and choose clothing that helps us relax.
Our prevailing moods and the environment subtly shape our clothing choices. We may wish to look stylish, feel happy, seem reassured, be upbeat or relax. At UNIQLO, we believe the possibilities are almost infinite.
We create clothes that anyone can wear at any time, just to be themselves. We create clothes people always wear to stay comfortable. And we continue to innovate with contemporary styling that complements individual lifestyles.
UNIQLO has designed its LifeWear to reflect the lifestyles and innermost feelings of wearers so they can enjoy better lives.
The UNIQLO LifeWear Day Spring/Summer 2017 collection.
Immerse yourself in LifeWear's commitment to quality and comfort for everyone, everywhere.
Toontown Rewritten: Alpha Day 1 Photos
Spoiler for Toontown Rewritten: Alpha Day 1: Make a toon. My feet feel funny...
Loading screen. I think the TTR logo's missing?
First instance into Toontown Central. This place looks familiar.
Familiar lookin' toons! (Widescreen glory)
The Trolley! I missed riding this thing.
Maze Game testing. How will I do?
Perfect score!
Decided to teleport to the quiet district - Colorful Canvas.
Yup. Nobody here but little ol' me.
Hmmm. I wonder if I can sneak into the streets.
Nope. Loopy Lane closed.
Punchline Place closed.
Silly Street closed.
Goofy Speedway closed.
Gag Shop closed.
Finally! I'm no longer an anonymous duck!
Quick name approval!
aw yiss!
If you look closely you can find Maps!
Also, sweet Sora costume.
Also, sweet Sora costume.
Quote: King Monty Rocken Blabber Originally Posted by Really cool stuff! Thanks for a inside look at alpha. Great name for a duck too. Just wondering, do you know what is up with the nametags? And I like how they implemented the old toontown beta population and number of people in the districts The release notes mention that it's a work in progress.
__________________ Last edited by Ducky Wucky; 10-30-2013 at 03:13 AM ..
Performance
Heat, Noise, Power
Current
(ampere) Power
(watt) Temperature
(farenheit) Noise
(decibel) Elite
250GB
Elite 250GB Elite 250GB Elite 250GB
Plugged in / power off 0.06 0.03 2.7 0.5 Room temperature Reference Idling at Dashboard 1.34 0.9 93 73 113 108 +5.5 +1 Playing Bayonetta (DVD) 1.75 1.15 135 94 116 140 +18.5 +10 Installing Bayonetta 1.4 1 111 82 114 126 +15.5 +9 Playing Bayonetta (HDD) 1.54 1.1 121 88 116 140 +14.5 +2.5 Watching a DVD movie 1.09 0.77 88 62 112 119 +7.5 +2
Migration
Wrap-up
The console itself may be an attractive package, but Microsoft really skimped on the extras this time round. While we didn't expect the new wireless controller to add anything more than a coat of gloss black (sorry, fighting fans, it's the same ol' D-pad), we're surprised you don't get HD playback out of the box. Where the Xbox 360 Elite came with not only a switchable component / composite HD A/V cable but an HDMI cord to boot, the new Xbox 360 has only a set of composite wires that don't support even 480p resolution.If you expected the new Xbox 360 to be any faster, you're mostly out of luck -- the silicon's clocked at the same speed, for starts, and the 250GB hard drive was neck and neck with the Elite's 120GB during a battery of tests, like this 4.6GB Street Fighter IV installation. The new Xbox 360 sadly doesn't have gigabit ethernet to speed networking up, but we did get favorable results out of the 802.11n WiFi card. Compared to a 100 megabit wired connection on a neighboring Elite, the wireless posted slightly more erratic transfer rates and was occasionally susceptible to lag, but still averaged 1.7MB / sec downloads (compared to 1.9MB / sec) on a fast AT&T U-Verse connection -- we'd certainly be happy with most games (save fighters) over wireless. The one place the new Xbox 360 did show considerable improvement was the optical disc drive -- the Stealthbox consistently loaded DVDs and game levels two seconds faster -- but we'd hesitate to recommend the system on that basis alone, as historically Microsoft has shipped consoles with a variety of different drives.We'd already heard the new Valhalla was pretty dang power-friendly , but that didn't keep us from performing a few tests of our own -- and sure enough, it's the most energy efficient unit we've seen. While it still draws a tad more current than a PS3 Slim , playing games and DVDs require fewer watts, and as you can plainly see in the chart above, it wipes the floor with our Elite. The Stealthbox is just as "whisper quiet" as Microsoft promised, too -- though it's definitely audible when playing games from DVD , the system's blissfully silent as long as you first install them to the hard drive. The only thing amiss was the electromagnetic signature we detected when firing our infrared temperature gun -- you'd think that using less energy, the console would generate less heat, but our unit was often burning hot to the touch. Given Microsoft's storied history of hardware failure, we'd never think of leaving an Xbox in a cabinet or stacked with other A/V components and that hasn't changed one bit with this model.If you're buying an Xbox for the very first time, data migration won't concern you in the least, but on the off-chance you're thinking of springing for a new system you should know that, and we thought we'd include this brief guide. There are now three ways to move your data over, assuming you don't want to download it all again: USB, the transfer cable, or by simply sticking in your old hard drive.USB is the cheapest way to move content by far -- just insert an USB thumbdrive or external HDD, and the Xbox can partition up to 16GB worth of storage. Thing is, you can't move savegames and DLC a la carte, as your profile always has to come along for the ride. If you've only got a small USB key, it could take ages to ferry everything over.The Xbox 360 Hard Drive Data Migration Transfer Kit (yes, that's seriously the full name) makes things easier, as you can move an entire drive's worth of content in one fell swoop, but it costs $20 at retail. Thankfully, Microsoft made these practically disposable a few years back in what used to be single-use transfer kits , and you can find the now-bidrectional cables for pennies on eBay.Last but not least, as we just discovered, you can simply rip open your old Xbox 360 hard drive and slot it into the case, at which point it will be immediately recognized. Needless to say, we don't recommend this route for a variety of reasons... we hear Microsoft's warranty support service doesn't take kindly to freely bouncing hard drives.The new Xbox 360 is a sleek, stylish contraption, shiny black from head to cords, but it doesn't offer quite enough to make it an obvious upgrade for those who've bought one before. If the screeching cries of your existing unit are driving you up the wall, or if you need a more energy efficient system with integrated wireless, sure, but if you've already invested in the Xbox ecosystem, purchased add-on hard drives and more, you'll find little to justify the $300 price -- until your existing console throws the dreaded RRoD, or perhaps an E74 . That said, this is the best Xbox 360 ever made, bar none, and if you've yet to join the Xbox party -- and don't mind springing for an HDMI cable -- this is definitely the one.While our Xbox 360 Elite came with HDMI and component A/V cables we've been informed that Microsoft has since stopped shipping HD-capable cables with new Elite models. We have updated the comparison chart to reflect that.
Wasn't this supposed to be the party conference in which the Tories reminded everyone of the virtues of market capitalism? “Tories need to start explaining the unassailable truth that markets don't just make us richer, they make us happier too,” urged the former chair of Northern Rock, Matt Ridley, in the Times. “Time for a full-throated Tory defence of enterprise and capitalism,” insisted Simon Heffer in the Telegraph. With Comrade Corbyn riding high, it has been quite some time since economic liberals have so felt threatened to their ideological core. Next month it will be a hundred years since the Bolsheviks took power in Russia. Ever since the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, the right have assumed that the argument against communism had been won, and won decisively. But the young are picking up their Karl Marx once again. And just at the point when the right seem to have forgotten their lines.
Viscount Ridley argues that capitalism makes us better people as well as richer. It is a morality driven by enlightened selfishness in which my own interests are only advanced if I look after yours as well. This is supposed to be the moral case for market capitalism: I only get to be extremely rich if you get to be a little bit richer too. This is the economy of the “invisible hand”, powered by greed, where my own desire for ever greater wealth drives ingenious new opportunities for this magical thing called growth, which in turn creates greater wealth for everyone else. Yes, capitalism is basically a superstition, a belief in the power of magic. I'm with David Attenborough: “We have a finite environment – the planet. Anyone who thinks that you can have infinite growth in a finite environment is either a madman or an economist.”
Of course, I am not the first person to argue that capitalism is based on a superstitious belief in the efficacy of magic. Marx's Kapital, one of the great works of 19th-century atheism, is a genius attempt to disabuse us of this dangerous mystification. Of course, the god in Marx's sights is not the one of the Bible but one celebrated by the philosophers of Enlightenment rationalism: the god of capital.
In the first chapters of Das Kapital, Marx explains how money makes money – or how, in the words of Matthew's Gospel, “to everyone who has, more shall be given … but from the one who does not have, even what he does have shall be taken away”. Those with money are able to own the means of production and the labour needed to operate it. Throughout the whole cycle of making things and selling them on, the capitalist creates more money for themselves by getting employees to work longer and longer hours. This extra labour creates surplus value that results in profits for the capitalist.
Profit here is intrinsically exploitative – it does not exist without the extra hours worked by the capitalist's employees. This is the source of the capitalist's wealth, and when it is reinvested to capture an even greater share of the means of production and employ more workers, it grows off itself. Thus more and more is owned by fewer and fewer people. And money makes money, as if by magic.
But when, with Marx, we begin to understand that money is a way of capturing a social relationship between those who own the means of production – whether factories or apps – and those who work in them or for them, we begin to recognise that capitalism is not magic but exploitative to its core. The magical quality of our faith in money and in economic growth is a deliberate mystification of the social exploitation that the capitalist – understandably – wants to cover up. And “we draw the magic cap down over eyes and ears as a make-believe that there are no monsters,” as Marx put it in the preface to Das Kapital.
All of this becomes more and more obvious as global capital seeks new and ever more ingenious forms of concentration. The generation who learned their politics through the Occupy movement have had the scales fall from their eyes. Since then the 1% has become the 0.1%. And the magic cap is beginning to slip.
Perfect Caramelized Onions in 10 minutes flat.
Are you ready to have another standard culinary technique shattered? How about when it results in the best caramelized onions you have ever eaten?
I wish I had a dollar for every minute I have spent in my life caramelizing onions. Most recipes call for low heat and anywhere from 40 to 90 minutes to caramelize onions to a deep brown. This technique is an answer to all those lonely minutes stirring, stirring, stirring onions: Quick Caramelized Onions. Just add a pinch of baking soda to the oil and onions in the pan and they will caramelize perfectly and quickly. I was skeptical, but I gotta tell you, this really works. These are not only deep and rich in flavor, but they also do not turn to mush, which happens too often when I try caramelizing onions. These are delicious, and are soft but have just enough body to them.
Another trick I learned recently – do NOT add salt until the very end. The onion slices need their moisture, and caramelize better without drawing out the water while they are cooking.
I love Vidalia onions for this recipe – so sweet – but you can use any type in a pinch.
This trick works like a dream – your onions will turn dark and rich and flavorful, but still have some body to them. I'm not saying I ate the whole batch, but hey. In my defense – these are truly addicting.
New Resolution: Caramelized Onions on Everything!
10 MINUTE CARAMELIZED ONIONS
2 cups slices of Vidalia onions, 1/4 inch thick
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
Pinch of baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
Heat a large skillet to medium heat. Add oil and then onions. Sprinkle with a pinch of baking soda (no more than 1/8 teaspoon).
Cook for about 10 minutes, until deep golden brown, stirring constantly. Stir in salt just before removing from pan.
Other bloggers How-to's on caramelized onions:
Chef Marc at No Recipes Caramelizes his onions into a puree for adding flavor to sauces.
Lydia at Perfect Pantry makes hers in a slow cooker. Brilliant!
Elise at Simply Recipes caramelizes onions and fennel together. Must try.
Dara at Cookin Canuck has onions with a splash of Balsamic.
Another quick version is found at The Kitchn.
The Baltimore Ravens have kept in touch with free agent Bryant McKinnie, but they still have a gaping hole at their left tackle spot. General manager Ozzie Newsome reportedly is considering making a big splash to replace McKinnie.
Predict the Pick:
Create your own mock draft and you could win a trip to Kickoff 2013. Create your own mock draft and you could win a trip to Kickoff 2013.
Mike Preston of The Baltimore Sun reported Wednesday that the Ravens are "keeping an eye" on Oklahoma offensive tackle Lane Johnson with the hope of trying to trade up for him. Preston mentions the Ravens have 12 draft picks to use as ammunition, but they don't have any extra picks in the first three rounds. The Ravens surely would have to mortgage some picks to move up high enough to grab Johnson.
As we've explained in the last few days, we'd be mildly surprised if Johnson even made it to the Arizona Cardinals at No. 7. He almost surely won't get past the top 10.
It's hard to imagine the Ravens going high enough to grab Johnson, but perhaps this indicates the Ravens are willing to move to fill their left tackle spot. Someone like Florida State's Menelik Watson also might be an option.
UPDATE: Johnson told NFL.com senior editor Justin Hathaway on Wednesday that he hasn't spoken with the Ravens recently, but Johnson said past interactions went well.
"I talked to them there at the Senior Bowl, and I talked to them at the combine. It went great," Johnson said.
Follow Gregg Rosenthal on Twitter @greggrosenthal.
In June 2015, Marvel Comics and veteran writer/artist Jim Starlin will pit the Mad Titan Thanos against Annihilus in their just-announced Thanos: The Infinity Relativity.
Also caught up in the battle will be Adam Warlock and the Guardians of the Galaxy, making for a universe-spanning and potentially very expansive, explosive battle. All the while, it's building to a third act in Starlin's new Thanos trilogy (following this year's Thanos: The Infinity Revelation) that he says might be his last outing with the character.
Starlin joined ComicBook.com to discuss the series. Obviously you've had some experience making Thanos more sympathetic/heroic in the Infinity Saga before. How will you play with that idea differently this time around?
Sympathetic but I don't think heroic, except for that short-lived Thanos series. But even then, he was intending to be heroic but not quite pulling it off. This go-around our self-serving Mad Titan goes up against Annihilus, not for any altruistic reasons, but because Annihilus tends to make a mess of any place he invades and Thanos hates having his backyard filled with trash.
The success of Guardians of the Galaxy has put a real focus on Marvel's cosmic line at the same time they've brought you back. With your history as arguably the most successful "cosmic" writer in Marvel's history, is there some performance anxiety attached to that? To be honest, there probably was a touch of performance anxiety with The Infinity Revelation. Didn't want to produce a limp story. But with Relativity from the start I was thoroughly back into the Thanos groove, like hanging with an old friend. There's nothing like exorcising your own demons, via a fictional character. When you write the Infinity Watch crew here, is there somebody from your Stormwatch run you'd import if you had the chance?
An odd question but one I'd have to say, "No" to. Different company, different universe, different head. But if I brought anyone over, it'd be The Weird. He's my DC baby. As with Thanos at Marvel, it seems I always try to work him into any tale I tell over at DC. Obviously Thanos and Annihilus have worked together in the past; what makes the Infinity Watch believe they can trust him? Trust Annihilus? Who'd be crazy enough to do that? Other than Gladiator?
Max Schrems, left, and his lawyer Herwig Hofmann, right, at the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg on Oct. 6, 2015. (Geert Vanden Wijngaert)
U.S. and European regulators have agreed to a tentative deal, officials say, that would allow thousands of U.S. companies to continue moving the personal information of ordinary Europeans across the Atlantic. The new "E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield" deal will replace the original "Safe Harbor" pact — an agreement was struck down by Europe's top court about three months ago, sending regulators on both sides scrambling to fashion a new arrangement that could withstand a legal challenge.
A deal is crucial to companies such as Facebook and Google, which rely on collecting personal data seamlessly across the world to sell targeted advertising to users. But Safe Harbor is also crucial to thousands of other companies, from start-ups to big multinationals such Coca-Cola and General Electric, which keep track of how customers are using their products.
Here's what you need to know about this critical privacy agreement between the two regions.
What is Safe Harbor?
Back in 2000, the United States and the European Union hammered out a deal that attempted to reconcile a big difference between European and U.S. laws when it comes to privacy: Europe believes privacy is a fundamental right, and has data protection promises built into its charter. In the United States, there are some federal protections for things like credit and health care information, but there's no single national law that lays out privacy rights.
Safe Harbor basically gave companies the okay to move Europeans' data to the United States if they committed to a set of general principles loosely based on European privacy law. And that agreement became even more important to tech companies in recent years because they routinely bounce information around data centers around the world.
What happened to it?
Basically, Max Schrems. He's an Austrian student whose activism brought the deal down. Schrems has been advocating for European digital privacy rights for years, focusing his efforts primarily on how Facebook handles Europeans' data. He complained to privacy regulators in Ireland, where Facebook's international operations are based. And when the regulators decided not to investigate, citing that the company was covered by the Safe Harbor agreement, he took them to court.
That case was eventually routed to the European Court of Justice, which struck down the agreement last October based on arguments that the agreement failed to protect Europeans from U.S. government surveillance.
"This decision is a major blow for U.S. global surveillance that heavily relies on private partners," Schrems said in a statement after the decision came down. "The judgement makes it clear that U.S. businesses cannot simply aid U.S. espionage efforts in violation of European fundamental rights."
How did everyone else react?
Tech companies and the U.S. government sort of panicked. "We are deeply disappointed in today's decision from the European Court of Justice, which creates significant uncertainty for both U.S. and E.U. companies and consumers, and puts at risk the thriving transatlantic digital economy," U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker said in a statement at the time. "The court's decision necessitates release of the updated Safe Harbor Framework as soon as possible."
The E.U. and U.S. were already trying to negotiate a new version of the agreement when the court ruling came down, but it had a new sense of urgency afterwards. Companies such as Microsoft publicly weighed in on their ideas for a fix — and warned of "a return to the digital dark ages" where data is segregated by nation if something couldn't be worked out.
It's possible that without a deal, U.S. companies would have been forced to rework how they handle Europeans' data — keeping it in local data centers and complicating their digital infrastructure — or rely on complicated contract clauses to govern how they use the data.
What's in the new deal?
The details are still emerging, but officials say the pact will include several assurances from the U.S. side:
Access to Europeans' data by law enforcement and national security agencies would be subject to "clear limitations, safeguards and oversight mechanisms."
U.S. companies would have to agree to a set of standards on how personal data is processed, while guaranteeing individual rights. The Department of Commerce will ensure the companies post those promises publicly, which makes them enforceable under U.S. law by the Federal Trade Commission.
Europeans will have new ways to address about how their data has been handled by companies. If they lodge a complaint, the companies will have a deadline to respond. E.U. citizens can go through their local data protection authorities to complain to the FTC. The pact also sets up a no-cost "Alternative Dispute resolution" process for consumers.
The U.S. will also set up a new ombudsperson at the State Department to respond to complaints about potential access to data by the national intelligence community.
Is this a good thing?
That depends on who you ask. Industry, at least seems to be happy. “The agreement reached between the E.U. and U.S. sets an essential legal and political foundation for the free flow of data across international borders," Mark MacCarthy, senior vice president of public policy at the Software & Information Industry Association, said in a statement.
Peter Swire, a Georgia Institute of Technology law professor who helped negotiate the original Safe Harbor agreement, said its good for users too. European users, he said, will have more ways to get redress than under the old agreement. And U.S. consumers "benefit if the Internet continues to function effectively on both side of the Atlantic," he added.
But many privacy advocates are not happy with the new deal. They had hailed the court decision in October as a victory for European consumers who wanted to challenge how U.S. companies were collecting and using their data. In Europe, individuals can more easily request details of the personal data companies have collected — and they even have the so-called "right to be forgotten," which gives them the ability to ask Microsoft or Google to hide negative information about themselves from search results.
Some privacy advocates hoped that the end of Safe Harbor would force tech companies to make further privacy and transparency changes in Europe — and potentially even expand them to consumers in the U.S. and elsewhere, because it would be difficult to run what would essentially be separate services for different parts of the world. The advocates also hoped the October court decision would put pressure on Congress to craft federal privacy protections, because the issue had become a trade barrier.
"The only hope that Americans had for privacy was for Europe to continue to insist that that U.S. companies improve their practices," said Jeff Chester, the executive director of the Center on Digital Democracy. "Now, the Commerce Department has created a new shield against privacy and consumer protection."
What happens next?
The new deal still needs to be finalized and approved by the European Union's 28 member states — and on Wednesday, a group of European data commissioners is set to weigh in on how they think E.U. citizens' data should be protected when sent overseas.
What's more, a new deal may face the same sort of judicial scrutiny that took down the original Safe Harbor agreement. While negotiators say they believe they've hammered out a deal that will stand up to that pressure, privacy advocates are already talking about returning to the courtroom.
"There will be clearly people that will challenge this – depending on the final text I may well be one of them," Schrems said in a statement.
Swire, too, expects there will be legal challenges. "I expect the complaints to make it back to the European Court of Justice," he said.
So while thousands of companies that relied on Safe Harbor may be sighing in relief now, it's not clear the new agreement will stand the test of time.
If you preferred not to know what's in your ham, bacon and Spam before, you're really not going to want to know now.
The USDA is piloting a new pork inspection program that features sped-up lines and a reduction in government inspectors -- and its own inspectors are now speaking out publicly in condemnation of it.
Advertisement:
The Government Accountability Project released affidavits Friday from three USDA inspectors working in plants running the pilot program, known as HIMP, as well as from a fourth, Joe Ferguson, who retired last year after 23 years with the agency. All voice concerns about the public health implications of increasing line speeds, which adhere closely to the criticisms from outside parties. The gist, in the words of one anonymous inspector: "There aren't enough eyes on the line to monitor carcasses coming by at such high speed."
The whistleblowers allege, moreover, that the pilot program gives too much regulatory control to the industry. The new model replaces USDA line inspectors with plant employees, who, they say, lack both the adequate training to spot defects and signs of contamination and the legal safeguards that would allow them to freely speak out about food safety problems. "I have witnessed company employees personally condemn the plant's products and then attempt to sneak the condemned carcasses past me when I turned away," wrote one anonymous inspector. "The company threatens plant employees with terminations if they see them condemning too many carcasses or carcass parts."
"It seems like the USDA is doing all it can to make sure the HIMP program succeeds in this plant," the same inspector continued, "even if it means betraying consumers by hiding the truth about their food."
But amidst reports of missed abscesses, lesions, hairs and toenails, it's one moment in the affidavit from "USDA Hog Inspector #2" that stands out. Describing their first days working for the USDA's Food Safety Inspection Service, the inspector recalls being told by an older colleague: “It's not whether or not people are going to eat shit -- they are. It's just how much.”
"I really think that is the story right there," Ted Genoways, who spent four years investigating pork producer Hormel Foods for his book "The Chain," told Salon. "The USDA has taken the position that people don't care if there's shit in their food. And I think that people do care. I think they care about that kind of contamination, and about the potential health consequences. And I think that hearing from the inspectors themselves -- that that is the attitude, that's what they're being told as they're being trained -- hopefully, that more powerfully conveys the message to consumers that their interests are not being protected."
The controversy surrounding the new pork inspection program is a redux of the criticism that plagued the USDA's revamped rules for poultry, which the agency finalized in August. While they did not ultimately end up increasing line speeds, the agency went forward with the plan to replace USDA inspectors with plant employees despite concerns raised by GAP, the Government Accountability Office, and others.
Advertisement:
"We had multiple poultry whistleblowers speaking out against this, and the USDA still didn't heed its own employees," Amanda Hitt, the director of GAP's Food Integrity Campaign, told Salon. So this time, GAP is targeting the industry instead: they launched a Change.org petition asking Hormel Foods, which owns three out of the five plants currently using the pilot program, to reject the high-speed inspection model.
"It seems more and more from what we hear from inspectors that the fox is guarding the henhouse, in that the USDA is in fact working for the plants themselves," Hitt said -- the bet is that consumer pressure on the industry might be more a more effective way of bringing about change.
In response to the campaign, Hormel told Reuters that it found the pilot program "allows for more efficient and effective oversight." The USDA concurred, adding that they have not yet decided whether or not they'll expand the program.
But seeing as only about 20 USDA inspectors are currently working with the pork pilot program, Hitt and Genoways both pointed out that it's hard to ignore the significance of four taking the risk of coming forward. And in a yet-to-be-released GAP survey, Hitt told Salon, other inspectors expressed concerns about the program as well. "Nobody thinks it's okay," she said. "And everybody thinks there's a public health threat looming with the use of this model."
Last year I already reported on the upcoming Yongnuo YN 100mm f/2 full frame DSLR lens for Nikon F-mount (above right). Yongnuo also has a new pancake 40mm f/2.8 lens coming soon (above left). Here are the details on both new lenses - for pricing check B&H and Amazon (not available at the time of this post):
Update: the lens is now in stock for $87.98 at Amazon and B&H.
Yongnuo YN 40mm f/2.8N lens
Specifications:
Focal Length 40mm Structure 4 groups 6pcs Aperture Blades 6pcs Minimum Aperture F/22 Minimum Focal Distance About 0.3m Maximum Amplification Factor About 0.18x Driving System DC Motor Filter Diameter 58mm Maximum Diameter and Length Aboutφ74×45mm Weight About 130g
Features:
Finishing Aspheric Lens: YN40mm F2.8N carries finishing aspheric lens, which effectively compensate various aberration.
YN40mm F2.8N carries finishing aspheric lens, which effectively compensate various aberration. Firmware Upgrade: YN40mm F2.8N has USB port.To maintain maximum compatibility and performance, the firmware of the lens can be updated. Please download the latest firmware from the offical YONGNUO website.
YN40mm F2.8N has USB port.To maintain maximum compatibility and performance, the firmware of the lens can be updated. Please download the latest firmware from the offical YONGNUO website. F2.8 Large Aperture: F2.8 bright and large aperture helps to blur out the background and highlight the subject.
F2.8 bright and large aperture helps to blur out the background and highlight the subject. Two Focus Modes Supported: Auto Focus (AF) and Manual Focus (MF): YN40mm F2.8N supports auto focus and manual focus. You can choose focus mode according to the practical shooting needs.
YN40mm F2.8N supports auto focus and manual focus. You can choose focus mode according to the practical shooting needs. 6pcs of Aperture Blades: With 6pcs of Aperture blades, YN40mm F2.8N helps to make rounded defocused spots, or stops down to make effect of 12 stars.
With 6pcs of Aperture blades, YN40mm F2.8N helps to make rounded defocused spots, or stops down to make effect of 12 stars. Durable Metal Mount: YN40mm F2.8N adopts chrome plated and high-precision metal mount, which is consistent with the camera. The mount is wearable, corrosion-resistantand durable.
YN40mm F2.8N adopts chrome plated and high-precision metal mount, which is consistent with the camera. The mount is wearable, corrosion-resistantand durable. Equipped with Focus Distance Indicator: YN40mm F2.8N is equipped with focus distance indicator. It's convenient for you to judge distances and the depth of field.
YN40mm F2.8N is equipped with focus distance indicator. It's convenient for you to judge distances and the depth of field. Various Shooting Modes Supported: YN40mm F2.8N supports various shooting modes. The aperture and other information can be found from EXIF.
YN40mm F2.8N supports various shooting modes. The aperture and other information can be found from EXIF. Glass Optical Lens, Multilayer Coating: All series of products adopt glass optical lens and multilayer coating, which effectively helps to increase the light transmittance and inhibit backlight and glare.
All series of products adopt glass optical lens and multilayer coating, which effectively helps to increase the light transmittance and inhibit backlight and glare. Gold-plating Technology: YN40mm F2.8N adopts gold-plating metal contacts to effectively increase signal conductivity and corrosion resistance.
MTF chart:
Lens design:
Yongnuo YN 100mm f/2N lens
Specifications:
Focal Length 100mm The equivalent focal length under 35mm APS-C format specifications About 160mm Structure 6 groups 8pcs Aperture Blades 9pcs Minimum Aperture F/19 Minimum Focal Distance About 0.9m Maximum Amplification Factor About 0.14x Driving System DC Motor Filter Diameter 58mm Maximum Diameter and Length Aboutφ76×83mm Weight About 440g
Features:
I have read several times that people feel like they won Reddit gifts with a certain exchange. I don't know if it's ever truly possible to win, but I won a new friend with my Trick-or-Treat+ Santa, and that has shown to be quite a beautiful gift.
There were some bumps in the road with my Santa in regards to my package. The letter that was meant to be enclosed in the box fell out and had to be mailed separate. The letter got to me in record time though; just 4 days I think! I was proud of myself for not opening the letter until the package arrived on Thanksgiving day.
I'm away from my other home, in a different country and away from my family for the holidays. I feel like the universe somehow knew that I would need the package more than ever on Thanksgiving, hence the reason there were problems with it. My Santa and I stayed in touch the whole time which I think made the anticipation of the package that much more special. I had come to feel like I was expecting a surprise from a close, longtime friend.
Now that both pieces of mail had made it to me safely, I wasn't quite sure if I was supposed to open the letter or the package first, so I recruited my boyfriend to peek at the letter and tell me what he thought. He said to open the box first, so I did.
Before I go into detail about the contents, I want to say a little something special. Every time I have signed up for an exchange, I do my very best to put together a package that I hope will make another person smile, but I also send a little piece of my heart off with the gift. After opening my trick-or-treat and reading the letter, this was the first time that I felt like someone sent me a little piece of my heart back.
Everything that was inside of the shipping box, including the Halloween box that encased my other gifts, was absolutely amazing! The son of my SS helped him pick out the pens and pencil, since I mentioned that I loved a pen that writes well. The Halloween box that you see in the picture that is holding my other gifts has a beautiful story behind it. My SS's birthday is on Halloween and his Mom gave him this awesome box as part of his birthday gift. It is also the box that he used to hand out Halloween candy with his family. Every time it is opened, it says one of about six spooky phrases. I love it! I have felt more than honored that he decided to pass on this box from his Mom to me. I promise that I will keep it forever.
Other treats enclosed in my special Halloween box included postcards from a local museum in his hometown, some of my favorite candy I miss from my other home that they don't have openly available here in the Netherlands: Three Muskateers, Reese Cups and Starburst. There was also a Blow Pop sucker and a few pieces of Dubble Bubble chewing gum. My match also enclosed my favorite Toll House chocolate chips and Reese peanut butter chips so that I can make my holiday cookies! And it gets even more amazing! I have wanted and needed some nice baking mats for a really long time! Rolled neatly inside were two Artisan Metal Works Silicone Baking Mats that I can use to bake my cookies and other goodies on!
Last but absolutely not least, he remembered my furry babies. These extra treats for my kitty, Stormy, and my old gal, Izzy, are what brought me to tears. Anytime they are remembered and thought of it means the world to me. I received some toys for Stormy and some dog sushi for Izzy. Stormy loves the jingle balls and Izzy really enjoyed her first piece of the dog sushi!
Oh, and I almost forgot about my little bugs! I received 5 little bugs wrapped in plastic that I initially thought were candy, until I read the letter, hah! They are supposed to grow when you add them to water! I haven't grown one yet, but I will be dropping one in some water tonight! :)
I feel like I could write forever about how much happiness this package brought my way. As I already mentioned, I don't know if anyone can ever really 'win' Reddit gifts in an exchange, but I will say that I believe I received the most beautiful and heartfelt package, as there was more to it than just receiving a box of goodies....I made a friend. Thank you again to my new friend for making this such a special and memorable exchange.
2
MATCH URL: https://static.rappler.com/images/jojo-binay-makati-rally.jpg
THE PATRIARCH. Vice President Jejomar Binay defends his 3 children seeking public office, saying they have done him and Makati proud.
MANILA, Philippines – A senator, a congresswoman, a mayor, and the country's vice president will likely share one last name after the May polls: Binay.
Still, Makati's political family is unapologetic for fielding 3 candidates. The patriarch, Vice President Jejomar Binay, even hailed his children as a source of pride.
Binay led the proclamation rally of his son, re-electionist Makati Mayor Junjun Binay, on Wednesday, April 3. Joining them on the campaign stage were two other Binays running for office: re-electionist Makati 2nd District Rep Mar-Len Abigail Binay-Campos, and senatorial bet Nancy Binay.
In his speech, Binay made a pitch for national and local candidates of the opposition United Nationalist Alliance (UNA) but devoted time to campaign for his children. With Nancy's accidental candidacy, the Binays face criticism of expanding their dynasty from Makati to the national scene.
The Vice President, though, sought to address the charge, first by citing Nancy's popularity.
“Si Nancy na hinahamak-hamak nila, ito ay nung pinaplano-plano, noong gustong patakbuhin, ang unang survey 19%. Tapos ako noong makalaban ko si Mar Roxas, 54% against 2%. Kada survey, pataas nang pataas hanggang sa manalo ako. Biro 'nyo, 54-2, si Nancy 19%,” the Vice President said.
(Nancy, who they have been criticizing, started out in surveys with a score of 19%. When I ran against Mar Roxas in the 2010 vice presidential race, he started 54% against my 2%. In every survey, I went up until I won. Imagine, 54-2 but Nancy is already at 19%.)
Binay endorsed his eldest daughter to his long-time constituents. He was mayor of Makati for over 20 years. His wife, Elenita, became mayor for 3 years when he was sitting out his term limit.
“Meron na tayong maipagmamalaki. Ang Makati, may senador na ngayon.” (We already have something to boast of. Makati will now have a senator.)
The Vice President also pushed for the candidacy of his two other children. He praised Mayor Binay's leadership, saying “the son is better than the father.” He also commended Rep Binay for being deputy majority leader in the House.
“They only make an issue out of dynasties in the context of violence and cheating and bad practices in politics, but in a clean and honest election, why not allow the people to vote,” Binay said in Filipino.
The proclamation rally was a family reunion of sorts for the Binay clan, with the vice president even starting his speech by introducing each of his grandchildren on stage.
In an interview with Rappler, Mayor Binay also said having 4 Binays in government is not a consolidation of power.
“Even if my two sisters win, one congresswoman and one senator, it doesn't mean we already hold Congress. My siblings will be just two out of many lawmakers. It doesn't mean we can manipulate the Senate and Congress,” he said.
Mayor Binay added: “They will be there, represent the people and use Makati as a model. That's what we always say, ‘If we did it in Makati, we can do it in the entire country.'”
FAMILY HUDDLE. Vice President Jejomar Binay talks to daughter senatorial bet Nancy Binay before taking the podium at the UNA proclamation rally in Makati.
UNA sweeps in Makati?
With the family's hold on Makati politics, Mayor Binay and Nancy Binay said a complete victory for UNA's 9 senatorial candidates in the city is not far-fetched.
Known as the country's financial district, Makati has nearly 400,000 registered voters.
“My father's endorsement is a big factor. We had a [local] election where we won straight 12-0 in both districts and hopefully we can replicate that with UNA's senatorial slate for a 9-0 victory,” Nancy said.
She said UNA's allies in Makati will be able to focus on helping the senatorial slate because his brother is almost assured of victory.
Independent candidate lawyer Renato Bondol is Mayor Binay's lone challenger. Another independent candidate, Joel Sarza, is running against his sister, Rep Abigail Binay.
“More or less, we already [have the machinery for UNA] because my brother's rival is not that much of a heavyweight these elections,” said Nancy.
Bondal, a former barangay chairman, said he is running against Mayor Binay to give voters “an option for change.”
Asked about this statement, Nancy said, “At the end of the day, it's the will of the people. We are not forcing anyone. The elections where our family members won were clean and honest.”
While Mayor Binay is not expecting a major challenge to his re-election, he admitted that the race is heated in the vice mayoral level.
Binay is fielding running mate Marjorie de Veyra against ally-turned-rival Vice Mayor Romulo “Kid” Pena of the ruling Liberal Party.
Both the mayor and the vice president endorsed De Veyra in the rally, praising her work as former city administrator and head of the Makati Social Welfare Department, and her loyalty to the Binay family.
Besides De Veyra, UNA candidates in Makati include re-electionist 1st District Rep Monique Lagdameo, and the majority of the incumbent councilors seeking re-election.
2016 and full circle
During the speeches of both local and senatorial UNA bets, the candidates all praised Binay's leadership in Makati, and expressed support for his plan to seek the presidency in 2016.
In his speech, the Vice President waxed nostalgic, recalling that it was in Olympia, Makati, where he spoke of his presidential ambitions in the 1990s.
“Sinabi ko pagtulung-tulungan natin, pagagandahin natin ang Makati, at ang Makati ang ituturo natin ‘pag nilunsad ang aking pagkakandito pagkapangulo.” (I said let's help each other improve Makati, and we will point to Makati when I launch my presidential candidacy).
Binay then cited services his family's leadership pushed for in Makati like cash gifts for senior citizens, and the construction of hospitals.
“Nangampanya [ako dito noon] bilang pangalawang pangulo. Ngayong gabi, meron hong ‘di makapaniwala, ‘di makatulog kasi ang nakaharap sa kanila ngayon, si Jojo Binay, number two sa buong Pilipinas.” (I campaigned here before for vice president. Tonight, there are those who cannot believe, cannot sleep because the one facing them is Jojo Binay, the number two official of the Philippines).
Binay capped the night by summing up his campaign pitch for his children and candidates: “Damdaming Makati, tatak Binay.” (The heart of Makati, the Binay brand). – Rappler.com
When the Phoenix Coyotes become the Arizona Coyotes on Friday at the NHL Draft, the switch won't really be made to entice folks from around the state to join the fan base.
The Coyotes would love to have more people at Jobing.com Arena as they look to build on last season's league-high attendance increase, but residents of Tucson, Flagstaff and Yuma won't be lining up to buy season tickets just because the name makes them feel like part of the family.
In reality, this switch was made to appease the Coyotes' home city of Glendale, which approved for them a 15-year, $225 million arena lease agreement. But that doesn't mean the Coyotes won't be able to capitalize on the name change in the future.
For now, the uniform changes are subtle — a new shoulder patch, a new wordmark and a yet-to-be unveiled third jersey — but co-owner Anthony LeBlanc is a marketing man by trade and new merchandise equals money, so expect greater changes down the road as the IceArizona ownership group chases the goal of being profitable by Year 3 of its tenure.
In the meantime, in honor of the Phoenix Coyotes' 18 years of existence, we say goodbye to the old name with a look back at the 18 most memorable moments (in chronological order) in franchise history — with input from FOX Sports Arizona's Todd Walsh, Graham Taylor, Brett Hansen and Jody Jackson, as well as NHL.com Coyotes correspondent, Jerry Brown, who has covered the team since it arrived in the Valley.
So long, Phoenix Coyotes.
18. The move south: Indulge me a personal memory. While working at the East Valley Tribune, I asked then-Trib columnist Mark Emmons (now with the San Jose Mercury News) if the NHL would ever move to Phoenix. "Not a chance," the always-affable Emmons said. Shortly thereafter, the Tribune, with inside information from then-Jet Ed Olczyk, broke the news that the Winnipeg Jets would be relocating to America West Arena — a move that was officially announced by owners Richard Burke and Steven Gluckstern on Dec. 19, 1995. After a name-the-team contest, management settled on the Phoenix Coyotes.
17. J.R. becomes face of franchise: Wanting an American face to market to its new fan base — and having just traded popular Finn Teemu Selanne before the move (Doh!) — the Coyotes acquired Chicago forward Jeremy Roenick on Aug. 16, 1996 in exchange for center Alex Zhamnov, wing Craig Mills and a first-round pick (wing Ty Jones, who played a total of 16 NHL games). To this day, Roenick is likely the most popular Coyote ever, with only current captain Shane Doan giving him a run for that title.
16. Walt does 50/50: On April 6, 1997 against the Colorado Avalanche, left wing Keith "Walt" Tkachuk scored his 50th goal for the second consecutive season to become the first player in franchise history to record more than one 50-goal season. Tkachuk totaled 323 goals (third all-time) and 623 points (fourth all-time) with the franchise before he was traded to St. Louis on March 13, 2001.
15. The first WhiteOut: On April 20, 1997, the Coyotes played the first NHL playoff game in Phoenix in the Western Conference quarterfinals against the Anaheim Mighty Ducks. Importing a Winnipeg tradition, thousands of fans filled America West Arena dressed in white, and the Coyotes defeated Anaheim, 4-1.
14. A class act achieves a milestone: On Dec. 14, 1997, veteran right wing Mike Gartner scored his 700th career NHL goal against Detroit, becoming only the fifth player in league history to reach that milestone. Only Wayne Gretzky, Gordie Howe, Marcel Dionne, and Phil Esposito shared this accomplishment with Gartner at the time. (Brett Hull and Jaromir Jagr have since joined the 700 club.)
13. Hatcher's hit, Roenick's jaw and Tkachuk's defense: In a hit that was part retaliation for a blindsided hit that Jeremy Roenick laid on Dallas star Mike Modano in a previous game, Stars defenseman Derian Hatcher broke Roenick's jaw on a leaping, forearm shiver in a 4-2 Dallas win on March 14, 1999. Hatcher earned a seven-game suspension, but the sides weren't done. After Dallas goalie Ed Belfour slew-footed Keith Tkachuk, defenseman Darryl Sydor had to protect his goalie and instead got pummeled by Tkachuk in a fight. Roenick's jaw was utterly shattered, and it was assumed he would miss the team's entire first-round playoff series against St. Louis. But Roenick returned in a Game-7 loss with the jaw and his mouth wired shut, meaning he had to breathe solely through his nose, which required frequent blowing to clear any obstructions. Roenick understood the risks, but he was more concerned with the potential reward. "Who cares if your jaw gets broken again? It will heal. You don't have too many opportunities to win the Stanley Cup," he said. "I didn't have to use my mouth or jaw to play hockey. I used my hands, my feet and my heart."
12. The Great One arrives: On May 26, 2000, soon-to-be owner Steve Ellman announced that Wayne Gretzky would join the new Coyotes ownership group under Los Arcos Sports, LLC. Gretzky became the managing partner in charge of hockey operations. More importantly, he lent his name and visibility to a fledgling market in search of a bigger fan base and a new home in Scottsdale.
11. Sean Burke saves the day: With goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin and the team embroiled in a year-long contract dispute — Khabibulin held out the entire 1999-2000 season, playing for the Long Beach Ice Dogs of the IHL before he was traded to Tampa Bay — the Coyotes acquired Burke for, gulp, Mikhail Shtalenkov. Burke enjoyed a career renaissance under goalie coach Benoit Allaire (now with the Rangers). In October of 2000 he was named NHL Player of the Month, posting a 7-1-1 record, a 1.54 goals against average and a .950 save percentage, helping the Coyotes to their best start in franchise history. In March of 2002, he won Player of the Month again, posting a 9-1-0 record, a 1.70 goals against average and .940 save percentage. He also acquired the coaching tools from Allaire to one day assume his role with the organization.
10. Another class act achieves a milestone: On Sept. 15, 2001, quiet captain Teppo Numminen played in his 951st game with the franchise, becoming its all-time games played leader, surpassing Thomas Steen's 950. Numminen played 1,098 games for the Coyotes, a total eclipsed only by current captain Shane Doan (1,315).
9. Krys Kolanos scores on a penalty shot vs. Patrick Roy: On March 30, 2002, Kolanos, the Coyotes' 2000 first-round pick, turned the trick in a 5-3 win over the defending Stanley Cup champion Colorado Avalanche. In this case, the pictures are worth a thousand words. Here is the polite version from the Coyotes website. Below is the more entertaining version.
8. Like father, like son: After leading his team to the 2002 playoffs with a completely retooled roster, coach Bob Francis won the Jack Adams Award as the NHL's coach of the year. His father, Emile Francis, twice won the award, making them the first father-son coaching tandem in NHL history to win the award.
7. The Job is finished: After seven and a half seasons in the Valley, the Coyotes finally opened their own arena in Glendale. Before a standing-room-only crowd of 19,052 at Glendale Arena (later named Jobing.com Arena), the Coyotes lost to the Nashville Predators, 3-1.
6. Boucher's shutout streak: Goalie Brian Boucher's Phoenix and NHL careers were not memorable ones, but for one glorious stretch of games he was the talk of the NHL. On Jan. 9, 2004, Boucher set an NHL modern-era record with his fifth consecutive shutout, making 21 saves in a 2-0 win at Minnesota. In the previous games, he shut out L.A., Dallas, Carolina and Washington. Boucher also eclipsed another NHL modern-era record in the Minnesota game when he surpassed Bill Durnan's scoreless sequence of 309 minutes and 21 seconds (set in 1948-49). Boucher's shutout sequence ended at 332:01 when he allowed a goal at 6:16 of the first period against Atlanta on Jan. 11.
5. Shane Doan's first and only career hat trick: Here is part of my story from that night on Jan. 7, 2012, along with the video:
Shane Doan skated to the bench with a grim smile creasing his face. The clock was running out and so was his strength. The Coyotes captain appeared destined for an individual NHL record that nobody wants: the most career two-goal games without a hat trick.
He had tried everything from voodoo to prayers to break the streak. He had even altered the bizarre, curved, tape knob at the end of his stick — the one teammate Ray Whitney referred to as an "axe handle."
Now the fans at Jobing.com Arena were chanting his name. Coach Dave Tippett kept sending him back on the ice, and he logged 8 minutes and 51 seconds in the third period alone. And his teammates kept feeding him the puck. But Doan couldn't convert for that elusive third goal.
"It was getting embarrassing," he said.
In an ending befitting the nicest guy ever to lace up skates, Doan got one last crack off a cross-ice pass from Whitney. With one-tenth of a second left, he put every last ounce of his strength into a laser from the left circle, beating New York Islanders goalie Evgeni Nabokov between the legs for the final goal in Phoenix's 5-1 win on Saturday.
But the drama didn't stop there. Because the goal came so late, officials had to review it to make certain it had beaten the final horn.
"I went over and told the refs, ‘Listen, it's been a long time. It's been 16 years,' " Whitney said. "'Tell Toronto that this may never happen again, so make sure this counts.'"
It did. And with that, No. 19 registered his first career hat trick in the Coyotes' 19th home game of the season, ending his dubious streak at 38 two-goal games without a hat trick. That tied the 16-year veteran with Petr Sykora for the most in league history. Doan fell short of Scott Mellanby's 319 career goals without a hat trick. Doan had 308.
"It was kind of cool it lasted as long as it did," Doan said. "It gave you a good story."
4. Beating the Blackhawks: Chicago was one season removed from its first Stanley Cup in 49 years when the teams met in the first round of the 2012 Western Conference playoffs. There were plenty of memorable moments in that series — Raffi Torres' suspension-earning hit on Marian Hossa, the first five games going into overtime and goalie Mike Smith's consistent brilliance — but the Coyotes took any drama out of the sixth and deciding game when they shut out Chicago, 4-0, at United Center to win the franchise's first-ever playoff series in style.
3. A Western Conference final berth: In the crowning achievement to the franchise's best season to date — one in which the team won its first division title and coach Dave Tippett won the Jack Adams Award — the Coyotes eliminated the Nashville Predators in five games to reach their first conference final in 2012.
2. The Glendale City Council votes yes: After a public and sometimes contentious four-plus hour session in front of hundreds of fans and foes, the final hurdle to new ownership in the Valley was crossed when the Glendale City Council voted 4-3 in favor of an amended arena-lease deal with Renaissance Sports and Entertainment that will pay RSE (now IceArizona) $15 million per year over 15 years in exchange for a number of revenue streams which the new owners believe will cover all of Glendale's cost. The vote ended a four-year ownership saga for a host of people who had been battling to keep the team here, not the least of whom was NHL commissioner Gary Bettman.
"It's not about my emotions," Bettman said. "This is really about the fact that uncertainty hanging over this franchise has finally been lifted and that's great for everybody in the Valley, in particular anybody who is a fan of the franchise or cares about the franchise."
That was the polished answer, but GM Don Maloney delivered the best quote: "Everybody who's followed this saga has said ‘decide something or just shoot us.' Fortunately, we got the result we needed to stay in a great place and a great hockey town."
1. Mike Smith's goal: Goalie Mike Smith capped a 5-2 win and a season series sweep of the hated Detroit Red Wings when he scored into an empty net with 0.1 seconds left in an Oct. 19, 2013, game at Jobing.com Arena, becoming just the 11th goaltender in NHL history to score a goal.
With about 5 seconds on the clock, Smith gloved a shot from just inside the blue line by Detroit's Mikael Samuelsson. He quickly dropped it and launched it down the ice, and with Red Wings goalie Jimmy Howard on the bench for an extra attacker, it slid across the goal line just before the final horn.
"Everything has to work right and the clock has to slow down at the right time in the game to let it trickle over the line," Smith said. "It was just a bonus to a great win."
Follow Craig Morgan on Twitter
Calling it a “race against extinction,” a bumble bee that was once common in Nebraska is being placed on the endangered species list by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. It's the first time a bee has made the list.
Serina Jepsen, director of the endangered species program at the Xerces Society, says the rusty patched bumble bee is disappearing and everyone involved with agriculture should take note.
“The species will now be protected from some of the threats that it faces,” Jepsen says. “The Fish and Wildlife Service now has the authority to develop a recovery plan and work towards the species recovery. I think this will really make the difference this species needs in terms of its future survival and existence, really.”
The society had petitioned the agency for the designation. The native bee is of vital importance as a pollinator, Jepsen says, and its demise can be seen as another sign of significant trouble for the continent's environment.
“The rusty patched bumble bee has declined by about 90% from its historic range,” Jepsen says. “It used to occur across 31 states as well as some Canadian provinces. It now occurs in just a handful of locations and it really only exists in any numbers in a few areas in the upper Midwest.”
Once common as far east as Maine, limited populations of the bee can still be found in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois and Indiana but no significant numbers have been spotted in Nebraska in years.
The value of native pollinators to agriculture in the U.S. is estimated at $9-billion per year, and that doesn't count honeybee colonies that can be rented for pollination.
Jepsen says, “These animals together, not just the rusty patched bumble bee, but the rusty patched bumble bee and all of the other native bees that provide pollination to both wildflowers and natural ecosystems as well as our crops, are incredibly important to functioning ecosystems.”
She says it's a thrill to see one of North America's most endangered species receive the protection it needs.
Jepsen says, “Addressing the threats to the rusty patched bumble bee that it faces, from pesticide use, from disease, from habitat loss, will help not only this species but a wide variety of other native pollinators that are really important to functioning natural ecosystems as well as agricultural systems.”
Offering a landscape that sustains all native bees will require continued investment by public agencies, she says, as well as efforts from private residents in urban and rural areas.
The Xerces Society is a non-profit conservation group, headquartered in Portland, Oregon, focused primarily on invertebrates. It's named for the Xerces Blue butterfly, the first butterfly known to go extinct in North America as a result of human activities.
President Donald Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey at the recommendation of US Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, according to a White House announcement.
"The FBI is one of our Nation's most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement," said President Trump.
“While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau,” Trump told Comey in a letter.
The letter announcing the termination was hand-delivered to FBI headquarters by Keith Schiller, a Trump security aide, according to several reports citing a White House official.
A search for a new permanent FBI Director will begin immediately.
The firing of Comey comes days after he testified to Congress on investigations into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US election.
Earlier Tuesday, the FBI wrote to Congress to correct misstatements Comey made regarding a separate investigation into Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information.
Comey had testified that top Clinton aide Huma Abedin had forwarded "hundreds and thousands" of emails to her husband, former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner, the FBI clarified that most of those emails had been on his laptop via backup devices, while only a few had been the result of forwarded emails, the Associated Press reported.
Comey reportedly heard of the news from TV reports while addressing FBI employees at the Los Angeles field office, according to New York Times reporter Michael Schmidt and New York Magazine reporter Yashar Ali. Comey was due to speak at an FBI recruiting event in Hollywood Tuesday evening, but that speech has been canceled.
In a memorandum to Sessions from Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general wrote that over the past year, "the FBI's reputation and credibility have suffered substantial damage, and it has affected the entire Department of Justice."
Deputy AG's memorandum on recommendation to fire Comey takes issue w/ his handling of #Clinton email investigation https://t.co/3emyAla8Vnpic.twitter.com/t17VKZEChY — RT America (@RT_America) May 9, 2017
Rosenstein wrote that he could not defend "the Director's handling of the conclusion of the investigation of Secretary Clinton's emails, and I do not understand his refusal to accept the nearly universal judgment that he was mistaken."
Read more
"Almost everyone agrees that the Director made serious mistakes; it is one of the few issues that unites people of diverse perspectives," the deputy attorney general added in the memo to Attorney General Sessions.
Rosenstein cited the July 5, 2016 announcement by Comey that the probe into Clinton had concluded without prosecution, which Rosenstein said was not the function of an FBI director, but rather the DOJ.
Rosenstein called Comey's press conference "a textbook example of what federal prosecutors and agents are taught not to do."
US Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-California) said in a statement that Trump called her at 5:30pm and "indicated he would be removing Director Comey, saying the FBI needed a change." Feinstein added that "the next FBI director must be strong and independent and will receive a fair hearing in the Judiciary Committee," of which she is the ranking Democrat.
Acting as FBI director will be Andrew McCabe, who had been the deputy director under Comey. Attorney General Sessions is anticipated to name an interim replacement, while the process to confirm a permanent replacement takes shape.
Comey, 56, was appointed to head the FBI by former President Barack Obama in September 2013. FBI directors typically serve 10-year terms.
The only other time in US history an FBI director has been dismissed was in 1993, when President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno pushed out William Sessions amid ethical concerns.
Math Class Made Delicious: Learn About Cones Through Scones
Cooks use math to make beautiful food all the time: Slicing eight perfect pieces of pie or doubling a recipe requires basic knowledge of fractions, for example.
But how many cooks think about using beautiful food to illustrate the math itself?
Lenore M. Edman and Windell H. Oskay of the blog Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories do. Feast your eyes on their latest work, "Sconic Sections," pictured above.
Now, you may remember from high school Algebra II class (or, like me, you looked it up) that, when a plane slices through a cone, four kinds of geometric curves can occur: an ellipse, a circle, a hyperbola or a parabola. These curves are called conic sections.
And, of course, a scone is something you grab at Starbucks on your way to the office or, if you're all proper and English, you eat it with a spot of tea and clotted cream.
"And, at the intersection of the two, we present something entirely new, delightfully educational, and remarkably tasty: Sconic Sections," Edman writes in her blog post, a meticulously detailed, step-by-step manual for making your own jam-and-Nutella topped math treats.
The pair recently spoke with The Salt about the project. Below is our chat, edited for length and clarity.
In plain English, what is Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories?
Edman: "Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories is a blog we started to keep track of our hobbies, originally. It's grown into much more than that. We sell hobby electronic kits, and we still publish when we can."
Why use food to illustrate a complex math subject like conic sections?
Edman: "One of the things about doing math in food is that it makes it more concrete and understandable — hopefully, your scones aren't concrete — but it's much more tactile. [In class,] they're usually just diagrams, but the slices [in our scones] really stand out to you when you use Nutella."
Why do we need to know what conic sections are, anyway?
Edman: "Let's use the example of a lamp fixture: Light comes out of the lampshade as a cone of light — things come out as a circle or an ellipse. If you're close enough to the wall, you'll see a hyperbola ..."
So it comes in handy in that you can use it to figure out where the light is thrown when you're decorating?
Oskay: "It's useful if you want to understand why it forms the shape it does."
Edman: "It's just a nice way to augment traditional learning — just as a way to enjoy the math at another level. We see math in everything we do. We're the kind of people who play board games at the dinner table."
How did you decide on scones as your medium?
Both: "The pun!"
I notice both of you mention your affection for food in your bios, and these aren't the first food items you've experimented with. Is there a larger connection between food and science you're trying to illustrate, or is it all just for fun?
Edman: "It's another way of experiencing science. Not only do you get to experience the math concept, but you get the chemistry of doing the cooking."
Oskay: "It's a chance for people to learn before they have the chance to think [math is] scary."
Want more food-illustrated math? Check out these Sierpinski cookies and Koch snowflake cupcakes.
The Conficker worm, which was set to run riot on 1 April, has begun stirring.
According to antivirus and internet content security firm Trend Micro, the worm, which is said to have infected millions of computers worldwide and could cause havoc on the internet if activated, has started to download a data package.
Trend Micro believes the data, downloaded via P2P, may contain information for a widespread attack.
Spam, spam, spam
"Last night we saw a new file in the Windows Temp folder. Checking on the file properties reveals that the file was created exactly on 7 April, 2009 at 07:41:21," said Trend Micro's Ivan Macalintal.
If the Conficker worm does become active and your computer is infected, then it could steal sensitive data from your machine, remotely control your PC and effectively turn your computer into a spam-bot.
Microsoft is keeping its Windows website updated with information about Conficker, and has posted information on how to rid your machine of the worm.
Via BBC
Of all the scientific mysteries, this is probably the greatest one of all – how did life on Earth begin? We are not talking about how it evolved into the diversity of lifeforms we see today. We are talking about how it originated in the first place.
For all his immense insight into evolution, Charles Darwin himself was stumped. He suggested that whatever the mechanism was that had led to the first replicating lifeforms, it most probably arose in some "warm little pond", a primordial soup of pre-biotic ingredients where the seed of life first germinated on the early Earth.
Now scientists have developed an experiment demonstrating how the very first self-replicating molecules may have formed about 4 billion years ago when the Earth was like any other lifeless planet that had yet to experience the radical transformation of living, breathing creatures.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
John Sutherland and colleagues at Manchester University have broken new ground by being able to synthesise almost from scratch two of the four building blocks of RNA, the self-replicating molecule that many scientists believe to be the most likely contender for the original molecule of life. Dr Sutherland believes that he has shown how it was possible to make all the building blocks of RNA from the simple chemicals that would have existed on Earth 4 billion years ago.
"We've made the building blocks of RNA from what was around on the early Earth and is still around in interstellar space and in the atmosphere of Saturn's moon Titan," Dr Sutherland said.
"We haven't yet made the RNA molecule itself but we've made two of the four sub-units or building blocks. It suggests that making the molecule is possible. The building blocks are strung together and doing that is actually easier than making the building blocks themselves," he said.
RNA is the less familiar cousin of DNA, the genetic blueprint of life. Like DNA, the RNA molecule can carry and transmit information from one generation to the next. But unlike DNA, RNA is a relatively simple molecule that many scientists believed could have been quite easy to synthesise in the harsh environment of the early Earth. The trouble with this idea – which is more than 40 years old – is that no one has been able to join up the three components, the sugars, bases and phosphates that make up each of the four building blocks of RNA, under the sort of conditions that existed 4 billion years ago. Dr Sutherland, however, has shown in a study published in the journal Nature that this is indeed possible.
"The trouble is, the human eye sees the three components of RNA and so the human brain assumes that to make the molecule you should combine those three components. People have found that they can make the sugars and the bases but the key thing they can't do is to join them together," Dr Sutherland said.
"And so for 40 or so years they have worked on the problem and have become so frustrated that they have decided that RNA, although very desirable, is just too complicated and so there must have been a simpler molecule that spawned RNA. We've just changed the order of assembly of the pieces, but it's overcome the dogma that it cannot be done," he said.
In trying to explain how life began on Earth, scientists have attempted to formulate theories to account for how the first self-replicating molecule came into existence. One of the earliest theories was the "primordial soup", where simple molecules mixed together in a broth that was regularly energised by ultraviolet light and electric storms.
Over time, these simple molecules would have combined to form more complex substances containing the all-important atomic ingredients of life – oxygen, carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen. Although scientists were able to make the building blocks of proteins in this way, they failed to do the same with DNA or RNA.
Scientists first proposed that RNA preceded proteins in the 1960s, but it was not until the 1980s that they received strong support for the idea. Thomas Cech at the University of Colorado and Sidney Altman at Yale, found that RNA could act as a catalyst by speeding up a chemical reaction and yet being unchanged in the process – a feat normally reserved for enzymes.
This was the first hard evidence that RNA, a molecule that can replicate and store genetic information, could also have triggered the first synthesis of life's proteins. Most scientists now believe that there was an "RNA world" early in the Earth's history from which all present-day life is ultimately descended.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - European Central Bank officials are considering ways to ensure weak countries that stand to gain most from a fresh round of money printing bear more of the risk and cost.
Birds fly past the new ECB headquarters in Frankfurt December 4, 2014. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
Officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, have told Reuters that the ECB could require central banks in countries such as Greece or Portugal to set aside extra money or provisions to cover potential losses from any bond-buying, reflecting the riskiness of their bonds.
Such a move could help persuade a reluctant Germany to back plans to buy state bonds.
There is currently a stand off between the ECB and Germany's Bundesbank over ECB preparations to buy sovereign bonds, so-called quantitative easing (QE), to shore up the flagging euro zone economy.
But while the idea may help overcome opposition in Germany, which is worried that fresh money printing could encourage reckless spending and leave it to pick up the tab, critics will argue that any such conditions curtail its scope and impact.
Although a release of new money to buy state bonds appears all but certain, how it will happen remains fluid. The ECB's Governing Council holds its next monetary policy meeting on Jan. 22., with market expectations high for fresh stimulus.
Requiring weaker countries to set aside extra provisions would signal that more of the risk of potential losses would rest with national central banks, rather than the ECB in Frankfurt.
“Losses are taken ... by the nation states,” said one official.
The ECB declined to comment.
The national central banks would most likely be the ones tasked with buying their country's bonds, as part of a wider ECB program.
While easing the burden on countries like Germany whose bonds are highly rated, the ECB could place a heavier burden on more risky countries such as Greece, requiring them to set aside more money in order for the ECB to buy their debt.
It now costs roughly 1.1 million euros ($1.35 million) to insure 10 million euros of Greek bonds against default, for example, making it roughly half as risky as war-torn Ukraine.
If Greece's central bank also had to set aside more to cover the risks of its bonds, that could curb the dividend it pays the Athens government or possibly even require an injection of capital.
CHANGING SHAPE
Lobbying by the small group of countries opposed to fresh money printing is now gradually shifting towards changing the shape of quantitative easing rather than try to block it altogether.
The Bundesbank is demanding that any new round of bond buying be subject to strict limitations.
Its president, Jens Weidmann, this week outlined two such possibilities – restricting ECB buys to bonds of countries with a top-notch credit rating or allowing each central bank to buy their country's bonds at their own risk.
“Even if you say it's not too early for QE, there is still something to be said about how you set it up,” said one euro zone central bank official.
“If the central bank would only buy bonds from its own country, then the chances and risks would go to that central bank. What happens if there is a loss? It would be good if the central banks have made adequate provisions.”
Similar provisions, where the risk of some loans taken as security for credit rests with a national central bank, already exist, officials said.
The suggestion of such pre-conditions underlines the deep divisions over fresh money printing in Europe.
But while setting such a precondition for any resulting losses would help win over Germany, it threatens to further undermine the notion that all 18 countries of the euro bloc are on an equal footing.
($1 = 0.8137 euros)
The question the article — and it is reporting, not an opinion piece — seeks to address is this:
What does it mean to cheer a person often described by pundits as having a “passion gap” compared with her rivals, to go bonkers for a detail-laden stump speech that crescendos on words such as prudent and percent of your income?
There are several anecdotes of voters online for an event that are offered. The first is prefaced by noting a woman looking at a Trump supporter open carrying and yelling, who does not yell back.
“Trump's angry; Bernie's angry all the time,” said Smith, a retired elementary schoolteacher who said she was not angry other than whatever frustration she felt toward the other candidates and their followers, which she sublimated. “Just realistically, I think it's not a matter of pumping the team up, it's a matter of playing the game. You can't have that kind of demeanor. I can't imagine these men being in the room when some crisis really happens. Is emotion going to rule them, or are they going to have a level head and make calm decisions?”
After turning to another person in the line and offering his observations, the article offers this:
To her and others baking in the sun, this was in fact the paradox of being a Clinton supporter at a Clinton rally, the thing that no one seemed to understand. They were excited by her lack of excitability; thrilled by her boring wonkiness; enthusiastic not about the prospect of some dramatic change but about Clinton's promise of dogged, small-bore pragmatism, a result of decades of government experience they considered a qualification rather than a liability. Theirs was the campaign that voters so often said they wanted — one of substance and detail, of practicality rather than dreamy idealism, of freedom through discipline.
thrilled by her boring wonkiness — for many of us someone who understands policy in detail, can talk about it and its implications, is important, because that is how real change gets started, and maintained. We LIKE that Clinton is willing to talk about the details of policy, including getting it enacted. That is the substance and detail that we actually find exciting. It is makes us at least nod our heads if not more during debates.
One person waiting on the line rolled his eyes when a Sanders supporter car full of young people went by and the folks inside yelled out their support of their candidate. He talked about the kind of excitement that those supporting Clinton could feel — read these words:
Not the thrill of revolt and rage, he explained, but rather the joy of hearing a candidate speak in excruciating yet accurate detail about Head Start and Early Head Start, the federally funded programs to help low-income children prepare for kindergarten. “Like when she went to Flint,” Medina continued, referring to the Michigan city where possibly hundreds of children have been poisoned by toxins in the water supply. “She was strongly encouraging the government to put Head Start in place because she knows one of the requirements is annual lead screening.”
As I read these words, I think back to a Rolling Stone piece by William Greider during the 1992 campaign, where Bill Clinton brought up the Grameen Bank (later to win Mohammad Yunus the Nobel Peace Prize) and Greider's being amazed. And yet, Bill almost certainly knew about that, about microfinancing, from his wife, who had already encountered it in her own work among poor minority folk (and here I also recall a savings and loan in Chicago, South Shore Bank, which engaged in some microfinancing).
Yes, I remember that competence was an insufficient argument for Michael Dukakis, but that is very much not why he lost to the first George Bush, and those who make that argument ignore his unwillingness to push back at inaccurate attacks, something I think Mrs. Clinton has long ago learned how to do — after all, she has been subject to inaccurate attacks for decades.
I am not going to go through the rest of the article, although I will encourage you to read it.
Perhaps one reason Clinton does so well among those of us who are older is because we have been through several attempts at revolutionary change, and as we age we want to see certain things established irrevocably, so that in the normal pendulum swings of American politics the advances made do not get undone.
Perhaps it is because one political party has, since Ronald Reagan, taken the approach that government is the problem (except insofar as it can be used to impose their values on others — some sense of liberty) rather than what we have known it to be: a primary mechanism for improving the lives of the American people.
Not all efforts have worked, and we can acknowledge that without abandoning the notion that government of the people, by the people, and for the people has a major role to play in providing a security for the people that goes far beyond merely military security. Just as we can and should acknowledge that not every attempt to provide that military security has worked and also may need to be examined. But NEITHER should be abandoned, nor denigrated.
As I have offered posts that include words of others — columnists, pundits, etc. — and as I have offered some of my own analysis on the state of the race, people often challenge me to explain my support of Clinton. Sometimes they will throw in my face a piece I wrote 8 some years ago. That is their right.
But it is also not relevant. I am different, in large part because of living with my wife's cancer the past three years. I would also suggest that Clinton, with the additional experience of having worked so closely with the man against whom she contended 8 years ago, has demonstrated that she is different, of greater depth.
For me, there are multiple things that concern me. Key is a real understanding of the international situation, because if we do not properly address what we can, we will as a nation have neither the resources nor attention necessary to address issues at home. There was no other candidate running in either party this cycle who has that in the depth that Secretary Clinton has.
Equally important is to understand how to advance our goals by small ball if necessary, rather than waiting for those few occasions where the big thing can be done. Yes, if we get lucky and also take back the House because Trump is the Republican candidate, it MAY be possible to achieve far greater change. But assuming the gerrymandering after the 2010 census and elections makes that highly unlikely, how can we best address an agenda that improves the lives of the most people? Here I think an intimate understanding of the details of policy matter, such as knowing about annual lead screening as a part of Head Start. And here let me note something about which I have remarked before: I have in my somewhat attenuated experience of teaching in inner city DC middle schools seen the impact of lead upon the students in my classrooms.
For my friends who are passionate Bernie supporters — I have no trouble with your passion, with your desire to see radical change. But please understand that for many of us who are Clinton supporters we are not willing to wait for a revolution, we want what change we can get now.
And if I may speak to young people: for many of us this is not for ourselves. Those of us in our 60s and older are unlikely to see the changes we can accomplish right now make a major difference in the rest of our lives. Those with progeny seek it for their children and grandchildren. For a childless couple like my wife and myself, we seek it for nieces and nephews, grandnieces and grandnephews, and for me as a teacher for the young people whose lives and future dominate my thinking because of all the time I spend interacting with them.
For Clinton supporters, I urge you not to attack or demean those who are passionate for Bernie, even if at times their rhetoric towards you and the candidate we favor is over the top.
For Bernie supporters, do yourselves a favor and stop demonizing those of us who strongly support Hillary as not being progressive or liberal, as tools of the establishment.
For each of us, we need always to remember that it is possible to disagree without being disagreeable, that reasonable people can come to different conclusions than do we without it meaning they are corrupt or hypocritical.
I am a Clinton supporter. I have as much passion to see her win as do those rallying for Bernie.
As the article that occasioned this post demonstrates, I am far from alone in the strength of that passion, which is why among Democrats Clinton has pretty consistently outperformed Sanders.
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
And if we can, can we be civil and kind to one another?
Share this article
Rom Levy
Rom Levy
0
With 2013 coming to an end, its time to unveil the 25 most popular pieces of the year (based on unique pageviews) on StreetArtNews.
2013's most notorious event has been Banksy's month long show in New York City, “Better Out Than In” and to no surprise he ranks #1 this year. So that we are able to feature a variety of artists we've grouped the whole of Banksy's epic October exhibition under the above stencil which was used to announce the 31 pieces that followed, and subsequently became the most viewed piece of the whole year.
Another trend is the explosion of Festival commissioned walls and murals created for special events, and the rapid decline of illegal works. To our knowledge, the only illegal pieces from this top 25 are coming from Invader and Banksy, in contrast to over half of the pieces you'll see below which were commissioned. However each piece came about, it's safe to say that 2013 has provided us with some amazing art, and this top 25 certainly makes us look forward to next year. We'll no doubt see some exciting developments in the continued evolution of the Street Art world.
Continue reading to discover our full 2013's ranking and then let us know in the comments which are your favourite Street Art pieces of the year.
The author and her brother as teenagers in America. Photo courtesy of Chin Lu.
Victor is an engineer who fits many of the American stereotypes of Asians: He's financially successful, well-educated, shy at first, and mild-mannered. In college, his peers didn't like how he exemplified the model minority. A few Asian American acquaintances even told him this to his face, "You immigrants are not helping. You're maintaining the stereotypes, and people expect me to be just like you." Victor felt betrayed by his own people.
I know this because Victor is my brother. We immigrated to the United States from Taiwan in 2000, when I was 12 and he was 14. We learned English and managed to assimilate quicker than our parents, but we've never quite fit in with the Americans at school. The thing is, when we went back to visit Taiwan, we didn't quite fit in there either. We'd picked up too much of the American culture to be fully Taiwanese, but at our core, we weren't American born and bred.
The first time I heard the term "1.5 generation immigrants," I was already a junior at UC Berkeley. I was interviewing for an internship at DAE Agency, an advertising firm targeting Asian Americans, and they explained that my cultural dissonance was because I'd moved to a new country before I became a teenager. I wasn't first generation, or second generation—I was the 1.5 generation.
"I was too Americanized for the Taiwanese Student Association, yet too fobby for the Taiwanese American Student Association." — Wendy
The concept is still relatively new. In 1999, UCLA anthropologist Kyeyoung Park first used the term to describe misfits in the Korean community, who were "distinct from those of the first- or second-generation ethnic American." In 2004, sociologist Ruben G. Rumbaut further explored the term. His research compared the arrival ages of foreign-born Americans with measurements of their language skills, educational level, and occupational attainment, and he found the definitions of first-gen and second-gen immigrants didn't cover the complexities of those in between. A new name was needed.
A study of immigrant children completed last month similarly concluded that "1.5-generation immigrant children's connection to their heritage culture is stronger than or similar to the second-generation immigrants," but not quite to the level of first-generation immigrants either.
Wendy, who moved to Southern California from Taipei when she was nine, remembers facing the cultural gap in college: "I was too Americanized for the Taiwanese Student Association, yet too fobby for the Taiwanese American Student Association."
Now as an adult, Wendy says she still feels that way sometimes, "like I don't really belong with either side. Even at work, I worry about missing out on office socializing if I choose to watch a Taiwanese TV show over an American one the night before. Meanwhile, when I go home to Taipei, my friends keep telling me that I act 'so ABC' [American-born Chinese] when I'm not."
The author and her brother, posing for a photo in Taipei studio in 2015. Photo courtesy of Chin Lu
I've experienced it too: When meeting me for the first time, people have said things like, "Wow, your English is so good for someone who immigrated here" or "How come you don't have a fobby accent?" On the other hand, when I bleached my hair blond a few years ago, many of my older first-gen relatives openly clucked in disapproval, "Someone's trying to look like a white woman." The uncomfortable subtext is that one culture is supposedly better than the other, but the answer depends on who's asking.
And so for us 1.5ers, there's an art in straddling the line between two cultures. Lucy, a San Francisco tech worker who relocated from Hangzhou, China, to Illinois at the age of five, describes herself as a chameleon of sorts: "I have developed the ability to adapt quickly everywhere because I've had to toe the lines all my life—I go with whatever will allow me to fit in more with the people I'm surrounded by," she said. "For example, I watch how I dress and drive in America carefully, so I don't get accused of being an Asian stereotype, but to please my parents, I got good grades and went to a great university. I think subconsciously I was raised to be more attracted to Chinese men, too."
Every day is like a complex identity puzzle, and because neither our immigrant parents nor our American friends can fully understand, many 1.5 generation immigrants gravitate toward friends with similar singular backgrounds. Out of the eight 1.5ers I spoke to (in a mixture of English and Mandarin Chinese, naturally), all of them told me most of their friends are other 1.5ers—not first generation immigrants, nor American-born.
"The differences between me and those of second generation are very subtle, but we talk about our shared experiences and struggles with our immigrant parents often," said Ian, who emigrated from China to California when he was four. "I remember when I was getting picked on in grade school, I couldn't explain the cultural differences to my mom and dad because my Chinese vocabulary is limited, and I couldn't use English to communicate these kinds of abstract concepts either because of [the English] language barrier."
Many of the 1.5ers I interviewed said they suffered low self-esteem from grappling with their confusing cultural identity when they were younger. But now, as adults, they concentrate less on how being a 1.5er creates problems and more on its benefits. A few years ago, my brother was looking into purchasing an apartment overseas, and he realized that "most people don't have the luxury of an option to choose between living and working in Asia or America as easily."
And Jing, a 29-year-old entrepreneur who moved from Harbin, China, to Massachusetts in middle school, also sees the in-between space as privilege. "I feel like stereotypes from both sides let me get away with things," she said. "My Chinese family views me as more Americanized, so they don't pester me about getting married and having kids. And in America, I feel like I can do certain obnoxious things as long as I do it in a cute way."
It's a glass half-full or half-empty situation. Being a 1.5 generation immigrant means that you can either choose to be an outsider everywhere, or you can decide to fit in with multiple groups and learn to rotate in and out. Of course, the emphasis is on personal choice—no one can tell us to be more or less Asian, or to be more or less American, because we're both.
Follow Chin Lu on Twitter.
The revival of “Roseanne” has an official premiere date, ABC announced Friday.
The new installment of the classic sitcom will debut on March 27 at 8 p.m ET/PT in a special hour-long premiere. It will then air in its regular Tuesday 8 p.m. time slot beginning April 3, followed by “The Middle,” which will move to 8:30.
The complete original cast of the original show is returning for the nine-episode revival, including: Roseanne Barr (Roseanne), John Goodman (Dan), Sara Gilbert (Darlene), Laurie Metcalf (Jackie), Michael Fishman (D.J.) and Lecy Goranson (Becky). Sarah Chalke, who played the character Becky in later seasons, will also appear in another role. Johnny Galecki, who currently stars on CBS' “Big Bang Theory,” will reprise the role of David in one episode. In addition, Ames McNamara and Emma Kenney have been cast as David and Darlene's children.
Tom Werner and Bruce Helford will return as executive producers, with Whitney Cummings, Tony Hernandez, Barr and Gilbert also executive producing. Carsey-Werner Television will produce.
The original series ran for nine seasons on ABC and was widely praised for its portrayal of working class Americans. The series followed the Conner family as they tried to scrape out a living in the fictional town of Lanford, Illinois.
The Oscar nominee and star/EP of FX's 19th-century period drama admits he's earned his fierce reputation: "I've been a dick. But then, who hasn't?"
If you believe everything you read, Tom Hardy is the best actor of his generation and also the most dangerous. Descriptors like "volatile" and "mercurial" trail his name, as do tales of on-set squabbles. But as the Oscar-nominated actor, best known for his roles in Mad Max: Fury Road, The Revenant and The Dark Knight Rises, arrives at The Ritz-Carlton on a snowy Manhattan morning to promote his 19th century drama Taboo for FX and the BBC, it's hard to reconcile that image with the man seated before me. Between puffs of his e-cigarette, a thoughtful and exceedingly self-aware Hardy, 39, who both stars in and executive produces the limited series, spoke candidly about playing "scary blokes," learning to love the awards circuit and just about anything but those Star Wars rumors.
Profiles of you typically include references to your "dangerous" reputation …
There's this myth, which is quite asinine, that circulates about me — usually by those who haven't worked with me. There's only one thing worse than being talked about and that's not being talked about in this game so I'd rather it is that, I guess. But there are other people who I work with consistently who know that's not the case — who just wouldn't risk having somebody like that in their midst because there's too much at stake. Obviously you're going to rub people the wrong way … and I've been a dick. But then, who hasn't?
Is that reputation helpful when you play dark characters as you do on Taboo?
Of course. And I play a lot of scary blokes, and there are probably a few reasons why. First, villains are much more interesting than hero leads, who are, for the most part, really boring. The thought of going into work day in and day out to play someone who is just mind-numbingly boring fills me with dread, so I don't bother. Another part of it is when I was younger I remember being frightened a lot — of being small and skinny and vulnerable and feeling that I could have been preyed upon easily. So, everything that I play is what scared me.
I've heard you say that you're not "an ambassador" in the way a Matt Damon or your pal Leonardo DiCaprio is. What does that mean?
There's a certain etiquette that comes with a very well-trained public persona, and I'll probably get better as I get older but there's a lack of filters for me in conversation.
Which can be refreshing …
It can be but at the same time it also opens one up to attack. But then you create this persona and you got to f—ing live in it, man — and it's better to be seen as fierce as it is to be seen as something else sometimes in this job because there's an element of danger that is required to the work.
You sat out the PR circuit during Oscar season last year when you were a supporting actor nominee for The Revenant. Are you more willing to play the game now?
Where relevant, I guess. But work is king for me, so if anyone comes and says, "Listen, we need you to flounce about in a f—ing dinner jacket," I'm like, "No, I've got a job to do, and I'll stay all night to do it." Then we can flounce around court and posture and say how wonderful each other are. But if the work is good and you did your best, that really should be the prize. Interestingly enough though, now that I have been part of a lot of teams that I really care about, I'm really excited to celebrate their success in that world. I guess I just don't feel like I belong.
When was the last time in this business that you felt like you didn't belong?
The Oscars. Someone once said to me, "You're not prepared to f— politely — metaphorically speaking — and that's what court is." But I'm over here when you need me. I'm one of the people on the squad who can get shit done. But I'm really happy that my wife and I have a photograph of us at the 88th [Academy Awards]. I'm in a tuxedo, and she's in this beautiful dress and she looks gorgeous, and it's like, "Whoa, that's actually a piece of history," and I would never have thought of that happening.
You didn't think you'd be there or you didn't think you'd enjoy it?
Both. And it was a lot to take in and lots of nerves, and I was extremely grateful to have not had my name called out. When Mark Rylance won, I was like, "Yeah."
Had you prepared a speech?
No. I didn't expect to win and was really grateful that I didn't because it would be really terrifying to have to speak. I'm not ready for that. I get very scared of being exposed. … You're not a character [on that stage]. And a lot of people have a sophisticated persona but I don't. I haven't paid enough attention on that front.
Taboo is your first collaboration with your father, who comes from the world of advertising. What precipitated it?
My dad writes, too. I went to him and I said, "Dad, I have this idea. I'd really like to play this character who does this." I pitched him the world and the tone and the character, and he was like, "Thanks, son, can you get out of my office? I'm working on a book." (Laughs.) I was like, "OK, just so you know, that's something I would really like to do." And I left it at that. I kicked it around a bit with some other people, and then it died a natural death. Then about eight months later, he came through with a treatment. He'd been quietly chipping away on it, and his treatment was awesome. We pitched it to Steve Knight, who I had done Locke and some Peaky [Blinders] with, and he came onboard.
This was the first time you've worn multiple hats on a project. What did you learn about yourself?
It was like university for me because I'd never done a short film or anything like that. I never really finished school properly or got my degree or anything. What was nice was I was allowed to observe from a position of having a relative amount of experience from working with some amazing film directors and talents in my career. But learning to move between departments was different to being employed to participate in somebody else's infrastructure. I learned that I actually feel very comfortable as part of that infrastructure and that there are parts of me that really do enjoy the benefit of being able to look behind the curtain at what the problem could be, whether it's financial or logistical, and help find a solution. When you're working on somebody else's job, you're not allowed behind the curtain so you just get fed a lot of bullshit. Which is cool because you don't need to know necessarily — it's not your business — but there is a part of me that goes, "But I could help and I really want to help."
As soon as you wrapped, you went to work on Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk. How challenging was it to go back to wearing just one hat?
It was great but that's because Chris is firing on all cylinders in every aspect. There's a genuine feeling of security with him. He has his signature on absolutely everything and he is still open to the best idea wins, which is a profoundly confident [place to be]. But I used to irritate other directors, I'm sure, before I had the opportunity to do Taboo because I had that drive to be a bit more than just an actor. Not just because I want more meat in a hamburger or I want to be heard; it's that I really care about problem-solving. I can do the acting relatively easily at this point, so my energy is kind of, "Oh, how can we make it better? I want to help the team." But the team just wants you to "shut up because the team needs to think." (Laughs.) It's like, "But I'm on the team! I want to help you think." "Just f—ing shut up, OK." So now I have that place where I can go.
Taboo is being billed as a limited series. Would you like to do more?
Yeah, there is a mythology to it so we can and I love being in production. I definitely want to continue down that road. I have no desire to be an auteur visionary director but I do love being part of the machinery and the infrastructure, as well as the writing and acting.
At this stage of your career, how are you choosing projects?
It's always been first come, first served, whatever is interesting, whenever I've got time.
Leo was the one who brought you The Revenant, yes?
Yeah, I read that [script] a bit and I was like, "It's Davy Crockett. I ain't feeling it." (Laughs.)
That wasn't an easy shoot …
Actually, it was a lot easier than Taboo. But I had no control on The Revenant whereas in Taboo I was responsible and accountable for so many different things.
Did you call up Alejandro Inarritu, Revenant's director, after Taboo and say, "Now I get it"?
No. (Laughs.) I do get a lot of things now, but also I'm aware that there were certain things that I did get at the time — that there were things that I wasn't privy to because of my position in the team that I could have probably helped with and instead I irritated people. But I was right to pursue going into production of my own. I have a place to go now. So yeah, I do feel sorry for producers now to a degree, but also I've created a monster in that now I know as well.
Final question: Rumor has it you're going to be a Stormtrooper in the next Star Wars movie. True?
I don't know if I can even say that. Where did you hear that?
The internet.
Ah, the internet is a glorious web of deceit and misinformation, isn't it? (Laughs.)
So that's misinformation?
It could be, couldn't it?
The eight-part 19th century drama, in which Hardy stars as an adventurer, presumed to be long dead, who returns home after years away to find his recently deceased father has bequeathed him an unusual inheritance, premieres Jan. 10 on FX. It airs first on the BBC.
A version of this story first appeared in the Jan. 13 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
Leaders in Congress want the public to see new net neutrality regulations before they become law.
Currently, people aren't expected to see the Federal Communications Commission's new regulations for Internet service providers such as Comcast until the agency's five commissioners vote on them on Feb. 26.
ADVERTISEMENT
That's concerning for Republicans leaders of the House and Senate Commerce committees, especially since the regulations are expected to exert bold authority over the Web by reclassifying Internet service to treat it like a utility.
“Given the significance of the matter and the strong public participation in the commission's proceeding to date, we believe the public and industry stakeholders alike should have the opportunity to review the text of any proposed order or rules prior to commission action,” Senate committee Chairman John Thune John Randolph ThunePolls: Hiking estate tax less popular than taxing mega wealth, income Will Trump sign the border deal? Here's what we know Key GOP senator pitches Trump: Funding deal a 'down payment' on wall MORE (R-S.D.), House committee Chairman Fred Upton Frederick (Fred) Stephen UptonHouse to vote on background check bills next week The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race House Dems release 2020 GOP 'retirements to watch' for MORE (R-Mich.) and Rep. Greg Walden Gregory (Greg) Paul WaldenDems ready aggressive response to Trump emergency order, as GOP splinters Former Ryan aide moves to K street Overnight Health Care — Presented by PCMA — Lawmakers pay tribute to John Dingell's legacy on health care | White House denies officials are sabotaging ObamaCare | FDA wants meeting with Juul, Altria execs on youth vaping MORE (R-Ore.) — the head of the House Communications Subcommittee — said in a letter to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler on Thursday.
“Limited access to information is beneficial to no one — not to the consumers directly affected by commission action, not to the industries regulated by the rules and not to the commissioners seeking to make information decisions taking public feedback into consideration," they added.
The FCC almost never releases the text of its regulations before the agency's five commissioners vote on them during open meetings. Wheeler does have the power to release them ahead of time, however, which the lawmakers point out.
They told Wheeler that releasing the text of the new rules would make sense now, given the nearly 4 million public comments on the FCC's rule-making process — far and away an agency record.
An FCC spokeswoman, Kim Hart, said that the commission had received the letter and was reviewing it.
— Updated at 11:24 a.m.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders suggested Sunday that FBI Director James Comey should resign over his handling of Hillary Clinton's emails in the days running up to 2016 presidential election.
“I think he should take a hard look at what he has done,” Sanders told George Stephanopoulos during an appearance on ABC's “This Week.” “And I think it would not be a bad thing for the American people if he did step down.”
‘I think he should take a hard look at what he has done. And I think it would not be a bad thing for the American people if he did step down.' --Bernie Sanders
Sanders joins the chorus of Democrats sharply criticizing Comey's actions during the campaign, calling them “outrageous.” In October, right before the election, Comey notified lawmakers that the FBI was examining additional information possibly tied to the probe of Clinton's private email server. The FBI later cleared Clinton after the review.
The Justice Department said last week it would investigate whether Comey's actions, which shook the presidential race, were appropriate under the department's guidelines.
“I think that Comey acted in an outrageous way during the campaign,” Sanders said. “And, you know, no one can say that this was decisive and this was what elected Trump, but clearly his behavior during the campaign in terms of what he said in the week or two before the election was unacceptable. And it is interesting that he is not doing investigations about the possible ties between Trump's campaign and the Russians.”
See also: Senate panel to investigate potential links between Russia, Trump campaign
On the heels of widespread reports that the Texas Longhorns had dismissed senior offensive tackle Desmond Harrison and junior offensive tackle Kennedy Estelle, the school revealed that the two have been suspended for violating team rules.
There's also a report out there that the two players failed a drug test that was administered on Wednesday, a report that makes sense given reports back in July that the players who were dismissed from the team after Big 12 Media Days had also failed a drug test.
Multiple outlets reported earlier on Wednesday evening that Estelle and Harrison had been dismissed from the team entirely.
Harrison, especially, had been on thin ice with the new coaching staff -- he had just been reinstated on Monday after missing the North Texas game for a violation of team rules.
Estelle had reportedly been one of players under review by the coaching staff back at the end of July when the other dismissals became public.
The junior from Pearland Dawson had also been suspended for the Alamo Bowl against Oregon because he was academically ineligible.
Following the loss of senior center Dominic Espinosa last Saturday to a fractured right ankle, the Horns were set to feature a combined 13 career starts on Saturday against BYU, with Estelle holding nine of those.
The most experienced starter for Texas, if the reports are true, is junior offensive guard Sedrick Flowers, who started his second career game against North Texas in the season opener.
And so the Horns will be extremely thin at tackle against BYU and possible longer.
Sophomore Kent Perkins can play outside, but started at guard during the opener, along with junior Marcus Hutchins, one of the most surprising stories of fall camp after he earned the start at left tackle against North Texas weeks after moving back to the offensive side of the ball from defensive tackle, where he had failed to crack the depth chart.
Redshirt freshman Jake Raulerson also spent some time at tackle during fall camp, but he's now the starter at Texas, leaving sophomore Camrhon Hughes and true freshman Elijah Rodriguez as the only two true tackles left to back up the prospective starters, though redshirt freshman Darius James has also played tackle, along with his natural position of guard.
The worst-case long-term scenario for Texas did not come true on Wednesday evening, but it seems clear that both players are close to losing their opportunity to play for the Horns.
Mark Arthur, Yorkshire's Chief Executive, has warned the club may be unable to host major international matches, including Tests, unless a financial arrangement to redevelop Headingley is found "within weeks."
The Football Stand, which Yorkshire share with the Leeds Rhinos rugby league team, is in major need of renovation if the ground is to remain eligible to host major matches after the 2019 season. A GBP 4million grant from Leeds City Council has been unexpectedly withdrawn and the county is struggling to find the GBP 17million they must contribute to the next stage of a project that is expected to cost GBP 40million in total.
"Gordon Hollins, the chief operating officer of the ECB, has confirmed to us in writing that Headingley does not comply with the International Facilities Policy," said Arthur. "Therefore, once the current staging agreement ends in 2019, we will not be considered for Test matches.
"This has to be resolved in the very near future or we will have run out if time to complete the stand by the start of the 2019 season," said Arthur. "While the Ashes Test is secure, the four World Cup matches in 2019 are not.
Headingley will host an Ashes Test in 2019 but is in danger of losing the four World Cup games currently scheduled for the venue and will be unlikely to get any international cricket from 2020 onwards without the required development of the stand. With GBP 25million worth of debt, much owed to the England and Wales Cricket Board's (ECB) Chairman Colin Graves, the lack of international cricket and the resultant fall in revenues, while not affecting Yorkshire's solvency, would hugely compromise their ability to reduce the amount they owe as quickly as they would like.
Without the redevelopment, it is also unlikely that Headingley would be chosen as a host venue for the new proposed eight teams T20 competition scheduled to begin in 2020. "Not only is the clock ticking from a financial point of view, the ECB will be allocating international matches from 2020 to 2023 later this year as well as the new city-based T20 host contracts," said Arthur.
"The need to have a new stand has recently taken on greater importance with the introduction of a new T20 city based competition from the year 2020. The hosts cities will be selected on the basis of facilities and catchment. It will be akin to hosting four additional one-day internationals per year and will bring further incremental income to those host grounds and cities."
on Wednesday 23 November 2016 Written by Adam Bradshaw
This weekend saw the release of science fiction blockbuster Arrival, which gives translation a rare moment in the spotlight. In the film, Amy Adams plays a linguist who is tasked by the US government to communicate with recently arrived alien ships that have arrived on Earth. The problem, of course, is that as global tensions mount, the characters have a limited time to decipher a language that doesn't resemble any on Earth.
The film, which has been praised by critics, raises and interesting question: how would you talk to an alien?
What would an alien language (not) have?
Perhaps the best place to start is considering what is essential for a language, and what an alien might leave out of theirs. Thomas Wier, Assistant Professor at the Free University of Tbilisi, suggests that a language only really needs two things: a symbolic system that can be recombined to represent meaning, and some method of conveying those symbols.
Alien languages might not necessarily be audible or based on an alphabetical or logographic visual element. It could be the transmission of light or chemicals. If the language was somehow hardcoded into the alien DNA or genetic analogue (assuming their biology includes a concept similar to genetics), the language would not be learned through culture, and therefore far less adaptable to situations like meeting another species. This line of thought is admittedly close to the edge of what might be considered language but is interesting to consider nonetheless.
‘Alien' Languages on Earth
In looking to the skies for ‘alien' languages, one could miss some very strange ones found right here on Earth. These shed some light on problems you might encounter when trying to understand a being from an alien culture, provided their languages aren't in the form of chemical emissions!
A language that is often cited as one of the ‘strangest' on Earth is Chalcatongo Mixtec, an indigenous language of Mexico. Rather unhelpfully, this variant of the Mixtec language group contains no method with which the speaker or writer can indicate a question. For example “The chicken is eating.” and “Is the chicken eating?” are rendered identical in this language, it's up to the audience to judge whether or not the phrase is a question based on context and intuition.
But if you thought not being able to recognise questions was tricky, how about not being able to distinguish between subjects and objects, singular and plural, or even differences in time? If so, avoid the Malay dialect spoken in Riau province of Indonesia. To go back to the eating chicken example, Ayam makan (literally “chicken eat”) can mean, in context, anything from “the chicken is eating”, to “I ate some chicken”, “the chicken that is eating” and “when we were eating chicken”!
“Which came first, the chicken or the egg?” – Impossible in Riau Malay and Chicatongo Mixtec
One reason proposed for Riau Malay's incredibly simple grammar is that it was used as a lingua franca between different peoples in the region, and its use between speakers with a limited understanding has simplified it. Maybe if the aliens arrive and stay for a while, an eventual human-alien creole would be just as simple.
It would be remiss to discuss ‘alien' languages without mentioning Klingon, the language of the warlike alien race from the fictional television and film franchise Star Trek. Initially the ‘language' was devised by an actor and producer on the first film, but later developed into a fully-fledged language by linguist Mark Okrand at the request of Paramount Pictures. Joking aside, Klingon is one of the most complete constructed languages in existence, certainly of those created for fictional purposes. Okrand designed the language to be as dissimilar to existing languages, in particular the language of the human characters: English. The intentional dissimilarity hasn't stopped die-hard fans from writing Operas in Klingon, and translating works including the Epic of Gilgamesh, Tao Te Ching, Much ado about Nothing, and Hamlet!
Deciphering Alien language
Theorising about problems with syntax and grammar assumes that the language humans would encounter is at least somewhat decipherable. In Arrival, the humans struggle to analyse the aliens' circular logograms, but, once again, we don't need to look to the stars for these kinds of problems. There are also a significant number of as yet undeciphered writing systems on Earth. These are usually ancient archaeological finds, where the limited content hinders any interpretation.
More recent examples include the medieval Voynich Manuscript. The book is full of strange illustrations and pages of text in strange, almost-Latin script. The Manuscript has resisted many efforts made to decipher it by both linguists and code-breakers. This has led many to label it a hoax, with no meaning, but the sheer volume of content and apparent hints at internal logic to the writing have caused others to defend the manuscript against such accusations.
Simply being unable to decipher communication from an extra-terrestrial source is the most likely problem that would be encountered in an ‘Arrival' situation.
Talking to aliens
So, if communication through written language and deciphering an alien one could prove impossible, could a new language be created for the specific purpose of talking to aliens?
One of the most proactive efforts to communicate with aliens is Lincos, a language created by mathematician Dr Hans Freudenthal in 1960. Lincos was designed to be understood by any intelligent life, regardless of their concept of syntax or language. Lincos takes as a starting point the assumption that any being capable of transmitting or receiving radio transmissions must have some understanding of logic. The language therefore is based around the transmission of information in pulses, as explained through numbers, mathematical concepts such as addition, subtraction, equal to, greater than, etc., and time. Can you tell it was created by a mathematician?
The issue with Lincos is it requires a significant ‘dictionary' to be sent at the start of the transmission to introduce the language, concepts and logic before any message can be transmitted. This means the recipient needs to be extremely patient and logic-orientated to decipher meaning from it.
If you want to see the attractive people of Hollywood go through the same confusion we've faced in this article, ‘Arrival' is in cinemas now.
Meet The Woman Responsible For 3D Optical Illusion 2
As a child, Valerie Thomas became fascinated with the mysteries of technology, tinkering with electronics with her father and reading books on electronics written for adolescent boys. The likelihood of her enjoying a career in science seemed bleak, as her all-girls high school did not push her to take advanced science or math classes or encourage her in that direction. Nonetheless, her curiosity was piqued and upon her graduation from high school, she set out on the path to become a scientist.
Thomas enrolled at Morgan State University and performed exceedingly well as a student, graduating with a degree in physics (one of only two women in her class to do so). She accepted a position with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), serving as a data analyst. After establishing herself within the agency, she was asked to manage the “Landsat” project, an image processing system that would allow a satellite to transmit images from space.In 1976 Thomas attended a scientific seminar where she viewed an exhibit demonstrating an illusion. The exhibit used concave mirrors to fool the viewer into believing that a light bulb was glowing even after it had been unscrewed from its socket. Thomas was fascinated by what she saw, and imagined the commercial opportunities for creating illusions in this manner.
In 1977 she began experimenting with flat mirrors and concave mirrors. Flat mirrors, of course, provide a reflection of an object which appear to lie behind the glass surface. A concave mirror, on the other hand, presents a reflection that appears to exist in front of the glass, thereby providing the illusion that they exist in a three-dimensional manner. Thomas believed that images, presented in this way could provide a more accurate, if not more interesting, manner of representing video data. She not only viewed the process as a potential breakthrough for commercial television, but also as scientific tool for NASA and its image delivery system.
Thomas applied for a patent for her process on December 28, 1978 and the patent was issued on October 21, 1980. The invention was similar to the technique of holographic production of image recording which uses coherent radiation and employs front wave reconstruction techniques which render the process unfeasible due to the enormous expense and complicated setup. Parabolic mirrors, however, can render these optical illusions with the use use of a concave mirror near the subject image and a second concave mirror at a remote site. In the description of her patent, the process is explained. “Optical illusions may be produced by parabolic mirrors wherein such images produced thereby are possessed with three dimensional attributes. The optical effect may be explained by the fact that the human eyes see an object from two view points separated laterally by about six centimeters. The two views show slightly different spatial relationships between near and near distant objects and the visual process fuses these stereoscopic views to a single three dimensional impression. The same parallax view of an object may be experienced upon reflection of an object seen from a concave mirror.” (www.freepatentsonline.com/4229761.html). The Illusion Transmitter would thus enable the users to render three-dimensional illusions in real-time.
Valerie Thomas continued working for NASA until 1995 when she retired. In addition to her work with the Illusion Transmitter she designed programs to research Halley's comet and ozone holes. She received numerous awards for her service, including the GSFC Award of Merit and the NASA Equal Opportunity Medal. In her career, she showed that the magic of fascination can often lead to concrete scientific applications for real-world problem-solving.
article found @http://blackinventor.com/valerie-thomas/
written by Gaius Chamberlain
Here are some tips and tricks to help Mac users adjust to Ubuntu and Linux. I was a die hard Mac user ever since OS X was released in 2001. The combination of a Unix core and real desktop apps was a perfect match for desktop and development. However times change, with Apple's focus on iOS, a world of web based apps, and vast improvements in Linux; it is now easier than ever to fully embrace open source.
This guide is intended for other software engineers as myself, includes mostly pointers and tips and not necessarily step-by-step instructions.. See this Ubuntu Beginner's Guide for a great introduction to Ubuntu and its major pieces.
To note, I now use the standard Ubuntu since 17.10 which uses the GNOME desktop environment as the default, I previously used Ubuntu GNOME which is a fine desktop. So a few items are GNOME specific.
Equivalent Command-line Utilities
The Mac has two great built-in functions pbcopy and pbpaste which allows you to pipe content to and from the clipboard. So you can pipe the output of a command to pbcopy and it will place it in the clipboard, which you can paste elsewhere. Here's the Linux equivalent, which I setup aliases to match:
alias pbcopy="xclip -selection clipboard" alias pbpaste="xclip -selection clipboard -o"
The Mac command open will open a file using its default application, the linux equivalent is simply xdg-open, used the same way. The following will open the image filename.png in the default image viewer.
$ xdg-open filename.png
Package Management
Ubuntu uses apt for package management. If you used Homebrew for install and managing packages, switching from brew to apt is pretty straight-forward.
There are also two new methods for installing software, snap and flatpak. Snap was started a couple years ago by Ubuntu, and Flatpak was created as a more cross platform and open alternative to Snap. It seems to be still early days for both. The Ubuntu Software Center uses Snap which allows you to search and install newer versions than found in the core repository.
Screen Capture
Screenshot
Ubuntu comes with a built-in app called screenshot which you can see the keyboard shortcuts in Settings > Devices > Keyboard
I've mapped my F6 key to select area to grab and save to desktop, by setting the following shortcut command, see -h for all options:
gnome-screenshot -a -f /home/mkaz/Desktop/screenshot.png
Animated GIF
I use Peek to create animate gifs for screen recording, I map F7 to launch Peek. Installation is the easiest by adding their apt repo, instructions below, see their Github page﻿ for more.
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:peek-developers/stable sudo apt install peek
Video
If you want to do longer screen recordings, there is a built-in screen recorder, but it has limited options and controls. I use vokoscreen which isn't too pretty but does a good job, it is included in standard Ubuntu repo, source is also available on Github.
sudo apt install vokoscreen
Color Picker
If you want to lift a color from somewhere on screen, you can use the gpick utility. The package is available in the standard repository. Install: $ apt-get install gpick
How to Install a Font in Ubuntu
If you download a font and want to install it, the simplest way is to place the files in a ~/.fonts directory in your home. You can also use gnome-font-viewer to preview and install.
$ gnome-font-viewer FONTFILE.ttf
Connect to your Android device
There is a new GNOME Extension, GSConnect, which provides a nice integration between your desktop and Android device. You can browse files, use your device as remote control, or even receive notifications.
First, install the KDE Connect app on your Android device, and then the GSConnect extension in Ubuntu. See this article for more or visit the GSConnect extension page.
Time Savers and Shortcuts
Albert Launcher is a great utility for launching apps, performing calculations, and quick productivity actions. It is the Linux equivalent of the Alfred tool on OS X.
TextExpander is another great Mac time saver, the Linux equivalent is AutoKey. AutoKey does a good job expanding text and is also easy to extend. For example you can use the shortcuts to trigger python scripts to do even more.
Install: apt-get install autokey-gtk
Graphics and Media
The latest release of GIMP, v2.10, was a huge leap forward in usability and now a decent replacement for Photoshop, still not quite there, but good enough to avoid the Adobe monthly tax.
Likewise for a Lightroom replacement, there isn't one single tool as good, but enough to avoid. For photo management and browsing, I use Geeqie which is quick and works well. For importing, I use Rapid Photo Downloader, which is a powerful tool for importing.
For photo editing, I'll use a mix of different apps depending on the need. For RAW files, I'll use RawTherapee, but I rarely shoot RAW. Often, I'll just use Google Photos for simple edits, or if I need a bit more I'll use the Polarr app. Polarr started on mobile but is now available on Linux too.
For vector drawing, Inkscape is a good alternate to Sketch, at least for the limited vector work I do.
Applications
There are plenty of cross-platform applications, either native or Electron apps, which work on both platforms. My top apps include Firefox, Simplenote, Visual Studio Code, Mailspring, and Spotify.
Development
Development on Ubuntu is more or less the same as OS X, except much easier to setup in most cases. You can see my init script I run after a fresh install, it sets up everything automatically. For example, here is the Node and Golang install section.
# node cd $HOME/Downloads curl --silent --location https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_10.x | sudo -E bash - sudo apt-get -y install nodejs # golang sudo apt-get -y install golang-go
Cloud Integration
I use Google Suite for Mail, Calendar, and most Office things, there is full integration with Google in GNOME. By setting up Online Accounts, you can sync your calendar, contacts, files, and more. Google Drive can also simply be mounted as a folder you can access.
I don't use Dropbox, but looks like it's available. For sync between computers I use Syncthing which is pretty easy to setup and use; plus it is cross-platform and more secure since everything stays local.
Peripherals
Drivers and support is available for most printers, scanners, and other devices. This has been a non-issue and I find setting up a printer on Linux is easier than Windows or Mac.
I use a Fujitsu ScanSnap for scanning documents and followed the instructions here for setting up which was pretty straight-forward for my model.
Bonus
It's not all about equivalence, Linux and GNOME include extra features and apps that aren't available elsewhere. For one, dark mode themes have been around forever, doesn't require a whole new release like Mojave.
Check out Tilix for an excellent tiling terminal app, I use this daily and it makes tiling different terminal windows a breeze.
Check out GNOME Shell Extensions for a set of customizations and applets to extend the Desktop, I use the OpenWeather app, Proxy Switcher, Places indicator, and the above mentioned Android connect.
Another important utility to install and check out is Tweak Tool, available in standard repo, install using apt install gnome-tweak-tool It provides a nice interface into customization all sorts of different parts of Ubuntu.
Related Links
Ever think about how you've changed over the years? What did the “old you” think, say, and do versus the “new you?” This is something I think about all the time when I'm studying football players.
I remember the first time I saw Terrell Owens as a rookie. He wasn't the rocked-up, raging force of productivity and insecurity that he became, but the quickness, balance, and power was all there. He caught a hitch in the left flat, gave a little shake to avoid the corner, spun off a linebacker's hit, stiff-armed a safety, and carried two more defenders for the first down.
It only took one play and I was sold.
That was the old me–a fan, not a football writer. I'd see something spine-tingling from a player and I'd allow that feeling to wash over me and permeate my entire take. Now, I'm more circumspect about what immediately impresses me.
However, it's not always a good thing. We allow our experiences to filter out too much of what's wondrous and joyful about the world. Sometimes those inexperienced takes get to the core truth in ways that more experienced viewpoints can overanalyze and discard. There's something to maintaining (or maybe the more accurate word is “re-cultivating”) a certain amount of innocence to your internal viewfinder.
Nebraska wide receiver Quincy Enunwa inspires this kind of reflection on my end. When I first watched the Cornhusker wideout tear through a secondary with the ball in his hands, I saw flashes of Terrell Owens. Then I saw Enunwa catch–and drop–the ball with hands techniques that need enough work to have concerns about his game and the ambivalence returns.
Although my RSP ranking of Enunwa reflects more of my ambivalence about his NFL potential, this Boiler Room post encapsulates the receiver's upside with a 35-yard gain through the Purdue Boilermakers' defense in 2013.
When I witness moments like these, I imagine if I was working for an NFL organization creating cut-ups for a personnel director would I include this play as part of a cut-up of highlights? The Boiler Room Series is focused on prospects that I expect to be drafted, and often before the fourth round.
With the depth of this wide receiver class, Enunwa is a player I expect to go after the fourth round. However, I know there are fans of his potential and today I'm going to show you a play that you won't find on a highlight reel on the Internet.
He gained 35 on a 3rd and 5 pass with 2:37 in the half from a 2×2 receiver 10 personnel shotgun set. He was the outside right receiver running a stop route, but he spotted the opening behind the shallow defender and drifted the inside. Enunwa caught the ball over his back shoulder with his hands close to his body just outside the right hash. Good adjustment and catch with his hands. The rest is pure viewing candy (click the enlarge arrow at the bottom right of the video to see this at full size).
Enunwa packs enough athleticism and skill as a ball carrier on a run across the width of the field to evoke memories of a young Terrell Owens or Dez Bryant: burst, jukes, a hurdle, a spin, power, balance, and a couple of stiff arms. It's a play you don't easily forget.
If anything, it's a play that is very difficult to balance with Enunwa's flaws:
Enunwa doesn't catch the ball with his fingertips. But man, you saw him tear through Purdue, right?
Enunwa isn't sharp enough with his turns. Dude, just get him the ball and he'll wreak havoc just like that catch over the middle at Purdue
Enunwa has difficulty tracking short passes. Screw the verticals, just feed him the ball with a running start in the shallow zone and he's money!
The innocent football fan in me says Enunwa will be a good NFL starter. The experienced football writer says Enunwa might be a good NFL starter if he improves his overall game, but it's far from a guarantee. The older–and maybe wiser–analyst says Enunwa can help a team immediately as part of a starting rotation, but if he's going to reach his potential as player difficult to stop on every down he has a lot of work ahead.
But Matt, did you see Enunwa . . .
For analysis of skill players in this year's draft class, download the 2014 Rookie Scouting Portfolio. Better yet, if you're a fantasy owner the 56-page Post-Draft Add-on comes with the 2012 – 2014 RSPs at no additional charge and available for download within a week after the NFL Draft. Best, yet, 10 percent of every sale is donated to Darkness to Light to combat sexual abuse. You can purchase past editions of the Rookie Scouting Portfolio for just $9.95 apiece.
The Atlanta Hawks will be without forward DeMarre Carroll for the second straight game due to a groin injury according to a report by the AJC's Chris Vivlamore.
DeMarre Carroll will be out vs. Heat Friday. #ATLHawks — Chris Vivlamore (@CVivlamoreAJC) November 13, 2014
Carroll suffered the injury in the second half of Monday's win over the New York Knicks. He sat out Wednesday's win over the Utah Jazz with Thabo Sefolosha getting the start in his place. Nothing definitive yet on Mike Scott for Friday's game but it sounds like he is closer to playing that Carroll. Scott suffered a lower back contusion in Monday's game after he was fouled by New York's Amare Stoudemire on a drive to the basket.
Carroll is off to a good start this season averaging 12 points per game on 49 percent shooting. He's knocked down 11-24 three-point attempts so far this season. Sefolosha finished with 10 points and five rebounds on Wednesday but Atlanta's depth will be tested as they attempt to matchup with Miami's Dwyane Wade and Luol Deng on Friday.
UPDATE
The Atlanta Hawks have released an updated injury report and have elevated Mike Scott's status to "probable" for Friday's game for the Heat.
Hulu got more bad news late last week in the form of a patent infringement lawsuit.
Rovi Technologies, a provider of digital home-entertainment products, accused the online video service of infringing on three of its patents related to online TV program guides and search products in a lawsuit filed Thursday in U.S. District Court of Delaware. Rovi, which was formed after Macrovision's acquisition of Gemstar-TV Guide International in 2008, seeks compensation for the alleged infringement as well as attorneys' costs and related fees.
Rovi, which licenses its patents to Apple, Microsoft, Comcast, and DirecTV, said in the lawsuit it initiated discussions with Hulu regarding the patents in 2008 but has been unable to sign Hulu to a patent license.
"Hulu's infringement presents significant and ongoing damages to Rovi's business," the company said in the filing.
Hulu representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The filing comes just two days after Fox Network announced it would begin delaying Web access to many of its popular TV shows from sites such as Hulu to give cable and satellite TV providers greater exclusivity with programming. Fox's de facto pay wall means that fans used to seeing their favorite Fox programs online the day after they air on the network will now have to wait eight days to see episodes of "The Simpsons," "Bones," and "Glee."
Earlier this year Hulu put itself up for sale. Hulu, which is owned jointly by Fox parent News Corp., Walt Disney, Comcast, and equity firm Providence Equity Partners, has reportedly garnered interest from a slew of companies, including Apple, Google, Amazon, and Yahoo.
Albany Housing Authority director Steve Longo (John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union archive) Albany Housing Authority director Steve Longo (John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union archive) Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Albany Housing Authority bans smoking in all units 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Albany
Albany Housing Authority apartments and homes will be smoke-free as of Jan. 1, its board of commissioners voted on Tuesday.
The new policy covers all 2,200 units. Smokers will have to be 25 feet away from the property to have a cigarette, said Steve Longo, the Housing Authority's executive director.
He said the measure is being taken to protect the health of residents who do not want to be exposed to secondhand smoke, which has been linked to serious lung and other medical conditions. Housing Authority units were built four decades ago or more, and they share a common ventilation system.
"The smoke-free policy makes affordable housing both safe and healthy," said Judy Rightmyer, director of the Capital District Tobacco-Free Coalition. "It's going to decrease the amount of fires, and also, for their health, it decreases the amount of secondhand smoke."
Mayor Kathy Sheehan applauded what she called "a victory for people who want to live in a smoke-free environment and have not been able to."
"We know smoking causes health issues, and 4 in 10 people living in public housing are children," the mayor said. "This will certainly help them."
She noted in response to those who may ask, "Why not let people decide what to do in their own homes?" that banning smoking is a trend in both market-rate and government-subsidized housing complexes.
Unlike the phased-in smoke-free program launched in Schenectady two years ago, which was initially implemented only in housing units for seniors, the Albany Housing Authority is instituting the policy in all its units at once, Longo said. Recent surveys from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development show that phased-in programs have been less successful, he said.
Statewide, 34 housing authorities, also including those in Hoosick Falls and Gloversville, have implemented full or partial smoke-free policies in their residences, according to the Tobacco-Free Coalition.
In implementing the policy, Longo said, Albany Housing Authority staff will go door to door, beginning next week, to inform residents of the program and to connect smokers to programs that could help them quit, he said. Literature on smoking-cessation programs and devices like nicotine patches will be available in lobbies. Longo, a former smoker himself, said he understands the power of nicotine addiction.
"I've had a lifelong challenge," he said.
Longo does not believe the policy will make it difficult for low-income people who are unwilling or unable to quit smoking to find housing.
"Society pretty much has come to smoking outdoors," he said. "The majority of the private apartment complexes in the Capital District, you have to go outside to smoke."
Albany parks have been tobacco-free since Jan. 1.
"People can breathe easy in Albany's public parks," council member Dorcey Applyrs said, "and now they can breathe easy in the Albany's public housing."
Applyrs, who sponsored the legislation for tobacco-free city parks, said studies have shown some of the highest hospitalization rates for asthma in Albany are in the South End, where a large proportion of AHA housing is located.
chughes@timesunion.com
DEXTER, Mo. — Standing before about 65 people gathered in the back room of Hickory Log Restaurant and Lounge, Rep. W. Todd Akin nodded to a man in a striped yellow shirt who had raised his hand.
“As a Christian, I want to thank you so much for standing up and for not bowing,” the man said. “I apologize for those who maybe threw you under the bus.”
Mr. Akin interjected — “I'm still holding on to the bumper,” prompting laughter.
The beleaguered Republican hit the campaign trail last week for the first time since the infamous interview that put him at odds with his party's leaders and initially appeared to doom his bid to unseat Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill in Missouri.
Four weeks ago, he told a local television station that women's bodies have ways of rejecting pregnancies if they are victims of “legitimate rape,” prompting wide condemnation from politicians across the political spectrum and leading his party's top officials to demand that he quit the race and let them replace him.
Appalled at his comments and fearing he could cost the party what had been an excellent chance to capture a Democratic seat, the Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee withdrew all financial support.
It was hoping to replace him with one of his two primary opponents, both of whom appeared to have a better chance of beating Ms. McCaskill, according to polls taken even before Mr. Akin's controversial comment.
But the opposition seems to have only energized the six-term congressman from the St. Louis suburbs, who kicked off each of his stump speeches Friday by declaring his independence from the “party bosses.”
“A couple weeks ago, I felt like I parachuted into the middle of a hurricane,” he told the audience at Hickory Log.
He has apologized multiple times for the comment and now says he got the medical facts wrong but insists that bowing out would disenfranchise the Republican voters who chose him in a competitive August primary.
“Over the years I've served in elected office, my rule of thumb has been, ‘What's the principle, what's the right thing to do?' And the dickens with the politics,” he said.
It's a lonely campaign trail for Mr. Akin, with even the state GOP keeping a frigid distance after nearly every major Republican in Washington denounced him for continuing his bid.
Mr. Akin received a warmer reception among local Republican groups that hosted him at campaign stops Friday. Still, party officials acknowledge there has been hesitancy. The Butler County Republican Central Committee rescinded its invitation for him to speak at its Reagan Day festivities.
The decision angered Carol Beam, who serves as the party chairwoman one county over in Stoddard. Ms. Beam said she called Butler County GOP Chairman Eddy Justice when she heard the news.
“I was mad, I was mad, I called Eddy Justice and I was just furious with him,” she said. “But I feel like they're coming around, too.”
The same battle rages in Washington, where some within the religious right are rallying around Mr. Akin.
Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, which sponsors the Values Voter Summit, told reporters last week that Mr. Akin would be addressing the event this past weekend — though the congressman's campaign disputed that, and Mr. Akin did not end up speaking.
Still, Mr. Perkins was effusive in his praise, saying he was “not going to abandon my friend.” He did say, however, that he disagreed with how the congressman “communicated” his message in the interview.
“We're not here to support Republicans or Democrats; we're here to support those who will stand up for life, marriage and the family, and I'm disappointed in some in the political establishment who are quick to cut and run when somebody gets in trouble,” Mr. Perkins said.
Mr. Akin has ground to make up at home, having seen a lead in the polls evaporate. The Real Clear Politics average of polls in the race now shows Ms. McCaskill leading by 5.3 percentage points.
The congressman started off Friday in Butler County, where he stumped at the Gamma HealthCare center in Poplar Bluff, followed by stops in Dexter, Sikeston and Cape Girardeau, spending the day in the southeastern part of the state.
He stuck to a similar speech outline: denouncing the party establishment, then switching to attack Ms. McCaskill over taxes, abortion, the Wall Street bailout and the national health care law, while highlighting his conservative voting record.
“Sometimes in politics you've got Tweedledee and Tweedledum and you say, ‘I don't want one of these, I don't want either one of them,'” he said. “Let me tell you, you've got a choice between me and Claire McCaskill.”
Mr. Akin defended his decision to keep mentioning his comments about rape, saying he needs to explain to voters why he has chosen to continue running. But his repeated references to the incident have raised eyebrows among some Republicans who say he needs to make the campaign about Ms. McCaskill if he wants any chance of gaining back his lost ground before November.
“Far be it from me to give advice to the congressman who's running for senator,” said Steve Cookson, a state representative who introduced Mr. Akin in Poplar Bluff. “I think, though, the quicker we can put it in the past — there's an old saying that today's news is tomorrow's bird cage liner. Let it be bird cage liner, and let's move on.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Hello all!
This post is going to be about a project which formed part of my Word Bearers 2,500 point Legiones Astartes & Demons project - and is something of a centrepiece model in that force.
I'm talking about the Bloodthirster of Khorne!
Fluff wise, including this guy in my force was a bit of a no brainer. My concept for the WB army is up-front and close-combat oriented, which meant Khorne as the allied demon contingent… and a Bloodthirster is the ultimate Khorne demon. I am running it as the HQ choice in my Allied Detachment of Demons, alongside a Demon Prince, some Khorne Hounds, and some Bloodletters.
It's intended to be an in-your-face distracton threat, slamming into high value infantry targets or light vehicles.
Lore & Background
Bloodthirsters in the fluff are killing machines which embody what Khorne is about. They are the Greater Demon aligned with Khorne - as compared to the Great Unclean One, Lord of Change and Keeper of Secrets.
They are towering beasts with canine faces, brass armour and huge leathery wings. They typically wield a huge whip, and immense axes.
In the background they are organised into eight ‘hosts' of varying priestige and power - this is reflected on the tabletop by different types of Bloodthirster, such as the Bloodthirster of Insensate Rage or Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fury.
These guys are no joke on the battlefield and can trouble Primarchs - one of the iconic tales in the Heresy is Ka'Bandha vs Sanguinius at the gates of the Imperial Palace (spoiler - Ka'Bandha doesn't come out on top in that one!). They typically lead Khorne hordes, and seek out the most powerful foes on the battlefield to demonstrate their martial prowess.
The Model
So it made sense for me to include one of these in my army. They're cool, and iconic.
When I was originally coming up with the army concept, GW had a relatively old model for the Bloodthirster - frankly, it was showing its age. I wasn't too keen to use it, so I started shopping around for alternatives - either from Forge World, or from third party retailers.
GW then dropped their new Bloodthirster model… and this thing was a beauty.
This could make three variants of Bloodthirster (really the difference was their weaponry). It looked pretty nice, but frankly I wasn't that convinced… as I had found a better version!
This is Krull, from the Mierce Miniatures Banelords line of models. It was slightly more expensive than the GW Bloodthirster, and resin. I managed to snag it for a decent discount on their Black Friday sale… and started the build.
I also preferred Krull as it tied into my Demon Prince model - also from the Mierce Miniatures range, which is the model for Malacant.
The Build
This model is frankly enormous. I debated about magnetisation (of the wings for example), or painting it in sub assemblies. Eventually I just decided to bite the bullet and pin it all together and then paint it, utilising a Zenithal pre-shading and inking technique alongside working with metallics on the armour. This was simpler in some ways, but has made storage a bit of a pain!
The build took a couple of days. The casts were good, and the casting gates were generally in the right places - except for the wings which took a lot of work to align. I had to do some gap filling, but nothing you wouldn't expect on a comparable FW model.
Once it was built, I mounted it on the base and then planned the paint scheme. Thankfully this was relatively simple as I would be doing essentially a similar job as I had done on the Demon Prince, which made things a bit easier.
Painting
I started by airbrushing pre-shading onto the miniature. I used four different colours (from the Army Painter range) - black all over, then dark grey at a 0-degree angle, light grey at a 45-degree angle, and then white at a 90-degree angle (i.e. straight down).
This produced a decent result - enough subtlety of the shadowing to make the inking stand out.
I then resolved to paint it from the bottom up… in retrospect this might not have been the best idea, but once I'd started it was too late to stop!
Once I had done the hooves and lower legs I based it - I utilised GW Astrogranite texture paint, which was inked with a heavy dose of Drakenhof Nightshade, and then drybrushed with some grey. I chucked a bit of base scatter on there as well.
The majority of the painting was done with inks - both GW and Army Painter shades. I did approximately 3 coats of ink where the shading had to be tinted, and it came out great. The wings, which are a lighter colour, were simply one coat of red ink - this gives you an idea of how the multiple layers of ink changed the colouring.
The metallics were done by thin layers of either Ironbreaker, or Dwarf Bronze followed by Auric Gold, and then heavy treble washes of Nuln Oil or Seraphim Sepia, depending on the metal type.
The end result took probably two weeks of painting on and off - it was quite exhausting!
Once it was done I then examined it in detail through photographs and angles to work out if I'd missed anything and did a bit of touching up - e.g. where ink had pooled oddly or not covered properly. This took another couple of nights. I then did the base rim, and worked some technical paints (Blood for the Blood God - appropriate!) onto the miniature to add a bit of interesting sheen and blood to it.
The end result is something I am very happy with, and can't wait to use on the tabletop!
The only problem, to be frank, is transport… this thing is enormous, and transporting it is not easy! At the moment its sitting in a cardboard box wrapped in bubble wrap, and I hope to work out a more permanent solution (such as a KR case) soon - the problem is it is oddly shaped, to be frank.
It has, at the time of writing, not been used in a game yet (I have 30 Assault Marines to build and paint…) but I'm sure when it does it will reap a bloody tally for the Blood God (or die turn 1 to plasma fire).
Blood for the Blood God! Skulls for the Skull Throne!
Until next time…
A
Dear Prudence, 18 June 2013:
Q. My wife and I just learned our daughter and her husband have decided to divorce. It's for a reason discussed here before—he wants children, she doesn't. We're stunned and hurt because he was up-front about this and she has come to a conclusion which we feel is more about her social lifestyle than parenting. But it is what it is and it is her choice. Problem is that we've been crazy about the young man from the first time we met him (he's everything you dreamed of your daughter marrying, i.e. funny, successful, outgoing) and now we are experiencing an incredible sense of loss. It just sounds too weird to think of trying to maintain a relationship with him, after all he's got time to go meet someone else, marry, and have a family, and our daughter would never forgive us. But we're experiencing severe depression over this, to the point where we're actually communicating less with our daughter who we believe is the unreasonable party in this case. What should we do to go on from here?
Dear Soon-To-Be-Former In-Law,
Your daughter should have children against her will so that you can keep hanging out with your awesome son-in-law, the light of your life, a man whose reproductive desires should be accommodated by your daughter, a person you believe is too shallow to appreciate the value of child-rearing in the first place.
How heartbreaking it must be to have an adult daughter who doesn't plan on using her body to produce the grandchildren you deserve. Would that she could see what you see, which is: her uterus, with a baby in it, just for you and the man who gives her value in your opinion!
What a loss for you–not only is your unreasonable daughter making foolish decisions about her future such that she and her soon-to-be-ex husband can fulfill their life goals as they see fit without enduring a lifetime of resentment and misery surrounding a situation in which there is no compromising, but she's totally ignoring how her parents feel about the function and purpose of her reproductive organs.
Badger and guilt your daughter until she becomes the loving, doting grandbaby factory you know she can be. If she doesn't (literally) deliver? Continue to dote on your ex-son-in-law; that way your daughter can really see the effort her mom and dad have put into parenting.
The House Natural Resources Committee ripped outdoor retailer Patagonia on Friday, saying the company was lying to the public about President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's decision to cut the size of two national monuments in Utah.
The committee tweeted out an image that mocked Patagonia's announcement that it would sue the administration over the decision.
"The assertion that 'the president stole your land' is designed to mislead and terrify the uninformed. Their deception speaks volumes about their contempt for rural Americans in Utah," the committee said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Of course, Patagonia, a self-interested corporation like any other, knows the truth, but they don't care. Lies and distortions are better for their bottom line," the statement said.
Trump announced on Monday he would shrink the size of the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante national monuments. He argued that Utahans have asked for the change. Patagonia, though, claims the move is "illegal."
"We've fought to protect these places since we were founded and now we'll continue that fight in the courts," Patagonia CEO Rose Marcario said in a statement.
The American Civil Liberties Union on Wednesday filed a lawsuit in the Minnesota Supreme Court to challenge a voter ID amendment they claim is misleading to voters.
“This ballot proposal is incredibly troubling because it asks voters to put an amendment in the constitution in a manner that is misleading, confusing and unclear,” said Charles Samuelson, Executive Director of the ACLU-MN. “Voting is one of the most important rights we have, and this amendment aims to take away that right from the most vulnerable, under the guise of a seemingly innocuous photo ID requirement.”
Residents in Minnesota will decide this November whether voters must show government-issued photographic identification before casting a ballot. However, the ballot question only mentions a “valid ID” and does not specify that it must be a government-issued ID. It also incorrectly describes who has to present an ID before voting and fails to mention the new provisional ballot system, according to the ACLU.
The proposed constitutional amendment passed by a party-line vote in the Senate in April, with Democrats opposing the measure. Republicans said the proposed amendment would protect against voter fraud, but Democrats accused it of being a solution in search of a problem that could disenfranchise legitimate voters.
“The Minnesota State Legislature isn't telling voters the truth about its proposed photo ID requirement for voting, and they have a right to know,” said Jon Sherman, staff attorney with the ACLU Voting Rights Project. “Not only is this part of a wave of laws that have already had a severe impact on the right to vote nationwide, but this particular amendment effectively spells the end of Election Day registration, which significantly increases turnout.”
The lawsuit was filed on behalf of the League of Women Voters Minnesota, Jewish Community Action and Common Cause Minnesota, in addition to five individual plaintiffs.
15 Reasons to Date a Barista
One thing we can say with absolute certainty: People in our society LOVE their coffee. It seems to be the fuel that keeps us chugging along. What's more, coffeehouses in every community have become the gathering places for people to meet friends, study, journal, read, or just hang out and watch the world go by.
Which brings us to the all-important men and women who prepare and serve up coffee, tea, pastries, and muffins: Baristas. Those drink-dispensing folks bring many attributes not only to the coffeehouse but to relationships as well. In fact, the same skills and qualities that make a barista an indispensible part of our daily routine translate nicely into romantic relationships…including these:
1. If you are among the millions of people who love coffee drinks, teas, and other beverages, imagine the recommendations you'll be given, the free samples you'll receive, and the concoctions you'll be treated to right in your own kitchen.
2. Baristas are upbeat and friendly people, ready with a smile and warm greeting.
3. A barista must have exceptional listening skills—not only to get orders right, but also because of the many customers looking for an empathic person to hear them talk.
4. Along with listening skills, a barista must be a skilled conversationalist, able to make small talk and dialogue with people all day.
5. Baristas are hard-working and industrious…or else they wouldn't be a barista for very long.
6. Baristas know how to multi-task, often doing many things at the same time—taking orders, making coffee drinks, using the drive-thru headset, mopping up spills, and stocking the pastry case.
7. These individuals are service-oriented, helpful, and eager to please—qualities that would enrich a dating relationship.
8. Baristas have fascinating stories to tell. With the many characters they meet each day and the lively atmosphere they work in, you're sure to hear intriguing anecdotes and revelations on your dates.
9. What besides coffee drinks are coffeehouses known for? Music. Besides coffee expertise, your barista-lover can recommend funky, unusual music to expand your tastes.
10. Baristas know how to handle stress. Somehow they keep cool during the morning coffee rush hour and while dealing with difficult customers.
11. They have good memories—not only for remembering drink orders, but also to provide customer service by remembering names and important facts about people.
12. Baristas must be organized, with strong time-management skills.
13. With the stream of people they meet, baristas get acquainted with doctors, accountants, plumbers, mechanics, and lots of others. These contacts will come in handy if you ever need a recommendation.
14. Baristas arrive home at the end of the day smelling of coffee. Go ahead, breathe deeply.
15. In addition to coffee preparation, baristas know how to clean—counters, dishes, floors, equipment. That's an attribute most people would love to have in a partner.
Why else should one consider dating a barista?
Blurry photos, awful filters, snatched seconds of dance-floor action - it must be another controversial Rob Ford night out, this one in a Coquitlam, B.C. bar while in town to attend a memorial service for a family friend.
The photos began to appear when Ford and long-time friend and former logistics director David Price were ticketed $109 each by an RCMP officer at a busy intersection for disobeying a pedestrian sign, Global News reports.
Ford is in British Columbia with Price to attend the funeral of Price's mother.
Ford told the Toronto Sun's Joe Warmington that he was "speechless" and "perplexed" by the tickets, which he called "a waste of taxpayer's money." Ford said the pair were heading to a Chinese restaurant when the incident occurred and denied the pair were intoxicated.
Pictures that appear to be taken later that night show the mayor on the dance-floor, posing with drinkers at The Foggy Dew, an Irish-themed pub a five-minute walk from where the tickets were issued.
Here are the highlights, if you can call them that.
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow him on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Images: Instagram.
Eric Zuesse
A much-ignored huge news report from Reuters on Friday, February 27th, was headlined “Chinese diplomat tells West to consider Russia's security concerns over Ukraine.”
China's Ambassador to Belgium (which has the capital of the EU) said that the “nature and root cause” of the Ukrainian conflict is “the West,” and that “The West should abandon the zero-sum mentality, and take the real security concerns of Russia into consideration.”
By “real security concerns,” he is clearly referring to NATO's expansion right up to Russia's border, and America's surrounding Russia with U.S. military bases, now increasingly including the most strategic of Russia's bordering countries: Ukraine.
In other words, this diplomat says: “the West” has a “zero-sum” attitude toward Russia, instead of seeking to move forward with an approach in which neither side among the nuclear superpowers benefits at the other's expense — the entire world moves forward together.
This is a direct criticism of Barack Obama, and of all of the pro-Obama, anti-Putin, EU leaders.
It's also an implicit repudiation of Obama's having repeatedly referred to the U.S. as “the one indispensable nation.” (Another example of that phrase is here.) Obama keeps saying: every other nation, except the U.S., is “dispensable.” He clearly thinks that Russia is.
That's not merely an insult: it's an act of provocation; it is virtually asking for a fight. And all for what? For whose nuclear char?
This criticism of the aggressive nationalist Obama does not come from China's top leadership, but it would not have come at all if they had not approved of it in advance.
China thus now tells Obama: Stop it. Stop it in word, and in deed.
Implicitly, China is also telling Obama: China is not dispensable, either. In fact, the entire mentality, which Obama embodies, is not just callous and insulting; it's dangerous.
Like President G.W. Bush, Obama is increasingly an embarassment to his country.
Shortly before Obama's coup in Ukraine, Gallup International issued, on 30 December 2013, a poll of 65 countries, which found that:
“The US was the overwhelming choice (24% of respondents) for the country that represents the greatest threat to peace in the world today. This was followed by Pakistan (8%), China (6%), North Korea, Israel and Iran (5%). Respondents in Russia (54%), China (49%) and Bosnia (49%) were the most fearful of the US as a threat.”
More details of that poll were reported here.
When the U.S. Government is hankering for a war with the only other nuclear superpower, such findings certainly make sense. And the 54% of Russians who cited the U.S. as the greatest threat to peace would probably be far higher today. But Gallup International didn't publish any update on that poll-question, perhaps because the original financial backer (which was unnamed) wouldn't fund it.
Already, the finding was bad enough. But Obama keeps calling the U.S. “the one indispensable nation in the world.” He keeps telling other nations: you are dispensable. He keeps rubbing it in — not the fact, but his own nationalism.
It reminds some people of Mussolini, and of Hitler. But Obama pretends to be a democrat, not a fascist.
Maybe he's just a bigger liar than they were. Maybe that's what he is so arrogant about: his terrific ability to deceive.
After all, he won the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize for it: for lying. For misrepresenting himself as being progressive, instead of regressive.
Well, now: anyone who doesn't know the reality is deluded by propaganda — and it's not coming from Russia, nor from China. It's coming from their own nation's ‘news' media.
Which heads-of-state want to be publicly associated with a foreign leader like that, one who tells the given leader's public: your nation is dispensable. Fools. Only fools.
Obama is encouraging other countries to oppose the United States.
Wow. He's the black George W. Bush.
(image: salon.com)
———-
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of They're Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of CHRIST'S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.
PITTSBURGH -- Steelers outside linebacker Jarvis Jones has been diagnosed with a concussion, putting his availability for Sunday in question.
According to a team spokesman, doctors tested Jones Monday after he alerted them of lingering headaches and treated him for a possible concussion.
Jones did not practice Wednesday and his appearance on the injury report came as a bit of a surprise since coach Mike Tomlin did not include the Steelers' first-round pick in the injury update he provided Tuesday at his weekly news conference.
I'll have an update on Jones following Thursday's practice.
Jones has started the past four games at right outside linebacker, and his pressure on Jets quarterback Geno Smith in the fourth quarter last Sunday resulted in a Lawrence Timmons interception that sealed the Steelers' 19-6 win.
If Jones is unable to play, Jason Worilds will start at right outside linebacker.
Worilds is coming off his best game of the season as he recorded his first sacks of the season and was third on the Steelers in tackles as they kept the Jets out of the end zone.
Jones, who replaced Worilds in the starting lineup after the first game, has 14 tackles and three quarterback pressures. The former Georgia star is also tied for the team lead with four special-teams tackles.
The annual Nations in Transit 2014 report shows how governments have changed in the countries of central and eastern Europe that were once part of the USSR
Eastern Europe has suffered a sharp democratic decline in the last year, according to a new report by Freedom House.
Since 1995, the US-based non-governmental organisation has been producing Nations in Transit report series has monitored democratic development from central Europe to central Asia, focusing on countries that are undergoing significant reform or turmoil.
Covering 29 countries, this year's report provides comparative ratings and in-depth analysis of local and national democratic governance in the post-communist world.
The report opens with the assertion that:
Throughout 2013, governments across the former Soviet space worked to shut off the remaining oxygen supply to their democratic institutions
As in every year for the past 10 years the average democracy score for the region declined in 2013, with 16 countries suffering downgrades, five improving, and eight not registering an overall score change.
The democracy ratings are based on a scale of one to seven, with one representing the highest level of democratic progress and seven the lowest. The 2014 ratings reflect the period from 1 January to 31 December 2013
Though Russia no longer exerts direct control over eastern European countries as part of the USSR, it is the largest country in the region and is a central player in many key political disputes such as control over natural gas supplies and the ongoing situation in Ukraine.
Corruption increased in eight of the 29 countries surveyed, with five of those being European Union members. With 10 EU member states included in the report, a striking half of them have worsened in the corruption stakes in the past year.
In a sliver of light among the gloom, the report noted strong responses from civil society to the region's declining adherence civil society. But in the longer term the Balkans is still the only region of the area studied which shows improvements in civil society over the last decade.
This is the 18th year that Freedom House, an internationally recognised independent NGO, has compiled the report on post-communist democratic governance. The organisation also produces influential annual reports Freedom in the World and Freedom of the Press – based in part on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Nations in Transit report keeps indicators consistent each year, so as to allow comparisons from year to year. You can find the 2014 scores by category in the table below. Scroll the bar to see all the indicators. Alternatively, you can access the data over time in the downloadable spreadsheet.
Download the data
• DATA: download the full spreadsheet
More open data
Data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian
Development and aid data
• Search the world's global development data with our gateway
Can you do more with this data?
• Contact us at data@theguardian.com
• Follow us on Twitter
• Like us on Facebook
We're back from Anime Central with tales of our BIZARRE adventure!
ACEN celebrated its 20th show this weekend and it did not disappoint. Thanks to all the great fans, our booth was always bumpin'! The panels full of energy and the excitement definitely rippled through us!
If you came by our booth, you could have snagged some awesome treats. Were you able to get some for yourself?
We also had a FANTASTIC artist, Eric from Pepper Ink, who embarked on the monumental task of creating a special JOJO'S BIZARRE ADVENTURE chalk art to celebrate the Phantom Blood and Battle Tendency arcs coming to Blu-ray this July. He persevered through callouses and near-bloody fingers to bring the Joestars to life in just a few short days. Let's look at some of the progress!
The HUGE JOJO'S BIZARRE ADVENTURE chalk art by @pepperink at #ACen2017 is ready to launch! See the LE set here https://t.co/3h73mtB4Va pic.twitter.com/avQ0X7Elsx — VIZ Media (@VIZMedia) May 21, 2017
It was HUUUUUGE! Here's the artist and me for scale.
Speaking of the Blu-ray, JOJO'S fans have been very curious about the release (which you can pre-order on RightStuf right now)! Because you guys are the best, I have a few more images of the set for you.
First up is the front of the Limited Edition set as it appears on shelf. The sticker is on the shrink wrap and the Blu-ray bar and bottom are a part of a light cardboard wraparound that comes off.
Here's the front of the foil overlaid chipboard case:
Here's the back of the Limited Edition chipboard case:
. . .and finally, the cover of the 168-page booklet which features episode summaries, comments from the director, and loads of art, storyboards and more!
You can check out more art and the trailer in this post as well!
It was a great convention and we can't wait to come back to see you all again in the Midwest! Thanks to all who attended our panels, came to the booth or just gave hi-fives. See you at the next convention SOON!
A top referee was banned by the GAA from wearing the gay pride rainbow wristband at tonight's big match in Croke Park.
A top referee was banned by the GAA from wearing the gay pride rainbow wristband at tonight's big match in Croke Park.
Inter-county official Davy Gough, who is openly gay, wanted to wear the wristband as he officiated at the crunch Allianz football League match under lights between Dublin and Tyrone.
He planned to make the gesture to highlight the issues of homophobia and equality in sport as well as making a personal call for a “yes” vote in the May Referendum on same-sex civil marriage.
But while the GAA initially supported the idea, association chiefs later vetoed the plan because they felt wearing the rainbow wristband, a potent symbol of diversity within the gay community, was “a political act.”
Mr Gough, a 31-year-old teacher tipped as a future All-Ireland final referee, said he was “dismayed and disappointed” by the veto which, he said, “let down” the many gay members of the association.
A spokesman for the GAA told the Sunday Independent that the decision was “black and white.”
“The GAA is apolitical and does not allow political gestures at our games. Once the referendum was called and the people are asked to vote then it becomes political,” said spokesman Alan Milton.
Mr Gough said he was disappointed but had no option but to adhere to the ban.
“I suppose that in the current climate it was simply my gesture of support for same-sex civil marriage but mostly to raise the issue of equality and homophobia in sport.”
Read Jerome Reilly for full story and interview in tomorrow's Sunday Independent.
Online Editors
Climate Groups Retool Argument For Global Warming
toggle caption Luis Perez/AFP/Getty Images
The number of Americans who believe that global warming is a scientific fact has been dropping, and environmental groups and climate scientists who say the evidence for warming is clear are scratching their heads over this reversal and scrambling to find a new strategy.
Three years ago, former Vice President Al Gore won a Nobel Prize for publicizing the threat of climate change with his book and documentary film, An Inconvenient Truth. After that, scientists rejoiced, says Dan Lashof, director of the Climate Center at the Natural Resources Defense Council, an environmental group.
"We in the scientific community by and large said OK, the science debate is over, we are moving our efforts into what we are going to do about it. And that left the science debate in the public largely untended," he says. "That has been recognized as a strategic error."
They hadn't won. Climate skeptics worked to convince the public that the scientific argument for climate change was dodgy and exaggerated. The debate sometimes got hostile and personal, as it did in an exchange between climate skeptic Mark Morano and climate activist Joe Romm.
Even Gore's Nobel Prize hasn't earned him deference from skeptics, as he found when testifying at this hearing before Republican Congressman Joe Barton in March 2007:
Soul-Searching
So now climate activists are doing some soul-searching about where they've gone wrong. For one thing, they've been preaching to the choir. Opinion polls show that attitudes about climate change increasingly fall along political lines: Conservatives are more likely to be skeptics; liberals to be believers.
Climate scientist Richard Somerville, at the University of California, San Diego, says scientists aren't welcome among some conservatives.
"They don't want to hear about it from scientists who they regard as opposed to them on many, many wedge issues -- abortion and stem cells or evolution and creationism," he says.
And then there's the message: Alden Meyer, with the Union of Concerned Scientists, says climate activists need to offer solutions, not just problems. But old habits are hard to break.
"If you offer people only the bad news and the dire straits and no prospect of being able to address it, there's a natural human tendency to deny the reality of the problem because they don't want to believe there's no way out and we're doomed," Meyer says.
But there are also environmental scientists who think the threat has been exaggerated.
"By focusing always on these extreme threats, I think they lost their credibility," says Ken Green, an environmental scientist and resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. "I mean, historically they have doom-sayers, they keep getting it wrong, and people keep seeing that they're getting it wrong."
Finally, there's the economy.
"When people feel less wealthy, they are less inclined to listen to arguments that they need to spend more money. It also may mean doubting the person who's saying let's spend more money," Green says.
Local Angle
So far, there's lots of talk about what to do. One group that's already changing its tune is the Nature Conservancy. It's now run by a former Goldman Sachs executive, Mark Tercek, who says the Conservancy's message is going to show that protecting the climate isn't just about saving polar bears -- it's local.
"We're talking about protecting what people need from nature -- clean water, clean air, good food," he says -- all things that could suffer as the climate warms.
As for the messenger -- well, the Conservancy just hired a new marketing director -- from the professional wrestling business.
The original members of shoegaze pioneers Medicine have reunited for their first album in 18 years. (Their 2003 album The Mechanical Forces of Love was just the duo of Brad Laner and Shannon Lee.) To the Happy Few is out August 6 via Captured Tracks. (Captured Tracks previously embarked on an extensive Medicine reissue campaign.) Check out "Long as the Sun" above.
Since they split in 1995, the members of the band have kept busy. Laner has worked with Brian Eno, M83, and Caribou, and released records under the name Electric Company. Beth Thompson made a collaborative album as the Shway. Jim Goodall worked with his band Jon Wayne (who had an album reissued by Jack White's Third Man label) and toured as a member of Whitehouse.
Here's the artwork for the single:
‘”Business!” cried the Ghost, wringing his hands again. “Mankind was my business. The common welfare was my business; charity, mercy, forbearance, and benevolence were all my business. The dealings of my trade were but a drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business!”‘ – A Christmas Carol, Charles Dickens
I know, I know. I'm old. Worse than that, I'm nostalgic. In the past few months, I've written about my love for fountain pens, and traditional publishers, and paper books, and handwritten letters, and live theater, and downtown Las Vegas. Those who follow me on Twitter will have read about my enthusiasm for the New York Times Crossword, and hotel writing paper, and socializing with friends sans mobile phones.
It's cute to be the token Luddite at TechCrunch — but it's also hugely disingenuous. I'm writing this stuff on Twitter, and on a hugely popular technology blog. You could cut the irony with a knife.
The truth is, I love technology. It's rare that I dismiss or disparage a new gadget, app or company without trying it out at least once; and I certainly believe that – on balance – the more technologically advanced we become as a society, the better the world becomes.
And yet increasingly I wonder whether, for the sake of humanity, it might not be a bad thing if the earthquake comes and tips all web 2.0 into the sea.
I should possibly explain.
The Internet — particularly “web 2.0”, with its communities and tagging and reuniting and friending and liking — was supposed to civilize us all. The idea was that by connecting the whole world through a variety of social networks and crowd-sourced standards of behavior (from reputation scores on eBay to Yelp reviews for dog walkers) – people would be driven to greater empathy for, and responsibility towards their fellow man. When Randi Zuckerberg sat on stage at DLD '08 and told us the story of the Palestinian and Israeli children brought together through their joint membership of a Facebook group about soccer, we all shed a tear. Web 2.0 is working — it's really working!
In the early days, the entrepreneurs behind these services really seemed to believe the gospel they were preaching. Anyone who has met Craig Newmark will testify that he lives and breathes customer service — turning down acquisition offers and obsessing over how his eponymous List can help connect communities in ways that enrich society. When they invented Google, Larry Page and Sergey Brin really did dream about making the world's data easier to access. Jimmy Wales, for all of his fixation with personal celebrity, really is passionate about a free and open encyclopedia, and has turned down a large amount of personal profit to realize that dream.
At first, Web 2.0 seemed like a perfect two-way street. Brilliant entrepreneurs who genuinely wanted to change the world built services that we all wanted to use. They became rich, and our lives became better connected. We were all in it together.
Fast forward just a handful of years, though, and something has gone very, very wrong with that particular social contract. We users have kept our side of the bargain — dutifully tagging our friends in artificially-aged photos, and checking in at bars, and writing reviews of restaurants. We've canceled our newspaper subscriptions, and instead spend our days clicking on slideshows of “celebrities who look like their cats” or obsessively tracking trending topics on Twitter. We've stopped buying books published by professional houses and instead reward authors who write, edit and distribute their own electronic works through self-publishing platforms. We've even handed the keys to our cars and our homes to strangers.
On the face of it, the entrepreneurs have continued down the same track too: inventing ever more Disruptive companies to further improve the world, and in doing so enjoying multi-billion dollar valuations and all the trappings of fame and fortune. Even richer have grown the angels, super-angels and VCs who carefully nurture young entrepreneurs, molding them into the next breed of Mark Zuckerbergs and Sean Parkers, reminding their charges that “what's cool” is a billion dollars — and that every new user acquired is another dollar added to their eventual high score.
And yet. AND YET. You only have to look at a couple of mini-outrages that bubbled up in the past few days to realize just how misaligned the interests of some entrepreneurs have become with those of the human beings they rely on for their success.
This time last week, the musical world mourned the death of Amy Winehouse. Almost immediately, the Huffington Post approved a post by unpaid contributor, Tricia Fox, entitled “Amy Winehouse's Untimely Death Is a Wake-Up Call for Small Business Owners“. We were all shocked, of course, by the callousness and cynicism of the headline — but we weren't really surprised. We take it for granted now that the most popular online publications rely on search engine traffic for their survival. We know that, in many cases, “content” sites don't employ editors to monitor what appears on their pages — and that those editors who are employed are encouraged to blindly approve any headline that name-checks a trending topic or two. Arianna Huffington talks a good talk about the democratization of journalism — but every so often we are reminded of the grimy truth: making money with online content is a question of attracting millions of eyeballs, whatever the moral cost.
An even more grotesque example of this was this week's Airbnb scandal — the so-called #ransackgate (ugh).
Having been convinced by the company's mantra of throwing open our doors to the world for monetary reward, a user by the name of “EJ” was shocked when a stranger comprehensively trashed her home. We'll have to await the outcome of the police investigation to understand what really happened to EJ's apartment, but what we know for sure is that Airbnb's immediate, and subsequent, reaction was grotesque in its inhumanity. I'm not talking about the company's initial apparent unwillingness to pay compensation — I'm talking about the behavior of the (unnamed) co-founder who wrote to EJ and asked her to remove her blog post about the incident, lest it affect the company's ability to raise millions more dollars. From EJ's blog…
‘I received a personal call from one of the co-founders of Airbnb. We had a lengthy conversation, in which he indicated having knowledge of the (previously mentioned) person who had been apprehended by the police, but that he could not discuss the details or these previous cases with me, as the investigation was ongoing. He then addressed his concerns about my blog post, and the potentially negative impact it could have on his company's growth and current round of funding. During this call and in messages thereafter, he requested that I shut down the blog altogether or limit its access, and a few weeks later, suggested that I update the blog with a “twist” of good news so as to “complete[s] the story”'.
Meanwhile, behind the scenes, we also know for sure that investors in the company leaned on publications like TechCrunch to stop reporting the story. Their ludicrous wail of protest: AIRBNB IS RUN BY NICE GUYS! IT'S NOT FAIR TO CALL THEM OUT WHEN THEY SCREW UP!
The question of whether Airbnb is run by nice guys is irrelevant. For all I know CEO Brian Chesky is a modern day Mother Theresa who had to break off his important work curing kitten cancer to deal with this growing PR nightmare. What's relevant — and all too obvious — is that good old Brian and his co-founders stand to make millions, if not billions, of dollars from the success of Airbnb. His investors stand to make even more. That kind of wealth can easily drive the most saintly of us to behave in inhuman ways — to become so remote from reality and humanity that users like EJ become (at best) PR problems to be solved and (at worst) irrelevant pieces of data; eyeballs or clicks or room nights to be monitized in the pursuit of an ever greater exit.
And therein lies the real problem of web 2.0 — whether it takes the form of SEO-driven “news” or crowd-sourced accommodation. To make money — real money — at this game you have to attract millions, or tens of millions, of users. And when you're dealing with those kinds of numbers, it's literally impossible not to treat your users as pieces of data. It's ironic, but depressingly unsurprising, that web 2.0 is using faux socialization and democratization to create a world where everyone is reduced to a number on a spreadsheet.
Sarah Lacy has written about how many of the current breed of silicon valley wunderkinds have been conditioned to behave like the movie version of Mark Zuckerberg, eschewing humanity and decency for personal profit and glory. Nothing either she nor I can write will reverse the trend — there's simply too much money and power at stake. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't loudly call bullshit on those who use words like “disruption” and “revolution” and “democratization” as cynical marketing buzzwords simply to line their own pockets, only to retreat behind the barricades when the going gets rough. And it doesn't mean we shouldn't mourn a not-too-distant past where technology entrepreneurs created things to make the world a better or more interesting place, not just because they wanted to make a billion dollars.
And above all, it doesn't mean we shouldn't remind the current breed of entrepreneurs and investors that, in the final analysis, a billion dollars isn't actually all that cool. What's cool is keeping your soul, whatever the financial cost.
26 AUG 3301
Athena System Hosts ‘XYZ Fight Club'
The popular gladiatorial tournament known as the ‘XYZ Fight Club' took place again this weekend. Our reporters were ringside for the spectacle. Pilots descended on Athena, pitting dog-fighting skills against one another in both light and medium ships.
Criminals targeting participant Commander Angel Rose marred the start of the event and forced an evacuation of Darboux Orbital, but Commanders Rhea and Lynk1973 ensured that contingency arenas allowed combatants and spectators to avoid further harassment.
Commanders Bodmans, Danten and Old Sauveur dominated play for the light rounds – fast-paced jousting with no shortage of collisions. Commanders DJTruthsayer, Estelath, Ace Rimzy and Jankster gave solid performances, but were knocked out.
The light semi-finals saw Bodmans – recent champion of the Sol Grand Prix – facing off against Commander Rainy Day in close-quarters knife-fighting. Rainy Day spent chaff and shield-cells before Bodmans delivered the deathblow – a barrage of missile-fire – that delighted the audience.
Medium-class contents continued into the night, involving Couriers, Vipers, and Diamondback Scouts. Commander Synaptic made notable use of their DBS-stealth capabilities to evade missile-fire, but eventually succumbed to their opponent's attacks.
Angel Rose's Viper took on Commander Louise of Darkwater's Courier. Audiences watching the event live cheered the commander from Slough Orbital, but it was not enough to protect her from her opponent's rail-fire as a victorious Louise of Darkwater moved into the later rounds.
Showing impressive skill in the marathon tournament, the same pair of combatants managed to reach the finals for both classes. Bodmans and Old Sauveur intitially exchanged fire in Eagles, with Old Sauveur proving victorious in the fast-paced battle through a well-timed use of shield cells. Going head-to-head in Couriers to decide the victor of the medium heats, Bodmans eventually claimed victory at the end of a protracted defensive battle.
Commander Edgar Starwalker
Lomas Racing News | Interstellar Press
Oklahoma State sophomore quarterback Wes Lunt will transfer, the Cowboys announced Thursday.
Lunt started five games for Oklahoma State last season after enrolling early and winning the starting job as a true freshman in spring practice last year, ahead of Clint Chelf and J.W. Walsh.
Injuries to Lunt's leg and head sidelined him for parts of 2012, when he threw for 1,108 yards, six touchdowns and seven interceptions, and Chelf closed the season as Oklahoma State's starter. Cowboys coach Mike Gundy, however, closed this spring without announcing a starting quarterback and said he wouldn't have any further updates until after the team's season opener on Aug. 31, against Mississippi State in Houston.
"This was not a decision I took lightly, but it is a decision that I felt was right for me," Lunt said in a release. "I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to the entire Oklahoma State University community. Specifically, I would like to thank the coaches, players, and the whole OSU football family. I wish the Cowboys the best of luck in the future."
Gundy's claim came just more than a week after he said Chelf would start against the Bulldogs. Lunt's exit likely leaves Chelf to retain Oklahoma State's starting quarterback job, but J.W. Walsh found a home in the offense last season running a short-yardage package and started ahead of Chelf when Lunt suffered a leg injury in Oklahoma State's third game against Louisiana-Lafayette.
Lunt, a native of Rochester, Ill., hasn't announced his new destination. Former Oklahoma State offensive coordinator Todd Monken, also an Illinois native, recruited Lunt and brought him to Stillwater before leaving to become the head coach at Southern Miss following the 2012 season.
"We appreciate Wes and we thank him for everything he has done," Gundy said in a release. "He's leaving on good terms and is making this decision based on what he thinks is best for his future."
Galesburg-based Bell's Brewery Inc. is alleging in a federal lawsuit that a California beverage company is infringing on its federally registered trademark by selling “Copper BELL” beer at a Whole Foods store in Ann Arbor.
Image from copperbellbeer.com
Image from bellsbeer.com
Bell's is suing Novato, Calif.-based Winery Exchange Inc. seeking a court order directing the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to deny the company's application to trademark the "Copper BELL" name. The suit also seeks an unspecified amount of money.
Officials at the Winery Exchange could not be reached for comment Wednesday.
According to the lawsuit, attorneys for Bell's sent a “cease and desist letter” June 27 to Winery Exchange, asking that it discontinue "its infringement of the BELL's Mark." The lawsuit alleges that the packaging for Copper BELL creates confusion for consumers. It features the word "BELL" in large letters, the lawsuit says, with "Copper" above it at roughly half the size. The lawsuit also says the packaging "features three kettles with bell shaped caps," while Bell's products "feature three bells."
The use of the Copper BELL mark is "intended to and is likely to cause confusion, mistake or deception of the trade and public, and to cause the trade and the public to believe that such products are the same as Bell's products or are authorized," by Bell's, the lawsuit says. Winery Exchange has recently been selling Copper BELL at Whole Foods on Washtenaw Avenue and other stores, the lawsuit claims.
Bell's has had a federally registered trademark since 2003, the lawsuit says, and has been using its design in commerce since 1985. Bell's beer is available for purchase in 18 states and its merchandise has been sold to the public since 1985.
Download the lawsuit below:
BELLS.SUIT.pdf
Lee Higgins covers crime and courts for AnnArbor.com. He can be reached by phone at (734) 623-2527 and email at leehiggins@annarbor.com.
An Ontario teen was reprimanded by police officers after she called 911 saying she was forced to go on vacation with her parents.
Northumberland provincial police received a call on Aug. 16 from a 15-year-old Mississauga teen who was in the Trent Hills area at a rental cottage with her family. She told officers that her parents had forced her to go on vacation.
According to Const. Steve Bates, when police arrived at the cottage, the teen's mother answered the door with no knowledge that her daughter had called the police.
Bates told CTVNews.ca in a telephone interview that when officers arrived, the teen simply said that she didn't want to be there. Other family members were also present.
Police determined there was no emergency and the teen was cautioned about the proper use of the 911 system.
According to Bates, the emergency line does sometimes receive unusual calls that are outside the accepted use of 911 but it doesn't happen often.
Bates added that calls like these tie up police resources when there could be serious emergencies.
An animal shelter in Indiana is seeking avid Pokémon Go players to help walk adoptable dogs while they play the popular smartphone game.
The Muncie Animal Shelter on Tuesday appealed to gamers on its Facebook page, asking those who are on the hunt for rare Pokémon to step forward and help real-life animals get exercise as they pursue the game's fictional creatures. Pokémon in the game are scattered around the real world, meaning players have to walk around to find them.
Read More: Here's How to Play Pokémon Go
“Trying to hatch an egg or catch rare Pokémon? Come down to the Muncie Animal Shelter to walk one of our dogs while you get your steps in!” its Facebook post reads. “Just come to the front desk and say you are here for the Pokémon dogs!”
The Facebook post has been shared more than 1,700 times. The offer stands daily between 10 a.m. and 5:30 p.m., the shelter said.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
A paralyzed man implanted with a thought-reading microchip has regained the ability to move his fingers and hand using only his own thoughts. “I never dreamed I would ever be able to do that again,” said Ian Burkhart after moving his paralyzed hand by using his thoughts. Burkhart, a 23-year old patient from Brooklyn was injured in a 2010 diving accident.
The breakthrough was made possible by a cutting-edge technology called Neurobridge.
The implanted chip, developed through a partnership between the Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center and the Columbus-based Battelle Memorial Institute, works by activating a sleeve to move a paralysis patient's hand.
The technology uses a specialized sleeve on the forearm to communicate with the chip implanted in Burkhart`s brain. The chip processes the patient`s thoughts, then bypasses the spinal cord, sending signals directly to the sleeve to produce movement. Within a tenth of a second, Burkhart's thoughts are translated into action.
“We implanted a microchip sensor in Ian's brain that will essentially read his thoughts and send signals to a wearable high-tech sleeve placed on his forearm to control his muscle movements,” said neurosurgeon Dr. Ali Rezai of Ohio State.
During a three-hour surgery on April 22, Rezai implanted a chip smaller than a pea onto the motor cortex of Burkhart's brain. The tiny chip interprets brain signals and sends them to a computer, which recodes and sends them to the high-definition electrode stimulation sleeve that stimulates the proper muscles to execute his desired movements. Within a tenth of a second, Burkhart's thoughts are translated into action.
“The surgery required the precise implantation of the micro-chip sensor in the area of Ian's brain that controls his arm and hand movements,” Rezai said.
“It's much like a heart bypass, but instead of bypassing blood, we're actually bypassing electrical signals,” said Chad Bouton, research leader at Battelle. “We're taking those signals from the brain, going around the injury, and actually going directly to the muscles.”
This technology may one day help patients affected by various brain and spinal cord injuries such as strokes and traumatic brain injury, Rezai added.
The masked killer walks through his forest looking like a bear with a machete.
He has four goals, and they are in constant motion. So is he, stalking through the darkness at the behest of an unnamed, unknown malevolent entity. The killer hears a loud, mechanical crack, turns and sees the source of the sound. To the man with murder in his soul, the source looks like daylight. He runs toward a building in the distance.
In the building a hundred yards away, another man curses his clumsiness. He's dressed in slacks, a white button-down shirt and glasses with black plastic frames, and he's cowering behind a generator. Any other day, he might be a computer programmer. Tonight, he's bait.
He'd crept into the building and found the generator a minute ago. He pulled the ripcord. It's one of four that he has to start, one at a time. Do that, then the doors open and he can escape. Those are the rules, and he had a plan. He pulled the ripcord, and it grumbled to life. It was going slowly, but it was going, and that was enough. Then the damn thing backfired and popped and flashed and now the killer knows he's here. He might as well have sent up a flare.
The man in black glasses has time to react to the noise and its implications, but he doesn't have time to think. That's when he makes the classic blunder, though he won't realize it for a few minutes.
He turns around and runs through the first door he sees. It leads to a basement, lit just enough to show the bloodstains that line the floor like carpeting and the walls like wallpaper. There's got to be a place to hide, he figures. He finds a flashlight in a far corner, but no hiding place. Flashlight in hand, he runs back upstairs, past the generator up the staircase to the second level.
In the rooms upstairs, hiding spots are laughably limited.
The killer enters the building, stomps around the first floor perimeter, sees nothing. Back by the front door, he turns his head to look into the darkness outside. "No," he thinks and heads upstairs.
His prey is in the first room he checks, cowering behind a box, as if that would hide him to anyone with sight. He approaches, machete at the ready.
A minute later, they exit the building together. The man in glasses, beaten, bloodied and helpless, is slung over the killer's left shoulder, struggling to be set free. It doesn't work.
The killer carries the man in black glasses to a contraption. It looks like a collection of meat hooks suspended from parts unknown. He takes the man off his shoulders, impales him and walks away. Out there in the darkness, there are three more potential victims.
The man in glasses struggles. He wears himself out trying to pull his body off of the hook. It does him no good.
Just as he's about to die, a woman shows up and begins to pull him off of the device. It works. He falls to the ground, conscious just enough to realize that he has a second chance thanks to this stranger.
The killer reappears and beats both bloody. He puts the man in glasses back on the contraption. A minute later, half a dozen more tendrils descend, and the machine closes in around him. The man in glasses stops struggling as the machine lifts him up through the treetops.
He waits this time and impales the woman next. She ascends, an offering to the unknown.
This is Dead by Daylight, and come June 14, you can be the hunter or the hunted.
It's the first original game from longtime developer Behaviour Interactive, a studio that, for decades, specialized in creating games for others. This June, thanks to a partnership with Starbreeze Studios, Behaviour will release its first original game.
What you read above is the story of my first experience with the multiplayer game. I was the guy in the glasses, stumbling upon a generator and failing to anticipate the quicktime events that happen when you're trying to restart a generator. My failures caught up to me and everyone else, and the killer won that round.
I haven't a clue who the other PAX East 2016 attendees were who tried to rescue and murder me. Odds are, you won't have a clue who will help or hurt you when the game arrives on Steam in a few months. I do know that we all operated under the same constraints. The killer, for example, has to play the game in first-person view, which gives a weird kind of visceral advantage but also limits the player's field of view. I know that the four hunted play from a third-person perspective, which lets them see more of the battlefield.
I know, because producer Mathieu Cote told me, that Dead by Daylight will have more than one killer, and they won't all seem so much like Friday the 13th's Jason Voorhees. Cote declined to get specific, but he was happy to talk about the advantages not being tied to a franchise gave the creators. There's nothing to prevent them, for example, from creating killers with supernatural abilities.
I know from experience that victims can't attack the monster. I know that players will earn perks and be able to bring items like medkits into the game.
I know that it's built to be so gory and horrific that Cote made sure that developers were OK working on this game. It looks quite good, but there's nothing pretty about it. I know that it didn't make me uncomfortable, but it made me wonder if I should have been more uncomfortable.
What I don't know is how many people will play a Windows PC-only multiplayer game like this, even at a budget price. If it does well, Cote told me, they'd love to bring it to consoles. Still, Dead by Daylight will have to prove itself on PC first.
What I also don't know is what would have happened if I'd have gone outside instead of up those damn stairs.
That, to me, is the most intriguing part of Dead by Daylight. It's hide and seek on a mortal scale, and though I only played a small part of it, I'm convinced that I can do better. I'm convinced that I can outsmart a killer. And then, maybe when I've mastered that, I'll do some killing of my own.
President Trump walked out of a meeting with Fox News host Jeanine Pirro after reportedly growing weary of the conversation, according to a New York Times report.
The Nov. 1 meeting with Pirro came at her request, according to the Times, and hinged on a deal approved during Hillary Clinton's tenure as secretary of State that gave Russia control over part of the United States's uranium production capacity.
But during that meeting, Pirro, who hosts Fox News's "Justice with Judge Jeanine," went on to rile the president up over special counsel Robert Mueller and former FBI Director James Comey, the Times reported.
Mueller is conducting the criminal investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow. Trump has called the probe a "witch hunt."
Comey, who was abruptly fired by Trump in May, has also been the target of Trump's ire at times. Comey claimed earlier this year that Trump once asked him for a loyalty pledge and later pressed him to end the FBI's investigation of former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
At one point in the meeting between Trump and Pirro, according to the Times, White House chief of staff John Kelly interrupted, saying that Pirro was not "helping things" by riling up the president.
Recently retired Richmond footballer, Reece McKenzie, has published a scathing Facebook post aimed at the Richmond Football Club.
McKenzie, 20, retired earlier this year due to personal reasons without playing a game in 18 months on the Tigers' list.
However, six months after calling time on his AFL career, McKenzie has broken his silence, labelling the club “an incompetent, dysfunctional, joke and embarrassment of a club”.
He goes on to criticise football manager Dan Richardson's role at the club, while also slamming his treatment during his time on the playing list.
Read his full post below:
“When you have intolerable levels of anxiety and depression and have developed an eating disorder causing you to lose all of your friends all because of an incompetent, dysfunctional, joke and embarrassment of a club,” McKenzie wrote.
“I didn't retire from football because of mental health reasons, I quit Richmond, I f***ing quit because if I had continued to receive the treatment that they were giving me I would have killed myself no doubt.
“No person at any profession deserves the treatment I received, they are a disgrace to professional sporting clubs around the world and it's no wonder they got someone else in to do Dan Richardson's job because he knows f*** all about football and f*** all about basic human care.
“When I was 16 I tried to commit suicide, but I failed, I failed because in this moment of agony I told myself that I would one day play AFL and that was the only thing that was going to keep me going and then one day I got there only to have my dream taken away by a joke of a club that doesn't know how to take care of its players.
“I am now a broken man because of this. Football was my life and now I don't even know if I will ever be able to return to the football field because of my anxiety.
“They even tried to silence me by signing a deed of release that was going to have a silence clause for life but instead I signed one that was for a ‘reasonable period of time'.
“Well you know what, I find it a pretty damn reasonable period of time…f*** you Richmond, thanks for ruining my life, just hope you don't f*** someone else's up too.”
Following yesterday's report that the DOJ has asked all 46 remaining Obama-appointed US attorney to resign, there was confusion whether that also included the noted attorney for the Southern District of New York, Preet Bharara. As we discussed on Friday, Trump had previously asked the Obama-appointed Manhattan attorney to stay on. In December, Bharara said that then president-elect Trump had asked to see him to discuss "whether or not I'd be prepared to stay on as the United States attorney to do the work as we have done it, independently, without fear or favor for the last seven years." "We had a good meeting," Mr. Bharara said. "I said I would absolutely consider staying on. I agreed to stay on."
However, as NBC confirmed, Bharara was indeed one of the Attorneys asked to resign, suggesting that something may have changed in the amicable relationship between Trump and Bharara in the past few months.
U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, AG Jeff Sessions
Now, according to various press reports from both the NYT and CNN, Bharara is refusing the Trump administration's demand to resign, and as CNN reporter Jeff Zelezny adds, Bharara "will make Donald Trump fire him."
HOLDOVER: Bharara is not submitting his resignation, according to several ppl briefed - WH not responding to what they'll do next. — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) March 11, 2017
U.S. Attorney for Manhattan, Preet Bharara, has no plans to resign -- will make @realDonaldTrump fire him, @CNN has learned. — Jeff Zeleny (@jeffzeleny) March 11, 2017
CNN added more color to Bharara's decision
BREAKING: US attorney Preet Bahrara will not submit resignation despite DOJ request- @LauraAJarrett @jaketapper report — Adam Levine (@cnnadam) March 11, 2017
...this according to source familiar w meeting and what @PreetBharara told reporters afterwards. WH no comment yet on why change of mind... — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) March 11, 2017
Brian Kolb, the New York State Assembly's Republican leader, tweeted his support of Bharara in the wake of the reports.
Good for Preet, he is doing the job he was appointed to do! https://t.co/4WqOgRfZht — Brian Kolb (@GOPLdrBrianKolb) March 11, 2017
Additionally, according to a report in the Daily Beast, Bharara told his section chiefs that he'd yet to submit the requested letter and may instead challenge Sessions to fire him. Bharara's office is working through an investigation of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and about to start the trials of two close allies to New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
Should Trump fire Bharara, who has been the US Attorney responsible for Wall Street crime for more than seven years, he may be seen a further siding with Wall Street - which has been the source of most of his close economic advisors - against one of the few attorneys who pressed charges against banks in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Ironically, some have accused Bharara of not being strict enough on the institutions found to have been criminally liable with virtually no bankers ending up in jail, and instead it was mostly shareholders being punished with banks forced to pay nearly a quarter trillion in legal fees and settlements over the past decade for violations from RMBS selling, to LIBOR, to FX and gold market rigging.
As the NYT adds, should Bharara be fired, "it was unclear what effect his expected departure might have on the office's current investigations." Among his existing investigations, the highest profile one involves a group of former aides and associates of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo in a wide-ranging bribery and bid-rigging case and has been investigating Mayor Bill de Blasio's campaign fund-raising as part of an inquiry into whether he or other officials exchanged official acts for political donations. The investigation into Mr. de Blasio's fund-raising, perhaps the office's highest profile continuing inquiry, began roughly a year ago and appears to be in its final stages, with prosecutors and F.B.I. agents interviewing the mayor for four hours two weeks ago. Investigators have scrutinized scores of donors to the mayor's 2013 campaign and his now defunct political nonprofit, seeking to determine whether anyone received favorable city action in exchange for their largess. It remains unclear whether Mr. Bharara and his top aides have determined whether they will seek charges — against the mayor, any of his top aides or his primary fund-raiser.
Among the names of lawyers mentioned as a possible United States attorney in Manhattan in the Trump administration is Marc L. Mukasey, a former Southern District prosecutor and the son of Michael B. Mukasey, the former attorney general in the Bush administration. The younger Mukasey is now a lawyer at Greenberg Traurig, a law firm in New York where Rudolph W. Giuliani, a close associate of Trump, also works. Mr. Mukasey declined to comment on Friday.
Bharara is no stranger to politics: as the NYT notes, before being appointed United States attorney by President Barack Obama in 2009, he served as chief counsel to Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, and played a major role in the Senate Judiciary Committee's investigation into the politically motivated firings of United States attorneys by the Justice Department under President George W. Bush
Trajan's Market is the name given in the early 20th century CE to a complex of buildings in the imperial fora of Rome constructed in 107-110 CE during the reign of Trajan. The complex included a covered market, small shop fronts and a residential apartment block.
The complex was built at one end of Trajan's Forum and includes buildings that had a number of different functions, predominantly commercial. Constructed on three different levels into the terraced hillside behind, access to the various parts was provided via connecting staircases. The ground level shallow alcoves opened onto a street and were used for small shops whilst there were more shops in the arcades above. The ground level alcoves are of uneven depth due to the fact that they were constructed following the bedrock of the hill. Originally, they would have all been framed with travertine, extending their capacity for displaying goods. One alcove (5th from the left) has been restored to illustrate the original look and also has the typical window above the lintel.
The ground level shallow alcoves opened onto a street & were used for small shops whilst there were more shops in the arcades above.
On the upper level, access staircases were built at each end of via Biberatica running above the semi-circular façade. The large uppermost central building was used as an apartment block, and the large structure further left functioned as a covered shopping arcade. In front of the whole complex, separated by a tufa wall but accessible through a large central gateway, was the Exhedra and Porticus of Trajan's Forum.
The buildings are largely constructed using concrete and faced with brick, and it is one of the finest examples of Imperial Roman architecture using these materials. The decorative semi-circular façade includes brick pilasters with travertine bases and capitals framing each archway on the second level. Decorative brick-work gives an added elegance, including entablatures of carved brick and alternate triangular and semi-circular pediments. White stucco would have once covered much of this brickwork and the pilasters, entablature, and pediments display evidence of having once been painted red.
The name of the street on the upper level of the Market was via Biberatica, perhaps from the Latin biber - meaning drink - and hinting at the various drinking establishments which served the market shoppers. The principal products sold at the market would have come from across the empire and included fruit, vegetables, fish, wine, oil, and spices such as pepper.
The whole complex became part of a medieval fortress in the 12th and 13th centuries CE with the notable addition of the huge tower, the Torre delle Milizie. First properly excavated in the 1920s and 1930s CE, the site quickly acquired the name Trajan's Market and it not only stands as one of the most imposing ruins of Imperial Rome but is also the current home of the Museum of the Imperial Forums.
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg. (Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
SAN FRANCISCO -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday was asked to give his advice to Twitter about its rumored IPO plans.
"I'm kind of like the person you would want to ask least about how to make a smooth IPO," he said. "As long as they (Twitter) kind of focus on what they are doing, then i think it's wonderful."
Zuckerberg's comments came at the TechCrunch Disrupt technology conference here.
The social-networking giant's chief said it was an extremely "turbulent" first year as a public company. What worried him following the company's flop on the markets? "I was really worried that people would leave the company," he said.
After shares fell below its $38 offering price, the company saw a number of high-profile departures. His concerns ran that people would become demoralized with the stock price down. Instead employees "really focused on the mission," he said.
In the wake of its IPO, Facebook's membership has swelled to 1.15 million users and it has 699 million daily active users.
The Silicon Valley company went from seeing no revenue on mobile last year to more than 40% of its revenue now.
"We took a lot of s--- because we weren't making money on mobile," Zuckerberg said.
Wall Street has since taken a more positive outlook on Facebook. Likewise, investors have piled onto shares, driving it to a new record high. Shares of Facebook on Wednesday rose 3.3% to $45.04.
"Sometimes it might take the market a little while to catch up and see the results of what you are doing," he said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1arXsPD
Summer brings to mind visions of beaches, bikinis and above all, convertibles. It's a time when newly minted college graduates and other young professionals ought to be bouncing into showrooms to buy their first automobiles.
Instead, the entry level buyers that the auto industry counts on to keep hope alive just don't seem interested -- either in cars, or in driving at all. Reuters reports a startling statistic: more than one-quarter of 16 to 34 year olds, who are known as Generation Y or the Millenials, do not even have a driver's license.
That's a potentially huge issue for the automobile industry, since Generation Y, some 80 million strong, is bigger than the post-World War II baby boom.
Automakers have known for a while that they were going to have a problem attracting these buyers. It was clear as far back as five years ago that many teens were not getting their driver's licenses in high school. One reason was the restrictions by a number of states on teen drivers, from limiting the hours when they could be on the road, to requiring that they drive with their parents.
Speaking of parents, they're also an influence keeping youngsters from getting behind the wheel. Some experts blame Helicopter Parents (sometimes known as Snowplow Parents) for waiting on their kids hand and foot, including driving them wherever they need to go, rather than risk having the kids get in an accident.
The economy is also a huge factor. Many young people face soaring tuition costs, and the money they're earning in their part-time, summer and first jobs is going to pay for school and rent. Even if they can afford cars, insurance is expensive, and just getting a license can cost hundreds of dollars in driving instruction fees. Bicycles, skateboards and rollerblades are a far less expensive alternative to driving and walking is even cheaper, assuming you can get where you need to go by foot.
And, Millenials have had much more exposure than previous generations to environmental concerns. Many watched An Inconvenient Truth in high school and college classes (some more than once) and others grew up with recycling bins in the garage. Public transportation usage is way up in a number of cities across the country and around the world.
Alix Partners, the global consulting firm, has come up with a name for this group: Generation Neutral. If people were getting driver's licenses at the same rate as in 2000, we'd have 5 million more people on the road, it says. And, if people were driving as much as they did a decade ago, there would be 420 billion more miles traveled.
Reuters says the federal government's National Household Travel Survey shows that from 2001 to 2009, the average annual number of vehicle-miles traveled by people ages 16-34 dropped 23 percent, from 10,300 to 7,900.
The whole issue of how to get Generation Y interested in driving is a perplexing one for the auto companies. It sparked a lively discussion last week at Jalopnik.com, where ideas ranged from getting kids out to an autocross event to plopping them down in front of Top Gear UK. That might entice some car enthusiasts, but Generation Neutral may need more proof of the need to drive in order to shift to cars.
Estimated reading time: 5 minutes
126 SHARES Facebook Twitter
The advance of South Africa's budget airlines, recently joined by FlySafair and Skywise, looks set to benefit air travel consumers as competition between the private and state-owned sector strengthens. A study done in February showed how FlySafair had already helped bring prices down on some domestic routes. Now we look to Skywise to continue the momentum. Currently operating flights between Johannesburg (ORTIA) and Cape Town on a fleet of 2 aircraft, the newcomers' growth strategy is clearly cautious and methodical.
Also read:
But there seems to be some confusion about who exactly these airlines are, where do they fly, and in each case, what do they offer consumers? One passenger said, “What a shock it was to find out we have to pay an extra R250 for luggage on the FlySafair flight!” While it's understandable for consumers to be wary of these seemingly unfair pricing methods, the truth is many mainstream budget carriers (such as Ryanair in Europe) have been conducting business like this for years – it is commonly referred to as the low-cost carrier model, and is widely accepted by passengers as a ‘no frills' way to travel.
We created this domestic airline comparison infographic to show you the width and breadth of South Africa's internal carriers and how the new budget airlines are helping South Africans get in the air for less.
Embed This Image On Your Site
Please include attribution to Travelstart.co.za with this graphic.
All information correct as of 18 May 2015 and subject to change without notice.
Download “The Plane Facts Of South African Air Travel” in PDF.
In comparison to the rest of the world, South Africa's commercial aviation industry has remained relatively small over the years. The independent carriers have faced David & Goliath style battles against the legacy carriers, and traditionally, government bailouts and interim interdicts have delayed the launch of much anticipated ‘saviours' of the low-cost airline industry.
We, the travelling public, know what it's like to suffer at the hands of a monopoly – just think back to that dark period which clouded the sky about the same time as 1Time Airlines applied for business rescue in August, 2012. In the following weeks we watched in dismay as the airline met its end, rendering competition amongst SA's domestic airlines all but dead. I remember my friend was in Zanzibar at the time. He'd happily flown out on 1Time only to discover the airline ceased operations the day before he was meant to fly home.
Seat sales became a thing of the past as the monopoly tightened its grip, and then in late 2014, like a phoenix rising from the ashes, there was suddenly a new player in town when FlySafair finally overcame the resistance from its established competitors.
Suddenly price conscious travellers were being catered for again, and travellers had more freedom of choice as the new no frills airlines made it cheaper for more South Africans to fly. Now with Skywise mixing it up on the ever-popular Joburg / Cape Town leg, the state of the airline industry hasn't looked this bright in a while and we look forward to seeing the low-cost carrier rise and become an increasingly utilised mode of transport in the eyes of consumers everywhere.
8 Useful Tips For Flying In South Africa
When booking a flight, spell your name as it is in your passport or ID document. No nicknames, shortened names etc. If you book flights with Mango, remember to check in with the credit card you used to make the booking. For domestic flights in South Africa, arrive at the airport at least 90 minutes before your flight departs. If you can't make your flight you must cancel your ticket at least 2 hours prior to departure either with Travelstart, or the airline directly. In some cases no-show fees may apply. For domestic flights in SA, hand luggage is set at 7kg – find out more about hand luggage restrictions. Remember to check in online 24 hours prior to departure and print out your boarding pass, or save a copy on your charged mobile phone. A birth certificate (does not have to be unabridged) suffices as a form of ID for minors travelling within South Africa. Take the Service Package (R99) when checking out on Travelstart and get help with meal requests, seating requirements, wheelchair assistance and more.
Dispelling Luggage Allowance Myths
Did you know … Travelstart now informs you in the search results about baggage allowance. Lookout for the blue baggage icon to see allowance.
Skywise: Bags fly free up to 20kg. You are allowed TWO bags (including sporting equipment) up to 20kg in total.
FlySafair: In line with the true low cost model mentioned earlier, FlySafair will always charge extra for checked luggage – they are the only airline doing this. The cost is R150 for 20kg if you book FlySafair through Travelstart, or R250 if you pay at the airport. Why? More than 40% of domestic passengers only take a carry-on when flying. With FlySafair you don't pay for what you won't need.
Mango Airlines: Luggage is included in the price of your Mango Airlines ticket. Allowance is set at 20kg per passenger. Infants have a 10kg baggage allowance but have no seat allocation.
Kulula: Luggage is included in the price of your Kulula Airlines ticket. Allowance is set at 20kg per passenger.
SAA: Luggage is included in the price of your SAA ticket. Allowance is set at 23kg per passenger.
British Airways: Luggage is included in the price of your BA Comair ticket. Allowance is set at 23kg per passenger.
Airlink: Luggage is included in the price of your Airlink ticket. Allowance is set at 20kg per passenger.
SA Express: Luggage is included in the price of your SA Express ticket. Allowance is set at 20kg per passenger.
CemAir: CemAir luggage allowances are included in the price of your ticket and vary by route. For flights to/from Margate luggage allowance is set at 2 pieces of free checked luggage and hand luggage with a total weight of up to 20kg. Hand luggage cannot exceed 6kg.
[polldaddy poll=8868924]
French authorities on Thursday announced findings that the epilepsy medication valproate is responsible for "severe malformations" in 2,150 to 4,100 children in France.
Women taking the drug during pregnancy are four times more likely to bear children with congenital malformations, according to the report issued jointly by the French National Agency for the Safety of Medicines (ANSM) and the national health insurance administration.
Mahmoud Zureik, ANSM's scientific director and co-author of the report, said in an interview with AFP news agency that the figure of "severe malformations" is notably high.
"The study confirms the highly teratogenic nature of valproate," Zureik said, using a medical term for an agent that affects the fetus and produces birth defects.
Authorities said valproate was linked to birth defects that included spina bifida, a condition in which the spinal cord forms in an irregular manner, heart defects and abnormal formation of genital organs.
Although valproate is sold in France under the brand name Depakine (pictured above) by pharmaceutical manufacturer Sanofi, it can also be found in generic forms. Parents of those affected say that public officials were too slow to warn of the drug's side effects, given concerns over its potential effects on fetuses since the 1980s.
Class action lawsuit
Last year, an association of French citizens launched a class action lawsuit against Sanofi for failing to properly inform users of the potential risks associated with the drug.
Marine Martin, who represents the roughly 2,900 families in the lawsuit, told AP news agency in December that the legal process "would be recognition that they (the families) suffered harm."
"We want Sanofi to be condemned because it will be very important for the victims' families," Martin added.
Despite the risks associated with valproate, a 2015 ruling said the drug could still be prescribed to pregnant women after all other forms of epilepsy treatment had been exhausted. ANSM is expected to release a study on the neurological effects of valproate later this year.
ls/msh (AFP, Reuters, AP)
In southern Indian industrial city of Tuticorin the air will be a bit cleaner from now on, as a local industrial plant has started capturing its own carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions and putting them to good use.
Tuticorin Alkali Chemicals has been producing soda ash (sodium carbonate) for decades. Now they've implemented a new carbon capture technology, allowing them to utilise CO2 emissions from their own coal-powered boiler as part of the manufacturing process.
The company is expected to scrub 60,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions annually, turning the pollutant into a commercially viable product. The sodium-based chemicals produced at the plant are widely used in glass manufacturing, household detergents, food and many other applications.
Using Carbon
This development is one of the latest examples of carbon capture and utilisation (CCU), a commercially-focused approach that differs from the already established practice of carbon capture and storage (CCS), which typically means burying the carbon deep underground, often at great cost.
However, producing chemicals out of carbon emissions isn't a groundbreaking practice either, says chemical engineering Professor Sandra Kentish from the University of Melbourne.
“There's nothing new or exciting in that, it's been around for decades,” says Kentish. “The novelty they're claiming is the solvent they're using.
“When you capture carbon dioxide using a standard approach, you use a solvent that ‘likes' carbon dioxide, so the CO2 is absorbed into the solvent in a liquid state, and all the other gases escape into the atmosphere.”
The industry standard for scrubbing emissions in this way is a compound called monoethanolamine, but the Tuticorin plant is using a new process patented by Carbon Clean Solutions, a London-based firm started by two Indian chemists.
They have synthesised CDRMax, a solvent they claim does the job more efficiently, bonding with the CO2 molecules in the boiler chimney.
"So far the ideas for carbon capture have mostly looked at big projects, and the risk is so high they are very expensive to finance," Carbon Clean CEO Aniruddha Sharma told The Guardian.
"We want to set up small-scale plants that de-risk the technology by making it a completely normal commercial option."
Saving the planet?
“There are hundreds of people around the world at the moment trying to [create new processes], because if you can do carbon capture with less energy, it becomes more viable,” explains Kentish, adding that the commercial viability of CCU endeavours has been rather limited so far.
Hence Tuticorin has been making headlines, since the low cost of the new solvent enabled them to implement the carbon-scrubbing technology without government subsidies. The company claims their operations now have virtually zero emissions to air or water.
However, Kentish thinks that we likely won't be saving the planet one chemical plant at a time, considering they make up only a tiny fraction of the total amount of carbon emissions.
"If you've got a baking soda business, and you want to make your baking soda business slightly more sustainable, it's a good angle. If you want to save the planet, it's not going to work," she says.
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 10, 2014
Donald Trump has promised a $25,000 donation to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi, the Marine released Friday from a Mexican prison after 214 days of confinement and physical abuse.Trump announced the donation on Twitter on Monday.In a follow-up interview with Fox News host Greta Van Susteren, he explained that he hopes the money will help Tahmooressi directly, and not get gobbled up by the legal fees he and his family racked up trying to free him."He's got, obviously, some difficulties. It's a very sad situation," said the real-estate mogul, referring to Tahmooressi's PTSD, sustained while serving in Afghanistan."He depleted all his savings to try to defend himself," said Susteren."I hope the lawyers don't take it all. You know, I know lawyers better that most, and they'll hear about the $25,000 and they're going to grab on to it… I really want this money to go to him, not his lawyers," said Trump.Tahmooressi was arrested by Mexican officials in March after accidentally taking the wrong road exit, which led him across the border with three weapons in his car. Mexican police imprisoned him for possession of the weapons, which are illegal over the border.Tahmooressi's mother, Jill, then began a campaign to free him, a campaign that was soon bolstered by Susteren and talk show host and Marine veteran Montel Williams. With the help of California Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, California Rep. Ed Royce, former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, and Arizona Rep. Matt Salmon, Tahmooressi was eventually freed, but only after suffering greatly in prison.Many had called on President Obama to speak out on Tahmooressi's behalf, but he nor anyone at the White House ever lifted a finger."The president not stepping forward was a slap in the face to veterans," said Rohrabacher told The Washington Times on Saturday. "The president didn't care about it enough to make a simple phone call."
As for Trump, he hopes his donation will help Tahmooressi get the treatment he needs to help him move on to the next phase in his life.
"I think that this $25,000 will be the beginning of getting somebody who's a good person back with his life — hopefully a much better life than he's had," said Trump.
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
2-minute read. How to make people come listen to your music over and over again? Learn how to make good live music with these 5 tips for an amazing live performance. With a little bit of practice, you'll be able to rock each of your shows. Do you like the tips or have something to add? We're happy to hear from you.
#1: Practice on your own
Be able to play the songs in all kinds of positions and situations. When you always practice sitting, performing standing in front of a crowd might lower the quality of your sound.
Be ready for a stage situation in which you might not hear all of the instruments, see your band mates or instrument. Make sure to include some ear training exercises in your practice – it will help you to become better at band practice, jamming and songwriting.
#2 Know what to improve for the live performance
The rehearsals before a gig are not about learning the songs together. Knowing chords, melodies and lyrics is mandatory at this stage. Then you can rather focus on these three important things:
Your Rhythm. Rehearse playing as tight as possible. A good exercise here is to record your song with a multi-track recorder (each instrument in an own track). That way you will see the rhythm differences you normally aren't able to hear. More on this method here.
Rehearse playing as tight as possible. A good exercise here is to record your song with a multi-track recorder (each instrument in an own track). That way you will see the rhythm differences you normally aren't able to hear. More on this method here. Your Dynamics. The same exercise works here: Check your recording to notice differences in your volumes. You'll be able to adjust your sound the way you like it to be.
Did you know you can record on sofasession in your browser for free? Check it out.
Your Live Performance: Record a video of the whole band and watch your body language. Or invite some friends to listen and give you feedback. Do you like what you see? How is the feedback?
#3 Work on visual live performance
Surprisingly, it's not only your sound that matters. As mentioned above, take a look into your video recording. Do you like your positions, movements, body language, gestures? Do you make outstanding poses photographers will be able to catch? Do you show the emotions and feeling you are playing and singing about?
Remember: It's not the singer's job only to work on the live performance.
Additionally, think about your clothes and style. Do you match as a whole? Consider deciding on a similar style of clothes, a band outfit, movements you all will do etc.
#4 Fight The Anxiety
The voices in your head before a gig keep telling you the same phrases again and again. What if you suck? If everybody hates you? If you make a mistake? These tips by Tom Hess and my live performance teacher will help you.
Allow yourself to enjoy the gig . You practiced a lot in advance, so enjoy the moment.
. You practiced a lot in advance, so enjoy the moment. Even if you make some mistakes, remember: First, nobody will notice unless you show it. Don't make a face or run from the stage. Secondly, one wrong chord or note are less than 1% of your whole sound. Relax.
of your whole sound. Relax. What if there is this jerk making a bad comment? Who cares! Everybody envies you! You are on stage. Doing what you enjoy and having the guts to perform in front of a crowd. (This way of thinking is slightly arrogant but helpful when you feel anxious!).
You are on stage. Doing what you enjoy and having the guts to perform in front of a crowd. (This way of thinking is slightly arrogant but helpful when you feel anxious!). Right before going on stage, tense all your muscles for half a minute. Then let go. You should feel relaxed right away. Meditation, conscious breathing, and supportive words to your band mates help as well.
#5 Last-Minute Preparations For Your Live Performance
As already mentioned in #1, you should be prepared to not hear or see everything you were during your rehearsals. Be flexible enough not to stress out because of that.
Take some extra instruments : Let's not hope anything breaks, in case it does, though: Take an extra cable, mic, guitar, bass & everything you need to perform best.
: Let's not hope anything breaks, in case it does, though: Take an extra cable, mic, guitar, bass & everything you need to perform best. Soundcheck : Do you have the chance to check the sound before? Check the sound and listen to it both on stage (to know if you hear all you need) and in front of the stage (to hear what sound the audience will get).
: Do you have the chance to check the sound before? Check the sound and listen to it both (to know if you hear all you need) and (to hear what sound the audience will get). Stage-check: Know where the light will shine to and make sure to stand there. Why? People will see you, you will have great gig photos & 1000 more reasons not to hide in the dark when being on stage.
Know where the light will shine to and make sure to stand there. Why? People will see you, you will have great gig photos & 1000 more reasons not to hide in the dark when being on stage. Warm-up: Make your fingers, arms and/or voice ready to perform.
Have you done all that? Ready to go? Send us your gig video or photos, share your profile, we're always happy to get to know great musicians. Lot's of love.
—————–
New here? Make real-time music online, record song ideas and connect with musicians for free.
The keepers of Japan's biggest lake have called on the public to join in one final push to eat the bluegill fish - possibly the most reviled creature in Japan - into extinction before it does the same to threatened native species.
The bluegill's steady destruction of indigenous freshwater fish, almost 50 years after it was touted as a vital source of protein for an undernourished population, is being treated as an ecological emergency and has provoked a rare public show of contrition from Emperor Akihito. As crown prince, Akihito received bluegill as a gift from the then mayor of Chicago, Richard J Daley, during a visit to the US in 1960.
"Bluegills are the ones I brought back from the US almost 50 years ago and donated to a fishers agency research institute," the emperor said earlier this month. "In those days we had great expectations of raising them for food. My heart aches to see it has turned out like this."
Now authorities in Lake Biwa in Shiga prefecture want anglers to stop releasing the fish and instead eat them. Biwa, the world's third-oldest lake, is home to about 1,250 tonnes of bluegill; nationwide, the population is estimated at 25m fish.
Though considered a delicacy in Illinois and other parts of the US, it has struggled to find favour among Japanese diners. The Shiga government recommends marinating bluegill or serving it deep-fried with a chilli sauce garnish.
A local university will soon start selling bluegill burgers, and one firm is experimenting with a version of funazushi - a local delicacy of salted crucian carp and rice that is left to ferment for three years.
The fish brought back by the emperor were donated to research centres, but many escaped to wipe out the royal bitterling and bring other native species to the brink of extinction. They have infested waterways across Japan, including the moat of the imperial palace in Tokyo. A multimillion-yen campaign to turn them into fertiliser and chicken feed has had limited success.
Here's an NYT article on a charity , College Advising Corp s, which sends young adult college counselors to rural high schools to encourage the smarter kids to be more ambitious in their college plans. Caroline Hoxby of Stanford found that America's biggest resource of 90th percentile test score kids who aren't going to college are typically small town white boys.
Here are some impediments:
Dr. Hurd said she did not understand why more than 90 percent of Ms. Hadley's students had applied to college, but only about half had submitted federal financial aid forms. Some parents are embarrassed to reveal their incomes or suspicious of authority and what will become of their private information. Family strife also gets in the way. “A lot of the kids are in really funky living situations, and they haven't decided whether they want to reach out to their parents,” she said.
The FAFSA form can be really intimidating to some families.
Some of her students are much brighter than their low scores on standardized tests like the ACT suggest, Ms. Hadley said. But colleges judge schools by the numbers, and with only a handful of high-scoring students, Hobbton does not attract many college recruiters. “I get it,” she said. “I don't have anybody with more than a 30 on the ACT this year.
It's still hard to get kids options when they didn't blow it out of the water on the ACT.” But, she added, “How do you get from a 26 to a 30 when you can't afford test prep?” It is difficult to get students to attend test-prep sessions at school, and free online services do not work well on mobile phones, she said.
A 26 is the 83rd percentile, a 30 is the 95th percentile. I witnessed a kid from this kind of background go from a 27 to a 30 when I encouraged him to self-study a test prep book for two weeks before retaking the ACT. Back when I was in high school, the idea of putting in 80 hours of test prep would have seemed outlandish, if anybody had suggested it, but Tiger Mothers think in terms of orders of magnitude more test prep hours.
[Comment at Unz.com]
The Cold War ended nearly 25 years ago, but Americans are again feeling frigid when it comes to Russia.According to a Gallup Poll released Friday, Americans' view of Russia is at its lowest point since 1989, when the company first began tracking the public's favorability toward the Soviet Union.Only 24 percent of Americans now view Russia favorably—a 10-point dip from 2014. Considering recent tense relations between Washington and Moscow.Gallup's analysis indicates, somewhat obviously, that Americans' views on other countries closely track with U.S. foreign policy. According to Friday's poll, up to 92 percent of Americans view strong Western allies like Great Britain and Canada favorably. Countries like Japan and India, with their close economic ties to the U.S., merit high ratings, too. Along with Russia and several other countries, the "very unfavorable" end of the spectrum has Iran and North Korea coming in last—with 11 percent and 9 percent favorability, respectively.The Cold War remains a cultural and political touchstone for many Americans. Baby boomers lived half their lives knowing the Soviet Union as a geopolitical foe; Russia's unfavorability now must be a familiar feeling to many. And while Americans may be willing to thaw the chill over Cuba as that country slowly opens up to the U.S., Russia doesn't look poised to win over hearts and minds over here in the U.S. anytime soon.
I-66 shields in Ballston. (Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
Hollywood may have its Oscars, but the world of infrastructure has something even better: America's Transportation Awards, which recognizes — yes, you guessed it — transportation.
And this year, the folks at Virginia's Department of Transportation are up for the big prize. Their Active Traffic Management System, (ATMS) aimed at unsnarling the backups on I-66, is one of 12 projects to reach this year's finals.
The annual award, now in its 10th year, is sponsored by the American Association of State Highways and Transportation Officials, AAA, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
“We're excited about the high level of participation in this year's competition,” AASHTO Executive Director Bud Wright said in a news release announcing the nominees. “Transportation departments in the District of Columbia and 38 states submitted a record 92 project nominations. Not every nominee takes home a prize, but the programs and projects being implemented and constructed across the country such as roads, bridges, bike and pedestrian trails are making communities safer, healthier and more prosperous, so the big winners are the American people.”
The top scoring projects in each region were whittled down to the 12 now competing for the national Grand Prize and for the People's Choice award. Both come with a $10,000 prize to a charity or transportation-related scholarship of the winner's choosing.
VDOT put ATMS in place in late 2015, along a 30-mile stretch of I-66 from the D.C. line to Prince William County. The goal of the system is to make the most of the available lanes. The system helps warn drivers of hazards that may lie ahead — blocked lanes for example.
Drivers weren't necessarily wowed by the system when it was first put in place. But VDOT has tried to tinker with it to make it more effective. And it's clear that enough progress has been made to impress the judges of this year's transportation awards.
Other projects that are up for the award include the US36 Express Lanes in Colorado and Kentucky's Southern Indiana Ohio River Bridges project, which replaced two aging interstate bridges with a dramatically improved new bridge that has reduced congestion and improved safety.
So vote daily (It's allowed).
Authors and politicians have long voiced concern that children — especially sons — of lesbian parents might be damaged by the lack of male role models in their lives. So researchers from the University of Amsterdam and UCLA's Williams Institute decided to investigate whether the absence of a man to look up to actually harmed lesbian couples' kids. They found it actually had very little effect — and their work may call into question recent research that showed children of lesbians struggling later in life.
Study author Henny Bos and her team looked at 78 adolescent children of lesbian parents. They asked the teens if they had a close male role model in their lives. Then, because some psychologists have speculated that boys without men around fail to learn masculine behavior, they asked the kids how much they identified with stereotypically masculine traits (like competitiveness) and stereotypically feminine ones (like being understanding). Finally, they gave both the teenagers and their mothers standard questionnaires designed to measure the teens' psychological adjustment.
They found that having a male role model didn't affect whether girls or boys identified with traits stereotypically assigned to their gender — girls were more likely to identify with feminine traits than boys were, and both genders were actually equally likely to identify with masculine ones, regardless of whether they'd grown up with a man around. Male role models didn't seem to affect psychological adjustment, either — teens without them were no more likely to be anxious, depressed, or angry than teens who did have them.
The study authors note that this matters because the lack of a male role model has been used as a justification for barring lesbian couples from adopting. And lesbian parents have come in for criticism lately in the wake of last week's paper by sociologist Mark Regnerus, which found psychological and social problems among adult children of moms who had same-sex relationships. That paper was held up by some conservatives as an argument against gay marriage — Maggie Gallagher, founder of the National Organization for Marriage, said it showed that "the intact, married biological family, a mom and a dad" was the "gold standard" for raising kids. But if the male-role-model study is accurate, a mom and a mom may be just as good.
Study co-author Nanette Gartrell told BuzzFeed Shift that her team's research took a very different approach than Regerus did. Her team's was, she said, "the only study of its kind" that began at conception and followed families in real time throughout their children's lives, asking about experiences as they happened. This structure, she says, gives her research "an entirely different level of validity" than Regnerus's.
She was hesitant to make a direct comparison between her team's results and his, because her study looked exclusively at lesbian parents who were out before they had children, while Regnerus didn't study sexual orientation per se — his research looked at parents who had ever had a same-sex relationship, regardless of whether they currently or ever identified as gay. What Gartrell could say was that in her team's work over the years, which has been the subject of numerous papers before the most recent one, they'd found "the adolescents are doing very well."
She added that this wasn't only the case for children from intact lesbian families. About half the couples who were together at the beginning of the study have now separated. But, she noted, three quarters of the separated lesbian parents have continued to co-parent, which likely will result in more stability and better outcomes for their kids than if they failed to share parenting duties.
Regnerus himself was doubtful about whether Bos and Gartrell's team had really found anything about children of lesbian parents in general. He told BuzzFeed Shift that their study could help scholars "learn more about these 78 people," but "whether we have learned more about the experience of children from all lesbian parents or households [...] is much less likely." He also doubted whether a "sample of largely well-educated, mostly-white women" could be representative of lesbian parents nationwide — the team's sample was 87% white and about 57% middle-class, with 18% of families identifying as working-class and about 25% identifying as upper or upper-middle.
Gartrell, meanwhile, argues that her team's sample size isn't small for such a long-term study. Data collection began in 1986, before computer technology and the internet made data from large samples easier to gather. Now that such technology is available, she says there are many larger studies in the works — her team looks forward to more data on same-sex parents very soon.
"You don't have a soul. You are a soul. You have a body." C.S. Lewis
Wherever you are reading this, take a moment now and notice your body: Are your legs crossed? Is your posture straight or are you slouching? Are you slightly warm or cold? Now notice your surroundings: Is your body in a serene or noxious environment? Is it being transported in a moving vehicle, rocking slightly from side to side? If you could precisely answer any of those questions, congratulations! You are conscious. How consciousness arises from, as the great neuroscientist V.S. Ramachandran mused, "a three-pound mass of jelly that you can hold in your palm" is one of science's deepest enigmas. At the present moment, two of its components - body ownership and self-location - are studied in the brain using multi sensory bodily illusions and MRI.
Body ownership.
You own a body. Your body. Although similar to other bodies ambulating Earth, your body is unique in appearance and movement. How do you know your body is yours?
In a 2011 study, Petkova et al had participants feel touch on their chest in the MRI while viewing a mannequin also being touched on its chest (See below).
What do you do when your primary physical sales channel is drying up? You sell something that your audience loves, preferably online, and if that doesn't work you buy someone that does. To that end, GameStop, the beleaguered game sales company, has bought ThinkGeek, a beleaguered geek toy company, for $140 million at $20 a share.
GameStop profit was up last year thanks to solid console sales but generally the business of selling optical media is on a downward slope. GeekNet, the parent company of ThinkGeek, cancelled a merger with Hot Topic to broker this sale even as the company was facing a decline in earnings. However, it does still sell physical products that would work well in GameStop stores.
According to a GameStop press release,, the “transaction provides a natural extension of GameStop's existing product offering and is expected to add an immediate incremental $100+ million in annual net sales.”
The acquisition will close by Q2 2015.
“Can you believe this guy?”
Less than 24 hours after President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey — reportedly (if not officially) over his frustration with the ongoing Russia probe — the administration is hosting Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov in Washington, D.C.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Lavrov met Wednesday morning, after briefly addressing reporters together. During that press klatch, a reporter asked: “Does the Comey firing cast a shadow over your talks?”
Tilerson prepared to step away, but Lavrov responded with faux incredulity. “Was he fired? You're kidding. You're kidding.”
.@mitchellreports asks Tillerson & Russian FM if Comey firing cast a shadow over their meeting.
Russian FM: “Was he fired? You're kidding.” pic.twitter.com/BjIzzCrq3I — TODAY (@TODAYshow) May 10, 2017
Next Lavrov met with Trump and Russian ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak (whose name you likely know from his starring role in the Michael Flynn and Jeff Sessions dramas). The event was officially closed to media — except photographers for the state-run Russian news agency were apparently allowed to attend, and the Russian government was quick to post images on social media.
Russian media was allowed in the meeting; US media was not. https://t.co/o9niWsGdvZ — Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) May 10, 2017
Ambassador Kislyak and President Trump / Посол С.Кисляк и Президент Д.Трамп pic.twitter.com/Ckkx2YL9KX — Russia in the USA 🇷🇺 (@RusEmbUSA) May 10, 2017
Lavrov, Trump, Kisylak … just please caption this. Photo: Alexander Shcherbak/TASS
After the Russian visitors departed, Trump invited the media into the Oval Office, where he just happened to be hanging out with Henry Kissinger.
Pool brought into the Oval. It's Trump and ... Kissinger. pic.twitter.com/1F1CPO4kQw — Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) May 10, 2017
Trump told reporters that his meeting with Lavrov was “very, very good.”
On Syria: "I think things are happening that are really, really, really positive. We're going to stop the killing & the death," said @POTUS. — Mark Knoller (@markknoller) May 10, 2017
Reporters also fired off questions about Comey's dismissal before they were ushered out. Trump said he axed the FBI director because “because he wasn't doing a good job, very simply.” He added that his firing did not influence his meeting “at all” with the Russian foreign minister.
Pres. Trump says "not at all" when asked if his firing of FBI Director Comey affected his meeting with the Russians today. pic.twitter.com/Ix36lv4DcT — ABC News (@ABC) May 10, 2017
The White House later posted this readout of the Lavrov meeting. Kisylak is not mentioned.
Readout of President Donald J. Trump's Meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov of Russia. pic.twitter.com/XVGOcxgEcI — Dan Scavino Jr. (@Scavino45) May 10, 2017
And when you thought this situation couldn't get any weirder, CBS News managed to catch up with Russian president Vladimir Putin, in his hockey uniform, to ask him about Comey's firing. “Your question looks very funny for me,” Putin responded through a translator, as music blasted in the background. “We have nothing to do with that. President Trump is acting in accordance with his competence, in accordance with his law and Constitution.” Then the Russian president apparently went off to play hockey, in accordance with his competence.
Putin tells CBS News "we have nothing to do with" firing of Comey, says Trump is" acting accordance with his law" https://t.co/sOwLJ2XsZk pic.twitter.com/4EKRPvNs8x — CBS News (@CBSNews) May 10, 2017
This post has been updated throughout.
Sotomayor's trail of opinions paints a picture of a fair-minded, incisive legal scholar who is unafraid to stake out unpopular but legally meritorious positions. Right-wingers are going to oppose her nomination with full force - we would be foolish to do it for them.
President Obama's nomination of Sonia Sotomayor for the
Supreme Court should shock no one. What
is surprising is the relative lack of information about Sotomayor and one of
the most perennially controversial Constitutional issues: abortion rights.
In her time on the bench, Sotomayor's only major
abortion-related case was Center for Reproductive Law and Policy v. Bush – and her conclusion isn't
going to warm the hearts of reproductive rights activists. In that case, the
Center for Reproductive Law and Policy (now the Center for Reproductive Rights)
challenged the Global Gag Rule, a policy which barred U.S. money from funding
any organization abroad that so much as mentioned abortion as an option or
advocated for abortion rights. The
Center for Reproductive Law and Policy (CRLP) argued that the Gag Rule violated
their First Amendment, Equal Protection and Due Process rights. On the First Amendment claim, CRLP argued
that the Gag Rule prevented the organization from fully communicating with
international non-governmental organizations; if non-U.S.-based NGOs worked
with CRLP to advocate for abortion rights in their own countries, they would
lose U.S. funding. Thus, the Gag Rule's
speech-chilling effect prevented CRLP, a domestic organization, from carrying
out their mission, thereby curtailing their freedoms of speech and
association. CRLP also argued that the
Gag Rule violated their Fifth Amendment Equal Protection rights by privileging
anti-abortion views and putting the CRLP on unequal footing when it comes to
domestic competition with anti-choice organizations, and violated CRLP's Due
Process rights by, as Sotomayor summarized in her opinion, "failing to give clear notice of what speech and
activities they prohibit and by encouraging arbitrary and discriminatory
enforcement."
The Second Circuit ruled against CRLP, and Sotomayor was the
judge who penned the decision. She held
that that a previous case — Planned
Parenthood Federation of America,
Inc. v. Agency for International Development – "not only controls
this case conceptually; it presented the same issue." In that case:
This
Court rejected the challenge on the merits, finding "no constitutional
rights implicated" by the Policy and the Standard Clause. Planned
Parenthood, 915 F.2d at 66. The Court reasoned that the domestic NGOs
remained free to use their own funds to pursue abortion-related activities in
foreign countries and that "[t]he harm alleged in the complaint is the
result of choices made by foreign NGOs to take AID's money rather than engage
in non-AID funded cooperative efforts with plaintiffs-appellants." Id. at 64.
"Such an incidental effect" on the activities of the domestic NGOs,
the Court held, did not rise to the level of a constitutional violation. Id. The Court
concluded that "the Standard Clause does not prohibit
plaintiffs-appellants from exercising their first amendment rights." Id. Moreover, the
Court explained that whatever one might think of the Mexico City Policy,
"the wisdom of, and motivation behind, this policy are not justiciable
issues," and the Court found the restrictions to be rationally related to
the "otherwise nonjusticiable decision limiting the class of beneficiaries
of foreign aid." Id.
at 64-65. Having rejected plaintiffs' claims on the merits, this Court declined
to address the question of whether plaintiffs had standing under Article III. Id. at 66. Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
The First
Amendment claim was dismissed because the issue had already been decided in the Planned Parenthood case. The Due Process claim was dismissed for lack
of prudential standing, because CRLP's complaint did not fall within the "zone
of interests" protected by the Due Process Clause – it was a third party (the
foreign NGOs), not CRLP, whose rights are constitutionally unclear because of
the Gag Rules. The Equal Protection claim
was dismissed because the Gag Rule's privileging of anti-abortion views did not
infringe upon a fundamental Constitutional right or target a suspect class
(legalese for a classification of groups which have historically been subject
to discrimination, and therefore receive increased scrutiny under the Equal
Protection Clause); further, Sotomayor pointed out that "the Supreme Court has
made clear that the government is free to favor the anti-abortion position over
the pro-choice position, and can do so with public funds."
The Center for
Reproductive Law and Policy lost the case, and the Global Gag Rule continued to
compromise women's health around the globe until Barack Obama took office.
That outcome
disheartened feminists, liberals and reproductive justice advocates, and I wish
it had been decided differently. But the
decision wasn't necessarily a bad one – and it absolutely should not stop
progressive women's rights activists from supporting her nomination.
If anything, CRLP v. Bush highlights precisely why
Sotomayor should, in a sane world, be an easy confirmation: She sticks to the
rule of law, respects precedent and writes thoughtful and reasoned
opinions. She was nominated to the
federal district court by George H.W. Bush.
Her decisions are left-leaning insofar as she generally seeks to protect
Constitutional rights by supporting religious freedom and free speech, and she
often sides with the plaintiffs in discrimination cases – hardly "activist"
material. But she's not a liberal dream
by any stretch. She has some bad First
Amendment cases to her name (Doninger
v. Niehoff, where she sided with a school that disqualified a student
from running for senior class secretary after the student posted a vulgar
school-related message on her blog), and some bad Fourth Amendment ones (United
States v. Howard, where she held it was constitutional for state
troopers to entice suspects away from their cars in order to allow other
troopers to search the vehicles for drugs).
Those cases, though, are the exceptions rather than the rule; generally,
Sotomayor follows a fairly consistent Constitutional philosophy, and errs on
the side of maintaining rather than limiting rights.
Given her
history, it's hard to grasp why conservatives brand her "a liberal
activist of the first order who thinks her own personal political agenda is
more important than the law as written," as Wendy
E. Long, counsel to the right-wing Judicial Confirmation Network, put it. Sotomayor has clearly and consistently
deferred to "the law as written" — she's considerably less activist and
dogmatic than Bush's two Supreme Court appointees, John Roberts and Samual
Alito. Unfortunately for conservatives,
the law as written does affirm the rights to speak without governmental
intervention, to practice your religion freely, to be free from state-sponsored
religious exercises, to maintain your privacy, and to retain certain
protections even if you are a suspected criminal or a criminal defendant.
Sotomayor has embraced free speech rights even where the
speech was abhorrent (an NYPD officer mailing anonymous bigoted and racist materials
to charities requesting donations); stood up for victims of race, gender, age
and disability discrimination; and dissented
when the Second Circuit rejected a challenge to the New York law that
disenfranchises convicted felons. She is
by most accounts an intellectually gifted, hard-working and highly experienced
judge. So while there is unfortunately
little to go on with regard to her views on abortion rights, we know that
Sotomayor is a smart, capable left-leaning moderate. She's not going to undo
years of a conservative court alone but she is highly qualified and undoubtedly
progressive.
Sotomayor would not have been my first choice, primarily
because my political leanings are far to the left of her legal theory. But I'll be supporting her whole-heartedly. Her trail of opinions paints a picture of a
fair-minded, incisive legal scholar who is unafraid to stake out unpopular but
legally meritorious positions.
Right-wingers are going to oppose her nomination with full force – we
would be foolish to do it for them.
A video shows an Israeli public bus driver blatantly refusing to allow some passengers on her bus just because they are Palestinians.
A Palestinian laborer from the occupied West Bank, carrying an Israeli occupier permit to be in Tel Aviv, was trying to ride back home.
The driver refused to allow him to board, saying, “Palestinians don't ride to the territories with me.”
According to the video, this worker and several others were detained and harassed for two hours before police finally let them board the bus.
The incident was filmed at the Tel Aviv central bus station in October by Eran Vered for the organization Kav LaOved (Worker's Hotline) which describes itself as a group “committed to protecting the rights of disadvantaged workers employed in Israel and by Israelis in the Occupied Territories, including Palestinians, migrant workers, subcontracted workers and new immigrants,” and which is “committed to principles of democracy, equality and international law concerning human and social rights” (website).
The video opens with shots of clippings from recent Israeli media reports about popular pressure to ban Palestinians from public buses.
“Security” excuse for blatant racism
Last Week Haaretz reported that Israeli police were systematically removing Palestinians from buses and that Israel's transport ministry planned to set up segregated bus lines for them:
Police have begun ordering Palestinian laborers with legal work permits off buses from the Tel Aviv area to the West Bank, following complaints from settlers that Palestinians pose a security risk by riding the same buses as them. The Transportation Ministry says it is considering adding bus lines between West Bank roadblocks and central Israel; these would be geared toward Palestinian laborers. Still, such a plan would take at least a few months to go into effect. Earlier this month a bus operated by Afikim, a company with a government tender to serve West Bank settlements, pulled up at a police roadblock near the settlement of Elkana. The police, who later cited security reasons, ordered all the Palestinian passengers off - leaving them to walk several kilometers to the nearest checkpoint and pay for a taxi home, said an Israeli army reservist who was posted at the checkpoint.
Apologists for such racist practices take comfort in the “security” excuse, citing past bombings of buses by Palestinians as a justification.
But this video shows how this is merely a pretext. If “security” were the actual concern, then searching all passengers boarding the bus (without discrimination) would be one solution and, however inconvenient, would be much more efficient than the hours of argument that occurred.
And if these particular passengers posed a risk, then why did the driver and others seem so unconcerned about their own safety during the hours the Palestinian men were on, and close to the bus while they argued for the right to ride it?
Violent attacks on Palestinians riding transport
The safety of Palestinians is also at stake. While violent Israeli attacks on Palestinians are far more frequent than Palestinian attacks on Israelis, they usually do not take place on public transport.
However this is not unheard of. Last August, six Palestinians, including two young children were horribly burned, when a firebomb was hurled at the taxi they were riding near the Jewish settlement of “Bat Ayin” in the occupied West Bank. Israeli police arrested three settler teens in the attack.
In 2005, Israeli soldier and West Bank settler Eden Natan-Zada shot dead four Palestinian citizens of Israel aboard a bus in the northern city of Shefa Amr and injured 10 others.
In a prime example of its Jim Crow-style justice, Israel never bothered to properly investigate the murders by Natan-Zada, but eventually charged Palestinian survivors who stopped his murderous rampage by killing him, with “attempted murder.”
Given the frequency of settler attacks on Palestinians, it is the Palestinian workers who are at greatest risk riding buses with settlers.
Apartheid economy
While such blatant, unapologetic racism is disturbing, it is also important to step back and see how this fits into the larger apartheid economy. These bus lines are meant to serve Israeli colonial settlers living on occupied, stolen Palestinian land in the West Bank. These settlements are illegal under international law.
Palestinian laborers from the West Bank are members of an occupied population with virtually no rights or protection. They are exploited to do low-paid work in Israel's apartheid economy, and then subjected to Jim Crow-like discrimination. Unlike Rosa Parks, they are not even given the back of the bus. They can't ride the bus at all.
That, sadly, is a perfect metaphor for what life is like for Palestinians in their native land under the racist rule of the so-called “Jewish and democratic” state.
In his debut before the U.N. General Assembly last week, President Trump vowed to “totally destroy North Korea” if the United States “is forced to defend itself or its allies.” Analysts are divided over whether the president's message aids or undermines efforts to resolve the crisis on the Korean Peninsula. In domestic politics, however, polling suggests that the president's hawkishness may be outpacing public sentiment.
Just 33 percent of Americans believe the United States should threaten North Korea with military action to try to settle the current situation, according to a CBS News poll fielded in the days after Trump's pledge to unleash “fire and fury” against Kim Jong-un's regime. American attitudes on this question are—perhaps unsurprisingly—strongly colored by partisanship. Ninety percent of Democrats oppose the president's threats of military action, as do 58 percent of independent voters. Republicans are less monolithic than are Democrats: Nearly two-thirds of Republicans support threats of military action, while 30 percent oppose them.
Americans are also decidedly split on the potential for economic and diplomatic tools to produce a peaceful outcome. A CNN poll released at the end of last week found that just 43 percent of Americans believe the situation in North Korea can be resolved through economic and diplomatic efforts. This figure that includes a thin majority of Democrats (55 percent), and a minority of Independents (43 percent) and Republicans (32 percent). Optimism about prospects for a diplomatic solution appears to have declined in recent weeks, as North Korea continues to launch missiles that may becapable of hitting the United States and its territories. Last month, a Quinnipiac Survey found that 64 percent of Americans believed the U.S. would be able to resolve the situation diplomatically rather than militarily. While the poll questions used slightly different wording, the shift in sentiment is striking. This shift may well be animated by the perception that North Korea poses an “imminent” threat to the United States, a viewpoint held by half of Americans, including a majority of Republicans (61 percent) and a plurality of Democrats (45 percent) and independents (48 percent).
When it comes to commitments to U.S. allies in North Korea's vicinity, 74 percent of Americans affirm that the United States has a duty to protect its allies, according to a new NPR/Ipsos poll. This view enjoys cross-party support—from roughly three-quarters each of Republicans, Democrats and independents. The support is strongest among Republicans. Forty percent of Republicans say they “strongly agree” that the United States has an obligation to protects its allies in East Asia—nearly twice the share of Democrats who say same. Republican sentiment appears to keep pace with Trump's apparent about-face from espousing isolationism during the campaign to affirming “ironclad” diplomatic commitments as president.
In a further departure from isolationism, 58 percent of Americans say they would support military action against North Korea if peaceful efforts fail to achieve the United States' goals. This figure includes a striking share of Republicans: 82 percent. And 55 percent of independents and 46 percent of Democrats say the same. Americans are significantly more hawkish now than they were in January 2003, shortly after North Korea restarted its nuclear reactors and expelled international inspectors. At that time, a Gallup poll found that only 47 percent of Americans said they would support military action if diplomatic efforts fail. Republicans appear to being driving this shift in sentiment: GOP support for military action increased 23 points, from 59 percent to 82 percent. Democrats' opposition to the use of military force, by contrast, has intensified since 2003, bumping up from 41 t to 46 percent.
The support for military action detailed above is predicated on the failure of diplomatic efforts, and Americans do not yet believe diplomatic efforts have failed. Three quarters (76 percent) support the imposition of even tougher economic sanctions, while just 39 percent of Americans say they would support bombing North Korean military targets, according to a Washington Post/ABC News poll released this weekend.
Defining the point where economic and diplomatic efforts fail is complex as a matter of policy, and the associated politics will almost certainly be fraught with partisan commitments. Americans' support for military strikes against North Korea may turn on whether the public comes to believe—as national security adviser H.R. McMaster has suggested in recent days—that the United States faces an imminent threat and a dearth of diplomatic options.
JOHN CENA INJURY CLARIFICATION [UPDATED 7:18 PM]
While the injury angle on Raw was planned, John Cena did suffer a groin strain [Updated: I incorrectly wrote tear earlier today; I apologize for the error] during the angle on Monday.
Cena gutted through a house show match last night in North Charleston, SC against Randy Orton but was hurting. He actually apologized to the live crowd afterward for not giving them the performance he wanted to give.
One person who worked the event last night said Cena was "pretty bad off" but was gutting through it since it was Wrestlemania season. "No matter what anyone wants to say about him, Cena's the machine - he keeps going."
We are also told WWE wanted to pull Cena from the house shows this weekend and he refused.
If you enjoy PWInsider.com you can check out the AD-FREE PWInsider Elite section, which features exclusive audio updates, news, our critically acclaimed podcasts, interviews and more, right now for THREE DAYS free by clicking here!
In the previous installment of this history series, the three major civilisations of New Eden had all made contact with each other, and for some time the Amarr appeared to be superior. Despite being plagued by internal intrigue and religious heresy, they had subjugated and enslaved many peoples, including the Minmatar tribes. Still, after the secession of the Khanid Kingdom, imperial power appeared to be waning. To reassert their position as the chosen people of God, the Amarr moved against the seemingly weak Jove to gain more slaves and prove their might to the Gallente and Caldari, whom they viewed with distrust.
The Great Revolt
Convinced that the Jove would not be a serious threat, the Amarr mobilised their fleets in 23216 and swiftly sent a strike force of 200 ships to overrun enemy defenses. They did sweep away the first obstacles in their path, but when the Jove actually responded in the system of Vak'Atioth, the Amarr Navy contingent was annihilated completely by technologically more advanced ships and weaponry, including a massive Jove mothership. Enraged by such total failure, Emperor Heideran VII sentenced all responsible commanders who had survived to execution, and had their families enslaved. Unaccustomed to defeat, the Imperial military command was thrown into a confused panic. The Amarr were right about one thing though, the Jove were not a militaristic people and had no desire to further engage in armed conflict. However, they did retaliate in their own way. Working in concert with the Gallente Federation Intelligence Service, the Jove spread word of the disruption to Amarr military command through the ranks of Minmatar in bondage and free partisans alike. With some outside support, resistance cells, guerilla units, and groups of rebellious slaves all activated in a coordinated way and rose against the Empire at its moment of weakness.
For centuries, the Amarr had been so convinced of their own superiority that they became complacent, and simply could not react in a comprehensive way to the uprising of their slaves. On the first day alone, more Amarr died than during the entire Khanid secession conflict. The slave revolt spread throughout the Empire for weeks before the Emperor and his military command finally developed a coordinated response. As a first step, Heideran VII quickly offered peace to the Jove who readily accepted it. As far as they were concerned, the Amarr threat was averted. Internally, Heideran VII again decided to ensure stability inside the core regions of the Empire, like he did during the Khanid secession. He ordered the withdrawal of all troops and citizens from systems with the highest Minmatar concentrations, particularly Pator and the surrounding constellations. When he realised that the exiled Order of Tetrimon were eager to defend imperial rule over the rebellious slaves, Heideran VII cleared them of the heresy charges he had previously brought against them. In his most risky political decision at the time, he granted the Ammatar greater independence and leave to occupy any former Amarr systems they could pacify. Many opposed this move to grant such freedom to people who were technically still ethnic Minmatar, but Heideran VII prevailed. What used to be a province under Ardishapur control became the autonomous Ammatar Mandate but remained loyal to the Empire and supported their fighting withdrawal.
With its defenses shored up, the Amarr Empire finally managed to suppress the rebellion. When the dust settled, though, dozens of systems had been wrested from Imperial rule before the year came to an end. Liberated slaves and rebel fighters of four tribes, the Brutor, Krusual, Sebiestor and Vherokior occupied the freed worlds. The surviving Starkmanir remained in hiding among the Ammatar, while the Thukker fully reverted to their nomadic roots and formed great interstellar caravans that ventured into unsettled space.
Birth Of The Republic
By the end of 23216, the Gallente dropped every political pretense and started openly supporting the free Minmatar. The Federation government recognised their sovereignty and immediately sent supplies, construction crews, and weapons to the free tribes. After centuries of slavery, the Minmatar had no idea how to form an interstellar society from the remnants of tribal traditions long suppressed by their Amarr rulers, so the Gallente also sent a cadre of sociopolitical advisors to help with that process. The Federation had much to gain from a thankful ally with a cause. Strengthening the Minmatar and ensuring that they developed a government which was friendly would certainly keep the Amarr in check, with whom the Gallente only had an uneasy truce. Furthermore, that would protect the Federation's exposed “northeastern” systems from Caldari incursions. Over the centuries, the Gallente had gained experience on integrating deeply traditional societies like the Intaki or the Jin Mei into a democratic structure, and they applied that knowledge to the formation of a new Minmatar Republic: A nation which retained a lot of traditional tribal culture, but was regulated by a system modeled after the Federation government. Following Gallente guidance, the Minmatar created a parliament comprised of tribal representatives instead of political parties, and headed by a prime minister rather than a more traditional council of elders. To say that the Gallente created a puppet regime would be an exaggeration, but the Federation certainly did its best to groom a new ally, especially after their relations with the Jove had cooled down.
The Empire did not stand by idly while its enemies multiplied, however. In an effort to tip the balance of power, they re-opened negotiations with the Caldari. Although the Amarr were still wary of that corporate nation and did not really consider them as equals, they had to admit that the Caldari remained successful at fighting the Gallente for more than a century. The Caldari mega-corporations, on the other hand, were sympathetic since they saw the Amarr as yet another victim of Gallente meddling. As a result, the two nations signed a non-aggression pact in 23222, followed by strong economic cooperation and exchange of military intelligence, mainly on the Gallente. With their northern border secured, the Amarr reorganised the Imperial Navy and began preparations for a major campaign against the fledgeling Minmatar Republic. Before that strategic plan could come to fruition though, an unexpected Gallente initiative halted the effort.
The Formation Of CONCORD
The idealistic Gallente senator and diplomat Aidonis Elabon, had become popular within the Federation, and his great ambition was peace between all nations of New Eden. The Minmatar were already on his side, despite popular sentiments supporting further retaliation against the Amarr and the liberation of all remaining slaves. Regardless of how the people felt, the Minmatar government realised that they did not have the military strength to openly engage the Amarr. Elabon had also done his best to quench the Matari thirst for revenge because the Amarr were instrumental to his plan. To achieve universal peace, he needed the Caldari to join the negotiations as well, and naturally the Corporate Council would refuse to participate in any process that appeared to be under Gallente control. Most certainly, the Empire was not under Federation influence, and so Aidonis Elabon hoped that their participation would dispel any suspicions the Cadari might have.
As a former Gallente ambassador to the Empire, Elabon was familiar enough with the Amarr mindset to conduct successful negotiations and he knew that the Emperor had become weary of war. During his reign, Heideran VII had dealt with the Khanid rebellion, and the failed campaign against the Jove and the Minmatar uprising. Each time he had concentrated on stabilising the Empire rather than responding with aggressive force, and it soon became clear that a majority of the Privy Council also preferred internal consolidation over military expansion. The Kador heir followed the line of his venerable predecessor, the Tash-Murkon family were more interested in business than warfare, and house Kor-Azor had already been in favour of a less aggressive foreign policy. Heideran VII partially appeased the Sarum and Ardishapur heirs by refusing to negotiate with the Minmatar as an equal party and Aidonis Elabon gave in, certain that he could bring the Minmatar to the table at a later stage. Once Amarr, Caldari, Gallente and Jove were close to formulating an agreement, Aidonis Elabon made his gamble by announcing that the Minmatar Republic had already agreed to sign the founding document for a multilateral peacekeeping force. Initially, the Amarr protested, but by that time the negotiations had progressed too far to allow failure, and the creation of CONCORD was ratified in 23230. Heideran VII did his best to keep the more belligerent houses satisfied, by appointing the Sarum vassal Litor Thress as Amarr's first representative on the CONCORD inner council.
Eventually, the Amarr managed to salvage some of their pride during the first summit involving all founding parties of the CONCORD agreement in 23236. The purpose of this conference was to establish a unified system of time reckoning, the introduction of a universal currency and the drafting of transnational regulations for conflict resolution. Despite significant Minmatar protests, Amarr timekeeping became the basis for the New Eden Universal Time. Taking its name from the Jove cruiser where the negotiations took place, the new count declared 23236 year zero of the Yoiul Conference (YC 0)
Imperial Decline
Signing the Yoiul Conference agreements became one of the last political acts ailing Emperor Heideran VII performed. He had been diagnosed with Turit Disease, a progressively worsening condition of the nervous system which began with paralysis of the extremities and would eventually lead to death by organ failure. While Heideran's chamberlain Dochuta Karsoth took over most affairs of the Empire, the Minmatar grew ever bolder during their incursions to liberate slaves. CONCORD treaties limited open warfare between the signatories, but the Republic openly sponsored privateers who made use of newly constructed Minmatar warships designed to outmaneuver the traditionally cumbersome Amarr Navy vessels.
As a result, the Amarr developed new and insidious ways to keep their slaves bound to them. The first step was a viral agent called Vitoxin sold under the brand name Vitoc. Tailored to affect only Minmatar, this virus would lead to an excruciating death unless a vaccine was administered regularly. In a further effort to ensure that their slaves remain docile, the Amarr then made deals with a visionary Caldari businessman who had started his own “nation”—Sansha Kuvakei. While promising a utopia, Kuvakei secretly developed implant technology that would allow him to turn his followers into unconditionally loyal subjects. The Amarr supplied him with large amounts of Minmatar test subjects for this research, in the hope that they would reap the benefits as well. Before that could happen, Kuvakei's plot became exposed, and the Gallente pushed for a CONCORD mandate to put an end to “Sansha's Nation”. They gained immediate support from the other treaty members, and CONCORD demanded that Kuvakei disband his organisation, which he refused. Unwilling to risk a unified front forming against them, the Amarr grudgingly gave in and joined the resulting military campaign against Kuvakei's nation in YC 37.
Unable to assert itself on the political stage and formally lead by a half-dead Emperor, the Amarr Empire declined further. Not only was it beset by constant Minmatar attacks and suffering from humiliating political defeat during a territorial dispute with the Gallente Federation, it also faced the threat of a spectre from the past. Millennia ago, a sinister cult of human sacrifice and blood rituals had been purged as heretics. Now it turned out that this sect—the Sani Sabik—was far from dead. Under the leadership of Omir Sarikusa, the remnants of that cult had reunited as the Blood Raiders, and began to attack colonies from hidden bases in the Bleak Lands region. Ever since the Khanid rebellion, noble families were forbidden from forming their own fleets, stretching the Imperial Navy thin defending Amarr space against both Minmatar and Blood Raiders.
The Amarr Empire appeared to have entered a slow decline while the Minmatar Republic was ascendent. Soon, however, a new age would dawn, and with its arrival everything was about to change.
While being awarded the 2008 Summer Olympics allowed Beijing to construct new architectural icons and receive international accolades, its current reality is a collection of unused sports facilities with few if any plans for reuse.
London gets ready for the Summer Games See full coverage
It could take 30 years to pay off the $471 million bill for the Bird's Nest, while the Water Cube lost about $1 million last year even after public financial assistance and the addition of a water park.
And those are the facilities still in use. Venues for kayaking, beach volleyball, BMX, and baseball sit untouched since 2008. Signage and landscaping appear to have gone without maintenance since the closing ceremonies.
Beijing Olympics officials approached the 2008 Games as an opportunity to host the world's biggest sporting event, not to create infrastructure of permanent importance. Now Beijing is left with a post-Olympics landscape that better suits the taste of ruin porn aficionados than urban development officials. It's a story that should serve as a warning not only to London but future cities that have their sights set on investing billions into new infrastructure for a two-and-a-half week event.
Kyiv, September 4, 2015. The Ministry of Health of Ukraine (MOH) held a meeting of the Coordination working group on the support polio-free status of Ukraine. The MOH together with colleagues from the World Health Organisation (WHO) and UNICEF began to develop an action plan to stop the virus spread. According to the plan the Ministry will appoint the Response Staff, obtaining the second batch of polyvalent vaccine as humanitarian aid, strengthening epidemiological surveillance activities through the Health Inspection Service laboratories, sending the vaccine to the regions and developing recommendations both for the national and regional institutions and for patients – children and parents. This was reported by Ihor Perehinets, Deputy Minister of Health of Ukraine and international experts from the WHO and UNICEF during a press briefing at Ukraine Crisis Media Center.
“The situation is currently in a phase of active planning and is fully under control,” assured Ihor Perehinets. He said that for almost two years international partners actively warned Ukraine about the threat of disease outbreak due to low vaccination coverage. The Ministry of Health started preparing for vaccination program as early as in spring. In May we received the first batch of the polyvalent vaccine from the WHO with the assistance of the Government of Canada. Taking into consideration this preparation, the MOH has already some experience, but changes the vaccination campaign nature from a preventive one to “outbreak response”. Detailed vaccination plan is currently under development.
Shahin Huseynov, immunization expert of the WHO European Office, said that the campaign provides for vaccination of all children under six years, regardless of whether they have been vaccinated before. “This is a very rare case,” he stressed. In the last 15 years there were only 26 outbreaks of this rare type of vaccine-derived poliovirus and 756 cases of vaccine-derived poliovirus outbreaks as a whole. The last outbreak was recorded in Madagascar, and now we have two cases in Ukraine,” said Shahin Huseynov. He stressed that under inadequate sanitary-hygienic conditions both children and adults who have not been vaccinated are at risk. Dragoslav Popovich, UNICEF Representative in Ukraine, explained that due to the fact that oral polio vaccine has been used in Ukraine for a long period and most adults have been vaccinated, they are not at risk. “Reduction of vaccination in Ukraine has been observed since 2008. That is why it is necessary to immunize children born during the last eight years,” he said.
Giovanna Barbaris, UNICEF Representative in Ukraine, emphasized that it is extremely important to inform people about what polio is, and what the threat of vaccine-derived poliovirus is. “Only 27% of mothers understand that poliovirus can cause paralysis, she said. – The vaccination campaign must be accompanied by an appropriate information campaign.”
Ihor Perehinets pointed out that there are sixty thousand doses of vaccine in the regions of Ukraine, of which about two thousand – in Zakarpatska region. There are 600000 doses of inactivated polio vaccine and 1 million 100 thousand doses of oral polio vaccine in the warehouses. They will be distributed and sent to the regions over the next 1 – 1.5 weeks. MOH is currently receiving the next batch of humanitarian polio vaccine, then Ukraine will have 3 million 700 thousand doses of oral polio vaccine and 1 million. 100 thousand doses of inactivated polio vaccine. “Vaccination will be carried out by state funds and despite the gravity of the situation, without any coercion,” assured the Deputy Minister of Health of Ukraine.
It should be recalled that outbreak of poliomyelitis caused by circulating vaccine-derived poliovirus type I was recorded in Zakarpatska region. Now a 10-month-old baby and a four-year-old boy are beginning to recover. They live in different towns, but in both cases genetic similarity of the pathogen has been revealed, confirming active circulation of vaccine-derived poliovirus in the area.
Former president Barack Obama called America a “racist society,” and said the anti-black racism is so entrenched that it infects both blacks and whites.
That's what Pulitzer Prize-winning author David Garrow claims in his forthcoming biography “Rising Star: The Making of Barack Obama.”
Garrow said Obama and his friend Robert Fischer wrote hundreds of pages for a book when they were in law school. The book was never published, but reportedly captured Obama's thoughts on how racist American society is.
Garrow told the Jamie Weinstein Show (audio below; discussion of Obama book starts 46 minutes in) that Obama may not have been elected president if his condemnation of “racist America” had been made public before his election.
Melania wins damages for libel over bogus ‘call girl' story: See newspaper's groveling apology
Garrow, who conducted more than 1,000 interviews for his biography, claimed Obama wrote the following in his unpublished book as a Harvard Law School student:
Racism against African-Americans continues to exist throughout American society, an admittedly racist culture. Precisely because America is a racist society, we cannot realistically expect white America to make special concessions toward blacks over the long haul. The greatest testimony to the force of racist ideology in American culture is that it infects not only the mind of whites, but the minds of blacks as well.
Garrow, who won the 1987 Pulitzer Prize for his biography of Martin Luther King Jr., said he believes the public will be surprised at Obama's militant views on anti-black racism.
“Barack and his closest friend in the early 1990s, when they were in law school, wrote several hundred pages of a proposed book manuscript that was never published,” Garrow said. “Particularly the 140 pages or so of that manuscript that are about race give significant insight into Barack's thinking when he was leaving law school and about to enter into public life in Illinois.”
Garrow said Obama's views might have derailed his presidential election if they had been made public.
“Had some Republican opposition researcher [discovered the book manuscript] … there are multiple things that could have been used to Guinier him,” Garrow said, referencing Lani Guinier, a nominee for assistant attorney general for civil rights in 1993. Bill Clinton had nominated Guinier, but later withdrew his nomination after inflammatory racial statements she had made in law school surfaced.
Barack Obama made history as the first African-American president of the United States. While Obama is hailed as an icon and a champion of black America, he's half-white and was raised by his white mom Ann Dunham and his white grandparents after his mom and Kenyan dad (Barack Obama Sr.) divorced in 1964, when Barack was 3 years old.
Moms furious that middle school forces children to learn about Islam but not Christianity
When Obama was elected president in 2008, he won a record 54% of young white votes in “racist America.” Before that, no Democratic presidential nominee had won more than 45% of young whites for three decades.
The new flagship device for 2015 from HTC is weeks away from its unveiling. At this point, we aren't sure if it will be called the One (M9) or “Hima” or something else, but we are pretty sure that we caught a glimpse of the updated model today. Early reports (and those images) suggest that this phone will look incredibly similar to last year's One (M8), only with updated specs inside to make it a modern day powerhouse. You could argue to either side that sticking with the same design is either bad or good for HTC, but I would say that we tend to be somewhere in the middle, leaning towards “good” – it could potentially be a really good move. What I mean is that we loved the look and premium feel of last year's phone, so sticking with it makes sense. It's just that there were some glaring issues with the phone that kept it off of our chart for Android phone of the year.
Since we are so close to a reveal and we have seen what may be our first looks at the device, we thought it was time to talk about how HTC can improve upon last year's model to make a phone that few Android OEMs will know how to compete with. HTC was so close last year (and the year before), they just needed to ditch the camera gimmickry and focus on some of the smaller details.
Here are 5 ways this new HTC flagship can be the phone of the year.
Stick to a similar formula, just tweak it.
As the images from this morning show, HTC may stick to a similar formula this year with their new One (or whatever it will be called). I actually don't mind that move. Not only was last year's phone ultra-premium and ticked off almost all of the must-have boxes, bringing back a similar design continues to let fans and future fans of HTC devices easily associate a premium aesthetic with the brand. Their brand has taken a major hit over the last couple of years, but by bringing back familiarity year in and year out, HTC could eventually find that success again in the high-end arena.
But also, as I mentioned in the opening, HTC almost created the perfect smartphone last year. Why change it up drastically this year? All the phone really needs are a few tweaks (which I'm about to discuss) and HTC has done it – made the perfect phone.
Camera gimmicks be gone.
When HTC introduced the original One (M7) with its 4MP camera that the company dubbed “UltraPixel” technology, we sort of gave them a pass. They were trying to push bigger pixels that capture more light and are better in low-light situations instead of worrying about MegaPixel count. The idea made a little sense, except for the fact that pictures only came out with a meager 4MP resolution, meaning they were only good for sharing on Facebook or Instagram, not editing or printing or zooming into or doing anything serious with. For many people, 4MP is probably good enough, but when the only camera with you 24-7 is the one on your smartphone, you might want it to be a bit more flexible than just a glorified social network sharer. Think about it – phones now have QHD displays and the displays in your house will soon become 4K.
And then HTC gave us the One (M8) a year later and we assumed we would get a real camera or at least a 8MP “UltraPixel” camera. Nope. We got the same gimmicky 4MP shooter, but with a gimmicky Duo sensor set above it to capture depth information that could be bokeh'd after the fact. I can't even begin to describe the disappointment that this camera pushed upon us.
So this year, all signs point to a 20.7MP Sony sensor that ditches the UltraPixel and Duo garbage and should just shoot good pictures. HTC knows what they are doing with optics, I think we can all admit that. Look at their camera app and camera performances over the years – they are always our favorites. They just needed to get out of their own way the last two years, instead of trying to reinvent smartphone cameras with marketing terms.
We obviously don't know how good the 20.7MP sensor on the new device will be until we use it, but the thought of HTC's premium built phones with a real camera inside makes us giddy.
Add some texture to this slippery beast.
Metal phones are all the rage these days, whether you like it or not. Thanks to Apple pushing the limits with premium design, everyone else wants to do the same, which means metal is where the design world has gone. HTC was one of the first to put as much metal in a phone as is humanly possible with the One (M7), even making it somewhat of a signature for their premium brand of phones. The One (M8) had an even more metal-y body than the (M7), and the new One (M9) will likely have something similar.
Unfortunately, metal has one major issue that may be difficult to overcome – it's beyond slippery. Both the One (M7) and (M8) were two of the slipperiest devices I have ever used. The slipperiness still bugs me to this day, each time I pick them up. If your hand isn't coated in moisture as you grab them, be prepared to feel the slippage. And because of their oddly tall designs, you have to constantly adjust your grip on the phone when using one hand, which of course is a major problem with something this slick.
Now, I don't know how HTC can improve the grip on the new One, but this is a problem that needs to be addressed. I'm certainly not the only person who thinks their phones are too slippery. Either, add some additional texture or remove whatever coating is over the metal and replace it with something else.
Power button should always be on the side.
HTC was one of the last manufacturers to stick with a power button placed on the top of the phone's body; they did it with both the One (M7) and (M8). All signs are pointing to that changing with the new One (their Desire EYE has a side button), but we have to point out how important this move is. Because of how tall, slippery, and awkward the One body can be to hold, a side power button removes some extra needed adjustments, which could in turn mean less chance for a drop and broken device. It's also super convenient, since your phone is there already anyway.
The HTC black bar needs to go.
If there was one complaint we saw time and time again last year as the One (M8) leaked left and right, it was over the fact that the device sported a massive black bar that housed an HTC logo. HTC, of course, claimed after launch that the black bar hid important “circuitry” and was there for a reason, but most remain unconvinced that there isn't a way to get rid of this section altogether to shrink the phone's height.
Part of the problem with last year's One (M8) is how tall the device is in hand. It's not wide, but it is tall, which makes it difficult to reach the notification area and that top-placed power button. The leaked pictures of this year's One still show that massive black area with HTC logo, so I think we have lost this battle. That's really too bad, because with that area gone, this phone loses a half-inch of height and becomes as perfect in size as a phone can get in today's oversized phone world.
HTC, I would take a thicker phone if it meant you could move that “circuitry” elsewhere. Your logo on the back coupled with the all-metal body is all I need to know that I'm using your phone.
Do all of that, HTC, while keeping with the same formula as last year and it will be hard for anyone to beat you. No, I'm not talking about sales, I'm simply talking about a phone deserving of a “phone of the year” title.
You still can't get Google Glass(s goog) in a retail store but more people can actually purchase the wearable device directly from Google. Starting in the next few weeks, Google is allowing each Google Explorer to invite three others to purchase Glass. In a Google+ post on Monday Google said that current Glass owners who paid $1,500 for Glass can also do a one-time hardware swap.
Theoretically, the new program could increase the total number of Glass owners by a factor of three. Since roughly 8,000 Explorers previously purchased Glass, that would mean around 24,000 people wearing Glass; a solid number of total users. Google initially limited the program to gather feedback and improve the product; something it does monthly with software updates.
Advertisement
But Google is improving the hardware too. In the post, it says:
“We want to say “thank you” for all the amazing feedback we've been getting, so later this year, all Explorers will have a one-time option to swap out their existing Glass for a new one. This hardware update will allow your Glass to work with future lines of shades and prescription frames, and we'll also include a mono earbud. “
It sounds like Google has worked out the mechanism needed to accept prescription glasses. That's good news because in my testing of Glass with my own glasses, wearing two pairs of eyeglasses is less than ideal. The mono earbud is something I didn't see coming but it's still welcome: People near me can hear Glass when it's speaking.
New Glass purchases, or previous owners that swap out hardware, will be able to have the device shipped directly to them.
Updated at 2:08 pm: The article incorrectly stated that original Glass Explorers were required to pick up their Glass at a Google location.
Story highlights Four of the five blasts occurred in the Shiite heartland in the southern region of Iraq
Another was in Mahmoudiya, a predominantly Sunni area just south of Baghdad
No one immediately claims responsibility
Iraq has seen an uptick in violence in recent months
The longstanding bad blood between Sunnis and Shiites in Iraq boiled Monday amid another round of attacks: the killing of 25 people and wounding of dozens more in five car bombings.
Four of the blasts occurred in the Shiite heartland in the southern region of Iraq.
Two car bombs exploded near a busy outdoor market in Amara, killing 13 people and wounding 24 others. A bomb went off near an outdoor market in Diwaniya, killing six people and wounding 20 others. And two people died and 11 others were wounded in a bombing at a commercial area in Karbala.
Another blast occurred in Mahmoudiya, a predominantly Sunni area just south of Baghdad. Four people were killed and 14 others were wounded in that attack.
JUST WATCHED Deadly wave of bombings across Iraq Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Deadly wave of bombings across Iraq 02:13
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks, nor was it clear whether they were related.
But the fighting has prompted fears among Iraqi leaders and international powers that the tensions between Sunnis and Shiites could escalate and bring a return of the full-blown sectarian war that raged last decade.
Since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein's government last decade, Sunni Arabs have been politically marginalized and Shiites, who represent a majority of Iraqis, have emerged with more power.
There have been protests for months by Sunni Arabs against the Shiite-led government and its prime minister, Nuri al-Maliki. The anger has escalated since a confrontation last week between police and protesters in Hawija.
The International Crisis Group last week said that the "failure to integrate Sunni Arabs into a genuinely representative political system in Baghdad risks turning Iraq's domestic crisis into a broader regional struggle."
"The most urgent task today is to tamp down the flames, and the burden for this lies above all with the government," the Belgium-based think tank said in a report.
"The country is at a crossroads," said Martin Kobler, U.N. special representative in Iraq.
With the opening of Landmark Theatres' Atlantic Plumbing location last October—the latest opening in D.C.'s current and future cinema boom—friendly competition among the District's movie theater chains seemed inevitable. Apparently, it's not so friendly.
Yesterday, Landmark filed suit in federal court against Regal Cinemas—the largest movie theater circuit in the country—alleging that it holds a monopoly in showing first-run commercial movies in D.C., something detrimental to Landmark's success in the District, specifically at its new Atlantic Plumbing theater.
According to the lawsuit, which singles out Regal's Gallery Place theater, “Regal has used its national circuit power, its dominant presence in the greater D.C. area, and its monopoly power in the relevant markets to coerce film distributors to deprive Landmark, its competitor in the relevant markets of fair competitive access to commercial films to exhibit to the public at its competing theater, all as a means of perpetuating and enlarging its circuit power and monopoly power in the relevant markets and of insulating itself from competition on the merits.”
Landmark, primarily, is an indie theater chain that typically programs smaller indie and foreign films that wouldn't normally play at Regal Cinemas (hence why this lawsuit has never come up before, even with Gallery Place's close proximity to Landmark's E Street Cinema). But with its new, lush Atlantic Plumbing theater, Landmark says they want to program “desirable, commercial, ‘first run,' feature-length motion pictures” and that Regal's monopoly power makes it so that exhibitors won't license the film rights to them for screening within the market.
For filmgoers looking to see new commercial films in that market, which the lawsuit describes as the “District Core” (basically, downtown D.C. and the surrounding Northwest neighborhoods), the only option is Regal Gallery Place. But Landmark's Atlantic Plumbing theater wants to be that second option for filmgoers, and one that it says is far more desirable than Regal's Gallery Place theater.
The suit details poor consumer experiences at Gallery Place as “typical,” highlighting “long ticket and concession lines, large, loud, and unpleasant crowds (including teens and children) that can destroy the movie-going experience, a virtually constant police presence, sold-out shows, exorbitantly priced concessions, ticket price surcharges/fees, bag searches, dirty bathrooms, and standard (non-plush/oversized seatings.” The lawsuit goes on to list specific examples of consumers' reports: “When seeing comedies, there tends to be a disproportionately huge number of annoyingly whooping, talking, and texting teens;” “Two out of three times, someone will be in there w[ith] their crying baby, loud kids shouting… or on the phone during the movie.”
Meanwhile, with its reserved seating, 40-seat bar, and swanky lounge area that resembles a “a tricked out Restoration Hardware ad," the Atlantic Plumbing theater is attempting to cater to different filmgoing crowd. But Regal's alleged monopoly on commercial films is making it hard for Landmark to program its Atlantic Plumbing theater the way it wants to.
According to the lawsuit, Landmark sought the licenses to show films such as Star Wars: The Force Awakens, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 2, Spectre, Burnt, and Our Brand Is Crisis at its Atlantic Plumbing theater, only to have each distributor refuse the license “because Regal's Gallery Place had demanded an exclusive license for the film and had informed the distributor that it would not play the film at its Gallery Place theater if the film were licensed to Landmark's Atlantic Plumbing theater."
Additionally, in the few cases where Landmark was granted the license to show commercial films at Atlantic Plumbing–for Steve Jobs, Love the Coopers, and Miss You Already—Regal allegedly refused to play the films at Gallery Place, the suit claims.
Photo by Darrow Montgomery
ENGLEWOOD—For the first in Denver Broncos' history, the father of the head coach has a sausage concession stand behind the stadium's south stands scoreboard.
Tony DeCamillis, father of Joe DeCamillis, spends Broncos' game days running Uncle Angelo's Italian Specialties, where the specialty is sausages.
“Please don't encourage him in any way,'' Sharon DeCamillis, Joe's mom and Tony's wife, said half-jokingly about her husband. “I'm sure Joe would say that, too.''
Tony and Sharon raised four sons in Arvada. All got college diplomas. Pat is now head wrestling coach and freshmen football coach at Broomfield High School. Peter is a Jefferson County child advocate attorney. Chris is a Broadway stage manager in New York who is currently working with actor Liev Schreiber on the French play, Les Liaisons Dangereuses.
And Joe is the Broncos' head coach, if only on an interim basis for one week.
Gary Kubiak is expected back to work Monday after doctors told the Broncos' full-time head coach he needed to take this week off to treat his complex migraine. Broncos general manager John Elway promoted DeCamillis from his usual special teams coordinator position to lead the Broncos into their first AFC West Division game of the season Thursday night at San Diego.
Sign up for the 9NEWSLETTER Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the 9NEWSLETTER Please try again later.
Submit
“I'm happy for him, but I'm just worried … but he'll do fine,'' Sharon said.
She's a mom. Moms worry.
“I think it's great,'' Tony said. “I think he'll do an excellent job. I have to keep myself in control so I don't bother him.''
Funny coincidence. Sharon has family in California and long before DeCamillis got the interim gig, arrangements were made for them to attend the Broncos-Chargers' game on Thursday night.
“I texted him (Monday) morning – I didn't know anything about this, but he told me to text him and remind me about tickets,'' Tony said. “So I texted him and said I need eight tickets. He said, ‘OK.' And then I didn't hear anything about it until one of my sons (Pat) called me up and said, “Hey, guess who's the interim head coach?''
Good thing it's a road game. Tony would have been too busy working to catch much of his son's head coaching debut if it was played at Sports Authority Field at Mile High. Tony and Sharon DeCamillis still live in Arvada although not in the home they raised their sons in.
“It's a good opportunity and he'll do an excellent job because all the players respect him,'' Tony said. “And that's what he brings to the table. Both my sons who are coaches relate very well to teaching.''
An unnamed "senior aide" to Hillary Clinton, who was secretary of state at the time, left behind classified material unsecured and unattended in a hotel room following a trip to China in 2010, according to a new report.
News of the 2010 security mishap, which was first discovered by Fox News, comes as the FBI revisits its investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server during her tenure at the State Department. New documents, which the bureau believes could be pertinent to its probe of Clinton, were unearthed during an investigation into disgraced Rep. Anthony Weiner's sexting scandal. Weiner is the estranged husband of senior Clinton confidante Huma Abedin.
"In May 2010, Secretary Clinton was on official travel in Beijing, China, accompanied by senior staff. Upon Secretary Clinton's departure, a routine security sweep by Diplomatic Security agents identified classified documents in a staff member's suite," State Department spokesman John Kirby told Fox News, which issued Freedom of Information Act on the matter several weeks ago.
Diplomatic Security is tasked with protecting the secretary of state — as well as other high-ranking foreign dignitaries visiting the U.S. — both domestically and internationally. A source with knowledge of the 2010 incident told Fox Diplomatic Security filed the initial report on a Form 117 while the Marine Security Guards filed a separate formal statement on it.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, Republican chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, asked the FBI Monday for more information after a whistleblower alleged it was Clinton who left the classified information behind.
But Kirby insisted Clinton had no part in the China incident.
"To be clear – this was not Secretary Clinton's hotel room and no citation whatsoever was given to Secretary Clinton, nor were any reports written about Secretary Clinton's conduct," he said.
At the time the room was examined, and the classified documents were found, the hotel room was still considered a Diplomatic Security-controlled area, Kirby said, adding there was still a security agent situated right outside the suite.
In a statement, Kirby indicated while information was determined to be "improperly secured," what was found "did not support assigning culpability to any individual" and since the files were picked up while the room was still being guarded, "the likelihood that the information was compromised was remote."
Regardless, leaving classified information unattended is an extremely serious offense.
"Diplomatic Security and the Marine Security Guard takes exposure of classified information very seriously," Jessica Vaughan, director of policy research at the Center for Immigration Studies and a former State Department staffer, told Fox. "You can lose your security clearance if you're caught more than once, and that means you might lose your job."
"It's a big deal," she added.
In his letter to the FBI, Nunes also raised concerns about an email obtained as a result of the FOIA request that showed Abedin asking a fellow staffer to remove "burnstuff" she had left in a motorcade vehicle during a trip to India. Kirby, however, said the incident with Abedin involved no classified — but potentially sensitive — information.
"This email exchange does not show that classified information was left in a motorcade car," the State Department spokesman said. "Sensitive But Unclassified material is routinely disposed of in burn bags. As the regulations state, Sensitive But Unclassified (SBU) and Personally Identifiable Information (PII) documents are often burned. So it's not accurate that any reference to a document going to a burn bag is a document that includes classified material."
Editor's Note: Updates to this story follow the article.
The typically quiet town of Casa Grande, Arizona, was rocked by an explosion at the local Social Security Administration office early Friday morning of what appears to an improvised explosive device (IED). No one was hurt in the explosion, which occurred shortly before the office was scheduled to open. The explosion was reportedly heard and felt all over the area.
While the little town of Casa Grande and the nearby Phoenix area are talking about the incident, virtually no one else is. In fact, the only reason I was following the story is because I'm presently in the area and saw the initial reports on the explosion and continued to look into it .
Within 90 minutes of the explosion, police had a suspect in custody. But you wouldn't know it from reading the establishment media reports this past weekend. One reason might be that the suspect is 47-year-old Abdullatif Aldosary of Coolidge, AZ, an Iraqi refugee.
On Friday, federal agents served a search warrant on his home. Aldosary has been on the radar of the Department of Homeland Security for at least the past couple of years.
Late Sunday afternoon, I confirmed with a source at the Phoenix FBI office that the case is being investigated as an act of domestic terrorism. The source said that Aldosary is expected to be charged with a host of federal and state explosives and arson charges. (See update below.)
On Saturday, the Casa Grande Dispatch reported:
An explosive device was detonated Friday morning by the back door of the U.S. Social Security Administration office, shaking downtown Casa Grande, but no one was injured. Federal agents, including those of the FBI, rushed to the scene. The FBI would not confirm whether anyone was in custody, but the Casa Grande Dispatch learned that a Coolidge resident, Abdullatif A. Aldosary, 47, was being questioned. The investigation involved agents' going to his home at 4732 W. Lemon Ave., on the west side of Coolidge. The device exploded at 8:24 a.m. at the federal office, 501 N. Marshall St. The back door and wall were charred and debris was thrown throughout the back parking lot, damaging a car parked nearby. The office was not yet open but more than 10 employees were inside, police said. A witness was able to provide police with a license plate number on a small dark-colored compact car that fled the scene. The registration showed an address in the Martin Valley subdivision of Coolidge. Coolidge Police Department officers found the vehicle at the Lemon Avenue address. The homeowner, Aldosary, was turned over to the FBI shortly before 10 a.m. County recorder records show Aldosary bought the house on Aug. 12, 2008. According to court records, he was charged in September with assault and disorderly conduct. He also was charged in March 2008 with four counts of aggravated harassment at the request of the U.S. Homeland Security Department. FBI, Homeland Security, Federal Protective Service and U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives agents were at the scene collecting evidence throughout the day.
Another news report states that Aldosary served eight months in prison for that earlier aggravated harassment case.
Even though Aldosary's identity was known to news agencies on Friday after his arrest, national and international media outlets, such as CNN and Reuters which published reports late Friday night, noted his arrest but not his identity. And none but local media have reported Aldosary's name ever since.
Now imagine if a Tea Partier -- or even someone who shared the same name as a Tea Partier -- had fire bombed a federal facility less than a month after Barack Obama's reelection. Anyone thinks it would be getting more media coverage?
UPDATED (8:25p EDT): I just spoke again with my contact in the FBI Phoenix field office (who is not authorized to speak on behalf of the FBI office). This contact said that it is highly unlikely that Aldosary will be charged with any terrorism offense. While they are internally treating it like a domestic terrorism investigation, including looking at if he had any help constructing the explosive device, the FBI is saying very little and will prosecute this as a simple explosives and arson case because of "the political sensitivities involved."
UPDATE #2: Please note that the Daily Kos was first out of the gate, blaming the bombing on "right-wing extremism":
Later this month a war game called Homefront: The Revolution will be released. It creates an alternative universe in which Americans get to play heroes defending their country which has been invaded by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea .
But heroically defending your homeland could not be further from the apparent theme of Battlefield 1 , to be released in October. This World War 1 game takes place across that war's western front, and critically includes battles in the desert against the Ottoman Empire — a nation that spent the majority of World War 1 in a sorry state, simply trying to defend itself.
But in this version the heroes are either American or Allied forces, because this is Battlefield , and Battlefield can't resist flag waving. So you'll be taking on the role of a hero invading another country.
It's a pretty good gig being a hero regardless of whether you are the invader or the invaded.
Of course, that's somewhat flippant, and the context of those two games is different. One is representing a historically accurate invasion that took place during a state of war. The other is a hypothetical hostile and unprovoked attack. (For some reason, attacks on Americans always happen without provocation, both in American-written history books and in its games).
Despite those differences there is a common thread – the Americans or western soldiers are almost always the heroes and rarely the enemy. The enemy is either a real or poses a existentialist threat to western ideology.
In other words, these games are nationalist propaganda, and the potential for games to do nationalism really well has not been missed. For the last couple of years the Australian military has set up booths at the EB Games Expo in Sydney to proudly show off the real-world versions of the weapons to the kids who've just tried the virtual violence at the Call of Duty booth. In America the military has gone as far as to develop games itself, which it then uses as recruitment tools.
The military is using the games industry to “gamify” war. When coupled with the nationalism that is typically already on display in these games we can see how the games industry is an active participant in promoting xenophobic or hostile attitudes towards the “other” – those who don't abide by western values.
“That the US military and Australian armies are using games and gaming events as recruiting tools is certainly a form of propaganda,” Emily Robertson, a doctoral candidate in history at UNSW told Daily Review.
“This is a deliberate public relations strategy. It promotes the military by using an existing non-government form of propaganda that functions primarily as entertainment. The ideological story contained in Call of Duty , in which the player is fighting on the morally ‘good' side, has been a classic recruiting technique since the South African War (or Boer War),” said Robertson.
“The use of gaming is in fact a technological extension of more than a century of recruiting techniques. From the 1880s onwards, the British Empire produced numerous ‘Boy's Own' adventure novels, penny dreadfuls — and board games — to draw the reader/player into an environment in which they envisaged themselves as heroes fighting enemies of the Empire. These were mostly produced unofficially, much like the gaming industry is owned by private individuals.”
The recruitment of art for propaganda is nothing new. In both World Wars both sides of the conflict used the dominant entertainment media to reach communities and encourage people to enlist or support the war effort. Hollywood, especially, proved to be a masterful resource to the American military.
Even today, in a bid to discourage asylum seekers to try and reach Australia, the Australian defence force has invested millions in the production of a propaganda film to play in South East Asia and the Middle East.
It makes sense that games, now the dominant populist media, are exploited to encourage or capitalise on patriotic attitudes among players. The difference here is that the games industry itself is overwhelmingly dominated by western interests.
There has always been a balance in the film industry with each country producing it own films that reflect heir national identity but there's no real non- English speaking games industry to speak of — with the exception perhaps of Japan.
But games from Japan that don't sit within western nationalist rhetoric tend to find little support from players or critics.
“That the Japanese games are westernised to suit a western market, and that westernised games do not need to change to appeal to non-western markets is part of a much broader story of westernisation that has been underway for a considerable period of time,” Robertson said.
“Gaming is a reflection of this process and in this sense, is part of the complex story of globalisation. However, gaming is also a type of ‘soft diplomacy', in which a country infiltrates and weakens the ideological culture of another country through the dissemination of appealing and entertaining cultural narratives.”
And yet, while the processes of propaganda are readily seen in the video games we play, there is not much much made of it from a critical or consumer perspective. It's likely that it's partly because the study of art as propaganda only tends to arise after the fact – there wasn't too much discussion going on about how the American films during World War II were supporting a nationalist imperative.
But, equally, it's likely that games are so new – especially as a legitimised art form – that we simply haven't started to have those discussions yet.
“I think it's because the industry is relatively new, and perhaps not taken as seriously as it should be. Gaming is an increasingly dominant culture however, so I imagine that there will be increasing interest in the ideologies that underlie games,” Robertson said.
