President Donald Trump needs to score a “big hit” on the one issue that helped catapult him into the White House, and he needs it soon, say some of his staunchest supporters.
After more than 50 days in office, Trump has struggled to hit a “home-run” on immigration, the kind that would solidify his base and send a message to his enemies.
And it would seem that sanctuary cities would be a good place to start.
Why not defund them, like yesterday? That's the question from Ann Corcoran, editor of Refugee Resettlement Watch.
“Instead, Congress is entangled in one major mess over Obamacare. And, frankly, although important, repeal of Obamacare did not motivate voters to support Trump in the way immigration restriction did,” said Corcoran.
There are at least 300 sanctuary cities and counties, and one new study puts the number at closer to 500.
Steve Salvi, founder of Ohio Jobs & Justice PAC, has been tracking sanctuary cities for 10 years. He says at least 40 cities and counties have declared themselves sanctuaries since Trump issued his executive order Jan. 27.
“The trend is, I think, until he actually starts putting the squeeze to them, I suspect I'll be adding more to the list every week,” Salvi told Lifezette. “The bigger cities are doubling down, and it's really become a hot political issue. It's really about the next election.”
But Salvi uses a different set of criteria to define a sanctuary city from that used by the Center for Immigration Studies, which stands by its late 2016 estimate of 300.
While some jurisdictions have become sanctuaries, others such as Miami-Dade County have dropped out of that dubious club, says Jessica Vaughan, director of policy for CIS.
But regardless of the number, nobody is suggesting that large numbers of sanctuary cities are backing down.
And Trump has had a shockingly low level of support from the Republican Congress on immigration issues since assuming office on Jan. 20.
Daniel Horowitz, senior editor of Conservative Review, writes: “Look at the House GOP's agenda since January. It has been devoid of any substance. What other majority party with control of the White House has failed to act on a single significant issue in its first 100 days? Why are they not passing bills defending Trump's executive order, and why are they not stripping the courts of jurisdiction over immigration?”
Vaughan said Trump could score big with a punch at sanctuary cities. The way to do it is to hit them in the pocketbook, cutting grants to police departments. The sooner this happens, the better, she said, although new Attorney General Jeff Sessions is still assembling his team at the Department of Justice.
“I do hope DOJ follows through and starts blocking some of these law enforcement grants because until they do these big jurisdictions are going to keep doubling down on their sanctuary policies,” Vaughan told WND. “They will not stop until somebody loses funding and then they will come around. They also could be sued in federal court. That's a fight we should be having.”
But there is risk in acting too soon, before the A-team is in place.
“I think he's waiting to get his team in place at the DOJ. He's already taken on some of the very important issue of extreme vetting with his executive order, but he's going to need the best possible team in place at DOJ to succeed on this jihad against immigration enforcement that's being waged by the open-borders advocacy groups that have been filling up their coffers with money to fight this.
“I can understand why the Trump administration is waiting, because they need to get the right people in place. They can't count on the people that were put into certain positions of authority by the Obama administration. Fighting all these fights before everyone is in place is not wise. The vetting order had to be done quickly, and we've seen how that's played out.”
Vaughan said her list of sanctuary cities is smaller than Salvi's because she uses a more conservative criterion.
“I try to keep it to those which are deliberately obstructing ICE or have a policy that has that result, because that's what the law says, the section of federal law that makes it a crime to harbor illegal aliens,” she said. “My gut feeling is it's moving in a direction, when you look at the net effect, that there are probably fewer sanctuaries now than there were before Trump took office. But I do know a number of fairly large jurisdictions, Suffolk County, New York, for example, which have turned away from being sanctuaries.”
Patience wearing thin at ALIPAC
Still, patience is wearing thin among some immigration hawks.
William Gheen, president and founder of Americans for Legal Immigration PAC, said his group is growing impatient with Trump. He sees the administration's accomplishments so far as “rather bleak” on the issue of immigration.
“We don't just have amnesty cities. Now we have an amnesty nation. And the amnesty orders are no longer Barack Obama's amnesty orders; they're Donald Trump's amnesty orders,” Gheen said.
Not only has Trump not pulled federal funding from sanctuary cities, but he has also left Obama's DACA executive order in place.
DACA is the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, a policy started by the Obama administration in June 2012 that allows certain illegal immigrants who entered the country as minors to receive a renewable two-year period of amnesty from deportation and eligibility for education and other government benefits.
Gheen says ALIPAC still supports Trump and will leave its endorsement in place for at least another month.
He said ALIPAC is doing an outreach “to try to find citizens to stand with us” against legislative amnesty in Congress and White House-issued executive amnesty.
“We're still endorsing Trump,” he said. “We still want him to succeed and want his immigration promises to become policy. But he's breaking his promises, and his administration is signaling that they're willing to cut a deal on immigration reform/amnesty, and that is unacceptable. So we've drawn a line in the sand. We're engaging in campaigns to warn Trump to honor his promises.”
He said April 17 is the breaking point.
“If DACA amnesty has not been dropped by then, we will change our endorsement of Trump and take a more adversarial position,” Gheen said.
“We're an organization that has fiercely supported Donald Trump, and we're starting to think he's full of hot air. So why wouldn't these sanctuary cities think the same thing on immigration?” he asked. “The promises he made gave him the power to defeat Bush and Clinton, and now he's in office, and our immigration hardliners like Joe Arpaio and Kris Kobach have been used politically and left out of the administration. Trump is nominating pro-amnesty people such as Alexander Acosta for Labor and others. Instead of fully and equally enforcing our laws, he apparently is continuing the exact same pro-DACA program that 26 states are suing to stop.”
Overturning DACA only takes a memo, he said.
“The DACA amnesty that belonged to Obama and now belongs to Trump was created with memos, and now this president who railed against it on the campaign trail is continuing it.
“It's very important that conservatives stand up to Donald Trump on this issue immediately and fervently, and send a message that we're not going to stand with him on this,” Gheen said. “He depends on his personality and the fact that so many liberals are attacking him every day. But this isn't liberals; this is constitutionalist conservatives sounding the alarm bells here that we endorsed Donald Trump for a reason, and we expect him to live up to his promises.”
Photo
Is Queens looking at the world through rose-colored glasses? A new survey found that almost a quarter of Queens residents were “very optimistic” about “the future of life in New York City,” up from 14 percent last year.
The survey was conducted for the Municipal Art Society of New York, which has looked at livability in the city annually for the last three years. Some things have not changed: The survey once again found that New Yorkers are happy with the city as a whole and with their particular neighborhoods. Eighty-four percent said they were “satisfied” or “very satisfied” with life in the city, the same percentage as in 2010 and 2011. This year, 15 percent said they were “not very satisfied” or “not satisfied at all.”
Citywide, satisfaction with neighborhoods was also 84 percent, the same as last year and the year before. But some places are happier than others. Staten Islanders seemed to be happiest with their neighborhoods: 91 percent said they were “satisfied” or “very satisfied,” while the comparable figures were 85 percent for Manhattan and Brooklyn, 84 percent for Queens and 77 percent for the Bronx. (The boroughs ranked in the same order last year, though the percentages were slightly different. And in 2010, Manhattan led the list, with 91 percent answering “satisfied” or “very satisfied.” Staten Island was second that year, with 90 percent.)
New Yorkers, no matter how much they may complain about everyday life, are apparently more optimistic than they were a year ago. The survey found that 81 percent answered “optimistic” or “very optimistic” to a question about the future of life in the city, up from 75 percent last year.
In the borough-by-borough breakdown on that question, Queens led the city again this year with 79 percent, the same as in 2011. But there was a striking difference: This year, 24 percent said they were “very optimistic,” up from 14 percent last year. The percentage that was merely “optimistic” dropped correspondingly, to 55 percent from 65 percent.
This year, Manhattan (78 percent), Brooklyn (77 percent) and the Bronx (76 percent) were close behind Queens on the optimism question, with Staten Island lagging (69 percent). Last year, the Bronx was No. 2 with 78 percent, while Brooklyn and Manhattan were tied for third place with 77 percent. Staten Island was last with 65 percent.
So why do people in Queens like it so much? “It comes up high on value, it comes up high on being family-friendly,” said Vin Cipolla, the president of the Municipal Art Society. “Maybe the combination of a more affordable place to live in New York and a place that is considered to be family-oriented contributes to that.”
The Queens borough president, Helen M. Marshall, offered much the same explanation. “It's because we love our homes and our neighborhoods,” she said through a spokesman.
But enough with the smiles. What about New Yorkers' fears? Another question asked about “threats to living happily in the city.” The top four concerns were employment opportunities (mentioned by 22 percent), safety (21 percent), housing (19 percent) and costs of goods and services (19 percent).
Staten Island was the most concerned about safety (mentioned by 25 percent of the respondents from that borough), while Manhattan was the least worried about it (mentioned by 15 percent of Manhattanites in the survey). But the breakdown on jobs was evenly distributed across the city. “‘Employment opportunities' reflect that everybody's worried about their job, followed by other indicators of livability, which in other times might be higher than unemployment,” Mr. Cipolla said.
The survey was conducted by the Marist College Institute for Public Opinion, which questioned 1,324 adults in New York City by telephone between Aug. 28 and Aug. 31. The margin of sampling error was plus or minus 3 percentage points.
A National Rifle Association attack ad targeting Maine congressional candidate Emily Cain falsely claims that Cain called “restricting our rights” “the right thing to do.” But according to the newspaper article the NRA cites, Cain was speaking about expanded background checks, a policy that doesn't infringe upon the Second Amendment. The article in question also explicitly notes that Cain “didn't say she would restrict rights, saying she supports” the Second Amendment.
In the October 31 ad released by NRA lobbying arm Institute for Legislative Action, a narrator says, “Politician Emily Cain called restricting our rights ‘the right thing to do,'” citing the October 15, 2014, edition of the Kennebec Journal:
According to a review of the article in Nexis, Cain was speaking about her support for expanding background checks on gun sales:
But on gun issues, they diverged, with [Emily] Cain supporting mandatory background checks on private gun purchases. [Rep. Bruce] Poliquin, who is endorsed by the pro-gun National Rifle Association, opposes that, saying Maine has a high rate of gun ownership and a low level of crime. "We need to protect our gun rights, not whittle away at them, as Ms. Cain says she will do," he said. Cain didn't say she would restrict rights, saying she supports the Constitution's 2nd Amendment, but called expanding background checks "the right thing to do" to reduce gun violence.
There is no “right” to purchase a gun without undergoing a background check. In the 2008 landmark Supreme Court decision District of Columbia v. Heller, Justice Antonin Scalia described the Second Amendment as encompassing the right for law-abiding people to own a gun in the home for the purpose of self-defense. After describing the Second Amendment right, Scalia wrote that “nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on … laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.”
During the Senate's consideration of expanded background check legislation in 2013, a group of 50 constitutional law experts wrote that expanded background check legislation passed constitutional muster under D.C. v. Heller, noting, “Universal background checks, especially those conducted instantaneously through the National Instant Background Check System, do not impose a significant burden on law-abiding citizens.” In testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, constitutional law expert and law professor Lawrence Tribe stated, “There is no serious doubt that requiring ... a universal background check would comply with the Second Amendment.”
The NRA has spent more than $50 million on the 2016 presidential and congressional elections, in many instances on ads that are premised on serious factual falsehoods.
Women's National Team Defeat Argentina 73-58 in Second Game of the TORONTO 2015 Games
Toronto, ON - The Women's National Team played their second preliminary match of TORONTO 2015 against Argentina winning 73-58, going undefeated so far in the tournament.
Team Canada started the game playing great basketball with an 8-0 run to start the quarter, sitting at a comfortable lead after just 5 minutes of play. Argentina showed a fight in the second quarter, as Canada struggled offensively but still lead 28-21 at the end of the first half.
Argentina came out strong in the third quarter tying up the game. Canada hustled to keep their lead and ended the third quarter up by three points. Despite a close third quarter and a great effort from both squads, Canada proved too much for Argentina and finished out the second half with a solid 73-58 win. Canada finished the game with 51 percent shooting from two-point range.
Canada played consecutively as a team with everyone contributing on both ends of the court. Forwards Tamara Tatham and Miranda Ayim led the team in scoring with 12 points each. Miah-Marie Langlois added 11 points while veteran Lizanne Murphy added another 10 points in the match. The full game statistics are available here.
"We knew that they were going to come out ready to play. They play tough and they play to the end," said power forward Miranda Ayim. "We knew the game was going to be tight. We just had to be prepared and be composed and we came out with it in the end."
Head Coach Lisa Thomaidis was happy with the team's performance and ready for an even stronger game three. "We settled for perimeter shots in the first half, but did a better job using our physicality and getting high percentage shots in the second," said Thomaidis. "We needed to play a tough game and weather the storm to come back with a storm of our own."
Team Canada (2-0) will take on Cuba (2-0) tomorrow at 6:00 p.m. (ET) at the Mattamy Athletic Centre in Toronto. The winner of the two undefeated teams will win the group. All games are being streamed live on CBC.ca.
For the full Women's National Team Roster and schedule, click here.
Ceci est disponible egalement en francais. Contactez Bailey Williams ci-dessous pour l'obtenir.
About Canada Basketball:
Canada Basketball is a private, not-for-profit corporation committed to excellence in leading the growth of the game domestically and in pursuing medal performances on the international stage.
Comcast has 30 days to disclose the details of its "unreasonable network management practices" to the Federal Communications Commission, the agency warned Wednesday morning as it released its full, 67-page Order. As FCC Chair Kevin Martin said it would, the Commission's Order rejects the ISP giant's insistence that its handling of peer-to-peer applications was necessary. "We conclude that the company's discriminatory and arbitrary practice unduly squelches the dynamic benefits of an open and accessible Internet," the agency declares.
In addition, the company's "failure" to publicly reveal its true practices has "compounded the harm," the Commission says. Beyond the 30-day deadline, Comcast must send the FCC a plan explaining how it will mend its ways by the end of the year, and do so by then. It must also disclose what the company's new network management system will look like.
Today's Order is the follow-up document to the FCC's three-to-two decision against Comcast, announced on August 1. Although the Commission clearly throws the book at Comcast regarding P2P throttling, and warns the company that noncompliance will have legal consequences, the agency issues no fine against the ISP. And at least one public interest group says the FCC has given the company too much time to change.
But there is a radical aspect to this document, which aligns the Republican-led Commission with the net neutrality movement.
"We invite Free Press [a complainant in the case] and other members of the public to keep a watchful eye on Comcast as it carries out this relief," the Commission concludes. "Using the information provided by Comcast, pursuant to this Order, as well as information submitted by the public, we will closely monitor the company's network management practices."
History of denial
The FCC's Order summarily rejects Comcast's version of the last year of this controversy, particularly its insistence that at present the ISP only interferes with peer-to-peer uploads during periods of heavy traffic. Comcast repeatedly "changed its story" regarding its practices as the volume of complaints rose through last fall, the Commission charges.
First its spokesperson insisted that the company does not "throttle any traffic," the FCC says. Then, when an Associated Press study concluded that Comcast "actively interferes" with BitTorrent applications, the ISP insisted that it only inserts RST [reset] packets into P2P streams "during periods of heavy traffic." But when consumers sent the FCC data reporting P2P interference through long periods of time, Comcast acknowledged that "current P2P management is triggered... regardless of the level of overall network congestion... and regardless of the time of day."
We can stop this
The FCC Order also asserts that the agency has the authority to take these actions against Comcast. It invokes its 2005 Internet Policy Statement as a set of instructions to Internet access service providers, produced by the Commission as directed by Congress. The statement declares that consumers are "entitled to run applications and use services of their choice." The document also warns ISPs that should the FCC identify violations of this principle, the agency "will not hesitate to take action to address their conduct."
The FCC rejects Comcast's insistence that it does not have the authority to take these steps. The Commission notes that while the Supreme Court's Brand X decision classified cable ISPs as "information services" rather than "telecommunications services," it added that the FCC "has jurisdiction to impose additional regulatory obligations" on ISPs via its interstate commerce powers.
In addition, the agency argues that the Telecommunications Act of 1996 requires the FCC to promote competition in telecommunications and broadcasting. Today's Order doesn't come right out and charge that Comcast, a cable video provider, sought to block P2P use to squelch competitors. But the document rather strongly implies it, and insists that the Commission has a statutory duty to combat such behavior. "If cable companies such as Comcast are barred from inhibiting consumer access to high-definition on-line video content," the FCC says, "consumers with cable modem service will have available a source of video programming (much of it free) that could rapidly become an alternative to cable television."
Trust but verify
Today's decision offers few lines of sympathy for Comcast. It does acknowledge that the company has promised to set up a "protocol agnostic" ISP system by the end of the year (Ars guesses that the agnosticism comes from a telecom industry-wide allergy to the word "neutral"). Beyond that, the document invokes Ronald Reagan's famous dictum: "trust but verify." Comcast must:
Reveal the "precise contours" of its network management practices, including the types of equipment used, when they came into use, how they were configured, and where they have been deployed. Come up with a compliance plan complete with benchmarks that explains how Comcast will move "from discriminatory to nondiscriminatory network management practices by the end of the year." Publicly disclose the details of its new practices, "including the thresholds that will trigger any limits on customers' access to bandwidth."
If Comcast does not comply with these three requirements, the company will face a temporary injunction and then a permanent cease-and-desist order from the FCC. "Our overriding aim here is to end Comcast's use of unreasonable network practices," the Order declares, "and our remedy sends the unmistakable message that Comcast's conduct must stop."
Reactions
It is widely expected that Comcast will challenge this decision in court, but the company is being circumspect today with the press. "As you can imagine, we'll need to review the order," Comcast spokesperson Charlie Douglas told Ars, "so all we can say right now is 'We are examining the order and evaluating our options'."
Needless to say, Free Press and co-complainant Public Knowledge are quite happy about the decision. "This clear legal precedent signals that the future of the Net Neutrality debate will be over how, not whether, to protect users' right to unfettered Internet access," Ben Scott, policy director of Free Press, declared.
Harold Feld of the Media Access Project also praised the move, but told Ars that he finds "one flaw" in the decision: giving Comcast a month to come up with a compliance plan, followed by a year-end deadline to "stop blocking its own customers."
"While we should certainly celebrate today's Order," Feld said, "no one should declare 'mission accomplished' until Comcast's BitTorrent blocking stops for good."
Further reading
The launch of the IOTA Data Marketplace on November 28, 2017 has received a lot of attention in the media. The IOTA Foundation is exhilarated to be able to announce that we have several dozen world-leading entities participating in this data marketplace which will run over the next 2 months. We would like to take this opportunity to share the IOTA Data Marketplace with the Chicagoland community.
Agenda:
6 - 6:30pm - Food & Mixer (We are happy to tell you there will be beer and pizza at this event!)
6:30pm - 7:30pm - IOTA Data Marketplace Overview & Demo
7:30pm - 8pm - Networking We are once again being hosted by The Connectory the IoT collaboration between Bosch and 1871.
Livestreaming and Video provided by CryptoCats Youtube Channel. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCo55GuObaRggzPUwfBveyOg
Whether you're a fan of LEGO® or just love architecture and art, you'll want to check out the Towers of Tomorrow with LEGO® Bricks exhibition happening at the Ipswich Art Gallery.
The exhibition features twelve 1:200 scale astonishingly replicated iconic towers from Australian and Asian cities, built by Ryan McNaught who is Australia's only LEGO® professional.
Explore the line-up of incredible scale-model constructions including Brisbane's Infinity Tower and Gold Coast's Q1. If you're a brick builder yourself, you can even add your own mini architectural wonder to the skyline!
When Is It & What Else Should I Know?
Bookings are essential via their website, there are four 90-minute exploration and building sessions each day, running from 25th of March until the 9th of July.
Entry is $5 per person and children under three are free. For bookings or more information visit Ipswichartgallery.com.au
What Do You Think? Have you ever been to a similar event, just love LEGO®, or have some thoughts to add? Please let us know in the comments below, we would love to hear your ideas and feedback! Also make sure you subscribe to our newsletter for free updates on the latest stuff to do in Brisbane, and share this post with your friends using the buttons below. [grwebform url=”https://app.getresponse.com/view_webform_v2.js?u=BbqgQ&webforms_id=5991302″ css=”on” center=”off” center_margin=”200″/]
Canadian internationals Ashley Lawrence and Kadeisha Buchanan, best friends off the field, will face off the women's Champions League final.
Lawrence's Paris Saint-Germain defeated Barcelona 2-0 to advance 5-1 on aggregate on Saturday. Buchanan's Lyon, the defending champion, lost 1-0 to Manchester City but advanced 3-2 on aggregate.
The final is slated for June 1 in Cardiff.
Lawrence and Buchanan, both 21, grew up playing on the same team in Brampton, Ont., and played collegiate soccer together at West Virginia. Lawrence has 52 caps for Canada and Buchanan 69.
Canadian soccer history will be made when <a href="https://twitter.com/AshleyLawrence">@AshleyLawrence</a> & <a href="https://twitter.com/keishaballa">@Keishaballa</a> meet in the <a href="https://twitter.com/UWCL">@UWCL</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Final?src=hash">#Final</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Cardiff?src=hash">#Cardiff</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/PSG_Feminines">@PSG_Feminines</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/OL">@OL</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CanWNT?src=hash">#CanWNT</a> <a href="https://t.co/a093IxCuiU">pic.twitter.com/a093IxCuiU</a> —@CanadaSoccerEN
In Paris, Sabrina Delannoy scored from the penalty spot and Miriam Dieguez added an own-goal as PSG made it to the final for the second time.
Delannoy converted from the spot after Cristiane was fouled in the box in the 55th minute.
Dieguez inadvertently beat her own 'keeper six minutes later as she tried to clear a free kick from Eve Perisset.
PSG was runner-up in the competition in 2015.
In Lyon, American Carli Lloyd scored the only goal for Manchester City.
Serious and fatal diseases such as pancreatic cancer, Parkinson's disease and diabetes may eventually be treated using stem cells from breast milk following a remarkable discovery at the University of Western Australia.
UWA PhD student Foteini Hassiotou has potentially broken through the greatest hurdle in stem cell research - the ability to ethically obtain stem cells in a non-invasive manner.
UWA PhD student Foteini Hassiotou has discovered stem cells can be obtained from breast milk.
Her finding that stem cells from breast milk can be directed to become other body cell types such as bone, fat, liver and brain cells, could reduce the need to use embryonic stem cells and therefore fast-track future therapies.
Dr Hassiotou's research follows the 2008 discovery by a team of UWA scientists that breast milk contained embryonic-like stem cells.
Bruins winger Brad Marchand has been keeping a diary for ESPNBoston.com. Here he talks about their fast start, goals he hates, their rivalry with Montreal, and breaks down the personalities on this team. (As told to Louise K Cornetta)
In January I said that it was important to get off to a fast start in a shortened season. I think right now we're all on the same page and buying into the system. We know what we have to do to win. Everyone comes to play every night. There are areas we need to work on. I think there are times when we need to clean up defensively, We get away from our game at times and give up a little more defensively than normally we are used to. If we continue to work on that, we'll be a tough team to play against.
So far the season has been going well. As for me, I've been able to score [Editor's note: Team leading 12 goals]. I'd say my first goal of the season is the one that stands out to me. It was a backdoor tap in from Segs [Tyler Seguin]. I wasn't sure how the season was going to go after being off for so long. To get that first one under your belt is always nice. I was happy to get that one. I should say too that the game winners [Editor's note: 4 game winning goals this season] have been fun. A lot of it is just how the game goes and luck but anytime you get a game-winning goal it's enjoyable. You know what goals I hate? Overtime shootout ones. They are terrible and I hate them. All the pressure is on you especially if you're the third guy going and your tied or down by one. They're a tough situation to be in.
Brad Marchand is second on the Bruins this season with 20 points (12 goals and eight assists). Steve Babineau/NHL/Getty Images
I've been asked why I've been scoring a lot this season. It's just how it goes. At times, pucks will go in and at times they won't. I think right now a lot of my goals, I've gotten good bounces. I also play with some very skilled players. I just feed off of them. My style has changed some and I've spent less time in the penalty box this season. I think the biggest reason is because I am playing more minutes. I'm too tired to start agitating and getting into guys heads. Instead of doing that, I'm trying to suck wind. It's really more because of that than anything else.
Last year, I was superstitious. This year, not so much. I decided to get away from that and worry about playing instead of all the stuff I'd do before the game. I have a routine that I like to do but it's not make or break type of thing.
I mentioned how I play with some skilled players. My line with Bergy [Patrice Bergeron] and Segs is great on and off the ice. We really get along off the ice, which I think gives us a good opportunity to connect more on the ice. We're comfortable talking to each other about different things like maybe we could be better in different areas. Also, we've played together for a little while now. When you do that, you get used to where guys are and it makes it a lot easier to make plays.
We're fortunate because we have an awesome group of guys on this team. It's just like a family, everyone is so close. You see it on the ice, all the guys stick up for each other. We're very excited to have the team that we do. I thought it would be a good time to break down the personalities in this dressing room.
-- The Funniest guy on this team besides me? Andrew Ference. He cracks me up a lot. Jokes, sarcastic, chirps guys, he is all of the above.
-- Most talkative? Me and Segs. Seg doesn't like to stop talking and I'm the same way.
-- Best dressed? Soupy [Gregory Campbell] has pretty good style. He's not flashy. He's just put together. He's up on things. He always likes to be up-to-date and he's a little bit of a shopping fiend.
-- Fashion challenged? Dougie [Hamilton] needs a lot of help. I think he's still stuck in Juniors because he doesn't want to spend a penny. He even complains about how much magazines cost.
-- Who can't walk by a mirror without taking a look? Segs. He loves himself more than anyone I've ever met.
-- Always in the weight room? [Dennis] Seidenberg is always in there He doesn't stop. He works out before games, before practices, after games, and after practices. He's a monster.
-- Grumpiest? Thorty [Shawn Thornton] is a grumpy dude but I have to say it's [Chris] Kelly. Kelly is by far the grumpiest guy on the team. It's just him and how he is. But he's also a funny guy who is just a little grumpy at times.
-- Answer guy? Bergy. A lot of guys go to Bergy for things.
-- Most likely to pick up a dinner check? Looch [Milan Lucic] and Horty [Nathan Horton] always pick up the checks.
There are a lot of different personalities on this team. Claude [Julien] keeps us focused by making sure we don't get ahead of ourselves, but a lot of guys in the room are the same way. Guys are very accountable in here. We know when to have fun, but also we know when it's time for business. It's actually pretty easy to stay focused.
This team is not that much different from the 2010 one that won the Stanley Cup. We have Tuukka [Rask] starting in goal now, which is probably the biggest difference. He and I came up together playing in Providence. Tuuks is so great because he doesn't give the opponent a whole lot to shoot at. He's very good at covering his angles. He's very quick. If he's ever out of position, he's so quick that he gets right back in it. We're very lucky to have him. Now there is something about him you probably don't know and that is he loves chicken wings more than any person I've ever met in my life. If he could eat them for breakfast, lunch and dinner he would.
I can't end this without mentioning our rivalry with Montreal which was definitely on display recently. Our rivalry is a lot of fun to be in because it dates back so long. We have a lot of fun anytime we play each other. You can see how the fans get into and how much they enjoy it, which makes it more enjoyable for us. When we play each other it's not just Boston and Montreal fans that watch, but fans across the whole League. They know it's going to be an intense game and an exciting one which it always proves to be.
Last item I wanted to bring up is all this snow. I don't even think we get this much snow back home in Nova Scotia! It's fun during December and January. I don't know about you, but now I'm sick of it. I'm looking forward to spring getting here.
The two candidates for Orangetown Supervisor and four contenders for Town Council debate Oct 9 at 8p in Orangetown Town Hall.
With the Rockland County Executive race getting all the attention in local politics, it may be easy to forget that there are other important local elections taking place this November as well. But when Orangetown voters go to the polls on Election Day they will have a choice for many local offices besides the county executive.
The headline attraction will be the debate between Democratic Town Supervisor Andy Stewart and Republican challenger Walter Wettje. Stewart, a Nyack resident and former Executive Director of Keep Rockland Beautiful, won an upset victory two years ago over former Supervisor Paul Whalen and is now seeking re-election to a second two year term. Wettje, a retired Verizon Executive and Pearl River resident, is making his first run for public office.
A debate between the candidates for Orangetown Town Council will open the evening. Incumbent Republicans Dennis Troy of Pearl River and Tom Diviny of Blauvelt are being challenged by Democrats Dan Salmon of Tappan and Annmarie Uhl of Blauvelt. Troy, a former county legislator, has served on the Town Council for more than a decade, while Diviny was elected in 2009. Salmon, a small business owner who ran unsuccessfully for Town Council in 2009, is giving it another shot, while Uhl, a former teacher and member of the South Orangetown School Board is making her first run for Town Council.
Also debating will be incumbent Republican Receiver of Taxes Bob Simon and his Democratic challenger Chris Smith. Both Simon and Smith are Pearl River residents.
Orangetown Town Hall is located at 26 Orangeburg Rd in Orangeburg, NY. The debate is sponsored by the Town Newspaper and audience members will be allowed to submit questions for the candidates.
Photo Credit: Google Streetview
Function Edit
History (2000–2006) Edit
Creation of AFRICOM (2006–2008) Edit
Geographic scope Edit
Headquarters and facilities Edit
Personnel Edit
U.S. Africa Command completed fiscal year 2010 with approximately 2,000 assigned personnel, which includes military, civilian, contractor, and host nation employees. About 1,500 work at the command's main headquarters in Stuttgart. Others are assigned to the command's units in England and Florida, along with security cooperation officers posted at U.S. embassies and diplomatic missions in Africa to coordinate Defense Department programs within the host nation. As of December 2010, the command has five Senior Foreign Service officers in key positions as well as more than 30 personnel from 13 U.S. Government Departments and Agencies serving in leadership, management, and staff positions. Some of the agencies represented are the United States Departments of State, Treasury, and Commerce, United States Agency for International Development, and the United States Coast Guard. U.S. Africa Command has limited assigned forces and relies on the Department of Defense for resources necessary to support its missions.
Components Edit
Subordinate Commands Edit
Programs and operations Edit
List of commanders Edit
References Edit
RELATED: Watch the DeRo Press Conference
Toronto FC announced Thursday that the club has signed midfielder Dwayne De Rosario following his selection in Stage Two of the MLS Re-Entry draft process last month. As per team and league policies, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
“Dwayne's resume speaks for itself. The addition of an MLS veteran with regular season and MLS Cup MVP honours brings a significant piece to the team we are building here at Toronto FC. Dwayne's impact will add considerable skill and depth to our squad and we look forward to having him serve as a mentor to our younger players,” said Toronto FC General Manager Tim Bezbatchenko. “Dwayne has had a tremendous MLS and National Team career. He has very strong ties to the team and the city and it is only fitting that this is how his story should unfold.”
De Rosario, 35, completed this past season with D.C. United, where he appeared in 24 matches, scoring three goals and adding two assists. While with D.C., the Scarborough native netted 23 goals to go along with 21 assists in 68 MLS contests and was named the 2011 MLS MVP and MLS Golden Boot recipient on the strength of his 13-goal, 12-assist season.
Prior to joining D.C. United, De Rosario spent parts of 11 seasons with Toronto FC, the New York Red Bulls, the Houston Dynamo and the San Jose Earthquakes. He has been a member of four MLS Cups winning sides - twice with the San Jose Earthquakes (2001 and 2003) and twice with the Houston Dynamo (2006 and 2007) - earning MLS Cup MVP honours in 2001 and 2007. De Rosario has made 324 appearances in 13 MLS seasons with 103 goals and 77 assists and has been named to the MLS Best XI six times (2005-07, 2009-11).
De Rosario originally joined Toronto FC via a trade with the Houston Dynamo on December 12, 2008. He appeared in 57 games over two-plus seasons with the Club, leading the team in scoring in 2009 with 11 goals and in 2010 with a franchise single-season best 15 goals. On April 8, 2010 he was named the second captain in team history and later that season he helped lead the Reds to their first CONCACAF Champions League berth. He is presently Toronto FC's all-time career leader in goals (27), multi-goal games (five), game-winning goals (seven), shots (158) and tied for first in assists (10).
A four-time Canadian Player of the Year (2005, 2006, 2007 and 2011), De Rosario earned his first cap with the Canadian National Team on May 18, 1998 at the age of 20 against FYR Macedonia. He has a total of 77 caps for Canada and is the team's all-time leading goal scorer with 20. He made his professional debut with the Toronto Lynx of the A-League at age 18. Appeared in seven matches and scored three goals.
Dwayne De Rosario #14
Position: Midfielder
Height: 5'11
Weight: 164 lbs.
Birthdate: May 15, 1978
birthplace: Scarborough, Ontario
Hometown: Scarborough, Ontario
Nationality: Canadian
Last Club: DC United
How Acquired: Signed with Toronto FC, January 9, 2014 after being selected in the Second Stage of the MLS Re-Entry process, Wednesday, December 18, 2013
A new report says the burden of mental illness will increase more rapidly in India than in China over the next 10 years and the two countries account for one third of the global burden of mental illnesses, a figure greater than all developed countries put together.
Advertising
Data shows that despite the rising figures in India, only about one in 10 people with mental health disorders are thought to receive evidence-based treatment.
The report will be published Thursday in The Lancet and The Lancet Psychiatry to mark the launch of the China-India Mental Health Alliance, a long-term project that brings together experts from China and India to look at the current status of mental health and mental health services in the two countries.
In 2013, 36 million years of healthy life were lost to mental illness in China, and 31 million in India. Estimates now suggest that by 2025, 39.6 million years of healthy life will be lost to mental illness in China (10 per cent increase), and 38.1 million in India (23 per cent increase).
[related-post]
Advertising
The report, based on data from an analysis of the Global Burden of Disease (2013), shows that in both countries, substance use disorders were more common in men than women — the burden of drug dependence disorders was more than twice as high for men as women, and the burden of alcohol use disorders was nearly seven times higher for men as women.
China alone accounted for 17 per cent of the global mental, neurological and substance-use disorder burden, whereas India accounted for a further 15 per cent.
Dementia is also a growing problem for both countries.
From 2012 to 2025, the number of healthy years lost to dementia will increase by 82 per cent in India (from 1.7 million to 3.2 million) and by 56 per cent in China (from 3.5 million to 5.4 million).
Dr Vikram Patel, international mental health professor at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine and lead author of one of the papers that took a review of the unmet mental health needs of adults in China and India, said most people with mental disorders in India and China do not receive needed treatment.
There are 0·3 psychiatrists per 100,000 people in India while in China, there are 1·7 psychiatrists per 100,000 people. In China, less than 6 per cent of people with common mental health disorders (mood or anxiety disorders), substance use disorders, dementia and epilepsy seek treatment. Among people with psychotic disorders, 40 per cent have never sought treatment from mental health professionals.
With a combined population of over 2.5 billion, China and India make up 38 per cent of the world population. The aim of the China-India Mental Health Alliance is to identify evidence-based solutions to their shared problems. Three papers, which are part of the Lancet report, are the first of several publications to be released over the coming year.
Dr Rahul Shidhaye, Research Scientist, Public Health Foundation of India, who co-authored the first paper in the series, said projected changes in disability adjusted life years or DALYs (reflecting years of healthy life lost due to morbidity and mortality — life lost due to disease and death) for all mental, neurological ,and substance use disorders are expected to increase more sharply in India than in China.
In India, the proportion of all burden explained by mental, neurological, and substance use disorders rose from 3 per cent in 1990 to 6 per cent in 2013. Between 2013 and 2025, the population in both countries is expected to increase — from 1·39 billion to 1·45 billion in China, and from 1·25 billion to 1·45 billion in India.
The absolute number of DALYs in India is expected to increase for all 13 conditions over the next 12 years, whereas the number in China is expected to fall for three of the thirteen conditions (ADHD, conduct disorder and illicit drug use disorders) and to increase by no more than 5 per cent for five other disorders (anxiety disorders, autism spectrum disorders, idiopathic intellectual disabilities, alcohol use disorders and epilepsy).
In India, the District Mental Health Programme (DMHP) covers 200 districts so far. The effectiveness of the programme varies across states because of restricted funding, shortages of human resource, and low motivation among service providers at all levels.
In practice, DMHP is largely limited to psychiatric outreach clinics in a few primary healthcare centres, and more than 60 per cent of people with mental disorders access care directly at a district hospital, rather than the primary healthcare centres.
Access to mental health services in India continues to be a major challenge as up to 40 per cent of patients travels more than 10 km to access DMHP services.
India has 443 public mental hospitals, but six states, mainly in the northern and eastern regions with a combined population of 56 million people, are without a single mental hospital, whereas other states have several mental hospitals. NGOs that provide mental health services are also concentrated in the southern and western regions of the country.
In India, although the funding for NMHP in 1985-90 was only 10 million rupees, the programme enjoyed a substantial increase in funds in subsequent two 5-year plans (1997-2007). But the proportion of total health budget that is allocated to mental health still remains very low. In 2012-13, only 1·3 per cent of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare expenditure was spent on the NMHP.
Authors have said that community engagement, increased support for community health workers and collaboration with traditional and alternative medicine practitioners are key to providing more accessible, affordable and acceptable mental health care in India and China.
Advertising
Patel said while China and India have both shown renewed commitment through national programmes for community-oriented mental health care, progress in achieving coverage is far more substantial in China. Decentralisation of planning in the 1980s and investment in expanding mental health services since 2000 has led to substantial increase in mental health resources in China, which outperforms India on most indicators, for example with eight times more mental hospital beds per person.
The mag has yet to release it officially, but the cover to the next issue of Empire features a brand-new image of Jared Leto as the new incarnation of The Joker for David Ayer's Suicide Squad adaptation.
Though we've had that first official pic, plenty of set snaps and a terrifying glimpse of the character in the trailer, this represents our most complete look yet at Leto's incarnation of the Clown Prince of Crime yet.
This new take on the Joker was heavily criticized by some fans for veering too far away from his more traditional comic book visage – the tattoos in particular made for quite a bit of backlash – but many seem to have gotten a bit more used to it over the last few months. Plus, this latest pic offers a couple of additions that should please the purists, like the purple leather coat and cane.
Suicide Squad also stars Will Smith as Deadshot, Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn, Jai Courtney as Captain Boomerang, Cara Delevingne as Enchantress, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje as Killer Croc, Karen Fukuhara as Katana, Joel Kinnaman as Rick Flag, Adam Beach as Slipknot and Jay Hernandez as El Diablo. The movie is set to hit theaters next August.
Tell us, what do you think of Leto's Joker? Too OTT, or a welcome shake-up for Batman's most infamous foe? Sounds off in the comments section.
RENFREWSHIRE residents have been handed an added incentive to buy a Lottery ticket...after it was revealed the area's postcode is one of the luckiest in Scotland.
Experts at the National Lottery have revealed the PA postcode area is home to the second highest number of big money Lottery winners per head of population in Scotland over the past five years.
Not only that, it also ranks second in the whole of the UK.
In the last five years, a total of 59 top-tier prizes of at least £50,000 have been banked by players in the PA postcode, which covers towns such as Johnstone, Paisley, Renfrew, Bishopton, Bridge of Weir, Erskine, Kilmacolm and Lochwinnoch.
Of those 59 high-value prizes, 14 were enough to create Lottery millionaires.
Andy Carter, senior winners' advisor at the National Lottery, told the Gazette: “Paisley has enjoyed plenty of Lottery luck over the past five years.
"It's not only one of the luckiest postcodes in Scotland but also in the UK, with 59 people celebrating life-changing big wins and a fantastic 14 of those becoming millionaires.
“The National Lottery makes, on average, a new millionaire every day, meaning there are big winners in every corner of the country.
"We are always ready to help celebrate and have plenty of champagne on ice.”
According to Lottery bosses, it isn't just individuals who have been winning big, as the entire community benefits from the money raised by those who buy tickets.
Grants worth almost £3 billion have been distributed to more than 60,000 National Lottery-funded projects in Scotland.
In addition, each National Lottery player helps to raise, on average, more than £30 million for good causes every week.
This has helped to fund small projects in a number of communities across Renfrewshire.
Many people claim to be a "lifetime learners," and with good reason. Scientists have warned that you need to keep your brain active if you want to avoid mental decay. But some people seem to learn easier and faster than others. These smart people often show creativity and innovation, and quickly pick up new skills on their own time.
Learning should be easy to do since we all go through years of schooling training on how to do it. But beyond basic acquisition of knowledge, there is a real art to intensive learning. For deep learning you have to find the time and energy for knowledge and skills building. Really successful learners know the trick is to make the process itself as energizing andefficient as possible. Here's how they do it.
1. Imagine the outcome.Learning for learning sake is fine for academics or people with lots of time on their hands, but as a busy achiever your learning needs to have purpose. Understanding the need will help you assess how much and how fast you need to learn something. When you start out to learn a new skill set or master new knowledge, envision what you will do with it. Get a very clear mental picture of how it will change the way you work and live. Taking a language class? See yourself conversing with a new client in a foreign country. Training on new software? Picture the problem you'll solve with it and how it will streamline activity. Successful learners identify the objective at the start, and create a strong, emotionally compelling vision of what will happen when they reach that objective.
More From Inc.:
-- Write Down Your Failures. You Just Might Learn Something
-- 19 Words That Will Make People Like You More
-- 3 Actions That Instantly Build Trust
2. Think of text as a starting point. Most people remember highlighting dozens of textbooks in high school and college. And how the words started to blur as the brain was swimming in so much stuff. If the material you're learning has a text component, think of it as just one of many places to store that information. The best learners start with the text, and then move on. They create additional opportunities for experiential learning. They might sit and dialogue with an expert or discuss it with other learners over coffee. They watch others or participate in applying the concepts in practical settings. They know the book is just one place where the information "lives," and they seek it out in other environments. The more they see those ideas or skills at work in the outside world, the more exciting the material becomes. Then going back to the text doesn't seem like such a chore.
3. Learn in your language. Every brain has a preferred method for receiving information. Some like to see it sketched out on a whiteboard, others like to hear it out loud, and others want to be on their feet tinkering with it in a practical way. Figure out what method engages your mind, and translate the material to that. If you're visual, make charts and find YouTube tutorials. If you're auditory, find lecture recordings, read it out loud to yourself, and discuss it with someone else. If you're tactile, act it out, or build a model, or use a computer simulation. Successful learners are very self aware about their own learning needs and actively communicate them to others so they get exactly what is necessary to achieve.
4. Make failure fun. There is only so much you can learn from being successful at a task from the beginning. The real learning comes from testing and pushing the boundaries. Successful learners stretch the limits and often fail willingly to understand how things work, and of course how they don't. Any time you take on something really challenging and unfamiliar, you're going to stumble and fall. No one likes to look foolish, and you may be disinclined to stretch to avoid embarrassment and blows to the ego. The more frustrated and discouraged you get, the more you may want to give up. But if you look for the humor in each letdown, share funny stories with friends and family, and laugh it off, you will be much more willing to keep trying. Ultimately it's the act of overcoming those failures that will instill greater learning for the long haul.
5. Make accountability exhilarating. People work harder when they are accountable to others for their performance. Most will study harder if a test is on the horizon. Many practice more if there's a recital in two weeks. Successful learners make themselvesaccountable for learning through deadlines and measurement. The challenge is that those benchmarks, even though they are motivating, often fill minds with dread. Use the nervousness and adrenaline to your advantage. Create opportunities to display your new skills or knowledge so you can drive toward the finish line. If this makes you overly tense, make sure there are friends to support your efforts along the way. It will make the celebration of success and learning that much sweeter.
Like this post? If so, sign up here and never miss out on Kevin's thoughts and humor.
CLOSE The technology company known by many consumers for its printers and computers unexpectedly released its fiscal second quarter earnings early. Newslook
Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman. (Photo: Paul Sakuma, AP)
SAN FRANCISCO — Hewlett-Packard is bracing to slash an additional 11,000 to 16,000 jobs after it announced a dip in revenue for its second quarter.
The computing giant, which is in the midst of a long restructuring program by CEO Meg Whitman, on Thursday said revenue was down 1%, to $27.3 billion, from the same quarter a year ago.
HP had previously announced plans to cut 34,000 jobs.
The company employs about 317,500 worldwide.
HP posted earnings of 88 cents per share, excluding items. Analysts had expected the earnings of 88 cents a share on $27.41 billion in revenue, according to a consensus estimate from Thomson Reuters.
The total layoffs are roughly twice what Whitman initially anticipated when she undertook a five-year turnaround plan at HP in late 2011.
"We don't anticipate an additional (layoff) program," Whitman told USA TODAY on Thursday. "This company has been through a lot. … This is part of the program of integrating (major acquisitions), streamlining and automating processes."
"We feel good at the midpoint of our (five-year) turnaround plan," Whitman said. "Stabilization of revenue, cash flow, network security, big data, innovation, R&D spending — I feel good about where we are."
Shares of HP were flat in after-hours trading, at $31.78. The company's shares touched a 52-week high of $33.90 in early April.
HP made its name and fortune as a pioneer in business computing. But it has struggled the past few years to finesse the transition to mobile devices and the growing demand for cloud computing systems.
While corporate rivals such as IBM have retreated from the low-margin hardware market, HP has bolstered its computing hardware business. Yet on Thursday, HP said revenue for its enterprise group, which sells computer servers and other hardware, slipped 2% to $6.66 billion in the second quarter. In the previous two quarters, that group grew.
"The layoffs make a lot of sense, given they aren't currently able to drive their services business like they would prefer," says Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1nw2lNh
TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The Organization of American States (OAS) said on Wednesday it may call for new Honduran elections if any “irregularities” undermine the credibility of results in last month's disputed vote that has sparked a crisis in the Central American nation.
People hold up a banner at a protest during curfew, while the country is still mired in chaos over a contested presidential election, in Tegucigalpa, Honduras December 5, 2017. The banners read: " Out JOH", a word referring to National Party presidential candidate Juan Orlando Hernandez. REUTERS/Henry Romero
In a statement, the OAS also called for an immediate return of constitutional rights such as freedom of movement.
The Honduran government imposed a curfew last week when protests erupted over the vote count in the Nov. 26 presidential election, which has been tarnished by allegations of electoral fraud.
The statement, released by OAS Secretary General Luis Almagro, said the election result was not yet certain, and measures including a partial recount should be undertaken to clarify the outcome and restore credibility.
“It is clear that it is not possible, without an exhaustive and meticulous process of verification that determines the existence or not of an electoral fraud ... to restore the confidence of the population,” the statement said.
Official results showed Honduras' conservative President Juan Orlando Hernandez with a narrow 1.6 percentage point lead over center-left opposition leader Salvador Nasralla. However, no victor has yet been declared by the election tribunal.
Nasralla on Wednesday evening called for an international arbiter to oversee the recount, saying he no longer recognized the Honduran tribunal because of its role in the process.
“If we hadn't had international participation, we would truly be in the law of the jungle,” he said.
David Matamoros, head of the country's electoral tribunal, told reporters that the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, which Nasralla fronts, must still deliver its voting tally sheets and documentation so the tribunal can review the election results.
Then the tribunal will discuss the OAS recommendations and what can be done to implement them, Matamoros added.
When asked about the possibility of a new election, Matamoros said if the complaints about the process are borne out, “the whole issue of the vote will need to be revalidated.”
However, this would only be possible if the tribunal was in a position to review all the tally sheets, he added.
Eight Latin American governments said in a joint statement on Wednesday they supported the tribunal's decision to hold a total recount of the disputed ballots, and urged Hondurans to remain calm while awaiting final results. Uruguay was added to a list of seven originally issued by Mexico's foreign ministry.
Nasralla has demanded a recount and encouraged his supporters to protest, triggering demonstrations. At least 14 people - including two police - have died in the protests, according to a human rights group in Honduras known as COFADEH.
Hernandez's center-right National Party said it would hold a march in Tegucigalpa on Thursday to show solidarity with the president, pledging a turnout in the thousands.
The U.S. State Department on Wednesday advised U.S. citizens to delay or cancel unnecessary travel to mainland Honduras “due to ongoing political protests and the potential for violence.”
CONGRESSIONAL VOTE DOUBTS
The election results also show Hernandez's National Party winning the most seats in Congress.
But third-placed presidential candidate Luis Zelaya, of the Liberal Party, said on Wednesday that irregularities in the vote had polluted the results for legislators as well as the presidency, and reiterated that Nasralla had won the top job.
He did not specify what the alleged irregularities were but said his party would share its copies of ballot sheets, including those disputed by the opposition, with the OAS.
Slideshow (4 Images)
On Tuesday, Nasralla said the electoral tribunal should review virtually all the ballots. If the tribunal was unwilling to do that, he proposed a run-off between himself and Hernandez, something not allowed for under Honduran law.
Hernandez, who as president has won praise from the United States for his crackdown on violent street gangs, has not claimed victory in broadcast comments in recent days and indicated on Wednesday that his party would support a recount.
THE LIONS and Suns will no longer be the AFL's poor cousins with head office to inject an extra $2.5m for them to match the rest of the competition on football department spending.
The extra money means the 2017 AFL season will be a level playing field for the first time.
It also gives the Lions the financial wherewithal to revamp their coaching panel at the end of the season.
The AFL has promised Brisbane its heaviest hitters will join the club in negotiations with the State Government and Brisbane City Council for the extra funding required to lock away their new base at the airport.
However, it is the financial lifeline thrown to Queensland footy that was the most significant outcome of three days of meetings in Brisbane last week between the two clubs and the AFL Commission and its senior executive.
The AFL plans to give both the Lions and Suns the capacity to spend 100 per cent of the salary cap and the soft cap on football department spending.
Harris Andrews marks during the QClash between Gold Coast and Brisbane at Metricon Stadium. Picture: Adam Head Source: News Corp Australia
Brisbane were $1.2m and the Suns $1.3m under the $9.3m football department soft-cap this season. The Lions also did not pay the entire salary cap.
The salary cap currently stands at $10.37m but will increase significantly next season in the first year of the new $2.5b broadcast deal.
The AFL Players Association is campaigning for a fixed percentage of the game's revenue, which would see a major increase in player salaries.
Suns chairman Tony Cochrane stressed there were no cast iron promises on funding figures as the collective bargaining agreement with the players had yet to be finalised.
But he said the Suns walked away from meetings convinced they would be more financially competitive next season.
“I was highly encouraged by the very positive approach the commission have towards the cost of our football departments and I think it will be a much fairer and more uniformed approach from next season, which can only be good for the whole competition,'' he said.
“This will give a lot of heart to the supporters of not only the Gold Coast football club but also the fans of the Brisbane Lions as well with the challenges we face here in Queensland.''
The Courier-Mail understands it is also the Commission's intention to scrap the soft cap on footy spend in favour of a hard cap.
Currently the league's richer clubs such as Collingwood and Hawthorn spend over the cap and pay a tax.
The AFL hopes to be able to announce its intention to equalise all clubs' footy spend at a cost of about $14m once the CBA negotiations are finalised.
The proposal was raised by Lions CEO Greg Swann at the most recent CEO's conference and received full support.
The 11th Annual Gross Domestic Product (GDP) festival is scheduled for Saturday, May 28th in the East Village! The main stage will be at Wooly's with performances and pop-up shows hosted in other spaces throughout the neighborhood. Fourteen local artists will perform and two of these spots will be selected through an online survey! For GDP 2016, our goals are to increase the diversity of genres in our lineup and to be a more grassroot, community-run event. By asking the music-loving community of Des Moines to be a part of the decision-making process, we hope to create a local music event that truly represents the musical talent and tastes of our city.
The survey will close at 5pm CST on Thursday, February 25th. The selected artist, along with the full lineup for Gross Domestic Product, will be announced at the Des Moines Music Coalition's Backstage Ball on Friday, February 26th.
Listen to all 39 artists below or go to: https://soundcloud.com/dmmc/sets/gdp2016
***Each person is allowed one poll submission of up to three artists. Individuals who submit more than once will have all of their poll submissions disqualified.***
Submit your choices below or go to: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/gdp2016
"Visual Quotations"
Photographs by Richard Freeman
My husband, Richard Freeman, created this website to showcase his documentary photography, related anthropological / scholarly work, and miscellaneous musings. Sadly, Richard passed away on October 24, 2017. I am keeping this website up as a memorial to him. Please feel free to contact me at: breezyeckenrode@gmail.com. If you wish to use any image or make a purchase please review the copyright policy below. Otherwise, enjoy.
Jenny Eckenrode-Freeman
(Richard's original note):
Welcome ...
These photographs have been cultivated from my negatives archive which holds over three decades worth of images and my more recent and continuing work using digital cameras. I got started in photography in about 1973. Until 2005 I shot 35mm film (see the folder below, "Technical Notes - Equipment Used", for a rundown on what cameras I used and when). Thus, the majority of my work is on negatives. In 2008 I began scanning my 35mm negatives on a high quality negative scanner. This on and off again project ended in early 2012, after scanning 4,144 of my "best" images. At an average rate of 12 scans per hour (you do the math!), it was a very laborious process. Truly a labor of love. I was able to go through my archive several times and while I still may find a few frames that I missed, I feel comfortable to say that I am pretty much done. I will be adding these images to existing portfolios and adding new portfolios from this archive along with new born digital portfolios as quickly as I am able. To learn more about me and my work click the "About the Artist" portfolio thumbnail below. If you would like to contact me I can be reached at the e-mail address above in red (a live link, but it opens in this tab!). I would love to hear from you: comments, critiques, questions, random thoughts ...
Each image below represents a small body of work on a theme, a portfolio. Click on an image to enter into that portfolio. From there, click on an individual image to see a larger version. You will rarely be more than two clicks away from returning to this portfolio homepage, just use the arrow buttons above the portfolio thumbnails or above each image when enlarged. To advance to the next or previous image in the enlarged view, you can simply click on the image (to advance), use the left/right arrow keys on the keyboard, or the arrows above the image.
Thank you, and I hope you enjoy your visit.
Sincerely,
Richard Freeman
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- Bernie Sanders, on the morning before he and Hillary Clinton square off in a debate in Flint, said Republicans are doing a disservice to the electorate by dumbing down their discussions. "They really do sound like sixth-grade food fights, where amazingly enough adults in their 50s and 60s are throwing food at each other and cursing at each other and making fun of each other and insulting each other," Sanders said in a Saturday, March 5 interview. "I think that is not what the American people want. The American people know we have some serious problems and they want to hear some serious solutions to those problems, not vicious personal attacks." The Vermont senator in an interview with Mlive and The Grand Rapids Press reiterated his desire to tax Wall Street speculation to pay for free college tuition at public colleges and universities.
that kept financial institutions alive and said it is time for policies that benefit the poor and middle-class, not the wealthy.
I don't know if you guys noticed or not but this is a very special On the Forums this week. This is our one year anniversary. I published the first On the Forums a year ago tomorrow and I've had one almost every week since. That's a bit of a milestone. I've mentioned it before but this series started out as me just ranting about whatever I had read that day while we were in the pub after WTC practice evenings and when it was suggested I write my rants up for this blog I didn't expect it to last more than a few weeks. I certainly didn't anticipate doing this a year later. Frankly if it wasn't for the positive feedback and encouragement I get from you guys I'd have stopped doing this a long time ago. Thanks for the support! Now, that's enough lovey dovey shit, let's get motherfucking angry about some shit that doesn't really matter!
Scatters are awful because I'm a tool!
I hate the scatter template system so much I'm basically considering quitting Warmachine! It is such an imprecise system! It's so much more imprecise than anything else in the game even though it's nearly exactly the same as all other measuring. You measure where to where the AOE deviates from and then you have to measure to where it goes and see what's under it! The worst, though, and this really is what makes me just hate this game is when you play That Guy. You know the one I mean. The guy who insists on trying to be as precise as possible with the AOE to see whether something is in or out of the AOE. I got into a massive argument with some guy the other night because we couldn't agree on whether an AOE was 5mm behind my models front arc or in front of it! Can you imagine playing that kind of douchebag? In this situation I was obviously correct that it was precisely 5mm in front of my models arc while he was an overprecise jackass for dispute my precision placement of the template. I hate when other people try and play the game with precision and then disagree with my obviously superior ability at measuring things. It's not like I could have ended the dispute by giving him the negligible difference to the overall game that AOE probably would have meant and just agreed that it was where he thought it was because precision with deviation is impossible. No, instead it is far better that I argued with him for a while, threatened to quit the game, and then posted a big rant about him on the internet. That way I'm the reasonable hero of this story and he's a jerk.
Vengeance is over, what do we get next book?
So Vengeance was a super enlightening book for all of us because it taught us all an important lesson: the faction that whines the most gets the best releases. The Ret player base has been mopey for a long time and this book it obviously paid off for them. If Khador ever wants to be as competitive as Ret we need to start a campaign of near constant whinging now! Let's all make a list of the top 3 things that Khador needs if we want to be a competitive faction. Let's not go crazy with this, though, we can keep our demands reasonable. Man-o-War solo or UA is an obvious starting point. Khador definitely needs Man-o-Wars to be fixed if we're ever going to compete in the current meta. The solo, or UA, should be at least as good as the Iron Fang Kovnik. Kharchev2, even though PP said officially that he'd never get released, is still a perfectly reasonable demand. Our whining can overpower PP's commitment to previous statements. A few other reasonable requests for the PP design team: an Arc Node solo, a non-character Sylys Wyshnalyr, the ability to trivially remove upkeeps, a cavalry unit that are all mini-battle engines, Commodore Cannon style heavy artillery that has a 5” AOE, a convenient and reliable answer to all kinds of Stealth that's not just sprays, AOEs, Spriggan flares or melee attacks, and lastly just something entirely new and different for the faction. That seems like a perfectly reasonable list of demands, I'm sure PP will have all of this sorted by the next book.
Menoth players are trapped by myths about their faction.
Did you know that Menoth ‘jacks can sometimes make power attacks? I bet you didn't because most Menoth players don't do it. Menoth players are so stuck in their perceptions of what is done that they forget about Power Attacks as well as all the crazy out of activation movement the faction has. This laziness is almost certainly holding the faction back but luckily I'm here to help them! I'm going to teach them to get the most out of our handful of movement shenanigans abilities and break down the walls within Menoth players minds! This will be no small feat, however, since a player as unknown but good as Brian White doesn't even know what Enliven does! I'm not surprised he doesn't since it's generally the wrong decision on any given turn, arcane bolt often being a superior choice, but that is how big of a task is ahead of me. Luckily I've tested all my new amazing play-style revelations against the really good players in my local meta, you've never heard of them but trust me they are super legit, and if they work against that kind of top flight player they must work for everyone! Sure you could suggest that if my opponents get caught out by not knowing what Enliven or Warpath do they might not actually be that good but that's clearly because you're an idiot and too lazy to understand how much better I am than you.
Geometry makes no sense because of Logic!
Fucking Euclid was a goddamn piece of shit and a moron. We can all agree to that right? What did that guy know about things? He was so stupid he even called his book on Geometry Elements as if that makes any goddamn sense. One of his stupidest assertions, I'm sure we can agree, was the idea of the tangent. A line that just touches a circle at one point and continues on is obviously moronic. The line has to stop when it contacts the circle! That's the only thing that makes logical sense. This has obvious and huge implications for the game of warmachine. I frequently manage to exactly down to the millimeter line up my models to block LOS from enemy models but because of this stupid ruling based on some dead Greek fuckers idea of Geometry that doesn't actually work and I still get shot! Why even have a measuring tape with an attached laser level and various widgets for directly lining up my models, while obviously stating my intent, if I get no benefit from it? This is obviously a travesty and should be corrected immediately but those stupid Infernals will never listen to my clearly superior rules interpretation! This ruling would basically mean that there is no back arc anyway because I misread how LOS is determined and assumed it was by some weird line based system instead of actually reading the rules! Good thing I called out the Infernals for not following the rulebook before someone pointed out I hadn't read the rulebook! In summary I may not be good at math, logic or knowing the rules of Warmachine but I'm right and the Infernals are a bunch of jerks set on misinterpreting the rules of the game for their own nefarious purposes. Only one many can save us from their monstrous oppression, all praise his name!
Hero Thread: Accidentally did April fools early? by Flindo
I'm really not a fan of Liars Day in general. People who post things that would be exciting news just to take it away in the name of the lulz is more stupid than it is amusing. That said I have an admiration for anyone that takes the time to instead make something genuinely amusing and enjoyable even when separated from the fairly pointless ‘holiday' it was originally attached to. This thread is a great example of PP doing that. I found the posts from the PP staffers very amusing and would recommend you give this thread a bit of a trawl through.
That's all for this week, thanks for reading!
Advertisements
Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled is to return for a fourth series.
The Dave channel has ordered another ten hour-long episodes of the round-table talk show, to air next year.
The news comes as the third series began last night (Episode guide).
Guests for the new series will be confirmed in the new year when it starts filming. The series will again be produced by Phil McIntyre Productions and was commissioned by UKTV's Iain Coyle.
Series one, which was stripped across weekdays at 10pm, averaged 355,000 viewers; while the second started in October last year with 412,000, decent figures for the digital channel.
When the series launched in June last year, it faced criticism for plagiarising ideas from the US show The Green Room with Paul Provenza, although the public spat was subsequently settled.
As Yet Untitled is one of several returning comedy shows for Dave, including Dave Gorman Modern Life is Goodish and Taskmaster with Greg Davies and Alex Horne.
Published: 4 Nov 2015
Here is the new Overgrowth Beta video!
Don't forget that you can help support us, try out our beta (such as the one in the video), and chat with other people in early access in the Secret Preorder Forum by purchasing Overgrowth. If you'd like to see real-time news about Overgrowth, you can follow us on Twitter at @wolfire.
Be sure to Be sure to watch it in HD
The features highlighted in the above video are as follows:
Modding
Added Steam Workshop support (initially invite only)
Added new campaign/level/item pack mods types so modders no longer have to hack menus to make it easy for players to use them
Gameplay
Added back the Arena, Versus, and Project 60 prototypes as mods. You can enable them in the mods menu
Made water slow down characters and drown the player if head is underwater too long
Updated walk and run animations, and gave distinct voices for non-rabbit species
Added ability to skip dialog by hitting enter
Made it easier to set enemies on fire
Made enemies in groups less likely to catch knives
Made spear always stick into target when thrown
Made dogs now throw weapons
Added options for changing game speed and enemy difficulty (experimental)
Editor
Added an experimental collision painting option (old collision preserved if you don't use it)
Added "frame selected" feature to editor ("F" key), to focus on selected objects
Added “teleport to selected” feature to editor (Shift + “F” key)
Added editor/player camera FOV controls when in editor mode (+, -, and 0 keys)
Improved freeze button so that you can move the camera while game is frozen and moved freeze button to its own key (`)
Improved object selection when using object groups
Graphics
Visual overhaul for main menu, pause menu, settings menu, and mods menu
Added splash effects and screen space reflections support to water
Added heat distortion and lighting shader effects to magma arena, and fixed obvious tiling of lava
Added back terrain edge fade effect
Performance
Improved performance when full shadows are enabled (when “simple shadows” is not enabled)
Improvements to level loading performance
Bugfixes
Fixed “Error 0:71: ';' : syntax error” crash on some "Intel HD Graphics" GPUs
Fixed vignette effect when simple shadows are enabled
Fixed problem where enemies sometimes fell out of arena levels causing the level to be unbeatable
Fixed some causes of sound/music not working after a while
And many more…
These are just a few of the changes in this beta; you can find the full change log here.
Thanks as always for all the support! See you guys in Discord and the forums.
If you liked this video, be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Also, feel free to support us by purchasing an early access copy of Overgrowth!
Civil township in Michigan, United States
Portage Township is a civil township of Mackinac County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2000 census, the township population was 1,055.
Communities [ edit ]
Curtis is an unincorporated village in the township, located on an isthmus between Manistique and South Manistique lakes.
Geography [ edit ]
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 72.2 square miles (187.0 km²), of which 55.4 square miles (143.5 km²) is land and 16.8 square miles (43.4 km²) (23.23%) is water.
Demographics [ edit ]
As of the census[1] of 2000, there were 1,055 people, 462 households, and 312 families residing in the township. The population density was 19.0 per square mile (7.3/km²). There were 1,060 housing units at an average density of 19.1 per square mile (7.4/km²). The racial makeup of the township was 94.31% White, 0.28% African American, 3.41% Native American, 0.09% Asian, 0.19% from other races, and 1.71% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.04% of the population.
There were 462 households out of which 18.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were married couples living together, 4.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.3% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.61.
In the township the population was spread out with 16.9% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 19.8% from 25 to 44, 35.8% from 45 to 64, and 22.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $27,037, and the median income for a family was $31,103. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $30,000 for females. The per capita income for the township was $15,435. About 11.5% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 34.4% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.
Congress leader Ramesh Chennithala Thursday slammed the ruling CPI(M) and the BJP in equal measure over the latter's ‘Jan Raksha Yatra' in the state. He accused the state government led by Pinarayi Vijayan of making lavish arrangements for the visit of BJP president Amit Shah, who led a padyatra against “violence perpetrated by CPM on RSS-BJP cadres”.
Advertising
“Is Amit Shah the president or the PM of the country? He is simply an MP. I heard that for his visit, an entire road in Payyannur was tarred. I wish Amit Shah had travelled through my constituency, the roads would have been tarred similarly there,” said Chennithala at Thrissur where he inaugurated the Congress' day-long protest against the CPM-ruled state and BJP-led Centre.
“A holiday was announced for schools in the area. A bus station in Payyanur was vacated for Amit Shah's speech. Even though he has Z+ security, hundreds of policemen were stationed for his security. Where is the earnestness of the CPM to fight against the BJP?” asked Chennithala as he targeted the state government. The Leader of Opposition in the Kerala Assembly did not fail to take potshots at the BJP president either.
“The only good thing to come out of this yatra could be Amit Shah reducing his weight. Nothing else will happen in Kerala,” said Chennithala to applause from Congress workers.
“Amit Shah should remember this is Kerala, not Gujarat. If he tries to foment violence here, the people of the state will stand together to fight against him,” he added. The former home minister pleaded for an end to the violence between CPM and RSS-BJP workers in the state in order for peace to return to the state.
Amit Shah skips Kerala Jan Raksha Yatra, BJP left red-faced| Read
“They are competing against each other to hide their respective failures in governance,” he said.
Advertising
Shah has cut short his Kerala visit and returned to New Delhi. He was scheduled to lead the BJP's roadshow through Pinarayi, the home of CM Vijayan.
“We're not just at the center of the immigration discussion,” Tyler Bowyer, chairman of the Republican Party of Maricopa County, the state's most populous, said in an interview. “The border is our backyard. We live the challenges of immigration every single day.”
Arizona is a state in demographic transition. Latinos are poised to become the majority, and they already account for the largest number of students in public schools. But the state is also a magnet for retirees, and older white residents play an outsize role in elections and tilt the state to the right.
Republicans control every statewide office and both chambers of the Legislature. There are currently several anti-immigration measures under consideration in the Legislature, and on Thursday, people who oppose these measures staged a protest at the office of Gov. Doug Ducey, a Republican who has not made his position on the bills known.
In many ways, Arizona's political battles over immigration predicted the tensions and divisions that are defining the presidential election. Mr. Trump is a prime example, with his promises to build a wall at the border and make Mexico pay for it. The state's Latino population swelled to 2.5 million last year from 440,000 in 1980, while the share of white residents has steadily declined.
Sheriff Arpaio stepped up raids as conservative legislators pushed bills that imposed heavy sanctions on employers who hire undocumented immigrants and expanded the legal definition of identity theft to include anyone seeking employment without proper documentation.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Julie1987 from Best Gel EVER I have bought tube after tube of this Matrix gel. I have fine hair, but a lot of it and it's wavy/curly in texture. For those commenting that it makes their hair crunchy, you need to scrunch out the crunch and your hair will be soft and defined. I use about a tablespoon of this gel for my chin length hair and I scrunch the product in when it's VERY wet, then blot with a T-shirt to remove excess water. Diffuse. Best gel ever.
Rated 1 out of 5 by Pamela M from Terrible Product Crunchy and Sticky I bought this one month ago and this product did not defrizz my curls. My hair was frizzy, sticky and crunchy. I have naturally curly hair, applied it to damp hair and let it air dry. No good. Very disappointed in purchase.
Rated 5 out of 5 by JGresko from Perfect for my fine curls My hair is very fine but long and wavy which make it very hard to control. I found that just a small penny sized amount rubbed in to the ends while my hair is damp gives the perfect amount of definition to my curls without weighing it down. I don't go a day without it.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Kimber from I love it! I am so pleased with this product, I keep recommending it to anyone I know that has wavy or curly hair. I have also blown out my hair after applying Super Defrizzer and it dried faster and straighter with less frizz. WTG Matrix!
Rated 1 out of 5 by tanh from hard crispy horrible I brought this product a month ago and its terrible makes my hair fill hard and crispy very disappointment .
'No One Should Have The Right To Prolong My Death'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Jennifer Glass Courtesy of Jennifer Glass
When Jennifer Glass goes to Sacramento on Tuesday to deliver testimony in favor of the California End-of-Life-Options Act, the trip will require some complex logistics.
Her 17-year-old stepson, Tristan, will bundle her into her car and get behind the wheel to drive the two hours from her home in San Mateo, just south of San Francisco. Glass, 52, hopes she's up to the physical challenge. These days even going downstairs for a glass of orange juice means, as she put it the other day, that "I have to plan for that, I have to rally for that, and then I gotta go up and rest from that."
Glass's testimony in support of the right to die is an intensely personal one. She was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2013, and last month she learned it had become resistant to the oral Tarceva she was taking; the cancer is now in both lungs and in her liver, abdomen, pelvis, cervix and brain.
She is now on a new drug regimen including carboplatin, a big-guns chemotherapeutic agent that has really set her back: she says she feels profound exhaustion, has a constant, debilitating headache and is aware of poison "permeating" her body — the poison of the chemo and the poison of the cancer itself.
So her work on behalf of the bill, SB-128, has taken on a new urgency.
The bill, the most recent in a long line of such bills that have been introduced in California since 1995, passed the state Senate in early June by a vote of 23 to 15. The Assembly's health committee is scheduled to vote on it Tuesday after hearing testimony from Glass and a few others, including the mother of Brittany Maynard, the 29-year-old California woman with brain cancer who moved to Oregon so she could end her life on her own schedule. She died last November.
If the bill passes the committee, it moves to the Assembly's judiciary and appropriations committees, after which the whole Assembly has until Sept. 11 to vote on it. From there it would it go to Gov. Jerry Brown's desk for his signature; neither the bill's supporters nor its opponents seem to know how he leans on the issue.
Glass's cancer interrupted her life as a newlywed. She'd had an active career in corporate communications and was an inveterate traveler and a devoted Aunt Jen to her sisters' kids when she met Harlan Seymour, a software engineer, on Match.com in 2010. They had no intention of marrying, but after they moved in together, everything was so "natural and wonderful," Glass recalls, that she suddenly realized "I wanted to be his wife." She was 49 years old, and had never felt that way before. She and Seymour married in August 2012.
Jennifer Glass YouTube
Four months later, just as she was getting used to being a wife — and to being a stepmother to Tristan, then 14, who lived with them half time, and Eloise, then 4 and living primarily with her mother in Chicago — Glass was diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer. "Seriously, who's writing these punch lines?" she wondered aloud. "The cosmic irony of it all did strike me."
As 2013 began, her days became consumed with chemotherapy, radiation, marshaling her declining energy, living the best life she could in the time she had left, and finding a way to avoid a painful and debilitating ending.
"I'm not afraid of death," she told me. "I have been comfortable with the concept of my own mortality for a long time, long before my diagnosis."
But what she is afraid of, she said, is the particular brutality of a cancer death, "drowning in my own lung fluids with my family watching me suffer." Her husband knows about such death first hand, having watched both his parents die from cancer — something he and Glass talked about on their very first date.
The couple did a lot of Googling looking for "what our options might be, looking for a peaceful exit that would be a pill or cocktail I could take that would allow me to go to sleep at the time of my choosing." But no such pill or cocktail existed legally in California. "I felt like it was up to me to jerry-rig this, to find my way around the system because I didn't find the system acceptable."
Glass remembered the advocacy group Compassion & Choices from having watched a documentary a few years earlier called How to Die in Oregon. She contacted them to see if they could help her find a way to die on her own schedule. Later, when her cancer had stabilized, she became an unpaid volunteer for the organization. This has included speaking publicly on behalf of SB-128.
With her husband, Glass created "One Year With Lung Cancer," a video composed of one photograph a day of Glass going through her treatments, with musical accompaniment from Glass's brother, Lawrence. She also blogs about cancer for The Huffington Post, and started a second career as a motivational speaker, giving talks at spas in Arizona and Mexico.
Seymour took early retirement from his tech job and the couple settled into a routine, as far as the treatment schedule would allow. They worked in their shared home office in the morning, met for lunch, went together to the gym where Glass swam and Seymour lifted weights, and returned home for dinner with Tristan. Many evenings they took an after-dinner walk.
"The days are really lovely," she said at the time, "except for this part where I have cancer."
Getting the right-to-die law passed "means I would have the rest of my life when I would be able to live in peace."
Now her focus is on getting SB-128 passed. "I'm doing everything I can to extend my life," she said at a press conference from the state capitol building last January, when the bill was introduced. "No one should have the right to prolong my death."
Glass is already suffering a good deal, but she said it's too soon to decide how much suffering would be enough to make her start thinking about hastening her death. Her plan now is to tough it out through the grueling chemotherapy, which usually takes four to six months. "Then we'll see where I am," she said.
"But regardless of whatever happens to my cancer," she added, "it would be an enormous relief to me if this bill passes in September and the governor signs it."
The earliest the law could go into effect is January 1, 2016, which might turn out to be too late to help her directly. But even if she doesn't live to see it implemented, Glass said, knowing it was on the horizon "means I would have the rest of my life when I would be able to live in peace."
Technically, Nintendo's Wii U will launch the "next generation" of video game consoles when it hits stores later this year. But as far as pure hardware power, the upcoming system might be better grouped with the current generation of high-definition consoles like the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. At least that's what Darksiders 2 director Marvin Donald said in a video interview with Nordic site Game Reactor.
"We'll have a few new features for sure, but I think visually, for the most part, it'll be pretty much the same," Donald said of the Wii U version of Darksiders 2, which is being planned as a launch title for the system. "So far the hardware's been on par with what we have with the current generation, so, based on what I understand, the resolution, textures, polygon counts and all that stuff, we're not going to being doing anything to up-rez the game, but we'll take advantage of the controller for sure."
Donald's statement runs counter to that of Sterne Agee analyst Arvind Bhatia, who said when the Wii U was first unveiled at last year's E3 that he understood it "will have 50 percent more processing power compared to the PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360." But it does match up with a rumored set of hardware specs for the system that leaked last December, which described a system that was "very similar" to the Xbox 360 from a hardware perspective.
Simply matching the graphical and processing power of systems that are over half-a-decade old would seem to be a risky move for Nintendo, given that improved performance over the status quo is usually the key selling point for any new console, trumping the lineup of launch software. The key exception to this rule, of course, has been Nintendo's own Wii, a severely underpowered system that rode its low price and unique motion-sensing controller to years of sales dominance. It looks like Nintendo is pursuing a similar strategy with the Wii U, counting on the appeal of its touch-screen-equipped mega-controller to sell the system rather than fancy graphical upgrades. Going with "current gen" hardware will also likely keep down Nintendo's production costs, and therefore the system's price, although a lot depends on just how much the gaming giant is paying to produce those tablet controllers.
There probably isn't much downside to this strategy in the near term. Both Microsoft and Sony have indicated they're in no great rush to release follow ups to their current systems, meaning the Wii U will be competing directly with the Xbox 360 and PS3 for at least a year, if not longer. This head start, if combined with a low price, could make the Wii U seem relatively more appealing coming out of the gate, and give Nintendo a chance to establish a foothold in the world of high-definition gaming.
But the low-powered hardware strategy starts to look a little riskier in the long run, after Sony and Microsoft will have released what are almost sure to be much more powerful systems on their own terms. Sure, Nintendo can brag about versions of Darksiders 2 and Assassin's Creed III coming to the Wii U this year, but things might be different in a few years, when developers start finding that the Wii U just can't manage decent ports of games designed for its more powerful console competition (not to mention high-end PCs, which will undoubtedly be making the next generation of consoles look downright outdated in the years to come). To see just how bad it could be, look at how many big-name publishers have simply refused to port some of their biggest multiplatform games to the Wii in recent years, simply because the outdated hardware couldn't do them justice.
Then again, it's possible that the Wii U won't suffer as much as the Wii on this score. As we get closer and closer to true photorealism in games, we may be entering a period of diminishing returns for new hardware, where the graphical and gameplay leaps that can be achieved by a new system keep getting narrower and narrower. Sure, Epic's aspirational Samaritan demo looks a bit better than the best games on the market today, but does it really look so much better that it will compel consumers to shell out hundreds of dollars for a new console? The fact that Microsoft and Sony are holding off in releasing their own improved systems suggests the market might not be itching to pay for slightly improved graphics—at least not yet.
Nintendo is obviously taking a calculated risk here, after being driven to move first by a quickly cratering market for Wii hardware and software. If it can strike the perfect balance between novelty, low price and hardware that's "good enough" to have lasting appeal, the strategy might pay off. But it's definitely going to be a tough needle to thread.
On Saturday, April 2nd, India won the 2011 Cricket World Cup, defeating Sri Lanka by 6 wickets in the final, played at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai, India. While 33,000 spectators watched the final in person, some estimates have placed the number of TV viewers worldwide at well over 1 billion people - perhaps the most-viewed sports event ever. Saturday's final followed two semi-final matches, including a March 30th contest between host nation India and rival Pakistan, where Pakistan's prime minister, Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani and India's prime minister, Manmohan Singh sat side by side to take in the match in an act of "cricket diplomacy." Gathered here are images from the last few days of the 2011 Cricket World Cup, a look at the matches, the players and many of their supporters.
Elise Huillery writes in the Journal of Economic History:
What share of French expenditure was allocated to West Africa? What share of West Africa's revenue was provided by France? These two questions are crucial since scholars and politicians who claim colonization had a “positive role” make essentially the two arguments that the colonies benefited from imperial public investments and that mainland taxpayers sacrificed local investments for investments in the colonies. I find that the costs of AOF's colonization for the metropolis were low. From 1844 to 1957 France devoted on average 0.29 percent of its public expenditures to AOF's colonization. Colonization of French West Africa was profitable for France to the extent that the impact on cumulative domestic production exceeded 3.2 billion 1914 francs. The military cost of conquest and pacification accounts for the vast majority (80 percent) of the average annual cost. The cost of central administration in Paris accounts for another 4 percent. So subsidies to AOF account for only 16 percent of the average annual cost, meaning that less than 0.05 percent of annual total metropolis public expenditures were devoted to AOF's development. For French West African taxpayers, French contribution was not as beneficial as has been argued. From 1907 to 19578 the metropolis provided about 2 percent of French West Africa's public revenue. Local taxes thus accounted for nearly all of French West Africa's revenue. These resources supported the cost of French civil servants whose salaries were disproportionally high compared to the limited financial capacity of the local population. Administrators, teachers, doctors, engineers, lawyers, and so on, were paid French salaries and got an additional allowance for being abroad. Thus, in the colonial public finance system, most revenues were collected on an African basis while being spent on a French basis. To illustrate this point, I show that colonial executives (eight governors and their cabinets) and district administrators (about 120 French civil servants) together accounted for more than 13 percent of local public expenditures.
The rest of this very fascinating paper is here.
Besides the headline finding, also interesting in the paper are: (i) the extent to which Paris subsidized private firms involved in the colonial enterprise; and (ii) the structure of the public finance system that allowed the AOF administration to borrow directly from French banks with the full backing of Paris (which allowed for lower rates). This might explain the persistence of the monetary relationship between former AOF territories and Paris in the form of the CFA and a common central bank (BCEAO).
As I keep saying, Economic History is hot again. And sooner rather than later it's going to become more apparent to more people that African political and economic history did not begin in 1960, or for that matter in 1884-5. And neither was it just about the unimaginably catastrophic Atlantic experience.
Getty Images
The world will never know whether the Cowboys and Broncos impermissibly compared notes on their negotiations with receivers Dez Bryant and Demaryius Thomas, respectively. (The teams officially deny it.) Through their agents, the players definitely did.
It's permissible for players and agents to collude. In this specific case, coordination between Bryant and Thomas became a no-brainer because their agents, Tom Condon and Todd France, now work together at CAA.
Per a source with knowledge of the situation, the two agents took full advantage of their new relationship to shake five-year, $70 million deals from two teams that, before Wednesday, hadn't gotten close to the $14 million annual average that two years under the franchise tag dictated for both players.
Despite the public chatter about Calvin Johnson's contract and other veteran receiver deals, all that mattered for Bryant and Thomas was the money they would have made under the next two years of the franchise tag. It exceeded $28 million, putting the floor on a long-term average at $14 million and requiring that each received more than $28 million fully guaranteed over the first two years to make a long-term deal better than the tag.
Both did much better than $28 million fully guaranteed over two years. Bryant has $32 million fully guaranteed now, with another $13 million fully guaranteed as of March 2016, roughly the same time that the Cowboys would have had to decide whether to apply the franchise tag again. He currently has $45 million guaranteed for injury; if the Cowboys decide to move on before the next $22 million vests, he'll get $32 million for one year of play and become a free agent.
Thomas has $35 million guaranteed now, with another $8.5 million shifting from injury-only to fully guaranteed in early 2017.
As noted yesterday, it ultimately came down to comparing money to be made under the tag over the next two years to the value of the long-term deal. By coordinating, Condon and France were able to squeeze out a lot more than the $28-million-over-two-years line of demarcation between signing a long-term contract or simply playing under the tag. Their ability to permissibly collude helped make that happen.
This doesn't mean the Broncos and Cowboys didn't at some point compare notes. It would be naive to assume collusion doesn't happen among NFL teams; the question is whether anyone puts themselves in position to get caught doing it.
In this case, it could be that the NFL Players Association seized on a shred of collusion evidence (i.e., the notion that Cowboys COO Stephen Jones told Bryant that Jones had spoken to Broncos G.M. John Elway about the receiver negotiations) as an effort to ensure that the Broncos and Cowboys wouldn't collude in the critical hours leading up to Wednesday's deadline for doing long-term deals.
Which means that collusion among the players aimed at exposing potential collusion among the teams allowed the players to collude on Wednesday while preventing collusion by the teams.
Purnima 2017 Dates, When is Pooranmashi in 2017
Pooranmashi Dates in 2017/Full Moon Dates in 2017 with Timings
When is Pooranmashi in January 2017?
Puranmashi or Purnima is the full moon day of the month. The day of Pooranmashi holds a great deal of importance in Hinduism as well as Sikhism. Fasting on the poornima day or taking bath in a holy river like Ganga, Yamuna etc. are considered auspicious. Many people also hold a Satyanarayan vrat or simply recite the Satyanarayan vrat katha on the day of puranmashi. Below you can find the Purnima 2017 dates Following are the Puranmashi dates in 2017 and Puranmashi time in 2017 but could vary by a day depending upon the locations:Paush Purnima - January 12, 2017, ThursdayTime - 7:23 PM on January 11 to 5:30 PM on January 12.Paush Purnima Vrat - January 11.Magha Purnima - February 10, 2017, FridayTime - 07:08 AM on Feb 10 to 06:00 AM on Feb 11Magha Purnima Vrat - February 10.Phalguna Purnima - March 12, 2017, SundayTime - 7:39 PM on March 11 to 7:25 PM on March 12Phalguna Purnima Vrat - March 12.Chaitra Purnima - April 11, 2017, TuesdayTime - 9:25 AM on April 10 to 10:15 AM on April 11Chaitra Purnima Vrat - April 10Vaishakha Purnima or Buddha Purnima - May 10, 2017, WednesdayTime - 12:13 AM on May 10 to 1:52 AM on May 11Vaishakha Purnima Fasting or Buddha Purnima Vrat - May 10Jyeshtha Purnima - June 09, 2017, FridayTime - 3:36 PM on June 08 to 5:38 PM on June 09Jyeshtha Purnima Vrat - June 08Ashadha Purnima or Guru Purnima - July 09, 2017, SundayTime - 7:02 AM on July 08 to 8:51 AM on July 09Ashadha/Guru Purnima Vrat - July 08Shravan Purnima August 07, 2017, MondayTime - 9:56 PM on August 06 to 11:02 PM on August 08Shravan Purnima Vrat - August 07Bhadrapada Purnima - September 06, 2017, WednesdayTime - 11:57 AM on September 05 to 12:06 PM on September 06Bhadrapada Purnima Vrat - September 05Ashwin Purnima - October 05, 2017, ThursdayTime - 12:55 AM on October 05 to 12:08 AM on October 06Ashwin Purnima Vrat - October 05.Kartik Purnima or Guru Nanak Jayanti - November 04, 2017, SaturdayTime - 12:58 PM on November 03 to 11:14 AM on November 04Kartik Purnima Vrat - November 03.Margashirsha Purnima - December 03, 2017, SundayTime - 12:17 AM on December 03 to 10:09 PM on December 03Margashirsha Purnima Vrat - December 03We would update here for theNote: Fasting days on Purnima or Pournami could be different for locations to locations. One should make sure that the day he/she is fasting must be the Purnima day only. Poornima is called by the name of Pournami or Pournima in South India and fasting is called as Pournami Vratam.
CHERNOBYL, Ukraine (AFP) – Fallout from Chernobyl remains a poorly-investigated hazard for the environment a quarter of a century after the disaster, say experts.
According to anecdotal evidence, animals such as beavers, deer, wild horses, hawks and eagles have returned in abundance to Chernobyl's 30-kilometre (18-mile) exclusion zone since humans fled and hunting was outlawed.
But this picture is misleading, said University of South Carolina biology professor Tim Mousseau, one of the few scientists to have probed biodiversity around Chernobyl in depth.
“Chernobyl is definitely not a haven for wildlife,” he said in a phone interview.
“When you actually do the hard work, of conducting a scientific study, where you rigorously control for all the variables, and you do this repeatedly in many different places, the signal is very strong.
“There are many fewer animals and many fewer kinds of animals than you would expect.”
In 2010, Mousseau and colleagues published the biggest-ever census of wildlife in the exclusion zone.
It showed that mammals had declined and insect diversity, including bumblebees, grasshoppers, butterflies and dragonflies, had also fallen.
And in a study published in February this year, they netted 550 birds, belonging to 48 species at eight different sites, and measured their heads to determine the volume of their brains.
Birds living in “hot spots” had five percent smaller brains than those living where radiation was lower — and the difference was especially great among birds less than a year old.
Smaller brains are linked to a lower cognitive ability and thus survival. The study suggested many bird embryos probably do not survive at all.
“This clearly ties to the level of background contamination,” said Mousseau. “There are bound to be consequences for the ecosystem as a whole.”
Mousseau said it was vital to explore the link, not least because of the relevance for Fukushima, which with Chernobyl is the only nuclear accident to rate a maximum seven on a world ranking of gravity.
But funding for Western research into environmental impacts at Chernobyl has slumped and many Russian-language studies are never translated into English, he said.
Radioactive dust and ash spewed over more than 200,000 square kilometres (77,000 square miles) after Chernobyl's No. 4 reactor exploded and caught fire on April 26 1986.
Ukraine, Belarus and Russia were most affected, although deposits reached as far north as Scotland and as far west as Ireland, requiring in some places long-term restrictions on cattle grazing.
Contamination, even in the notorious exclusion zone, is not uniform.
Some areas are quite clean. But a few hundred metres (yards) away, there can be “hotspots” — determined by the winds and rain that deposited the particles, or the leaves that trapped them — where radiation is far higher.
Today, the main threats are caesium 137 and to a lesser degree strontium 90, which decay slowly in a timescale measured in decades, according to France's Institute for Radiological Protection and Nuclear Safety (IRSN).
Their radioactivity has fallen by orders of magnitude from 25 years ago but in the hotspots it lingers in a 10- to 20-centimetre (four- to eight-inch) layer of topsoil. They thus provide a low-dose but constant and lasting source of exposure.
Radioactive particles pass from the soil into plants via their roots, into animals that eat the vegetation and into the humans that eat their meat or drink their milk.
Absorbed into the bones and organs, caesium emits alpha radiation, which damages DNA in close proximity, boosting the risk of mutant cells that become tumours — or, in reproductive cells, are handed on in progeny.
Western and southern Ukraine were not affected by fallout from Chernobyl, and in the country's large farms and food factories there is no risk because of surveillance, say scientists.
But radioactivity still affects rural areas of northern Ukraine, where poor farmers pick wild mushrooms and berries and cannot afford to buy clean hay from uncontaminated regions for their cows.
Valery Kashparov, director of the Ukrainian Institute of Agricultural Radiology, said the government cut off funds for radiation monitoring in 2008. Around 400,000 euros (600,000 dollars) are needed annually to ensure this food is uncontaminated.
“The contamination is going down, but it will take dozens of years for nature to bring it down to safe levels,” he said.
In research presented in Kiev this month, scientists for Greenpeace purchased food from village markets in two administrative regions, Zhytomyr and Rivne.
Tests found caesium 137 above permissible levels in many samples of milk, dried mushrooms and berries, they said. Levels were extremely high in Rivne, where a peaty, waterlogged soil transmits radioactive particles more easily to plants than other soil types.
What might the oil- and gas-rich Eagle Ford Shale region of South Texas look like in 2018?
A newly released but largely unnoticed study commissioned by the state of Texas makes some striking projections:
The number of wells drilled in the 20,000-square-mile region could quadruple, from about 8,000 today to 32,000.
Oil production could leap from 363 million barrels per year to as much as 761 million.
Airborne releases of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) could increase 281 percent during the peak ozone season compared to 2012 emissions. VOCs, commonly found at oil and gas production sites, can cause respiratory and neurological problems. Some, like benzene, can cause cancer.
Nitrogen oxides—which react with VOCs in sunlight to create ground-level ozone, the main component of smog—could increase 69 percent during the peak ozone season.
These projections are included in a study prepared by scientists with the Alamo Area Council of Governments (AACOG) in San Antonio and paid for by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ). The study was designed to determine the extent to which oil and gas development in the Eagle Ford region is contributing to rising ozone levels in the San Antonio metropolitan area, which lies north of much of the drilling. San Antonio's ozone readings have violated federal air quality standards since August 2012, making the city vulnerable to sanctions under the Clean Air Act.
The study's findings also have implications beyond San Antonio.
In February, the Center for Public Integrity, InsideClimate News and The Weather Channel produced a series of reports about air quality in the Eagle Ford and found that the Texas regulatory system does more to protect the gas and oil industry than the public. The TCEQ has installed only five permanent air monitors in the region, which is nearly twice the size of Massachusetts, and all of them are on the fringes of the shale play, far from the heavy drilling areas where emissions are highest.
Peter Bella, AACOG's natural resources director, said in a telephone interview that the San Antonio project has two components: a 260-page emission inventory that was posted without fanfare on the AACOG website April 4, and a photochemical model that uses numbers from the inventory and meteorological data to project how the Eagle Ford's pollutants will influence ozone in San Antonio.
Findings from the photochemical model were given to the TCEQ more than two months ago and the agency is reviewing AACOG's methodology. Bella said he did not know when the results would be released.
The TCEQ did not immediately respond to a request for comment Friday.
The emission inventory catalogs air pollutants from a range of oil and gas operations using three scenarios: low, moderate and aggressive development. (The numbers cited above assume aggressive development.) It was prepared with technical assistance from, and was reviewed by, the TCEQ.
CLICK TO ENLARGE
State Rep. Lon Burnam, a Fort Worth Democrat, said the growth predictions are bad news for people who live in the Eagle Ford and surrounding cities, especially San Antonio. Burnam has tried unsuccessfully for years to pass legislation that would protect people from pollution associated with oil and gas production.
"The numbers are mind-boggling," said Burnam, who recently lost a primary election for a 10th term. "Welcome to an increasingly dirty and unhealthy environment in a state wholly unsympathetic to the health and welfare of its people and wholly beholden to the industry."
Omar Garcia, president of the South Texas Energy & Economic Roundtable, said Friday morning that he did not have the time to talk about the implications of the report. In previous interviews Garcia has stressed the economic benefits of the Eagle Ford boom. His organization, which represents major operators in the region, says on its website that in 2012 the boom generated $61 billion in spending and more than 116,000 full-time jobs.
"I would love to engage," Garcia told a reporter, explaining that he couldn't spare even a few minutes. "We'll get you on the next one."
Drilling for Decades to Come
Documents obtained by the Center for Public Integrity and InsideClimate News under the Texas Public Information Act show that the AACOG study has generated intense scrutiny. In an email last May, for example, Bella told TCEQ scientists he had "recently been fielding questions on a weekly basis" about it from the media, local officials and academic researchers.
The results of the report, plus a separate inventory of non-Eagle Ford pollution sources, would help the fast-growing San Antonio metropolitan area prepare for future development, Bella wrote.
"We can't afford to work through this critical juncture in San Antonio's air quality history without comprehensive, accurate ozone data...including a comprehensive, accurate ozone precursor" emission inventory for the Eagle Ford, he wrote.
A final draft of the inventory was submitted to the TCEQ for review in December and released publicly a week ago, at the same time the agency was compelled to provide documents related to the report to the Center for Public Integrity and InsideClimate News under the Public Information Act.
The report relies heavily on industry publications and input from Eagle Ford operators with on-the-ground expertise. The document paints a picture of massive production growth over the next four years in a largely rural area already impacted by air pollution and other problems associated with five years of drilling.
Between 2008 and 2012, for example, 835 oil and gas wells were drilled in La Salle County—about one well for every 9 residents.In neighboring McMullen County—population 730—the ratio is 1 well per 5 residents.
Parts of the Eagle Ford could see active drilling through 2035, the report says, and wells could be more tightly packed. That could lead to more concentrated air emissions. Most of the growth is expected to occur in four counties—Webb, Dimmit, Karnes and La Salle. These counties were responsible for more than half of the Eagle Ford's VOC and nitrogen oxide emissions in 2012.
Devine, Texas, lawyer Tomas Ramirez represents two Karnes County families in lawsuits against oil companies that claim emissions are sickening his clients. He called the AACOG projections "staggering."
"It's already dangerous if you live in close proximity to these sources of emissions," Ramirez said. "So what does the future hold when you see such a huge increase? I think that the quality of life will substantially deteriorate for the people."
Ramirez said he recognizes the vital role oil and gas plays in the Texas economy and that energy is a critical element in the overall stability of the country.
But the industry has to be more responsible, he said. Pollution controls "cost money and the oil companies don't want to spend it. There is a way it can be done but the oil companies are not going to want to spend the money to do it."
Extent of Future Emissions Debated
Midstream operations – gas processing plants, compressor stations, storage tanks – will far surpass drilling rigs and well hydraulic engines as sources of ozone-forming pollutants, the AACOG scientists forecast. If the area develops as fast as some predict, midstream facilities could be producing 64 tons of VOCs and 49 tons of nitrogen oxides per ozone season day by 2018. That's more than twice what was emitted in 2012. (In San Antonio, the ozone season runs from April through October).
Email exchanges between AACOG and TCEQ scientists show cordial discussions of the methods used to calculate pollution levels in the Eagle Ford. The emails also reveal the unique challenge of estimating emissions from a fast-developing industry where technologies are constantly evolving.
In an email on Feb. 24, 2014, for example, the TCEQ's Michael Ege noted that AACOG's numbers for emissions from pump engines were higher than estimates from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, while AACOG's emission calculations from oil and condensate tanks were lower than those used by the TCEQ.
The scientists met two days later to discuss the numbers, and AACOG's Steven Smeltzer sent Ege an email on Feb. 27 to explain the discrepancies. Smeltzer said the EPA's numbers were outdated, and that AACOG had used data from local industry sources and environmental consultants. AACOG also got its storage tank information from local operators.
Such disagreements aside, it's clear the Eagle Ford is headed for explosive growth. The report notes that David Porter, a member of the Texas Railroad Commission, which regulates drilling, said it will take nearly three decades to "fully develop" the Eagle Ford.
Tom Smith, director of the Texas chapter of Public Citizen, a nonprofit public-interest advocacy organization, said that kind of growth would exhaust the resources of the region's counties and cities in terms of maintaining roads and providing services.
"The economic devastation to the communities will be extraordinary," he said. "The demands for infrastructure will increase proportionally to the increase in activity. The tax base will struggle to pay the debt and clean up the mess made for decades."
Amber Lyssy, who lives with her husband and three children on an organic farm in Wilson County, said their land is already surrounded by drilling rigs, flares, storage tanks and waste pits.
"Now, to think it's going to get worse is scary," she said
This story is part of a project by InsideClimate News, the Center for Public Integrity and The Weather Channel. Jim Morris is a senior reporter with the Center for Public Integrity. Lisa Song and David Hasemyer report for InsideClimate News.
Millions of Florida residents lost power after Hurricane Irma raged through the state. But some homeowners with solar energy installations couldn't use them during the outage.
Up to 40 percent of Floridians lost power after the hurricane. And although some of them had solar panels on their roofs, not all were able to use that solar power. Under Florida Power and Light (FPL)'s net metering guidelines, “Renewable generator systems connected to the grid without batteries are not a standby power source during an FPL outage. The system must shut down when FPL's grid shuts down in order to prevent dangerous back feed on FPL's grid. This is required to protect FPL employees who may be working on the grid.”
Related: Garbage from Hurricane Irma will now help power Florida
Yes, including me. I even have solar panels but can't get juice from them during a blackout because of FPL's rules. https://t.co/w6jX32FqYH — Michael Grunwald (@MikeGrunwald) September 12, 2017
Florida-based company Solar Trek owner Patrick Altier told Snopes.com residents with solar panels actually can use solar power if the grid fails – but only if “they purchase additional equipment to prevent volts of electricity from traveling through power lines and harming unsuspecting neighbors or repair crews.”
Altier explained a grid-type solar system shuts off when the grid does to avoid dangerous back feed. But a battery-interactive solar system offers an alternative: “When the grid goes down, a transfer switch me off the grid and into the battery system, so there's no way I could back-feed and hurt a utility linesman.”
Customers with a battery system like a Tesla Powerwall can use solar panels during a grid failure, according to Snopes.com.
Miami New Times said people have criticized FPL for spending money on lobbying rather than on hurricane-proofing grids. The Energy and Policy Institute found a FPL lobbyist drafting anti-solar laws for Republican state representative Ray Rodrigues this April. FPL contributed $15,000 to Rodrigues' campaign. According to the Miami New Times, the Sunshine State trails behind other states in solar adoption due to power company influence.
UPDATE: Inhabitat's article originally said state code requires people to connect their homes to the local electric grid, and that it would be illegal for people to use solar power during the grid failures that happened in the wake of Hurricane Irma. Per a Snopes.com fact check, “Floridians are not, in fact, mandated by law to connect solar panels to the power grid.” They can use solar power if they have a battery system.
Via International Business Times, Miami New Times, and Snopes.com
Images via The National Guard on Flickr and Wikimedia Commons
This article was updated September 26 at 12:30 PM.
According to an exclusive report by Dispatch, actors Lee Jong Suk and Park Shin Hye have been dating for about four months!
It is reported that the former on-screen couple have progressed into a real-life couple. Dispatch has shared that Lee Jong Suk and Park Shin Hye began their relationship earlier this year in January, following the completion of “Pinocchio,” and have continued their relationship over the past four months.
The news outlet has spotted the couple on multiple dates during the last three months. It is said that the two have enjoyed dates both in Korea and overseas, usually taking advantage of overseas schedules to spend time with one another.
A source close to them revealed, “Magazine photo shoots usually wrap up in two days. The rest of the time is free. The two would make time for each other while working to go on dates secretly.”
It is also reported that the two actors would meet late at night to go on dates most of the time, which usually consisted of going on drives together. Most often, Lee Jong Suk would switch between his first car (Mercedes-Benz) and his second (Porsche) to pick up Park Shin Hye from her home. When meeting at night, it is said that they would go on drives for two or three hours at a time, but would not stay out later than 1 a.m.
Watch Dispatch's video below:
UPDATE:
After checking with both Lee Jong Suk and Park Shin Hye, their reps have released an official statement refuting the dating rumors and stated that they are just “close friends.” Furthermore, a representative of Park Shin Hye spoke with Sports Today and emphasized, “It is untrue that she is dating Lee Jong Suk. The pictures were taken after an overseas photo shoot. The rumors are completely untrue.”
Source (1) (2) (3) (4)
Ottawa police have arrested a man accused of robbing three businesses in the space of just over an hour-and-a-half Sunday morning.
Police said a convenience store in the 300 block of Elgin Street was robbed Sunday at 6 a.m. A fast food restaurant in the 100 block of Rideau Street was targeted an hour later, before the suspect sped halfway across town to rob a gas station in the 1400 block of Baseline Road 40 minutes later.
Police said the suspect produced a note demanding cash in the first two robberies, and made a verbal demand in the third.
The suspect never produced a weapon, and made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from each business. He was arrested by officers later that same day.
A 24-year-old Ottawa man is charged with three counts of robbery and two counts of wearing a disguise.
5 I had this while visiting Scotland and I must say this is one of the smoothest single malts I've had.
5 Absolutely delicious. Smooth and full of delicious flavours. the sherry notes really come through
4 I had some the other night and was surprised by how good it was. Triple wood really works with it and gives it depth. Very drinkable. Great value.
5 Smooth, far too drinkable – you can really taste the sherry in this. Did I say smooth? Very smooth, top 3 for me.
5 Got a bottle of this as a gift recently and it is sooooooo good. So much flavour and easy to drink.
4 I received this bottle of Three Wood as a gift and I will definitely buy it again as soon as this bottle is emptied – which is happening way too quickly!
5 Fantastic - my favourite whisky
4 Great value for price point.
4 First taste of the delightful Scotch. It's a treat. Not sure about the zero smoke rating because it's there in the background.
5 Amazing! Rich and heavy without peat. Sweet on the nose. Plenty of prunes. Rich in flavour, it has plenty of depth. Very, very nice from Auchentoshan.
5 A swill and the sweet melody of bagpipes begins!
5 Excellent. Great value. Better than many more expensive scotch.
4 Very smooth and flavorful. A little spice under the tongue. I don't usually like lowlands, so this was a very pleasant surprise.
4 Lovely drams this one..the Oloroso andP.X sherry maturation really works wonders!!!Amazing value for money...highly recommend!!!!
5 This is a whisky that is bold and complex. It is perfect for those moments when one wants to sit and relax for a few minutes.
5 The only Scotch whiskey I have found to be that smooth. My favorite along with Bunnahabain.
5 Really enjoy this whiskey. Easy drink and very relaxing. I would buy it again
5 excellent whisky lovely taste
5 The best scotch I have ever had the honor to open and drink!
Depression in parents can make offspring fussy eaters
Children born to parents suffering from anxiety or depression during and after pregnancy are more likely to grow into fussy eaters, a Dutch study reveals. Fussy eaters are very selective about food. It is quite common in childhood and a serious concern for a growing child. Researchers from Erasmus MC-University Medical Center, Rotterdam, enlisted 4,746 mother and child pairs and 4,144 fathers. Parents were asked to complete a survey during pregnancy, and then again three years later, to assess symptoms of anxiety and depression. By the age of three, around 30% of the children were classified as fussy eaters and in most of the cases mothers were suffering from anxiety and depression during and after pregnancy. The study was published in the Archives of Disease in Childhood. Read more here.
Daily intake of almond can improve diet quality
Eating almonds even in a small quantity on a daily basis can improve the quality of diet in children as well as adults, a US study claims. Researchers from the University of Florida asked 28 parent-child pairs living in North Central Florida to eat 40g almonds daily for three-weeks while children were instructed to eat half an ounce of almonds every day. At the beginning of the study, parents' average Healthy Eating Index score (measure of diet quality) was 53.7 ± 1.8 and children's score was 53.7 ± 2.6. According to USDA's Dietary Guidelines for Americans, a score below 51 indicates poor diet and a score greater than 80 indicates a good diet. After the almond intervention, parents' average diet score increased to 61.4 ± 1.4 and children's score was 61.4 ± 2.2. The study was published in the Journal of Nutrition Research. Read more here.
Partner's lifestyle increases risk of obesity in other partner
Poor lifestyle of one partner can increase the risk of obesity in the other partner, irrespective of the partner's genetic profile, a Scottish study claims. Researchers from the University of Edinburgh examined health records of 20,000 people and compared their family genetics and home environments during childhood and adulthood. The findings revealed that the environment a person shares with a partner also influences whether the person will become obese or not. Even people who come from families with a history of obesity can reduce their risk by changing their lifestyle habits. The study has been published in the journal PLOS Genetics. Read more here.
Low fibre diet affects sleep quality
People on diet which is low on fibre and high on fat and sugar are more likely to take longer to sleep and have a restless sleep compared to those on high fibre and low sugar diet, a US study shows. Researchers from Columbia University studied 26 adults who played around with their diet regularly. When participants had a high-fibre, high-protein dinner which was low on saturated fat, they fell asleep in less than 20 minutes and spent more time in deep sleep. When they ate a meal low in fibre, but high in saturated fat and sugar, they took about 30 minutes to sleep, and had a less restful sleep. The study was published in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine. Read more here.
Graphical warning on cigarettes not always effective
Use of graphic warning labels on cigarette packages is not the most effective deterrent to smoking, a US study suggests. Researchers from the University of Illinois enlisted 435 undergraduates between 18 and 25 years of age. All participants were given a cigarette package with graphical warning and were asked to respond to a questionnaire to measure their psychological reaction to the package. The graphic warning was seen by many as a threat to their freedom of choice and autonomy and they responded accordingly. At times it can even have a boomerang effect and lead people to smoke. The study was published in the journal Communication Research. Read more here.
Compiled by Abhijit Ahaskar
The Seattle Department of Transportation is proposing to install six blocks of 24/7 bus lane, downtown, on Pine St, between 9th Ave and 3rd Ave. The proposed installation will mirror a similar installation on Pike St, between 2nd and 7th, completed last summer: It will be a painting and signage exercise in the right-hand curb lane, with turns permitted. If approved, the lane should be installed this fall. You can send comments on this proposal to jonathan.dong@seattle.gov.
I don't have much to say on this specific proposal, except “Yes, please do this last year.” Pike/Pine is the primary transit corridor for service between Westlake Station, the downtown core, and Capitol Hill; plus it serves more than half a dozen suburban commuter routes in the peak periods. Riders on these routes deserve all the relief from car traffic they can get. The opening of University Link next year will change the nature of Pike/Pine, making it an east-west oriented corridor, but by no means negating its importance to the transit network.
If this lane is installed as described, buses making the Pike/Pine loop will have continuous lanes starting west of I-5, with just one problematic gap: One long block southbound on 2nd Ave. Buses here bog down terribly in the afternoon peak, although I'm not sure what can be done about this, given the eventual certainty that SDOT will (and should) extend the 2nd Ave cycletrack north along that block and into Belltown.
Perhaps, then the next area for attention should be the intersection of Pike and Boren, another rush-hour schedule killer. A well-executed BAT lane and queue jump could free buses from traffic, and get Pike St riders quickly across First Hill's worst car sewer.
NOT LONG AGO, a tenured professor at the University of Virginia's College of Arts and Sciences moved to a university in New York because her same-sex partner, diagnosed with cancer, couldn't get covered by her health insurance in Virginia. A physician at U-Va.'s medical school decamped for an Ivy League school because state law doesn't recognize her relationship with her partner or their children, so she couldn't get them coverage.
How many more talented minds have to leave before Virginia takes concrete action to protect publicly employed academics and thus the quality of their universities?
That's the question raised by Jeff Trammell, who documented these and other difficulties encountered by gay faculty before he stepped down last month as a board member at Virginia's College of William and Mary, his alma mater; he was rector, or leader of the board, for the past two years. Before he left, Mr. Trammell, who is gay, urged that Virginia allow public universities to offer domestic partner benefits to academics in same-sex partnerships and marriages.
In the wake of the Supreme Court ruling earlier this summer that the federal government must treat same-sex marriages the same as heterosexual ones, gay and lesbian academics are weighing a new set of incentives to leave public universities and colleges in the commonwealth.
“We already have lost valued gay and lesbian faculty to our competitors who do not discriminate,” Mr. Trammell told The Post's Nick Anderson in an interview. “With changes in federal benefits soon available to legally married gay couples, we will lose more.”
A number of Virginia's public university presidents pushed for the state to address this very problem in 2009. They have been ignored by Gov. Robert F. McDonnell (R) and the outspoken anti-gayrights attorney general, Ken Cuccinelli II (R). Mr. Trammell is right to bring up the issue again.
U-Va., an academic powerhouse, is one of eight so-called “public Ivies.” It tied for second place in this year's U.S. News & World Report rankings of the nation's public universities. Unless the university fixes this situation quickly, its standing and prestige may suffer.
As Mr. Trammell wrote in a June 11 letter to the president of Virginia Tech, there is troubling evidence that the state may face an accelerating brain drain of gay academics. And when they leave, in many cases they take their grant funding with them. For example, he detailed how a tenured professor in Virginia Commonwealth University's pharmacology and toxicology department moved to a private nonprofit research institution in North Carolina that offered full benefits to her partner of 20 years. When she left, she took along her grant of more than $1 million — a loss for Virginia and a win for North Carolina.
Even in states that, like Virginia, don't recognize same-sex marriage, some public universities have expanded health-care benefits to include same-sex couples. The University of Missouri, for instance, recently adopted a more inclusive plan. There's no reason that Virginia shouldn't be able to do the same — especially at Thomas Jefferson's university.
The federal government has sent nearly a million dollars in emergency funding to a northern Ontario reserve it is auditing amid questions over the use of taxpayer dollars, even as the community's only school remains shuttered.
The Gull Bay First Nations school, which runs from Kindergarten to Grade 8, closed its doors around the same time the former chief is said to have thrown, apparently in his capacity as chief, two Christmas parties and a New Year's Eve fete that included dinner and live music, one attendee told the National Post.
New chief Wilfred King, who was narrowly elected on Jan. 13 after being voted out in 2010, claims the previous council mismanaged the band's finances and said he is working to clean up the books, re-open the school and re-staff the health clinic.
Regardless of how the community arrived at this dire situation, band members are today facing frozen pipes and no running water, crowded housing with little or no heat, missing band-owned equipment, and only interim staff hired to key posts.
As of Monday morning, we were basically broke — bankrupt
Mr. King said when he left council two years ago, he had just months before pulled the band out of third-party management and left the incoming government with $1.2-million in its coffers. But when he resumed his duties on Jan. 14, he said the general pot was drained and that some accounts, including the one that pays welfare cheques, were overdrawn.
“As of Monday morning, we were basically broke — bankrupt,” said Mr. King, who, like many of Gull Bay's 1,225 band members, lives off reserve in nearby Thunder Bay.
A spokesperson for Aboriginal Affairs Minister John Duncan said Thursday the government is now working with Mr. King to tackle what Ottawa deems “serious issues.”
“An audit is also underway to ensure that the tax dollars invested in the community are properly accounted for,” Jan O'Driscoll said.
At a Jan. 18 meeting with Mr. King and council members, federal officials promised to provide emergency funds to re-open the school and resume essential services, the department confirmed. On Tuesday, Aboriginal Affairs deposited $890,502.20 into the Gull Bay bank account. The department is also slated to provide another $100,000 specifically for a school inspection and related repairs.
The latest publicly available financial record for the band dates back to 2007-2008, about five years into Mr. King's earlier tenure, and shows the community received more than $5-million from the aboriginal affairs department alone. No financial reporting has since been posted to the department's website, and the 2007-2008 report does not include federal funding from other departments — such as Health Canada, which Mr. King said provided the community with a further $280,000 late last week.
Since the Jan. 13 election, Mr. King has maintained a Facebook page openly questioning former chief Miles Nowegijick's management of band funds, posting copies of federal correspondence and a photo of a document showing purportedly overdrawn bank accounts. But Donna Blouin, a Thunder Bay nurse who regularly deals with the Gull Bay office, defended the former chief, claiming Mr. King's public condemnation is nothing more than a bid to shore further support after he and some of his cousins were elected.
Ms. Blouin is among the Thunder Bay residents compensated by the band for hosting Gull Bay children as they attend high school in the city, but the latest cheque — $900 for two students — bounced this week. She said she never had trouble cashing cheques under Mr. Nowegijick.
Mr. Nowegijick could not be reached for comment. Ms. Blouin has been in touch with him since the election and said he is “beside himself” over allegations of financial impropriety and claims that he blocked disloyal councilors from participating in band business.
Louis Brizard, a re-elected councillor who Mr. King said was in Mr. Nowegijick's inner circle, declined to comment.
“I'm not saying anything until I talk to Miles,” he said in a brief telephone interview.
Kenny King — Gull Bay's fire chief, a band councillor and the new chief's cousin — said his staff has for periods gone without water or heat in the fire hall. Beyond that, he said the station's only two large stepladders — necessary for scaling onto roofs or into windows — have gone missing.
OPP Sergeant Jonathan Bergsma, of the nearby Armstrong detachment, said he is “aware of the concerns on the reserve,” but said the Gull Bay Police Service must field a formal report before the provincial service will consider getting involved.
National Post
• Email: kcarlson@nationalpost.com | Twitter: kblazecarlson
Earlier this week, Hamas called for a “Day of Rage” on Friday to protest against what it claimed were efforts “to harm al-Aqsa Mosque” in Jerusalem. It is unlikely anybody in Israel's security establishment was unduly bothered. Hamas has been trying for some time to heat up the West Bank, without much success. But what happened overnight in Duma, south of Nablus, entirely changes the picture.
The despicable murder of 18-month-old Ali Saad Dawabsha, in an attack that also leaves his mother, father and brother fighting for their lives, is likely to shatter the Palestinians' indifference. The Day of Rage that seemed unlikely to bring thousands into the streets may now become a day of violent confrontation and the start of the escalation Hamas has long been seeking.
Sickeningly, the Jewish terrorists allegedly responsible for the Duma attack are helping an Islamist terror group achieve its goals.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
There is, it should be stressed, no guarantee that a widespread Palestinian protest will erupt and be sustained. For years, the Palestinian masses have refrained from joining the Islamists' efforts at escalation against Israel, for several reasons: a lack of motivation given the scars of the Second Intifada; the desire to find employment and a better quality of life; and deep disappointment in both the Palestinian Authority and Hamas.
Factors like these produced an indifference in the West Bank that even the murder last summer of East Jerusalem teenager Muhammed Abu Khdeir did not shatter. But there was also another central factor in the relative West Bank calm: The PA leadership of Mahmoud Abbas, the same leadership that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon insist is no partner for peace, has long been working as Israel's fire department. Time after time, the PA has managed to calm the Palestinian public, even in times of high tension such as during last summer's 50-day Operation Protective Edge, and to thwart dozens of planned attacks on Israelis.
In the Israeli security establishment, a rare consensus has prevailed among the Shin Bet, the Military Intelligence and the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories that Abbas is part of the solution, not the problem. But Israel's political leadership has refused to accept this, and remained insistent that Abbas was “not a partner.”
The attack in the early hours of Friday was still more grave than the killing of Abu Khdeir. This time, a baby has been killed and three other people are critically injured — an entire family virtually wiped out by alleged Jewish murderers.
Abbas faces an acute dilemma. If he allows widespread demonstrations against Israel, he boosts Hamas and crowns the Day of Rage as a great success for his Islamist rivals. If he tries to prevent a major outburst of protest, he will be portrayed as an Israeli collaborator, and that will damage his standing, at Hamas's expense, even further.
But whatever now unfolds in the immediate aftermath of the terror attack, it seems certain that revenge attacks will follow — by Hamas and others, against Israelis, in the West Bank and inside Israel.
Abbas is likely to try to stop this escalation. But if he feels that the flames are closing in on him, it would be no surprise were he to follow through on his frequent threats to end PA security cooperation with Israel, and/or to announce his resignation.
Houston-based Spectra Energy, TransCanada and others were awarded $3.6 billion in contracts Monday to build 665 miles of pipelines to carry natural gas from near Corpus Christi to the Mexican port city of Tuxpan, Veracruz.
The projects will feed cheap shale gas from Texas to Mexico to help meet the country's growing electric generation needs. Mexico is building more gas-fired power plants.
The Mexican government awarded Spectra the contract to build a $1.5 billion pipeline from Nueces County to the Mexican border at Brownsville. TransCanada is leading the project to build the connecting, $2.1 billion Sur de Texas pipeline from the border through the Gulf of Mexico and into Tuxpan.
The Sur de Texas pipeline will be a joint venture between TransCanada and a Mexican subsidiary of San Diego-based Sempra Energy.
The Texas portion of the project, expected to come online in 2018, will go through Spectra's Valley Crossing Pipeline subsidiary and transport up to 2.6 billion cubic feet of natural gas a day.
“Spectra Energy is pleased to have secured the bid to build and operate this critical infrastructure, which will provide clean-burning and reliable natural gas to support Mexico as its electric generators shift away from fuel oil and imported LNG (liquefied natural gas,” said Bill Yardley, Spectra's president of U.S. transmission and storage, in a statement.
TransCanada's joint venture with Sempra's IEnova subsidiary is called the Infraestructura Marina del Golfo, or IMG. TransCanada owns a 60 percent majority stake.
“We are extremely pleased to further our growth plans in Mexico with one of the most important natural gas infrastructure projects for that country's future,” said Russ Girling, TransCanada's president and CEO.
The scars left on Mr Robinson's body
Enlarge Image
A woman convicted of carving her name into her lover's arm during a drink and drug-fuelled fling has been given a two-year community order. Dominique Fisher, 22, used a craft knife to write her name on Wayne Robinson's arm in a "drunken and drugged-up" atmosphere. She inflicted the injuries at her home in Blackburn, Lancashire, on 14 June, Burnley Crown Court was told. The word "Dominique" and slash marks were scratched on to his body. Mr Robinson, 24, told police he had drunk vodka and taken valium and was not awake during the incident at the defendant's home in Roebuck Close. He panicked when he woke up and took a taxi back to his home in Fleetwood, the court was told. [The injuries] have left permanent scars and left your name carved into his arm
Judge Andrew Woolman, Burnley Crown Court During her three-day trial at Preston Crown Court last month, Fisher said Mr Robinson had been aware of what she was doing,. She was found guilty of one charge of unlawful wounding. The pair had met two nights earlier in a Blackpool nightclub. They had gone back to a flat and taken cocaine together before arranging to meet again at her home. Judge Andrew Woolman told Fisher: "Both of you had a great deal to drink and took other substances, including valium, and both of you were in no fit state to be doing anything. 'Needy young woman' "It seems there was consensual sexual intercourse, although Wayne Robinson doesn't recall it. "In that drunken, drugged-up atmosphere it seemed you got hold of a blade and carved your initials and other patterns into his body. "The cuts were not deep, fortunately, although they could have been and they have left permanent scars and left your name carved into his arm." The judge said a pre-sentence report identified her as a "very isolated and needy young woman" and said she needed help in several areas of her life. He warned Fisher that, if she breached her community order, she would be brought back before the court.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a move reminiscent of UC Irvine's crackdown on their chapter of the College Republicans, the University of West Florida has disabled the College Republicans group for not attending a compulsory workshop, of which notification was given only a few hours before, and for not submitting the necessary renewal documentation on time, even though they sent their application half an hour before the deadline.
The UWF College Republicans were sent an email on September 1st, informing them that a representative of their organization must be present at one of the university's Student Organization Leadership Development (SOLD) workshops, in order to remain as an official campus society. However, the last of the workshops was due to take place only hours after the email was sent out to the College Republicans board members. Due to the short notice and multiple conflicts with either work or class times, no one from the group who was able to attend.
Charlotte Davis, the UWF College Republicans President, was also required to submit paperwork to the university before 5PM on September 2nd. A confirmation email provided to Breitbart News confirm that the form was submitted to the university by 4:32 that day, before the deadline had passed.
Davis discussed the situation the next day with the UWF Director of Student Involvement, Ben Stubbs. She says she was told that because it was the second year that the group has had to face the Campus Collaboration Board (CCB), there was “a very great chance that the organization would not be reinstated.” In response, Davis told Stubbs that she understood the administration's decision in regards to the previous president's failure to file the paperwork, but noted that she had filed everything correctly.
“After I explained how inexplicably difficult his office had made the re-registration process for my club, the Director of Student Involvement, Ben Stubbs, told me, ‘Well it seems that your organization needs better leadership since clearly the workshop was not of importance to you or your officers,'” Davis told Breitbart News.
Even though the College Republicans had complied with the demands of UWF to the best of their abilities, they were suspended on September 2nd with immediate effect, for “failure to complete online renewal before 5:00pm on 09/02/16 and failure to attend 1 SOLD Workshop.”
Davis told Breitbart News that “the university practically gave us no notice of this workshop but made it a mandatory requirement for our re-registration. The only email we received about this event was just two hours before the workshop started.”
“If it was so critical to attend, we definitely should have gotten better notice so we could make plans to attend,” she said. “I don't think that Mr. Stubbs would have told us that we needed better leadership if we had been the College Democrats. On every administrative level, Student Involvement administration has been uncooperative and has unjustifiably made it difficult for us to re-register as a campus organization.”
“It feels like the administration was purposefully perverse to ensure that College Republicans would not be allowed to be an organization on campus but in a slippery way that wouldn't appear like outright political discrimination,” Davis claimed. “All we want is to be treated fairly, to be treated just like any other club on campus. I would like nothing more than to have my club fairly reinstated. We will continue, however, to fight for our first and fourteenth amendment rights on campus. We will continue this fight. We will be sure that our voices are heard. The administration will know that we will be treated equally irrespective of our political affiliation.”
The appeals process was also mired with issues for the College Republicans. On September 9th, Davis, along with Vice President Jared Coker, attended the appeals meeting which they had applied for 2 days prior. After waiting for 15 minutes in what they thought was the correct room, Davis claims an administrator informed them that she had put them in the wrong office, then proceeded to escort them to the designated meeting area, where they were forced to wait another 10 minutes before they could see the Appeals Board.
UWF College Republicans were informed on Wednesday that their appeal was denied. At this time, UWF CR are unregistered for the rest of the Fall 2016 semester and are unable to plan events, hold meetings, or function in any capacity until such time as they are restored as organization. The rejection letter notes that “student organizations that fail to complete the renewal process within one academic year of disabling will result in deletion of the organisation and loss of … recognition. The organization will be deleted… and must follow all new student organization procedures to be reinstated.”
Cade Marsh, the State Chairman of the Florida Federation of College Republicans, was informed of the situation and told Breitbart News that he was “incredibly disappointed with the UWF Student Involvement personnel. Regardless of their own personal bias and political beliefs, their job is to encourage free thinking students to become active and engaged on their campus. Instead, their decision to disenfranchise College Republicans on campus via overwhelming bureaucracy and selective enforcement of the rules is demeaning and belittling at best, and downright criminal at worst.”
“As a student leader and conservative myself, this is far from the first time we've run into problems like this. Our job is to lead the discussion on campus, to push back against the carefully cultivated atmosphere of apathy present in university classrooms, and spark a new wave of civic engagement among an otherwise ignored and un-engaged generation. It seems UWF's administration has lost sight of that ,and I am calling upon them to restore the College Republicans at UWF immediately.”
Breitbart News has reached out to UWF for comment.
Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or email him at jack@yiannopoulos.net.
Coaching, like most any management job, is to a great degree about playing give-and-take.
There is seldom such a thing as the perfect employee. So you figure out how to blend various people's strengths and weaknesses into a group that is functional to their task.
Right now, that is a work-in-progress for the Charlotte Hornets.
This group is more talented, potentially far more, offensively than either of the previous two seasons Clifford has coached in Charlotte. But it is also lacking in an area that Clifford has declared his non-negotiable as an NBA coach: Transition defense.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
“We don't get back,” Clifford said before Wednesday's season-opening 104-94 loss to the Miami Heat.
“In Detroit and against Indiana (in the preseason) we were terrible. The first half of the Detroit game, that was related to turnovers, but that has not been the whole issue.
“You'd think our challenges (defensively) would be in the half-court with basketball protection and containing the ball, and we've been very good at that. What we haven't done is set our defense. If we're not going to do that, we just won't be good enough.”
As if on cue, the Heat outscored the Hornets in fast-break points 15 to eight Wednesday.
That the Hornets would look flawed defensively early on was predictable. You can't make over half the roster, mostly adding offense-centric players, and not experience a learning curve. But these players will find it's either get back on defense or sit, because that is the core of what made the Hornets so good defensively the past two seasons.
That's the downside of the roster makeover. But it's a correctable flaw, and the payback is potentially high. The preseason suggested this team will be better along the 3-point line and in ball movement. The plodding pace of previous seasons has sped up. To a great extent that's about the Hornets now having three trustworthy ball-handlers – Kemba Walker, Nic Batum and Jeremy Lin – who will often play as a unit.
When Clifford first came to the Hornets he inherited a team that ran well but was sloppy with the ball. So he initially gave orders that only Walker was allowed to bring up the ball. Eventually he loosened that restriction, letting Michael Kidd-Gilchrist advance the ball.
Now Walker, Batum and Lin each has the green light to start the offense.
“When I first got there, Charlotte's pace was top-8 in the league. As I started watching them, that's also why they were (worst) in turnovers. Everybody was allowed (to bring up the ball), then you watch film and say, ‘My goodness, that's why the offense was so poor!' ” Clifford recalled.
“Offense, to me, is guys playing to their strengths. If you're not a ball-handler/decision-maker, it doesn't matter how old you are, it doesn't make sense to have them run the ball up and turn it over just so we're saying we're fast-breaking more.”
Translation: Replace Lance Stephenson and Gerald Henderson with Batum and Lin and you become a more diverse offense.
Lin (17 points Wednesday) has been a very pleasant surprise. Clifford thinks he's just starting to scratch all that he can be.
“I think he can be a total player. I think he's viewed as an offensive pick-and-roll/transition player and I think he can be a lot more than that,” Clifford said. “His defense has improved a lot. He's very bright, he's physical and he learns quickly. He played at a very high level in the preseason.”
The economy doesn't care about the calender, but journalists and readers do. So, although December 30 is no better time to lift up and take stock of the last 12 months than any other day of the year, it's around this time that we get the best, most complete summaries of the state of the economy.
Take, for example, this wonderful round-up of investments in 2011, via Suzy Khimm. It crystallizes one of the 2011's most angst-inducing facts for liberals. In a year where the Federal Reserve worried about inflation, Congress worried about the deficit, and nobody in government seemed to put equal energy into job-creation, the 2011's best bet was debt. In a year where Bill Gross fled bonds and goldbugs kept up their chirping, investment in U.S. bonds paid off better than gold.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Henrik, Prince Consort of Denmark, pictured in 2015, has long complained of being sidelined
ADVERTISING Read more
Stockholm (AFP)
Denmark's Prince Consort Henrik, the French-born husband of Queen Margrethe II, does not want to be buried with his wife when the time comes, breaking with tradition, the royal palace said Thursday.
Long vocal about his frustration over being relegated to a supporting role, the 83-year-old prince said he was not on equal footing with his wife in life and therefore did not want to be so in death
That decision has been accepted by the queen, the palace's communications chief Lene Balleby told Danish daily BT.
A second palace spokesman confirmed the accuracy of the newspaper report to AFP but provided no other details.
Disappointed that his royal title of prince consort was never changed to king when his wife became queen in 1972, Henrik has often spoken out about his discontent, which did little to endear him to his subjects.
The couple will break with royal tradition by not being buried together in the Roskilde Cathedral.
The prince consort nonetheless intends to be buried in Denmark.
He "loves Denmark and worked for Denmark for more than 50 years. The prince therefore wants to be buried in Denmark, but the details have not been settled yet," Balleby said.
Born Henri Marie Jean Andre Count de Laborde de Monpezat on June 11, 1934 in Talence, near Bordeaux, he met Margrethe, then the crown-princess, while he was stationed in London as a diplomat.
Upon marrying her, he changed his name to Henrik, converted from Catholicism to Protestantism and renounced his French citizenship to become a Dane.
By the time Margrethe acceded to the throne, the couple had two young children: Prince Frederik, born in 1968, and Joakim, born in 1969.
Henrik retired from public service in January 2016.
© 2017 AFP
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Seventeen months after being released from prison for tax fraud, Michael Grimm will formally announce his campaign for Congress, challenging the man who filled his seat when he pleaded guilty, Rep. Daniel Donovan.
Grimm will kick off his campaign on Sunday morning in New Dorp hoping that the strong voter base that handed him a re-election in 2014 while he was under indictment is solid enough to defeat an incumbent and member of his own party.
Grimm served eight months in federal prison beginning in 2015 after pleading guilty to a single count of tax fraud related to a Manhattan health food restaurant he co-owned before taking office. He had won re-election against former Brooklyn Councilman Dominic Recchia, but resigned before taking the oath of office for the new term.
While many former Grimm supporters now back Donovan, others remain loyal to Grimm and are hoping for a come-back for the man whose re-election campaign, indictment and guilty plea were the subject of news coverage all over the country.
Many dismiss Grimm's prosecution as politically motivated, as similar offenses have been punished with civil fines. Others say as a congressman, Marine and FBI agent, he should be held to a higher standard of conduct, and thus deserved the punishment.
Now, having paid off the $139,000 in restitution, having the undying support of mentor Guy Molinari, and possibly that of Jim Molinaro, Grimm is seeking his old seat.
He'll make his announcement at 11:30 am at 2271 Hylan Blvd.
Donovan has the support of the district's elected Republicans -- both on Staten Island and on the Brooklyn side of the district -- as well as the local and state chairmen of the party.
The Senate Security Office sent an email around the Hill Friday afternoon asking Senate employees and contractors to try to ignore the fact that top-secret, highly-classified documents are now floating around the Web freely (and, in the case of a terribly designed NSA PowerPoint, getting facelifts.) The email asks security managers to remind Senate employees and contractors that the documents are still technically classified and should be treated as if millions of people haven't already read them. The email:
Please share with your staff the guidance below.
· Classified information, whether or not posted on public websites, disclosed to the media, or otherwise in the public domain, remains classified and must be treated as such until it is declassified by an appropriate U.S. government authority.
The director of national intelligence has declassified some information in light of the public debate, but the FISA court order, PRISM PowerPoint, NSA brochure, presidential order, as well as the "dozens" of newsworthy documents that Glenn Greenwald still plans to publish remain technically secret even if it's a secret that anyone with an Internet connection can be let in on.
· Senate employees and contractors shall not, while accessing the web on unclassified government systems, access or download documents that are known or suspected to contain classified information.
Government employees are not supposed to keep classified documents just hanging around on their computers, but at this point, the battle to keep this particular set of documents secure has already been lost thanks to leaker Edward Snowden and his thumb drive. Rules are rules -- even if they make little sense in light of current circumstances and seem like a serious impediment for the staffers tasked with supporting senators who need to have a policy debate about the revelations in the leaks.
· Senate employees and contractors who believe they may have inadvertently accessed or downloaded classified information via non-classified Senate systems, should contact the Office of Senate Security for assistance.
So, any staffer that's been reading the Guardian now needs to call the Senate Security Office. Anyone who doesn't call should be chastised for not keeping up with relevant news.
The Department of Defense sent around a similar email earlier this week, as reported by Wired. It appears to be standard -- if inane -- procedure after classified docs go viral. In 2010, U.S. agencies asked unauthorized employees not to access the classified material that came pouring out of Wikileaks in the form of videos and State Department cables. It's a terrible attempt to chase cats around trying to get them back into bags. And worst of all, puts staffers in the uncomfortable position of breaking protocol by following links on Google News.
A well-known Sikh American actor, Waris Ahluwalia, who was not allowed to board an airplane in Mexico City because he refused to remove his turban during a security check, flew home to the United States on Wednesday, ending a two-day standoff with Aeroméxico.
Mr. Ahluwalia, who is also a jewelry designer and a social activist, landed in New York on Wednesday afternoon, after being allowed to board a new flight without removing his turban for a check. He said that he was asked to rub it with his hand, then present his hand for swabbing, which he did. That had been the past security practice, he said.
On Wednesday morning before takeoff, he posted a photograph online of himself inside an aircraft with his arms around the shoulders of what appeared to be two Aeroméxico pilots.
“He told us that the check was smooth,” said Harsimran Kaur, the legal director for the Sikh Coalition, a civil-rights group that worked to resolve the impasse while Mr. Ahluwalia spent two days at the airport.
If you've been reading Glenn Greenwald's columns at Salon (or reading a Greenwald-influenced blog like the Weekly Sift) you won't be surprised by anything you find in his recent book With Liberty and Justice for Some: How the law is used to destroy equality and protect the powerful.
Still, I found it striking to see so many individual issues laid out together and presented as a progression. It's easy to get outraged at any one of them — say, that banks are foreclosing homes illegally and yet no bankers are going to jail — and miss the overall point: We are losing the rule of law.
If you are rich enough or powerful enough, you can break American law — either with complete impunity (like, say, Dick Cheney) or maybe paying wrist-slap fines that are a reasonable cost-of-doing-business (like Bank of America). What's more, if anybody thinks you should be punished the way ordinary people are when they break the law, media pundits from the Right and Left alike will set them straight: Leona Helmsley was right; like taxes, the law is for “little people”.
It's tempting to think things were always this way, but they really weren't. This has all happened in living memory. Yes, the rich and powerful have always had better lawyers than the rest of us, and they've always gotten a little extra benefit of the doubt from judges and police. But never before has American society so completely accepted in principle that different rules should apply to the elite.
Glenn Greenwald traces this back to a single epochal event: President Ford pardoning Richard Nixon after the Watergate scandal forced him to resign. Nixon had resigned before the Senate could hold an impeachment trial, so Ford's pardon meant that no Nixon trial would ever be held.
At the time the pardon was hugely unpopular, and is probably why Ford lost his re-election bid to Jimmy Carter in 1976. But looking back, the whole affair is kind of quaint. People at every level of the administration below Nixon went to jail, including Chief of Staff H. R. Haldeman and Attorney General John Mitchell. What's more, the pardon itself was completely above board: Ford announced it in a national speech, and the presidential power to pardon is explicitly listed in the Constitution. The political price Ford paid in 1976 is exactly how the Founders envisioned keeping the pardoning power under control.
It's hard to imagine anything like that happening now. The Bush administration broke a long list of laws: torture, spying without warrants, lying to Congress, and many others. No one has even been charged with these crimes, much less tried or punished. Like President Ford, President Obama has covered for his predecessor. But he hasn't issued explicit pardons on national TV. Instead, he has just quietly let the whole thing drop, and occasionally claimed some dubious version of the state-secrets privilege to shut down court cases. Beyond occasional statements that we must “look forward, not backward”, President Obama has never even attempted to justify this policy to the American people.
And the outcry from the mainstream media has been … non-existent, unless you count the mainstream pundits who periodically scoff at the idea that the law should be enforced.
This didn't happen all at once, and the successive chapters of Greenwald's book present the gradual drift away from the rule of law. Watergate was followed by Iran-Contra, where once again pardons were issued. This time, though, it wasn't just the president (Reagan) who was protected. President Bush the First pardoned high-ranking officials a level or two down from the president (like Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger). In this way, Bush guaranteed that the accusations would never reach the president (or himself, in his previous role as vice-president).
In the Bush II administration, the pardon was issued by the very president whose administration was under suspicion. Scooter Libby was convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice in the CIA leak scandal, but never served time — and so was never tempted to flip on his boss, Vice President Cheney. (Greenwald points out this important fact about the Plame Affair: It only reached the point it did because another powerful institution — the CIA — insisted on pursuing the matter.)
Today, President Obama's justification for drone strikes like the one that killed American citizen Anwar Awlaki is still secret, but seems unlikely to stand up to scrutiny. (Read the Wikipedia article on targeted killing and see if the line separating it from assassination makes any sense to you.) Obama is undoubtedly counting on his successor to continue the tradition of letting things drop.
Elite immunity entered the private sector with the telecom immunity bill. Telecom giants like AT&T illegally cooperated with warrantless spying of the Bush administration. Lawsuits against the government had already been closed off by state-secrets claims, which denied victims standing to sue. (If you couldn't prove you'd been tapped, you couldn't file suit.) But customer lawsuits against the telecoms were still possible and could have cost the companies billions if they lost — which they would have, because they clearly broke the law. But in 2008 a Democratic Congress passed a bill granting them retroactive immunity.
From there, not prosecuting Wall Street for laws broken during the housing bubble or the banks for foreclosure fraud seemed almost reasonable.
During this whole progression, the arguments have built on the one President Ford made: Whatever has happened, it's time to put it all behind us. (Greenwald suggests trying that argument the next time you're pulled over for speeding.) Powerful people let other powerful people off the hook, not for their benefit, but for ours, so that we don't have to go through the ordeal of watching them be tried and punished. (That would be a good argument to try if your spouse catches you in an affair. Uncovering the truth would be too much of an ordeal for her and the kids. Best to let it all drop.)
But since no one is punished, the problem never gets behind us: Elite disrespect for the law only grows, guaranteeing that more laws will be broken in the future.
By pulling all these issues together, Greenwald is making an important point: Each example by itself is a partisan issue, but elite immunity is bipartisan. The powerful in government, industry, and the media are all coming to see themselves as members of a single privileged class. More and more, they close ranks against any attempt to punish crimes committed by one of their own.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Richard Westcott quizzed boss Alex Cruz over the outsourcing of technical staff to India
BA chief executive Alex Cruz says he will not resign and that flight disruption had nothing to do with cutting costs.
He told the BBC a power surge, had "only lasted a few minutes", but the back-up system had not worked properly.
He said the IT failure was not due to technical staff being outsourced from the UK to India.
Mr Cruz said "I am profusely sorry" to the 75,000 passengers affected across 170 airports in 70 countries.
He said two thirds of passengers will have reached their destination by the end of the day.
There was no evidence of a cyberattack, he added.
"There was a power surge and there was a back-up system, which did not work at that particular point in time. It was restored after a few hours in terms of some hardware changes... we will make sure that it doesn't happen again," Mr Cruz said in his first interview.
A leaked staff email revealed Mr Cruz had told staff not to comment on the system failure. When asked about the email he told the BBC the tone was clear: "Stop moaning and come and help us".
But Mick Rix from the GMB union did not accept Mr Cruz's explanation. He told BBC Radio 4: "Why didn't the back-up kick in? Basically because there's been an absolute brain drain out of the company."
The airline is now close to full operational capacity after the problems resulted in mass flight cancellations at Heathrow and Gatwick over the bank holiday weekend.
On Monday, BA said they plan to fly more than 95% of their normal flight schedule.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Thirteen flights from Heathrow Airport have been cancelled on British Airways' third day of disruption
Questions remain about how a power problem could have had such impact, said the BBC's technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones. One theory was that returning systems were unusable as the data had become unsynchronised.
Heathrow advised affected BA passengers not to travel to the airport unless their flights had been rebooked, or were scheduled to take off on Monday.
Passengers on cancelled flights have been told to use the BA website to rebook.
Until now, Mr Cruz had only posted videos on Twitter apologising for what he called a "horrible time for passengers".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Queues built up on Sunday at Heathrow Terminal 5 as passengers waited to speak to BA staff
BA is liable to reimburse thousands of passengers for refreshments and hotel expenses, and travel industry commentators have suggested the cost to the company - part of Europe's largest airline group IAG - could run into tens of millions of pounds.
Davy analyst Stephen Furlong said the cost to the carrier of cancelling one day of operations was around £30m.
Shares in IAG listed on the Madrid stock exchange ended the day 2.8% lower.
Customers displaced by flight cancellations can claim up to £200 a day for a room (based on two people sharing), £50 for transport between the hotel and airport, and £25 a day per adult for meals and refreshments.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Thousands of customers have taken to Twitter to vent their frustration
Ian Sanderson, one of the affected passengers who is stuck in transit in London, said he was "incandescent with rage" after being unable to rebook his flight, or speak to a member of staff.
Speaking on Sunday evening, he said: "I've bombarded them with about 100 tweets in the last 24 hours. I know that's annoying but there's nothing else I can do.
"We've tried to call them on the numbers they give and all we've got is the same recorded message which then cuts off at the end."
EU flight delay rights
There has quickly been a flood of barbarians setting up tribes throughout the world. These barbarians tribes contain rare resources that can be raided if you are strong enough.
Posted by giulianob on Jan 27th, 2013
So we now have these barbarian tribes throughout the world. These barbarian tribes contain lots of loot. Even a low level barbarian tribe has the potential to give you gold and iron, which are fairly rare resources. They can be a bit of a challenge since the higher level ones are quite strong but if you defeat them you will get some bonus loot that should help you when building your cities.
Play Tribal Hero. It's a completely free, without any pay-to-win, online strategy and city building game.
In this update we've also done a lot of other changes. Here's a complete list:
SAN ANTONIO – “If you aren't talking to them, someone else is!”
Those words echo through the University of Texas at San Antonio's football facility prior to a staff meeting on this mid-March morning. The phrase rings loudly in what is a modest space, but that only makes the message more piercing. These words, after all, are at the heart of the Roadrunners recruiting strategy under second-year head coach Frank Wilson.
A recruiting savant as an assistant at LSU, Wilson took that acumen with him to UTSA. As a result, the Roadrunners signed the top-ranked class in program history on National Signing Day in February.
Notching 27 commits, a number of whom chose the Roadrunners over Power Five schools, UTSA finished 77th nationally in the 247Sports 2017 Recruiting Class Rankings. That group will be the foundation of what Wilson hopes is an awakening for UTSA in one of the nation's largest cities and premier football states.
That process started a year ago when Wilson led the Roadrunners to a 6-7 season and the first bowl appearance in program history. But for progress to continue, the Roadrunners need talent. That's where recruiting, which Wilson calls a program's “lifeline,” comes in.
At UTSA, where resources are somewhat limited and brand recognition is still a work in progress for a program entering its sixth year in the FBS, the Roadrunners excel in recruiting for two main reasons: identification and relationships.
“Early identification allows you to establish a relationship that stands the test of time,” Wilson told 247Sports. “Where someone might try to trump us with resources or facilities it becomes minute because of the relationships we have. We're in the people business, we deal with people. When the sincerity of the relationship is established, it allows us to recruit people better.”
***
The left side of UTSA's offensive meeting room is filled with faces and dots. There sits the Roadrunners recruiting board, and it's massive.
Each player on UTSA's radar gets their own rectangular card, which includes a picture, their height, weight and their most recent testing results. The board is split by both position and class – 2018 on top, followed by 2019 and 2020 prospects – and players are sorted by color.
Those who are takes are at the very top, followed by offers and players the staff needs to evaluate further. That last group is peppered with dots, stickers that indicate everything from a coach that needs to watch tape to potential grade issues.
It's an elastic space, flexible and ever-moving.
On this day Wilson, who allowed 247Sports an all-access look into his meeting, instructs his staff to take several recently committed players off the board – LSU and Baylor pledges among them – and also to move several players up the board they're making headway with.
But that's the board as it stands. In order to understand Wilson's success, one needs to appreciate Wilson's method of identification.
It all starts with an evaluation tape for the Roadrunners.
Highlights are UTSA's first look at a prospect, but the program's assessment does not end with HUDL. Evaluation tapes – cutups of at least four high school games – are how UTSA gets to the heart of what kind of player a recruit is.
“It's the good, bad and ugly,” UTSA Director of Player Personnel Jacob LaFrance told 247Sports. “It's going to be a true depiction of whom a kid is. It's not meant to kill him, it's not meant to make him look great. It's an honest evaluation. We want to have a clear picture of who he is so we limit the misses in a class of 25.
“You can't waste a spot.”
This is a method Wilson took straight from LSU to UTSA. It involves each member of the staff viewing a prospect before an offer can occur, and a second viewing from an evaluation tape (cutup by UTSA's recruiting staff) to make sure the initial evaluation was sound.
At LSU, where LaFrance worked directly under Wilson as a personal assistant from 2009-14, this method of detailed evaluation was easy. The Tigers football staff is massive. At UTSA, most of this work falls on a much smaller group of people. LaFrance and two others – one of whom, Ryan, is only a part-time intern – are trained to cut game film and pick out individual plays that highlight what a player does well and not so well – these tapes take an hour to two hours to form. The plays they select aren't formulaic. It's any snap that helps the Roadrunners better understand who the player is.
That could be a play in which an offensive lineman came off with a flat back or clip of a defensive back showing fluidly with his hips. Sometimes, in the case of a DB, the ball might not even come his way and the clip still makes the evaluation tape because he flashed press technique.
It's considerably more work but necessary for complete outlook of a prospect's skills.
“We'll get initially tricked sometimes off a highlight love a guy and then do an evaluation and be like, ‘Woah,'” LaFrance said. “It's so eye-opening. People get tricked. It's crazy.”
The other portion of UTSA's method of identification occurs during what Wilson calls a “light day” of recruiting. Midway through the one-hour meeting, which starts with a look at UTSA's trio of commitments (they've picked up another in the time since) and an update on a number of other targets, the Roadrunner staff watches the HUDL tape of several national defensive backs.
Once the staff viewing is complete, Wilson goes around the room and asks each coach for his opinion.
When it's Wilson's turn, he methodically works through his observations. These are detailed looks and assumptions – if a defensive back doesn't have any special teams return highlights, his ball skills are likely lacking – that the evaluation tape will delve further into later.
UTSA can't recruit everyone – many top prospects are off the board for programs outside the Power Five – but there are certain traits the Roadrunners won't bend on. This process helps the staff make sure they know exactly what they'd get.
“In some cases we're watching the highlight tape of a kid who doesn't have one interception, and it's not like he isn't thrown at,” Wilson said. “If I go back and watch his eval, he'll probably drop some. Evals are intended to know if we'll take you, they're intended to show a true body of work.”
***
The other aspect of UTSA's strategy is evident early in the meeting.
When discussing one of the team's 2017 targets, Wilson brings up the player's living situation and remarks, “He lives with his aunt and uncle, correct?” When the assistant recruiting him responds that he does, Wilson asks if he calls them “mom and dad.” He doesn't, but it's all in the details.
Later, Wilson recalled a conversation he had with a 2017 signee, who got into an argument with his mom about a prom date they disagreed on. Wilson, already taking stewardship in a father-figure role, told the player to apologize to his mom.
Wilson discusses all this without a stumble or a pause. The relationships this staff forms are meant to be genuine, and just as much attention is given to those than a player's skills.Relationships are critical in any recruitment, and they're at the heart of Wilson's success through the years. At UTSA, he mandates every one of his staff members take a similar approach.
“At such a tender age very seldom will they make that decision by themselves, so we identify the champion – the most important person in their life,” Wilson said. “We do a good job capturing those people. To give those people comfort is important.
"Here's the thing, in the absence of us, they speak on our behalf.”
That strategy creates loyalty, and it's a big reason why two 2017 signees showed up to a mid-March practice to observe. One of those was quarterback Frank Harris, a three-star prospect who held offers from Baylor, Georgia Tech and other Power Five schools.
Harris committed to UTSA early in Wilson's tenure, and he stayed committed despite late pushes by Power Five programs.
“He's just a father figure,” Harris said of Wilson. “He reached out to me not just as a player but as a person. “That showed me a lot. They stayed by my side.”
Harris' dad, Darrell, concurs.
“He's smooth about it,” Darrell Harris said. “He's not a used car salesman. He sells you on it and then let's you think. He's Gregg Popovich because he's always unearthing gems.”
That last quote – a concoction of relationships and identification – gets to the heart of UTSA's recruiting success a year ago. It's the reason why UTSA secured a December commitment from a prospect like wide receiver Tariq Woolen (the No. 681 overall player in the country, per 247Sports) after a May offer, and it's the reason the Roadrunners held onto him despite a late push by Baylor.
The Bears, who offered Woolen just two days after his commitment to UTSA, secured an official visit from the three-star prospect. But it wasn't enough to sway him: “It just didn't feel like UTSA,” he said following the trip to Waco.
That's what early identification coupled with relationship building can do.
It worked for Wilson at LSU, and it's working for him at UTSA.
The prospects certainly aren't the same – “We like to say if they were ready-made they'd be going somewhere else,” said LaFrance – but the way Wilson recruits hasn't changed a bit. It's paying off early in the 2018 cycle, too. UTSA's four-man group, made up of nothing but three-star prospects, currently ranks 44th nationally.
Recruiting remains a program's lifeline, and the Roadrunners are attacking “Crootin'” in the nation's most talent-rich state.
“We want to compete for the best players in Texas,” LaFrance said. “We want to be relevant in the state. We want to help guys that will help us win a conference championship. We believe with the start we have and the guys we signed we'll be able to achieve that.”
From German brewing and more
The idea of the Fast Ferment Test is to completely ferment all fermentable sugars in a sample of wort. The attenuation that can then be determined is the limit of attenuation of that wort and it only depends on the wort composition that has been established by the brewing process (mainly mashing) [Narziss, 2005]. Lager yeasts are able to ferment some types of sugar (melibiose and raffinose) that ale yeasts can't or only partially ferment. But these sugars are either absent from brewer's wort or only present in trace amounts. When properly done, the final attenuation of the test is not affected by the yeast strain, yeast health, pitching rate, temperature and other fermentation parameters.
How to perform the fast ferment test?
To perform the test you need a sample of wort and yeast. The amount of wort should be enough to perform a hydrometer reading later (6 to 8 oz (120 to 200 ml)). The amount of yeast should result in a pitching rate for that sample that is well above the pitching you would use in a beer (5-10x). Here is a quick and easy way to prepare the test when propagating yeast in a flask or large bottle (growler):
decant the spent starter beer
add fresh wort to resuspend the yeast
pitch most of the yeast/wort mixture and leave a little in the flask or bottle
add some more fresh wort to ensure there will be well enough for taking a hydrometer sample later.
If you can't (or don't want to) spare any yeast from the yeast that is pitched (pitching from a vial or pack of dry yeast), you can also use dry bread yeast instead. Bread yeast seems to behave like ale yeasts when it comes to types of sugars that are fermented. I generally find when performing the fast ferment test with the pitched yeast and bread yeast in parallel, that bread yeast shows about the same final extract as ale yeasts and a final extract that is 0.2 – 0.3 Plato higher than a lager yeast. ½ tsp dry bread yeast to 240 ml (8 oz) of wort is plenty. Since slight differences between bread yeast and the actually used yeast seem to exist, it is best to perform the fast ferment test with the yeast that was pitched. Bread yeast however will also show you the final extract as well, but possibly with an error of up to 0.5 Plato or 2 specific gravity points.
Cap the bottle or flask with tin foil or airlock. An airlock is beneficial as the absence of O2 will keep acetobacor bacteria down and the sample will not taste as sour later. It also makes sure that the sugar will be fermented. But even on a stir plate the amount of aerobic metabolism should be marginal due to the Crabtree effect. Yeast will not metabolize sugars aerobically if their concentration is high enough (> 0.5-1%). I rarely use an airlock these days out of convenience.
Place the test at a warm place ( 20C / 70F and above, warmer for ale yeasts) and shake it occasionally to keep the yeast in suspension. You may also place it on a stir plate if you have one to spare for that. It should take 1 or 2 days for the fermentation to be over and I tend to give it another 2 days until I see that the sample lies completely flat and no CO 2 escapes when I shake it. When dealing with high gravity worts (18+ Plato, 1.072+ SG), I may also add some air/O 2 to the headspace and dissolve it into the sample through shaking just to kick-start any stalled fermentation.
Now you can measure the extract (gravity) of the sample beer. This will give you the lower limit of the final extract (final gravity) that you can expect from this wort. Depending on yeast characteristics and fermentation conditions, the actual beer final extract (final gravity) may be a higher than that. See Understanding Attenuation for details on that. Give it a taste as well. It generally tastes like bad home brew because of the higher fermentation temperatures.
How does this test help me with my brewing?
There are a number of benefits to knowing the limit of attenuation of the wort that is fermented. So many in fact, that I now perform the test for every beer I brew (I used to do the test only for lagers). It became as essential as taking a starting extract (starting gravity) reading or recording the mash temperature.
It will answer an important question when the final extract (final gravity) of the beer is not as expected: Is the problem mashing or fermentation? Based on the answer you can target your efforts of fixing the problem (see Understanding Attenuation for details)
It will also allow you to start lagering or cold conditioning earlier. Now you are not looking for the gravity readings to stabilize, you are looking for a targeted gravity to be reached. Note that your target FG is not necissarily the FG of the fast ferment test, but may be a little higher than that. How much higher depends on the yeast strain and style of beer.
John Palmer [Palmer, 2006] was referring to brewing lagers as flying blind because you don't know when they are done fermenting. With a fast ferment test you will be able to determine the FG of your lager (or ale) before the actual batch has finished fermenting. This is especially helpful for all grain brewers because the final gravity of the beer can greatly be influenced by mashing.
Sometimes, the yeast may stall before reaching the targeted FG (based on the fast ferment test result and yeast performance expectations). In this case you can accept it and fix it with the next batch (better aeration, other yeast strain, temperature) or try to kick-start the fermentation by warming it up, rousing the yeast or pitching fresh yeast. I have done the latter when I found that a beer was still too sweet but the yeast didn't want to attenuate further. The knowledge of the limit of attenuation and a measurement of the attenuation of the beer confirmed that the yeast can go further if I help it along.
When cold conditioning before bottle conditioning, the process of cold conditioning can be started as soon as the extract (gravity) falls below a level that leaves enough fermentable sugars in the beer than are needed for carbonation. Here is an example. I recently brewed a Weissbier with a wort that showed a final extract of 2.5 Plato (1.010 SG) in the fast ferment test. The actual fermentation was at 3.5 Plato (1.014 SG) after 5 days. Since I was in a rush to get this beer to cold conditioning, I felt comfortable moving it to the 10C (50F) fridge. Even though this stalled the fermentation and the FG won't be getting much closer to the targeted FG of 2.6 Plato (1.0105 SG), I know that I can account for the amount of fermentable sugars left in the beer when it comes to calculating the amount of sugar needed for bottle conditioning (see Accurately Calculating Sugar Additions for Carbonation for details on that). But when that level of precision is needed for the gravity readings, I suggest investing in a hydrometer for the range 0.980 – 1.020, which makes the final gravity readings more precise.
Performing a fast ferment test on beer
The idea of this test is to troubleshoot a high finishing gravity without having done a fast ferment test upfront. In the most common form the brewer finds that the fermentation stalled at an unexpectedly high finishing gravity and it should be determined if it makes sense to attempt a restart of the fermentation.
I still have to test if this would work with bread yeast on an actual batch of fermented beer for which I know the limit of attenuation
Appendix
Yeast dependency of the fast ferment test
The following are results from fast ferment tests that were done with different yeasts for different worts
Wort A:
WY 2206 (Bavarian Lager) FFT AE = 2.2 Plato
Fleischman Active Dry Bread Yeast FFT AE = 2.4 Plato
Wort B:
WY 3056 (Bavarian Wheat) FFT AE = 2.6 Plato
Fleischman Active Dry Bread Yeast FFT AE = 2.8 Plato
Wort C:
WY 3056 (Bavarian Wheat) FFT AE = 2.5 Plato
WY 3333 (Bavarian Wheat) FFT AE = 2.6 Plato
WY 3068 (Bavarian Wheat) FFT AE = 2.6 Plato
Fleischman Active Dry Bread Yeast (1/4 tsp to 150 ml) FFT AE = 2.5 Plato
Fleischman Active Dry Bread Yeast (1/2 tsp to 150 ml) FFT AE = 2.5 Plato
This data shows that there can be slight differences in the apparent extract (AE) of the fast ferment tests when done with different yeasts. But these differences are generally small. The best way to do a fast ferment test is to use the yeast that the actual batch of beer is fermented with. In a pinch, bread yeast can also be used.
Note that there was a 0.2 Plato difference between WY3056 and the bread yeast for wort B, while that was not the case for wort C. WY 3056 is a blend and the yeast pitched to wort B was grown from a slant culture (not single cell propagation) and the yeast for wort C was grown from a plate culture (single cell propagation). Maybe that shifted the attenuation capability of the yeast.
Sources
US officials tried to influence Spanish prosecutors and government officials to head off court investigations into Guantánamo Bay torture allegations, secret CIA "extraordinary rendition" flights and the killing of a Spanish journalist by US troops in Iraq, according to secret US diplomatic cables.
Among their biggest worries were investigations pursued by the magistrate Baltasar Garzón, who US officials described as having "an anti-American streak".
"We are certainly under no illusions about the individual with whom we are dealing," they said after he opened an investigation into torture at Guantánamo Bay prison camp. "Judge Garzon has been a storied and controversial figure in recent Spanish history, whose ambition and pursuit of the spotlight may be without rival."
The revelations contained in the leaked documents will be embarrassing to Spanish prosecutors who shared information on cases they were involved in, and whose identities the Americans wanted protected.
They included the attorney general, Candido Conde-Pumpido, national court chief prosecutor, Javier Zaragoza, and fellow prosecutor Vicente González Mota, responsible for the CIA flights affair.
Zaragoza is revealed as a valuable source who accuses Garzón of opening some human rights cases in order to "drum up more speaking fees". He proved to be an ally as the US tried to stem a flood of investigations at Spain's national court – one of the world's most vigorous courts in exercising international jurisdiction over human rights crimes.
A major worry was a torture case brought by a Spanish non-governmental organisation against six senior Bush administration officials, including the former attorney general Alberto Gonzales.
Senator Mel Martinez, a former Republican party chairman, and the US embassy's charge d'affaires visited the Spanish foreign ministry to warn the investigation would have consequences. "Martinez and the charge underscored that the prosecutions would ... have an enormous impact on the bilateral relationship," the officials reported.
Officials in Madrid discussed with Zaragoza ways in which a US investigation into the same allegations might be opened in order to force the Spanish court to close its own case. "Zaragoza has also told us that if a proceeding regarding this matter were underway in the US, that would effectively bar proceedings in Spain. We intend to further explore this option with him informally," they said.
Garzón, who opened a separate torture investigation, was deemed to put self-promotion first. "We suspect Garzón will wring all the publicity he can from the case unless and until he is forced to give it up," said the officials.
"Zaragoza said he had challenged Garzón directly and personally on this latest case, asking if he was trying to drum up more speaking fees," they reported.
They noted that Garzón was already in hot water over his investigation into human rights crimes committed under Spain's former dictator General Francisco Franco. As a result Garzón now looks set to be removed from his job by supreme court judges next year.
"Zaragoza doubts Garzón will risk a second such complaint," they said.
But US officials worried he would go down fighting. "It is hard for us to see why the publicity-loving Garzón would shut off his headline-generating machine unless forced to do so," they reported. "We also fear Garzón – far from being deterred by threats of disciplinary action – may welcome the chance for martyrdom, knowing the case will attract worldwide attention."
When another Spanish magistrate began investigating the alleged use of a Spanish airport for secret CIA flights carrying terror suspects, officials noted that US policy was to deal with these cases in closed-door conversations with governments.
They were especially alarmed when magistrates and prosecutors in both Spain and Germany began comparing notes. "This co-ordination among independent investigators will complicate our efforts to manage this case at a discreet government-to-government level," they warned.
Officials noted, however, that their own government had not explicitly denied the allegations. "Our ability to beat down this story is constrained by the fact that we do not ourselves know, factually, what might have transpired five or six years ago as the battles in Afghanistan and Iraq began yielding large numbers of potentially dangerous terrorist detainees and unlawful combatants," they observed.
"Baring (sic) a categorical statement from the US government that no detainees passed through Spain – and we understand that might be undesirable from a policy standpoint even if factually correct – nothing but time is going to make this go away," they said.
González Mota, who was handling the CIA flights, was a valuable source. "The prosecutors do not intend to request information on this case from the embassy or from the US government in general," US officials said after a conversation with him.
When another Spanish magistrate issued arrest warrants for three US soldiers involved in the death of Spanish television cameraman José Couso in Baghdad, senior ministers in Spain's socialist government moved to stop the investigation. Couso was killed in April 2003 alongside Reuters cameraman Taras Protsyuk when a tank opened fire on a hotel known to accommodate journalists.
"Top ministers moved quickly to let us know that the government is working to resolve this situation," the officials reported, naming the deputy prime minister, María Teresa Fernández de la Vega, foreign minister, Miguel Angel Moratinos, and justice minister, Juan Fernando López Aguilar.
"The [Spanish] government must act carefully as it tries to influence Spain's fiercely independent judiciary," they noted. " In order to avoid aggravating the situation, Spanish government leaders must publicly show their respect for the independent workings of the courts."
The first time we saw the Sandhill Cranes, Frank and I felt like we were in heaven. Rounding a corner in a residential neighborhood in Kissimmee, Florida in 1996, we came upon a flock of these elegant, statuesque birds, almost five feet tall, their gray bodies capped with a bright red patch on their head. They were in the median dividing two lanes, leaping up and flapping their wings, displaying and calling to each other in a fascinating mating ritual. We watched in delight from the curb, and wrote rapturously about the experience in the next issue of our environmental newsletter.
Thus began our love affair with Sandhill Cranes, and units of the National Wildlife Refuge System where they live in large numbers. We're wildly anticipating fulfilling our dream this March and seeing the Great Sandhill Crane Migration in Nebraska.
Greater Sandhill Cranes in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge are almost five feet tall with a six-and-a-half foot wingspan and mate for life.
So when I learned that one of our country's National Wildlife Refuges had been seized by armed militia challenging the federal government to reduce the amount of land it protects, I found the idea shocking and preposterous on multiple levels. It strikes me as a dangerous escalation in a movement that seeks to seize and sell off our publicly owned lands.
First, the 630-plus million acres of land that we have in protection belong to the entire American population - not to any one segment or interest group. The wildlife refuges in particular are set aside for the propagation of wildlife species. The Malheur National Wildlife Refuge where the siege is underway was established after a wide-scale slaughter of birds in the region was brought to the attention of President Theodore Roosevelt. The President used his executive authority to set aside the area "as a preserve and breeding ground for native birds." Takeover by an armed militia is definitely inconsistent with that purpose.
Secondly, this insurrection disrupts the rhythm of life for the animals in the preserve, and deprives the workforce and visitors of the right to use the facilities that all Americans collectively pay for with our tax dollars.
But in a stark demonstration of contrasting values, while this faction of extremist 'ranchers' flout our laws and demand that the federal government reduce the land set aside for public use, the original inhabitants of the American landscape are petitioning President Obama to protect MORE land for the benefit of this and future generations.
A view of the Bears Ears region in Southeastern Utah that the Coalition is seeking to protect as a National Monument. Salt Lake Tribune photo.
Members of the Hopi, Navajo, Utes, Ute Mountain Utes and Zuni and others in the Bears Ears Intertribal Coalition are calling on President Obama to use his executive authority to protect their sacred lands in the Bears Ears, Utah, as a national monument. The area includes the ancestral homelands of their forebears going back many millennia, and monument status would protect these lands from continued destruction and save the archeological and cultural records they contain for this and future generations.
I can't help chuckling at what it means when extremist 'ranchers' who are relative newcomers to the land want less of it to be saved for the American public, but the Natives to whom all the land originally belonged want more to be protected for posterity.
I expected 2016 to be The Year of Public Lands as it marks the much-anticipated Centennial Celebrations of the National Park Service. I felt our forests and national wildlife refuges would get a much-needed boost of national attention from the overflow of media attention. I was confident things were on track when the National Parks headlined the Rose Parade in Pasadena New Year's Day, and the venerated CBS Sunday Morning Show January 3 closed with a salute to the Centennial, its Moment of Nature featuring Yellowstone National Park.
"Buffalo Soldier" Ranger Shelton Johnson astride his horse in the Rose Parade New Years Day that featured the National Parks.
How could I have known that our wildlife refuges would be topping the national news because of a siege? I am trusting that law enforcement will safely and speedily restore the rule of law and bring those responsible to justice.
Moscow's Retro Auto Museum is only ten years old, but already has a collection of 260 vintage cars, trucks, buses, motorcycles and bicycles, of a foreign and domestic origin. It also boasts a unique collection of retro Russian cars, located in the museum's "Kremlin garage".
Most of these cars are not suitable for Russian winters — or roads. But they're pretty to look at!
Bently Continental S-1. (1955-1959) The Queen of England was fond of this car . At the time, it was the most popular automobile in the UK, thanks to its luxurious design.
Rolls-Royse Silver Cloud (1955-1959)
Packard 180 (1941) Car scholars — are these real people? — say that Stalin had a special appreciation for its exterior decor.
Hudson Eight (1936) The first mass produced car to be designed by a woman. It's quite elegant, isn't it?
Horch 830 BK (1935) A high-class German automobile. During the war, many cars of this make were mobilized for the needs of the Defense Ministry, the General Staff and other departments of the Third Reich ministries. Many famous people of Germany and the USSR owned one. Among them: Georgy Jukov, Mashall of the USSR.
Ford A (1927-1931) In 1929, the USSR Supreme Economic Council and the US firm Ford signed an agreement to provide technical support in the construction of the plant in Nizhny Novgorod and Moscow. This was the beginning of 'mass motorization 'of the USSR.
MG-A (1958) British vintage sportscar
Mercedes-Benz 190 SL (1955) One of the first Mercedes of this type. Bohemian and elegant, it was admired by Pablo Picasso and Frank Sinatra.
Fiat Abarth 695 (1965) A small and convenient Italian auto.
Now for some Russian cars!
Gaz 13 (Chaika) Was used by the heads of the ministries and by ambassadors of the Soviet Union in foreign countries.
Moskvich 400 (1954) Manufactured in the USSR as the first mass-produced car.
Volga, Gaz-21 The most popular taxi-car of 1950s USSR.
Marussia B1 (2010) The first Russian limited edition sportscar.
After meeting with congressional leaders from both parties about sequestration spending cuts that take effect Friday, President Obama mapped out future negotiations with Republicans, which he hopes will yield an alternative deficit reduction package that includes higher taxes and cuts to Medicare.
In a key revelation, though, he identified a way for Republicans to prevent the sequestration fight from precipitating a government shutdown.
Crucially, Obama said he's prepared to sign legislation at the end of March to fund the government if Republicans adhere to the spending levels they agreed to during the debt limit fight in 2011.“It's the right thing to do to make sure we don't have a government shutdown,” Obama said. “If the bill that arrives on my desk is reflective of the commitments that we previously made, then obviously I would sign it.”
His acknowledgment is important for reasons explored in this article. If House Republicans can't pass a government funding bill that sets overall spending at levels agreed to in the Budget Control Act — funding that would automatically be reduced because of sequestration — then the government will shut down and the pressure Republicans feel to cut a deal that both averts sequestration and keeps the government running will intensify.
“We agreed to a certain amount of money that was going to be spent each year, and certain funding levels for our military, our education system, and so forth,” Obama said. “If we stick to that deal, I will be supportive. … The sequester is additional cuts on top of that, and by law, until Congress takes the sequester away we have to abide by those additional cuts, but there's no reason why we should have another crisis by shutting the government down in addition to these arbitrary spending cuts.”
Thus, if Republicans try to rejigger the sequestration cuts such that they make the lower overall spending levels permanent, but rescind its indiscriminate cutting mechanism and thus remove the pressure on Congress to pass a balanced alternative, they'll set off a government shutdown fight.
But if Republicans can pass a government funding bill that adheres to spending levels agreed to and set in 2011, then the government will stay open and the fight over sequestration will continue indefinitely.
However the fight over ongoing funding of the government shakes out, Obama said he hopes public pressure convinces Republicans to relent on revenues so that he and Congress can replace sequestration with an alternative deficit reduction plan.
Sequestration is happening, he said, “because of a choice Republican in Congress have made. They've allowed these cuts to happen because they refuse to budge on closing a single, wasteful loophole to help reduce the deficit. As recently as yesterday, they decided to protect special-interest tax breaks for the well-off and well connected — and they think that that's apparently more important than protecting the military and middle class families from the pain of these cuts.”
• We erroneously replaced a $ with a € in the first version of this post - this has now been rectified
Ireland's bailout could benefit from £7bn from the UK, if the latest reports are correct.
To placate eurosceptic critics, the chancellor insisted that Britain would not be part of a permanent bailout mechanism for eurozone countries.
"What we have committed to do is to obviously be partners as shareholders in the IMF in an international rescue of the Irish economy," Osborne told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. "But we have also made a commitment to consider a bilateral loan that reflects the fact we are not part of the euro… but Ireland is our very closest economic neighbour."
There are so many things we wanted to know about where the rescue cash would come from, and how it would work but these were he key things:
• How exposed is Ireland?
• How exposed is the UK to the Irish crisis?
• Who's funding the bailout in the EU?
• What other countries in the world owe billions to foreign banks?
These are the answers we've been able to find out. The full data is below.
1. How exposed is Ireland?
According to the Bank for International Settlements, Ireland's total exposure in March for foreign banks was €843.8bn - but that includes all sorts of extras like derivative contracts, guarantees extended and credit commitments - which aren't immediate problems. The latest figure, simply taking banks exposure (published at the end of October), is €537.4bn. Go to the full data to get the breakdown for each place.
2. How exposed is the UK to the Irish crisis?
Bank exposure to Ireland, by country Click heading to sort Country $m £m Total foreign claims 731,188 624,440 European country banks (total) 508,564 434,317 Austria 4,598 3,927 Belgium 53,985 46,104 Brazil 18 15 Canada 9,411 8,037 Taiwan 3,707 3,166 Denmark 16,484 14,077 France 50,084 42,772 Germany 138,567 118,337 Greece 461 394 Italy 15,284 13,053 Japan 27,295 23,310 Netherlands 21,199 18,104 Panama 42 36 Portugal 19,384 16,554 Spain 13,976 11,936 Sweden 4,327 3,695 Switzerland 17,602 15,032 Turkey 90 77 UK 148,513 126,831 US 68,721 58,688
UK banks have the biggest single share in the Irish crisis - followed by Germany.
3. Who's funding the bailout in the EU?
There are two major funds, just to make things confusing: a €60bn fund, called the European Financial Stability Mechanism (of which the UK is a member) and a much larger €400bn European Financial Stability Facility - which only covers Eurozone countries. You can see our interactive guide to it here.
This is how the bailout contributors break down:
Who guarantees the bailout? Click heading to sort Country Share of €60bn European Financial Stability Mechanism, €bn Share of €60bn European Financial Stability Mechanism, £bn Share of €400bn European Financial Stability Facility €m Share of €400bn European Financial Stability Facility, £m Belgium 1.72 1.47 15.29 13.08 Bulgaria 0.17 0.15 0 Czech Republic 0.65 0.55 0 Denmark 1.22 1.05 0 Germany 12.22 10.45 119.39 102.09 Estonia 0.07 0.06 0 Ireland 0.68 0.58 7.00 5.99 Greece 1.23 1.05 12.39 10.59 Spain 5.22 4.46 52.35 44.77 France 9.89 8.46 89.66 76.67 Italy 7.67 6.56 78.78 67.37 Cyprus 0.09 0.08 0.86 0.74 Latvia 0.09 0.08 0 Lithuania 0.13 0.11 0 Luxembourg 0.14 0.12 1.10 0.94 Hungary 0.43 0.36 0 Malta 0.03 0.03 0.40 0.34 Netherlands 2.95 2.52 25.14 21.50 Austria 1.39 1.19 12.24 10.47 Poland 1.45 1.24 0 Portugal 0.79 0.67 11.04 9.44 Romania 0.66 0.56 0 Slovenia 0.19 0.16 2.07 1.77 Slovakia 0.35 0.30 4.37 3.74 Finland 0.91 0.78 7.91 6.76 Sweden 1.49 1.28 0 United Kingdom 8.15 6.97 0 Total 60 51.31 440.00 376.25
4. Which other countries are at risk?
The obvious candidates are Portugal, Spain and Italy. But this data from the BIS shows exactly how much foreign banks can claim by country - and which countries have the most to lose. See how yours does.
Foreign bank exposure by country Click heading to sort Country Total foreign claims UK claims as % of country total US claims as % of country total All countries 29,126,879 13 10 Developed countries 22,423,128 11 8 Europe 14,590,200 8 9 Austria 295,700 3 2 Andorra 1,715 0 Belgium 577,249 5 7 Cyprus 51,852 8 2 Denmark 320,235 4 7 Finland 194,454 3 4 France 1,654,538 16 10 Germany 1,967,044 9 8 Greece 175,418 7 4 Iceland 23,125 2 3 Ireland 731,188 20 9 Italy 1,127,408 6 3 Liechtenstein 6,500 10 Luxembourg 638,025 5 5 Malta 17,063 1 Netherlands 967,230 15 13 Norway 266,925 5 5 Portugal 234,831 10 1 Slovakia 66,150 1 1 Slovenia 33,745 1 1 Spain 876,480 13 5 Sweden 284,145 7 8 Switzerland 549,678 7 8 United Kingdom 3,527,382 16 Vatican 3 100 Other 2,117 0 Other developed countries 7,832,928 19 6 Australia 593,820 17 14 Canada 556,029 15 20 Japan 1,024,368 13 28 New Zealand 259,461 2 2 United States 5,397,403 21 Residual developed countries 1,847 Offshore centres 2,174,262 24 14 Aruba 1,252 Bahamas 52,451 5 35 Bahrain 31,874 8 Barbados 7,196 9 5 Bermuda 77,979 13 16 Cayman Islands 813,572 10 21 Gibraltar 8,433 40 1 Guernsey 34,948 31 Hong Kong 471,612 52 8 Isle of Man 30,327 37 Jersey 116,129 40 Lebanon 4,671 11 Macao 17,168 6 Mauritius 15,123 26 12 Netherlands Antilles 19,250 16 9 Panama 80,727 3 Samoa 2,468 2 4 Singapore 268,128 27 13 Vanuatu 335 1 0 West Indies UK 120,619 17 18 Residual Offshore centres 0 Developing countries 4,436,598 17 14 Africa & Middle East 591,197 36 9 Algeria 7,476 0 24 Angola 7,822 17 0 Benin 76 0 0 Botswana 2,777 9 Burkina Faso 605 4 3 Burundi 32 0 Cameroon 1,941 10 Cape Verde 1,453 0 0 Central African Republic 9 0 Chad 45 20 2 Comoros 4 0 Congo 188 7 Congo Democratic Republic 352 19 Cote d'Ivoire 3,278 5 Djibouti 319 Egypt 42,393 25 9 Equatorial Guinea 652 0 Eritrea 6 0 Ethiopia 293 4 1 Gabon 684 4 20 Gambia 162 Ghana 4,781 8 Guinea 305 1 6 Guinea-Bissau 10 Iran 13,501 4 0 Iraq 1,368 1 Israel 23,411 14 13 Jordan 3,458 13 Kenya 3,781 20 Kuwait 19,802 13 40 Lesotho 13 0 Liberia 35,723 15 1 Libya 1,364 40 4 Madagascar 1,027 0 Malawi 155 3 1 Mali 240 0 Mauritania 240 0 3 Morocco 23,824 2 2 Mozambique 3,128 10 0 Namibia 390 0 Niger 36 17 0 Nigeria 8,291 19 Oman 9,793 2 Palestinian Territory 40 Qatar 50,839 35 3 Rwanda 40 0 0 Sao Tome and Principe 45 0 Saudi Arabia 46,252 21 12 Senegal 2,163 1 6 Seychelles 1,800 20 0 Sierra Leone 67 Somalia 1 0 0 South Africa 117,955 70 8 St. Helena 4 Sudan 692 2 0 Swaziland 127 7 1 Syria 537 3 0 Tanzania 1,842 66 12 Togo 199 2 Tunisia 6,059 2 8 Uganda 800 28 United Arab Emirates 133,015 43 10 Yemen 1,442 13 1 Zambia 1,676 18 Zimbabwe 315 0 Residual 79 89 Asia & Pacific 1,540,959 24 20 Afghanistan 216 47 Armenia 554 0 Azerbaijan 3,896 14 4 Bangladesh 5,415 14 Bhutan 59 2 British Overseas Territories 277 3 Brunei 2,430 7 Cambodia 269 7 1 China 376,994 19 19 Taiwan 130,008 32 25 Fiji 1,336 0 French Polynesia 4,157 0 Georgia 1,214 44 7 India 260,531 27 22 Indonesia 82,292 17 15 Kazakhstan 19,712 14 14 Kiribati 1 100 Kyrgyzstan 174 0 Laos 391 0 Malaysia 110,821 29 13 Maldives 545 0 Marshall Islands 33,142 16 Micronesia 2 0 Mongolia 202 0 Myanmar 212 Nauru 2 Nepal 295 1 New Caledonia 4,632 0 Korea, North 37 8 Pakistan 12,989 48 11 Palau 2 0 Papua New Guinea 2,614 4 15 Philippines 27,463 19 16 Solomon Islands 136 0 Korea, South 352,873 26 26 Sri Lanka 5,017 8 Tajikistan 49 0 Thailand 71,087 18 11 Timor Leste 83 Tonga 142 0 Turkmenistan 201 Tuvalu 10 0 US Pacific Islands 356 51 7 Uzbekistan 622 5 3 Viet nam 17,081 8 Wallis/Futuna 26 Residual 10,392 96 Europe 1,254,764 4 5 Albania 5,836 0 0 Belarus 3,817 0 Bosnia and Herzegovina 9,616 0 0 Bulgaria 36,926 1 1 Croatia 71,959 0 0 Czech Republic 159,737 2 2 Estonia 24,098 0 0 Hungary 129,779 3 Latvia 24,199 0 0 Lithuania 26,556 0 0 Macedonia, FYR 2,223 1 Moldova 716 2 0 Montenegro 1,268 0 Poland 258,463 2 5 Romania 99,998 2 1 Russia 174,994 6 9 Serbia 22,886 0 Turkey 160,053 14 12 Ukraine 40,717 1 4 Res. Serbia & Montenegro 76 97 Residual Europe 847 Latin America/Caribbean 1,049,678 11 20 Argentina 35,494 14 15 Belize 2,959 7 0 Bolivia 569 7 2 Brazil 424,095 15 16 Chile 105,329 6 8 Colombia 29,360 5 25 Costa Rica 9,360 19 Cuba 1,581 Dominica 233 Dominican Republic 5,690 5 16 Ecuador 2,823 11 30 El Salvador 7,605 29 Falkland Islands 47 Grenada 312 3 0 Guatemala 4,578 4 45 Guyana 893 0 0 Haiti 217 39 Honduras 2,155 34 Jamaica 6,321 2 9 Mexico 329,064 10 32 Nicaragua 602 45 Paraguay 3,412 10 Peru 32,902 4 10 St Lucia 1,703 1 St Vincent 879 6 Suriname 369 0 Trinidad and Tobago 9,934 2 7 Turks and Caicos 1,257 3 Uruguay 7,386 4 8 Venezuela 17,790 6 13 Residual 4,759 21 Int. organisations 83,896 24 Unallocated 8,995 2
• DATA: download the full spreadsheet
World government data
• Search the world's government with our gateway
Development and aid data
• Search the world's global development data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data?
• Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group
• Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Data summary
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) appeared on Fox News Sunday, showing why he is a force to be reckoned with, in 2016 and beyond:
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) (James Crisp/Associated Press)
To begin with, his reserved demeanor, less intense and less cloying than the average pol, sets him apart. This may strike some (women voters, perhaps, most of all) as cool or remote; however, we learned from President Obama than restraint and reserve have a certain appeal these days, especially with younger voters wary of the glad-handing, used-car salesmen type of politicians.
He is also rhetorically clever. In discussing drones, he insists that he's really concerned with the use of drones on Americans at home. Who could quibble with that? It is only at the tail end when he concedes, “Where I agree with Sen. [Lindsey] Graham, if you have a grenade launcher on your shoulder, by all means, and you're firing at Americans, you don't need due process. But if you are sitting in a cafe in Paris or Yemen, there should be a process where a judge decides your guilt, or a jury.” And what if you are an enemy combatant sleeping in a hide-away? The issue is the president's constitutional power to direct war operations in which Americans have taken up arms against their country. Paul seems to have a different understanding, but he puts it in terms that are alluring for a less sophisticated audience.
Nevertheless, when he says that he favors a less “aggressive” foreign policy, he will rankle many voters. Is that what our troops have been doing — waging a war of “aggression”?
When it comes to domestic policy he is exceptionally adept at debunking the president's rhetoric:
WALLACE: All right. Let's turn to the president's agenda. What's wrong with the idea the president laid out in the State of the Union that, yes, at this time particularly when we have a weak recovery, we need to spend more money? He calls it investment on education, on infrastructure, on research, especially when Mr. Obama says, if you make cuts in other places we won't add — his words — a dime to the deficit. PAUL: Yes, he said that about 20 times in the last four years. Meanwhile, he added $6 trillion to the debt. I think it's really disingenuous. He said in his speech he reduced the debt by $2 trillion. Well, he added $6 trillion and that means because he didn't add $8 trillion, he's reduced it by $2 trillion? That's absurd. He listed about 50 new programs and says they're not going to cost you anything. We're going to squeeze the money out of the rich. The problem is, is whenever he tries to squeeze more money out of the economy, he is slowing it down. We slowed down in the fourth quarter, and it's not because government spending is going down. Government spending is still going at pace. We still have plenty of government spending. In fact, we spent more the fourth quarter last year than the third quarter and we spent more than the previous year. We've never had a real cut in spending in recent history. So I think he's just — he's flat-out wrong.
That's effective stuff. Also effective is his appeal to seniors (“If you are a senior citizen trying to save money, when your savings is sapped and you get no cost of living increase”) Less effective is his focus on inflation (which is now nearly non-existent). On immigration, as he said, he's moved a long way. And he also makes an appeal not to incarcerate non-violent drug users.
All of this, one can imagine, will open up the party's appeal. Paul is also smart enough not to sound hysterical or defensive about opposition. Unlike the tea party crowd and some right wing bloggers in orbit about Karl Rove's efforts to find electable Republicans, Paul says simply, “Well, you know, elections are a free marketplace and everybody has a right to participate in primary elections. What I would say is primary elections need not be selected by the party. In my case, and also in Sen. Rubio's case, the party chose someone else. In Sen. Rubio's case, they chose someone who is now a Democrat. So, it wasn't really a very good choice. So, I would say is, let's have healthy primaries, and if people want to contribute on all sides, let people make voluntary contributions and we'll see which way it goes. But I think competitive primaries, you end up getting a good candidate, typically.”
Paul's national security views remain a concern for many voters. But the mix of issues — on immigration, drug crimes, and fiscal sobriety — in what he calls a libertarian-conservative viewpoint — will certainly shake up the party. (Unclear is how gay marriage will fit into all this.) Paul is definitely not your run-of-the-mill Republican; how far that will take him remains to be seen.
By
My colleague, Eric Jacobson, Ph.D., conducts research on alternative medicine at Harvard Medical School. In 2009 he received a grant from the National Institutes of Health to conduct a pilot clinical trial of structural integration as a treatment for chronic low back pain. He is currently completing the analysis of the data from that clinical trial, but is about to run out of funds.
The Rolf Institute® of Structural Integration is asking for your financial help to completely fund and finish the study. Your tax-deductible contribution will help Dr. Jacobson complete the analysis of comprehensive data on pain and disability, psychology, balance, walking, and blood biomarkers for stress and inflammation. Here is Dr. Jacobson speaking about his study.
This is the only clinical trial that has ever been done on structural integration as a treatment for low back pain. With the completion of this study we hope to be able to begin to answer the question, “How is structural integration so helpful?”
I hope you will consider making a contribution directly to The Rolf Institute. The goal is to raise $8,000 dollars by April 30, 2015, towards Dr. Jacobson's project.
You may also enjoy watching Dr. Jacobson speak in more depth about his project in this 55 minute presentation “Soft tissue manipulation for chronic low back pain: evaluating the promise of structural integration” filmed at Brigham and Women's Hospital in May 2014.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. I'm Amy Goodman, as we turn to part two of our special, an extended interview with Glenn Greenwald, author of the new book, No Place to Hide: Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. Surveillance State. Four weeks ago, Glenn Greenwald returned to the United States for the first time since breaking the Snowden story. He and filmmaker Laura Poitras flew in from Berlin to accept the George Polk Award. Days later, the Pulitzer Prize was given to The Guardian and Washington Post for their coverage of the Snowden leaks. Former NSA director, General Keith Alexander, criticized the Pulitzer Prize committee; he said, quote, “I'm greatly disappointed that we have rewarded those who have put so many lives at risk.” I asked Glenn Greenwald to respond.
GLENN GREENWALD: Yeah, first of all, I mean, as a journalist, I consider it sort of additional prize that somebody like Keith Alexander is so angry at the journalism I'm doing that he's willing to make those things up in order to discredit it. I mean, the idea of a journalist is that you ought to be adversarial to people like Keith Alexander. And I would be a lot more worried if he liked the reporting that we did and praised it than I am that he's saying things like that.
But the thing that I think is so important to realize is, you know, if you go back 40 years and look at what was said about Daniel Ellsberg, who most people across the political spectrum now consider to have been heroic and justified and noble in what he did, the same exact things were said about him. In fact, Nixon officials went before Congress and accused him of being a secret Russian spy. They said that he put lives at risk. They said that people were going to die as a result of these disclosures, that he was a traitor, that he was engaged in treason—all of which have been proven to be utter fabrications.
And every single whistleblowing event that has happened since then, including the 2005 NSA story in which someone in the Justice Department told The New York Times about that program, the blowing the whistle on Abu Ghraib and the torture program and the rendition program, what WikiLeaks and Chelsea Manning did, this same rhetoric is constantly invoked, which is, if you shine a light on what we in political power are doing in a way that we haven't authorized you to do, you're going to have blood on your hands. I mean, there's an obvious irony to being accused by a U.S. general who served in Iraq, of all places, of having blood on your hands or resulting—causing the death of innocent people. Nobody could ever surpass Keith Alexander and his fellow generals in their ability to do that. But the claim is made all the time, reflexively, without any evidence, because in reality the only thing that has been harmed by the disclosures is not the lives of innocent people, it's the reputation and credibility of people like Keith Alexander. And so you can understand why they are so interested in demeaning it.
AMY GOODMAN: Now I want to ask you about the politics of the Pulitzer Prize. The Pulitzer Prize for Public Service that went to The Guardian and The Washington Post is perhaps the highest Pulitzer Prize.
GLENN GREENWALD: Right.
AMY GOODMAN: It's the first one named. And clearly, you and Laura Poitras led these teams. I mean, your—in the articles that are cited in The Guardian, your name is on one after the next after the next.
GLENN GREENWALD: Right.
AMY GOODMAN: And Laura Poitras is on both The Guardian website in bylining pieces, and The Washington Post.
GLENN GREENWALD: Right.
AMY GOODMAN: The two newspapers named. But technically, according to the rules of the Pulitzer, you each will have to say you were part of the team that won the Pulitzer, that you can't be called a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter, though, of course, here at Democracy Now! we will call you that.
GLENN GREENWALD: Right, thank you.
AMY GOODMAN: But what about the politics of this? Because although the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service usually goes to an institution, it often, even in going to an institution, cites the bravery of a particular reporter in reporting the series of stories. Can you talk about this?
GLENN GREENWALD: Yeah, I mean, I don't think there's any secret about the fact that the journalism that I advocate for and engage in is controversial among a large clatch of what I would call establishment journalists. I talked about before there being these unwritten set of rules that govern how you're supposed to speak and what you're supposed to do, that I consciously reject and set out to violate because I think they're corrupting. And I've been a very vociferous critic of how the establishment media in the United States conducts itself, and that's created a lot of animosity even before the Edward Snowden story. And so, the people who compose these committee are the targets of that criticism and also the targets of the reporting and the way I've tried to do the journalism. So it's certainly understandable, and we've gotten reports that there was some effort on the committee to make sure that, you know, my name and Laura's name didn't sully their wonderful brand, you know.
But at the same time, I mean, the way I really look at it is, it is the prize that I'm glad that that was awarded, in part because I think some of the best reporting that has been done in history, including The Washington Post investigation of Watergate and The New York Times publication of the Pentagon Papers, won that prize, and that I do think, you know, what we tried to do was do the reporting in the public service. There's certainly been no shortage of individual accolades and honors that Laura and me, and even Edward Snowden, have received. You know, I feel like we've gotten our due credit and much, much more. And ultimately, it really is true—and I think this has been a little bit obscured—is that we weren't actually out there alone. You know, The Guardian did put its 190-year reputation on the line. We didn't always agree on everything, but for the most part they did the story very fearlessly and very aggressively. There were teams of editors working on all of our stories, there were other reporters who were very brave and who did great reporting, and I think they deserved the award institutionally. And I think it's obvious that a lot of the reporting that was won was reporting that I did, but they definitely deserve that recognition, as well. And, I mean, I definitely, overall, am thrilled with the way that the prize was awarded, even though I know there were these internal conflicts that I think are to be expected.
AMY GOODMAN: Does it also go to the issue of old media and new media?
GLENN GREENWALD: Yeah. I mean, you know, if you look at, for example, the way The Washington Post did its reporting, not only did they not send anybody to Hong Kong, which created a big rift between them and their source, but they published, I think, one story in the first several weeks, because I think that that—those were the kinds of rules. I mean, Bart Gellman is a great reporter, but the editors at The Washington Post are very much old-style, old-media, pro-government journalists, the kind who have essentially made journalism in the U.S. neutered and impotent and obsolete. And The Guardian is very much, especially in the U.S., this sort of newcomer, this outsider, this mostly web-based publication that has more of an Internet, new-media culture. And the reason I went to The Guardian is because they have a history in the past of deviating from this sort of very conservative, pro-government line and doing reporting that's in the public interest. And I think that came through in how they stood behind the reporting and really supported it every step of the way.
AMY GOODMAN: Can you talk about the website that you are unveiling today, that is the backup information and documents with No Place to Hide?
GLENN GREENWALD: Yeah, one of the things that I insisted upon and that my publishing company agreed to be that whatever new documents were reported on in the book, I wanted to make sure that they weren't only in the book and available to people who bought the book, but also online for free, because it's information that ought to be public. And so, simultaneous with the release of the book today, we are publishing online dozens of new documents that are reported on in the book, including some of the ones that we've discussed, that I think shine a whole new light on the NSA and various programs that it has adopted.
AMY GOODMAN: And what is happening with The Intercept, your new web outlet that you and Laura Poitras and Jeremy Scahill have developed, with the support of Pierre Omidyar of eBay?
GLENN GREENWALD: Yeah, you know, the—I think we've published 12 or 14 new NSA stories in the three months or so since we've existed. And as I said earlier, we're working on ones that I think are going to be among the biggest, if not the most significant, NSA stories still to come. And the benefit of it is, we have lots of reporters who are working on these with me and lots of editors and lawyers who are helping to make the story right. And we're also simultaneously expanding, because we really sort of launched earlier than we were ready so we could do the NSA reporting, into the kind of daily news outlet and analysis provider that we intend to be.
AMY GOODMAN: Finally, Glenn Greenwald, Edward Snowden, what happens to him now? It's almost the first anniversary of Edward Snowden in Hong Kong with you releasing these documents. He has gotten political asylum, for now, in Russia. Talk about the debate that's going on in the White House, in this country, about what should happen to him. He clearly wants to come home.
GLENN GREENWALD: He does, but he's only willing to come home if he's given a fair opportunity to make his case. And right now that is impossible. You know, there's this sort of bravado that pervades the Washington political class and media class when they talk about Snowden, which is, “Oh, if he really believes what he did was justified, he should man up and come home and make his case in court.” But the way that they have created the rules that govern Espionage Act cases, which is what this would be, is that a defendant charged with violating the Espionage Act is barred from making the very defense that they're trying to lure him into making or claiming he could make, which is: “I did what I did because it was justified.” That, a court would never allow. So the entire playing field of how the U.S. judiciary operates in these cases is completely warped and designed to ensure an unfair trial and an inevitable prosecution.
So, you know, he has asylum for a year in Russia. There are strong signs that that is going to be renewed, if not for another year, probably longer. There are also debates in lots of other countries, including powerful and influential ones like Germany and Brazil, about giving him asylum in those countries. So I think his future is relatively bright as far as being able to stay out of a cage in the U.S. prison system for the rest of his life. But where he ends up, I think, is still a question mark. But, you know, for him, I think, as long as he's able freely to participate in the debate that he wanted to galvanize, and has galvanized, then he will feel very satisfied and happy.
AMY GOODMAN: And the debate that it has opened up in the United States, has it surprised you, who began this journey with Edward Snowden over a year ago?
GLENN GREENWALD: Oh, it's surprised me greatly. I mean, I've been working on surveillance issues for eight years, and I know the difficulty of trying to induce large numbers of people to pay attention and care about them, because it's a little bit more ethereal and abstract, and even a little bit remote, than, say, your inability to pay bills or to get health insurance for your children. And the ability that we've had to take these documents and show them to people, as opposed to just reporting on it and making them rely on what we're saying, has been indispensable in engaging the public. I think it really shows the value of whistleblowing, not just for exposing specific programs, but for strengthening democracy and for the debate that is necessary to support it.
AMY GOODMAN: Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter Glenn Greenwald. Visit our website at democracynow.org for part one of our conversation with Glenn, when he talks about the latest NSA revelations in his new book, No Place to Hide: Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. Surveillance State.
Democracy Now! is hiring three part-time video news production fellows. Visit our website at democracynow.org for details.
Yikes! Azealia Banks is on the attack once again, and this time she's hurling racial slurs and homophobic remarks at Zayn Malik after she claimed he copied her music video. See the full stream of appalling insults, right here.
This is absolutely disgusting. Azealia Banks, 24, went after Zayn Malik, 24, for allegedly copying her music video on May 10, and once again she took it way too far and resorted to horribly offensive homophobic names and insults directed (incorrectly) at Zayn's ethnicity. See all of the drama, right here.
Okay, Azealia, it's time to knock it off. She's constantly fighting with any celebrity she can coax into a internet war, and Zayn is the latest casualty. On May 10, he released his new music video for his song “Like I Would.” Azealia highlighted several aesthetic similarities between the video and hers for her song “Chasing Time” in an Instagram pic. She started off relatively mellow, saying “Damn Zayn be mood boarding the f*ck of out me 😳.. I'm not mad about this though. Zayn is a cutie pie.” She went on to say that she wanted Zayn to “eat her a**” in another video. Awkwarddd.
Clearly, Zayn was not a fan of the attention, or the insinuation that he copied Azealia, so he took to Twitter to call out the rapper without actually saying her name. “No lies … I see you reaching but I don't care 😆✌🏽️” he said, following it up with “My @'s too good for you.” Whether the tweets were directed at Azealia or not, she went completely insane when she saw them and attacked him using several racial slurs (which are aimed at Indian people despite the fact that Zayn is English-Pakistani) and homophobic insults.
YUNG RAPUNXEL ALWAYS WINS PUNJABI!! pic.twitter.com/vK4jkSxcoo — BRUJA DEL BLOQUE (@AZEALIABANKS) May 10, 2016
"Trying to make myself known but I'm still known as the token sand nigga from 1D" https://t.co/iHaStz4SqQ — BRUJA DEL BLOQUE (@AZEALIABANKS) May 10, 2016
"I eat sand for breakfast and suck dick for dinner" https://t.co/iHaStz4SqQ — BRUJA DEL BLOQUE (@AZEALIABANKS) May 10, 2016
Lol zayns faggot ass gave my cell number to his fans. @zaynmalik — BRUJA DEL BLOQUE (@AZEALIABANKS) May 10, 2016
LOL @ZAYNMALIK IS A FAGGOT — BRUJA DEL BLOQUE (@AZEALIABANKS) May 10, 2016
What the heck? That went from 0-60 real quick. Even if Zayn was talking about her (which we don't know for sure) he definitely didn't do anything worthy of that kind of vicious attack. Azealia has been attacking everyone from Hillary Clinton to Iggy Azalea, and it's getting really old.
Listen to Zayn's debut album Mind of Mine here on iTunes.
HollywoodLifers – do you think Azealia's attack was warranted? share your thoughts with us!
A reader left a link to this article in a comment and it blew me away. We all knew that Pope Benedict is a proponent of the most retrograde positions, but I had no idea he still thought geocentrism was defensible and that the church's treatment of Galileo was excusable. But the National Catholic Reporter had an excerpt from a book then-Cardinal Ratzinger wrote in 1990 taking exactly those positions.
In the last decade, creation's resistance to allowing itself to be manipulated by humanity has emerged as a new element in the overall cultural situation. The question of the limits of science, and the criteria which it must observe, has become unavoidable.
Particularly emblematic of this change of intellectual climate, it seems to me, is the different way in which the Galileo case is seen.
This episode, which was little considered in the 18th century, was elevated to a myth of the Enlightenment in the century that followed. Galileo appeared as a victim of that medieval obscurantism that endures in the Church. Good and evil were sharply distinguished. On the one hand, we find the Inquisition: a power that incarnates superstition, the adversary of freedom and conscience. On the other, there's natural science represented by Galileo: the force of progress and liberation of humanity from the chains of ignorance that kept it impotent in the face of nature. The star of modernity shines in the dark night of medieval obscurity.
Today, things have changed.
According to [Ernst] Bloch, the heliocentric system – just like the geocentric – is based upon presuppositions that can't be empirically demonstrated. Among these, an important role is played by the affirmation of the existence of an absolute space; that's an opinion that, in any event, has been cancelled by the Theory of Relativity. Bloch writes, in his own words: ‘From the moment that, with the abolition of the presupposition of an empty and immobile space, movement is no longer produced towards something, but there's only a relative movement of bodies among themselves, and therefore the measurement of that [movement] depends to a great extent on the choice of a body to serve as a point of reference, in this case is it not merely the complexity of calculations that renders the [geocentric] hypothesis impractical? Then as now, one can suppose the earth to be fixed and the sun as mobile.”
If both the spheres of conscience are once again clearly distinguished among themselves under their respective methodological profiles, recognizing both their limits and their respective rights, then the synthetic judgment of the agnostic-skeptic philosopher P. Feyerabend appears much more drastic. He writes: “The church at the time of Galileo was much more faithful to reason than Galileo himself, and also took into consideration the ethical and social consequences of Galileo's doctrine. Its verdict against Gaileo was rational and just, and revisionism can be legitimized solely for motives of political opportunism.”
From the point of view of the concrete consequences of the turning point Galileo represents, however, C.F. Von Weizsacker takes another step forward, when he identifies a “very direct path” that leads from Galileo to the atomic bomb.
To my great surprise, in a recent interview on the Galileo case, I was not asked a question like, ‘Why did the Church try to get in the way of the development of modern science?', but rather exactly the opposite, that is: ‘Why didn't the church take a more clear position against the disasters that would inevitably follow, once Galileo had opened Pandora's box?'
It would be absurd, on the basis of these affirmations, to construct a hurried apologetics. The faith does not grow from resentment and the rejection of rationality, but from its fundamental affirmation and from being inscribed in a still greater form of reason …
Here, I wished to recall a symptomatic case that illustrates the extent to which modernity's doubts about itself have grown today in science and technology.
Geert Wilders, Dutch right-wing politician, pledges to 'de-Islamise' the Netherlands ahead of election
Updated
When Dutch voters go to the polls on Wednesday, it will be the first of three big elections in 2017 involving founding European Union (EU) members.
The French presidential election will take place in April and May. In September, German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be seeking a fourth term.
All three elections will be critical for the future of the EU, as the rise of right-wing populism and nationalism threatens some of the key bedrocks of the European project.
All eyes this week will be on the Freedom Party's Geert Wilders as he gets a chance to test his electoral popularity in an era of massive political upsets.
Mr Wilders is anti-Islam, anti-immigration and anti-EU, and for long stages of the campaign has been ahead in the polls.
The international media like to portray him as the Dutch Donald Trump. But beyond the big hair, the Twitter tirades and the brash personalities there are a number of key differences between the two.
Mr Wilders is no political outsider.
Unlike Mr Trump, who until 2016 had never stood for public office, Mr Wilders has been in the Dutch Parliament for nearly 20 years.
Before that he was a local councillor and a parliamentary staffer. He started the Freedom Party in 2004 after leaving the centre-right VVD party.
In 2010, he won 24 seats in the Dutch Parliament after securing 15 per cent of the vote.
Shutting down mosques, banning Koran
While Mr Trump has his contentious travel ban on those from six predominantly Muslim countries, Mr Wilders wants to go a lot further than that.
He is vowing to "de-Islamise" the Netherlands by shutting mosques and Islamic schools, banning the Koran and having "zero asylum seekers and no immigrants any more from Islamic countries".
Muslims make up about 6 per cent of the Dutch population, mostly from Moroccan and Turkish backgrounds.
While campaigning in February, Mr Wilders said, "there is a lot of Moroccan scum in Holland who make the streets unsafe, mostly young people — and that should change".
'Enough of mass immigration'
Mr Trump has made jobs and the economy a centrepiece of his agenda. However, Mr Wilders tends to focus on issues of national identity.
Much of his one-page election manifesto is about his anti-Islam and anti-EU policies. In that platform he does not even mention jobs.
The first paragraph of his manifesto states: "Millions of Dutch citizens have simply had enough of the Islamisation of our country. Enough of mass immigration and asylum, terror, violence and insecurity."
Pressure to move closer to Wilders' agenda
Mr Wilders could win the popular vote, but he is unlikely to be his country's next prime minister.
He had led the polls since November, but a "poll of polls" two weeks out from the vote had him just behind Prime Minister Mark Rutte. Mr Wilders was on 15.7 per cent, Mr Rutte 16.3 per cent.
The Dutch House of Representatives has 150 members who are elected in four-year terms. Like the Australian Senate, their lower house is elected by a system of proportional representation.
This means the seats are split between an array of major and minor parties. The next prime minister will probably have to form a coalition with a range of parties.
All major parties have ruled out striking a power-sharing agreement with Mr Wilders, even if he wins the popular vote. They consider his policies to be either too extreme or simply unconstitutional.
This does not mean a high vote for Mr Wilders would be meaningless. If he does do well on Wednesday, it will put pressure on whoever wins to move closer to his agenda.
It will also put the frighteners up the established political parties in the EU who are facing voters in the coming months.
Topics: government-and-politics, elections, immigration, community-and-society, islam, netherlands
First posted
2G
Second generation mobile network known as GSM. Simply put, 2G allows you to send text messages.
3G
The third generation of mobile phone technology, offering better coverage for voice calls and text messaging, as well as providing faster access to the internet. All of our tariffs come with 3G as standard.
3.5G
Also known as HSDPA (High Speed Data Packet Access), 3.5G provides faster data rates than 3G.
4G
The fourth generation of mobile phone technology. With 4G, using the internet on your phone is even quicker, with speeds 5-7 times faster than 3G. If you have a 4G ready phone, but you're not in a 4G area, you'll still be able to use 3G.
What is 4G Calling?
Some phones support 4G Calling (also called Voice over LTE or VoLTE). 4G Calling lets you make clearer voice calls using our award-winning 4G network. If 4G Calling is available, you can just dial the number you want to call like normal. You can check 4G Calling coverage with our coverage checker.
Cellular network
The radio network used to send and receive calls and messages, and use the internet.
O2 Wifi
A fast, free wifi service available to everyone. You just download the app, and you'll be connected to O2 Wifi whenever you're in a hotspot.
Wifi
You can connect to the internet using wifi, to browse the web, download applications, or send and receive emails, without using your 3G or 4G data.
What is Wifi Calling?
Some phones can use wifi to make voice calls. Wifi Calling (also called Voice over Wifi or VoWifi), helps you make and receive calls even if you can't connect to the mobile network, like when you're on the London Underground. When connected to wifi, you can just dial the number you want to call like normal.
O2 Pocket Hotspot
A portable gadget that connects you and up to four other people or devices to the internet, when there's O2 mobile data coverage. The O2 Pocket Hotspot automatically connects to our mobile network as soon as you insert a Pay & Go sim.
Pop Culture Shock always delivers the goods when it comes to high quality Street Fighter statues and figures; these latest shots captured by Toy News International is from PCS's booth at San Diego Comic-Con, and they include the first look at some of the toy company's 1:6 scale figures. Though they have covered a good number of World Warriors already, these latest models include a render of Alex, a Chun-Li sporting her pink alternate, M. Bison showing off his psycho power and–most unexpectedly–a battle-ready Oni. Additionally, Storm Collectibles showed off a 1:12 scale Ryu in his blue gi performing a perfect Tatsu, and we get to see some more angles of the previously revealed Ken and Akuma statues. Check out the full gallery below for a good eyeful of what's to come.
Source: Toy News International
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
UPDATE: The owners of Zuccotti Park, home to Occupy Wall Street, released a set of rules this afternoon that, if enforced, will put an end to the occupation. It appears that suspicious of protesters who believed the cleaning was an excuse for eviction have been borne out. The park cleaning will take place in three stages starting at 7 am tomorrow, though it's possible a police crackdown will happen sooner. I will be at the park starting this evening and will be posting constant updates on Twitter from @JoshHarkinson.
Just two days after announcing that Occupy Wall Street protesters can stay in Zuccotti Park indefinitely, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said last night that they'll have to leave tomorrow, at least temporarily, while sanitation workers clean it up. Protesters say they plan to resist the move, with some viewing it as a ploy to permanently evict them.
Bloomberg briefly visited the park last night and later released a statement noting that the park's owner, Brookfield Office Properties, was concerned about its cleanliness. He went on to outline the cleanup plan: “The cleaning will be done in stages,” the statement said, “and the protesters will be allowed to return to the areas that have been cleaned, provided they abide by the rules that Brookfield has established for the park.”
What is now known as Zuccotti Park was constructed in 1968 by the builders of the adjacent United States Steel Tower in exchange for being allowed to build a taller skyscraper than zoning rules would otherwise allow. The park is classified as “privately owned public space”–it's open to the public 24 hours a day but maintained by Brookfield, the building's property management company.
Protesters with Occupy Wall Street's Planning Working Group told me earlier this week that they still weren't clear on exactly what kinds of rules governed the park. Brookfield has not released anything in writing, and has mostly just raised sanitation concerns. In an effort to prevent the cleanliness issue from turning into an excuse for eviction, the Planning and the Sanitation working groups at OWS have been trying to obtain bins in which to store bedding during the day, making the park easier to clean. But the process has been slow. At a meeting on Sunday night, for example, the proposal was met with resistance by other protesters who wanted to try to obtain the bins on Craigslist, rather than purchase them, and wanted to make sure that they were “fair trade.”
Now that the cleanliness concerns have come to a head, OWS is organizing a massive cleanup effort today. Still, it probably won't be enough to convince Bloomberg and Brookfield to leave sanitation to the occupiers, which means clashes with the police who'll clear parts of the park tomorrow could be likely.
In the longer term, OWS is trying to apply some urban planning principles to the Zuccotti camp in order to make it easier to clean and navigate. Check out our interactive map of the camp that explains how the layout would work.
The recent Federal Automated Vehicles Policy is long. (My same-day analysis is here and the whole series is being released.) At 116 pages (to be fair, less than half is policy declarations and the rest is plans for the future and associated materials) it is much larger than many of us were expecting.
The policy was introduced with a letter attributed to President Obama, where he wrote:
There are always those who argue that government should stay out of free enterprise entirely, but I think most Americans would agree we still need rules to keep our air and water clean, and our food and medicine safe. That's the general principle here. What's more, the quickest way to slam the brakes on innovation is for the public to lose confidence in the safety of new technologies. Both government and industry have a responsibility to make sure that doesn't happen. And make no mistake: If a self-driving car isn't safe, we have the authority to pull it off the road. We won't hesitate to protect the American public's safety.
This leads in to an unprecedented effort to write regulations for a technology that barely exists and has not been deployed beyond the testing stage. The history of automotive regulation has been the opposite, and so this is a major change. The key question is what justifies such a big change, and the cost that will come with it.
Make no mistake, the cost will be real. The cost of regulations is rarely known in advance but it is rarely small. Regulations slow all players down and make them more cautious -- indeed it is sometimes their goal to cause that caution. Regulations result in projects needing "compliance departments" and the establishment of procedures and legal teams to assure they are complied with. In almost all cases, regulations punish small companies and startups more than they punish big players. In some cases, big players even welcome regulation, both because it slows down competitors and innovators, and because they usually also have skilled governmental affairs teams and lobbying teams which are able to subtly bend the regulations to match their needs.
This need not even be nefarious, though it often is. Companies that can devote a large team to dealing with regulations, those who can always send staff to meetings and negotiations and public comment sessions will naturally do better than those which can't.
The US has had a history of regulating after the fact. Of being the place where "if it's not been forbidden, it's permitted." This is what has allowed many of the most advanced robocar projects to flourish in the USA.
The attitude has been that industry (and startups) should lead and innovate. Only if the companies start doing something wrong or harmful, and market forces won't stop them from being that way, is it time for the regulators to step in and make the errant companies do better. This approach has worked far better than the idea that regulators would attempt to understand a product or technology before it is deployed, imagine how it might go wrong, and make rules to keep the companies in line before any of them have shown evidence of crossing a line.
In spite of all I have written here, the robocar industry is still young. There are startups yet to be born which will develop new ideas yet to be imagined that change how everybody thinks about robocars and transportation. These innovative teams will develop new concepts of what it means to be safe and how to make things safe. Their ideas will be obvious only well after the fact.
Regulations and standards don't deal well with that. They can only encode conventional wisdom. "Best practices" are really "the best we knew before the innovators came." Innovators don't ignore the old wisdom willy-nilly, they often ignore it or supersede it quite deliberately.
What's good?
Some players -- notably the big ones -- have lauded these regulations. Big players, like car companies, Google, Uber and others have a reason to prefer regulations over a wild west landscape. Big companies like certainty. They need to know that if they build a product, that it will be legal to sell it. They can handle the cost of complex regulations, as long as they know they can build it. Small companies want to know their products will be legal, too, but they are willing to take more risk, and aim for targets that are currently illegal but probably will be legal when the time comes.
For reasons outlined below, I am not sure these regulations offer as much certainty as desired. Many of them have been left deliberately vague -- in the laudable goal of not trying to regulate too much at this time. Indeed, I believe the aut hors of the regulations hope they will offer this certainty and help progress.
I will contend that the certainty needed by the vendors could have been delivered with much simpler regulation. The fact is, having been inside or close to many of the developers out there, they are already safety obsessed. The potential liability of crashes already makes them do far more for safety than NHTSA could write in a standard. I do not believe that any developer has been acting so recklessly than they needed to be reined in at this point.
Most of the regulations are fairly obvious things, known already to all major developers, and already part of their plans. As such, I may not have criticism of specific rules themselves in many cases. My criticism instead is of the idea of th inking you can write the rules at this time. Even when the rules are explicit in stating that they are currently vague an d will be evolving over time.
Mandatory data sharing
The mandatory data sharing rules are among the more radical elements. This actually could be a powerful role for government. As I have written, the most difficult challenge is to build the testing tools to prove you've actually made a vehicle safe enough and mandatory sharing of full data on any incidents and near-incidents could quickly create that test database. It also would greatly level the playing field between competitors, because the huge test experience the big and old players have is one of their big advantages in the game. More on this later. I might recommend the government actually could help by funding and promoting an open source simulator which is chock-full of test situations and a way for every developer to test against them.
Voluntary regulations?
The current document describes compliance with the 15 point program as optional. Respondents making their filing -- the filing becomes mandatory 4 months after the paperwork reduction act process is done -- can say that they decline to certify the requested item.
This might be seen as an out, a regimen where players can still experiment. This is the case only if the statement that they are voluntary is really true. In the same document, NHTSA states it wants to make them mandatory in the future. And that it reserves its power to recall any vehicle they don't think is safe.
My fear is that deliberately ignoring these regulations will be the scary path for many developers. They will know that if they do have a safety problem, and they explicitly declared not to follow one of the regulations, they are likely to get in more trouble than if the opt-out were never there.
NHTSA also has a great deal of power over experimental or revolutionary vehicles because of the existing and mandatory Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS.) For example, those regulations require a steering wheel, which Google wishes to exclude. Google gets away with this by doing this only in an experimental low-speed vehicle of a class that is exempted from much of the FMVSS. To make a real vehicle, Google would need an exemption from the FMVSS to build it their way, and I doubt they would get it if they are not complying with this "voluntary" standard.
The rules are simply not written in a way that imagines that compliance is very optional.
The danger of citing existing standards
At a large number of places in these regulations, developers are called upon to follow the established standards for safety, reliability, software development practices and many other things that have been written by organizations like the ISO, Society of Automotive Engineers, NIST, the Alliance of Auto Manufacturers, ANSI, CIE, IEEE, US Dept. of Defense and NHTSA itself.
I am not offering a criticism of the various standards written by these bodies. While standards certainly have their flaws, even if we viewed all these cited bodies and standards as superb, the reality is that {bo standards can only ever encode conventional wisdom}. This makes it much more difficult to invent new and non-conventional ways of being safe which may violate the conventional rules but are actually safer. I'll offer some more detail on this in the Safety section.
Poor handling of machine learning and other radical methods
The NHTSA authors know about the revolution going on in machine learning and the use of trained neural networks in AI. Th ey know it is one of the most heavily researched areas in robocars today, or they should. Yet many of these regulations a re so tied to more conventional thinking that I fear they could preclude the use of many machine learning techniques, or a t the least make them more difficult.
As I have written, machine learning based approaches create a black box the developers don't fully understand. You don't know why it makes the decisions it does. If it makes wrong decisions, you can add new training data until it doesn't, but you don't know why the fix worked and how universal it was. That's scary, and one can understand how the regulations might discourage that. At the same the neural networks are so powerful we might find ourselves in a sitation where we can choose between two approaches:
A traditional, transparent approach which has X accidents per million miles, and we understand why, and A machine learning approach that has 60% of X accidents per million miles, but we don't know how or why
Which is the right choice? What if it's 10% of the accidents of the transparent system?
Further, if they might block today's hot new method, what will they do with tomorrow's?
Overly detailed regulation vs. safety levels
These regulations contain long lists of things that cars should do. They are, to put it bluntly, a beginner's checklist of things a car developer might want to watch out for in building their system. This approach is not complete, and nor will it ever be complete -- there will be many things not in the governmental lists which need to be done.
Writing lists now in regulations (rather than in advisory documents or research papers) could lead to the dangerous thought that the lists are complete. They will certainly become a checklist for teams.
Some people believe, however, that the safety goals should be expressed in a different way. That the rules should demand that a system meet or exceed human safety levels by some amount, without saying how. You can write a regulation that says "be able to handle a police officer redirecting traffic" and nobody is going to argue with the need for that, but there are arguments against the government being the one to write it down. (First of all, that's already in all vehicle codes as far as I know so would already be required of all vehicles.)
The problem, at least in 2016, is better expressed as "Be {it this} safe, and you figure out how to do that." Describe levels of unsafe events in broad categories like:
Failure to avoid unexpected incursion into your lane Unplanned and incorrect departure from your lane Improperly close approach to another road user Impact with a physical object Impact with a person or vehicle with a person
Then put a multiplication factor on these elements for speed. Set up a score and charge the teams with meeting that goal. Don't tell them how to meet it.
Constant updates and timelines
The regulations require "entities to provide a Safety Assessment at least four months before active public road testing begins on a new automated feature." Furthermore, they ask for an update report for any update that will "materially change the way in which the vehicle complies (or take it out of compliance) with any of the 15 elements of the Guidance (e.g., vehicle's ODD, OEDR capability, or fall back approach." (The ODD is the operating domain, which is to say the roads it works on and the OEDR is the perception system and resulting path changes due to it.)
NHTSA seems unaware of just how much of a burden this could be on the development process. Every team I know is constantly revising their software and developing new capabilities and functionality. They certainly won't wait 4 months to put something on the road after building it.
Teams are also constantly improving and adding functions, both to the perception systems, and to the set of roads that they can safely handle. These regulations don't require an update just to add a road to the map, but they do require it for the ability to handle a new type of road.
This simply isn't workable during testing and development, and would be tough even after deployment, since testing and development never end.
This is also one of many burdens on those attempting to use neural networks in their perception systems and especially their path planning systems. With these networks you train them rather than program them, and you only know if you have added a capability after you test it!
Going forward
In the next few days, I will release analysis of the different portions of the regulations. Then I will look at the plan for states and NHTSA's future plans. NHTSA hopes other countries (particularly in NAFTA) will copy their regulations, and the power of the USA is strong so this may well happen. There will be countries which don't copy this approach, and which have faster robocar development as a result. Will the USA realize what to do before it's to late? Once regulations like this are passed, they are very hard, if not impossible, to un-pass. Nobody wants to be the person who removed a safety regulation, because if you can connect an accident with that removal, you will get blamed. You must be very sure to get it right because going back is very difficult.
You can read part three of the NHTSA series.
Hello everyone! Miso horny for Soba Noodles today. Who doesn't love Soba Noodles? I love the plain version, the green tea version, the kind where it comes dipped in a cold broth….I could go on forever. And how healthy are Soba Noodles? Made from Buckwheat, Soba Noodles are a lower calorie alternative to regular pasta, are crazy high in Magnesium and are totally Gluten Free. Sounds like trendy hipster worthy food, doesn't it? Well, today I have graced you with my royal presence to share with you the recipe for my Miso Tahini Soba Noodles. You may repay me in either cash, cheque or credit.
I like to think of this recipe as bastardized Japanese food. I'm not sure how often the Japanese have their Soba Noodles tossed in a Miso Tahini dressing, but who cares. I do, however, know that the Japanese utilize Neri Goma (sesame paste, quite similar to tahini) quite often, so I can't be too off track, right? My Miso Tahini Soba Noodles are combined with julienned carrot, julienned cucumber and sprinkled with black sesame seeds. Keeping with my pseudo Japanese theme, I decided to toss in some lovely Edamame into the recipe as well. I love Edamame! We go through a lot of that sh!t in this house.
Now lets talk about the Miso Tahini Dressing. It is sh*tballs delicious and so easy to make. All you need is some Shiro Miso (white miso), Sesame Oil, Mirin, Maple Syrup, Salt, Ginger, Water, Red Pepper Flakes and of course, Tahini. This stuff is good enough to drink with a straw…but then again I say that about every damn dressing recipe I post. I ought to slap myself.
The great thing about Soba Noodle dishes is that they are often very versatile – you can eat them warm and fresh, or you can chuck the leftovers in the refrigerator and eat it cold for tomorrow's lunch. I personally enjoy having them in-between, at room temperature – that's how I have most of my salad-type dishes. I truly believe that at room temperature, flavors pop and shine through so much better than when a dish is cold. Unless we're talking about Pizza of course, but I'll save the pizza rambling for another day when I'm on the higher end of the bipolar spectrum.
Looks pretty good, eh? Well, it is. And you know me, I tell no lies. So be sure to check out my recipe for these Miso Tahini Soba Noodles at the bottom of the post! They're Vegan, Gluten Free, Bullsh*t Free, blahde blahdeey blah. Just make them, your tummy will thank you.
Crazy Vegan Kitchen Serves 2 Miso Tahini Soba Noodles Japanese inspired Soba Noodles with edamame, carrot and cucumber - tossed in a delicious Miso Tahini Dressing. Vegan and Gluten Free. 15 minPrep Time 5 minCook Time 20 minTotal Time Save Recipe Print Recipe My Recipes My Lists My Calendar Ingredients 6 oz 100% Buckwheat Soba Noodles
1 small Carrot, julienned
1/2 a Cucumber, julienned
1/2 cup shelled Edamame
1 tablespoon Black Sesame Seeds
2 Spring Onions, chopped
Miso Tahini Dressing:
1 teaspoon freshly grated Ginger
1 1/2 teaspoons Sesame Oil
1/4 cup Hulled Tahini
1 tablespoon + 1 teaspoon Shiro Miso (White Miso)
1/2 teaspoon Japanese Red Pepper Flakes
1 tablespoon Mirin
1 teaspoon Maple Syrup
1/4 teaspoon Salt
1/2 cup + 1 tablespoon warm Water Instructions Bring a pot of water to a boil. Cook Soba Noodles until tender. This will take about 4 minutes, don't overcook it! Once cooked, drain into a colander and rinse through with cold water. Transfer noodles to a large bowl filled with ice water whilst you prepare the dressing. This ensures that the strands don't clump up together. Prepare dressing by combining all ingredients in a bowl and whisking till smooth. Thoroughly drain Soba Noodles from ice water and toss into a large mixing bowl, along with julienned Carrot, julienned Cucumber, chopped Spring Onions and Black Sesame seeds. Dress noodles with prepared Miso Tahini Dressing and toss to combine. Enjoy! Notes & Other Shyt You Need To Know Leftovers can be kept in the refrigerator and enjoyed cold or at room temperature.
Try using Green Tea Soba Noodles (Cha Soba) for a tasty variation of this recipe. 7.8.0.1 63 http://www.crazyvegankitchen.com/miso-tahini-soba-noodles/
(Here's a shout out to Levan's new gaming blog Games Like Zone. Check it out if you're a fan of video games :))
Brianna Wu, a game developer who stood up for women facing harassment in the game industry, has decided to run for the U.S. House of Representatives. She hasn't officially announced she will run yet, but she posted the picture below on her Facebook page earlier today. And she confirmed via email that she is serious.
Wu, a Democrat, said the campaign hasn't officially kicked off yet, but she is assembling a team of advisers to help set her agenda.
“My main agenda will be economic. Here in Massachusetts, taxpayers spend an amazing amount on subsidizing education – particularly with infrastructure. But then students and entrepreneurs take that investment by our state to San Francisco or Austin,” she said. “I think we can do a much better job keeping startups here in our state. Also, look at the game industry, which has been devastated here in Boston with the loss of Irrational and others.
“I'd hope to serve on the House technology subcommittee. It was very disturbing to me to see members of the House tie the Mirai botnet (malware that hijacks computers) to the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), simply parroting special interests. It's an example of how our tech policy doesn't serve the American people. We need people making policy that actually understand technology, that understand the assault on our privacy. It's a national security issue, and we're failing badly.”
The image in the campaign poster says, “She fought the Alt.Right and won. Now she's fighting for all of us. Fearless leadership for 2018.”
Image Credit: Brianna Wu
Wu lives in the Boston area and runs the Giant Spacekat indie game studio with Amanda Warner in Boston. She has been an active blogger and podcaster on topics such as sexual harassment, gender rights, and Black Lives Matter.
During the Gamergate controversy, Wu was an outspoken figure, challenging haters on the Internet. Wu spoke at our GamesBeat 2015 conference about receiving 180 death threats during that time. She was also excited about virtual reality.
Wu started Giant Spacekat in 2010 with Warner, and they made Revolution 60, a game with an all-female cast. Wu said that Cory Doctorow, a science fiction author and co-editor of the blog Boing Boing, has agreed to be an adviser on her campaign. Wu said that if she decides to formally announce she is running, she would probably step back from her role at Giant Spacekat.
“I will be adding legal experts on cyber-bullying and revenge porn to my advising team soon,” she said. “The reason I decided to run is simple: [President-elect Donald] Trump is terrifyingly now in the White House. I can't sit by making pleasant video game distractions for the next four years while the constitution is under assault. Hillary [Clinton] ran a brave marathon, and now it's time for women of my generation to pick up that baton and commit to public service.”
But she also wants to transform more than the state she would represent.
“The other reason I'm running is because I'm ready for a bolder Democratic Party. I didn't personally support Sanders in the primary, but he tapped into a very powerful disconnect between our party's leadership and our base. We want leaders that will fight for us, and all too often the Democrats don't stand up to the fringe extreme of the Republican Party. I've been called a lot of names over my career, but I've never been told I'm scared of a fight. You know just how passionate I am about women in tech. But I believe we've hit an asymptote with what activism in tech can accomplish. People are aware of the problem, but all that's getting done is window dressing. We don't need more catered women in tech lunches, we don't need speeches – we need structural bias against us to stop. And I think women in tech serving in the legislative branch is the next step forward.”
“Slow” marine animals show their secret life under high magnification. Corals and sponges build coral reefs and play crucial roles in the biosphere, yet we know almost nothing about their daily lives. These animals are actually very mobile creatures, however their motion is only detectable at different time scales compared to ours and requires time lapses to be seen.
Make sure you watch it on a large screen! You won't be able to appreciate this clip or see individual cells moving in a sponge on a smartphone. This clip is displayed in Full HD, yet the source footage (or the whole clip), is available in UltraHD 4k resolution for media productions.
Visit my website to see more work: www.microworldsphotography.com
Learn more about what you see in this video: http://notes-from-dreamworlds.blogspot.com.au/2014/03/slow-life.html
The answer to a common question: yes, colors are “real” and not exaggerated by digital enhancement. I have only applied basic white balance correction. When photographers use white light on corals, they simply miss the vast majority of colors. Read more about fluorescence and why these corals are natural: http://notes-from-dreamworlds.blogspot.com.au/2013/06/fluorescent-colors-of-reef-coral.html
The duration of sequences varied from 20 minutes to 6+ hours.
=== Technical details ===
To make this little clip I took 150000 shots. Why so many? Because macro photography involves shallow depth of field. To extend it, I used focus stacking. Each frame of the video is actually a stack that consists of 3-12 shots where in-focus areas are merged. Just the intro and last scene are regular real-time footage. One frame required about 10 minutes of processing time (raw conversion + stacking). Unfortunately, the success rate was very low due to copious technical challenges and I spent almost 9 long months just to learn how to make these kinds of videos and understand how to work with these delicate creatures.
I am glad that I abandoned the idea of making this clip in 3D (with two cameras) – very few people have 3D screens and it doubles processing time.
Gear:
– Cameras: Canon 7D (died at the beginning of the project as I had overused it in my research), Canon 5d Mkiii (90% of footage is done with it)
– Lenses: Canon MP-E 65 mm lens, and a custom photomacrography rig (custom lenses are better for this type of task)
– Lights: adjustable custom-spectrum lamps (3 different models) – they were needed to recreate natural underwater illumination.
– several motorized stages, including StackShot for focus stacking. StackShot, is sadly not 100% reliable at all and kept destroying my footage.
– multiple computers to process thousands of 22+ Mpx raw images and perform focus stacking (an old laptop died on that mission after 3 weeks of continuous processing).
Edited in Sony Vegas, Adobe Photoshop CS6, Zerene Stacker, and Helicon Focus.
Music: Atmostra III by Cedric Baravaglio, Jonathan Ochmann and Zdravko Djordjevic.
=== Sharing/Use ===
Inquiries/licensing/press: find my contact details here: http://www.microworldsphotography.com/About
Please do not share this clip to promote or endorse marine aquarium industry. I simply want people to admire life, but not to be told to buy stuff, especially poses captive animals
More about using my videos:
http://www.microworldsphotography.com/Image-Use/Video-Use-and-Licensing
(consideration to buy a print from my website or to use the tip jar below the video is always welcome, but this option is better: https://secure.marineconservation.org.au/donate.php?campid=701900000006kqX)
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
If you've ever wondered how much money you'd make creating the biggest-selling manga ever in Japan, the answer is a lot. Good.
Eiichiro Oda doesn't sleep. The dude works hard. He seems to truly love creating One Piece.
A couple years back Japanese TV show Baka Furi looked into this and reported that Oda probably makes 3.1 billion yen (US$26 million) a year. Not bad! This figure was based on calculations that the show did, factoring in royalties, income earned from international licensing and character goods.
With the insane hours he pulls, I doubt he's doing it for the money, because goodness knows he doesn't have much free time to spend it.
Advertisement
Top image: Baka Furi via NWK News
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find him on Twitter@Brian_Ashcraft.
Racial inequality is not a trendy issue; it is an entrenched issue.
A year, or even two, of intense focus does not provide sufficient alteration of a condition in a country that has developed over centuries.
And so it is in this simmering wake of unfinished business that the Pew report lands.
It is the kind of report that demands more space that I can give it in a column, but please allow me to quote it here liberally, both the optimistic and pessimistic components of it, and to weigh in on it to the degree that I feel I must.
It is no surprise that whites and black would see racial issues and barriers to racial equality differently, or that differences would be manifest in the ideological divide between Democrats and Republicans.
What is more worrisome is how far apart whites and blacks are in their optimism about race relations improving. As the report puts it:
An overwhelming majority of blacks (88 percent) say the country needs to continue making changes for blacks to have equal rights with whites, but 43 percent are skeptical that such changes will ever occur. An additional 42 percent of blacks believe that the country will eventually make the changes needed for blacks to have equal rights with whites, and just 8 percent say the country has already made the necessary changes.
It continues:
A much lower share of whites (53 percent) say the country still has work to do for blacks to achieve equal rights with whites, and only 11 percent express doubt that these changes will come. Four in 10 whites believe the country will eventually make the changes needed for blacks to have equal rights, and about the same share (38 percent) say enough changes have already been made.
This gulf in optimism is incredibly troubling. What happens to a people when they stop believing, stop hoping, stop trusting that a concerted effort toward improvement will bear fruit?
Part of the problem here is that white and black people have such vastly divergent views about the lived black experience in America. According to the report:
By large margins, blacks are more likely than whites to say black people are treated less fairly in the workplace (a difference of 42 percentage points), when applying for a loan or mortgage (41 points), in dealing with the police (34 points), in the courts (32 points), in stores or restaurants (28 points), and when voting in elections (23 points). By a margin of at least 20 percentage points, blacks are also more likely than whites to say racial discrimination (70 percentversus 36 percent), lower quality schools (75 percent versus 53 percent) and lack of jobs (66 percent versus 45 percent) are major reasons that blacks may have a harder time getting ahead than whites.
These gaps are enormous. The question is whether or not these divergent beliefs are also intractable. If we can't come to an agreement on the basic facts of life, how on earth can we come to an agreement on the fundamentals of a united path forward?
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Survivors of the massacre are being treated in hospital
Twenty people have been murdered and several others wounded at a Sufi shrine near the city of Sargodha, in Pakistan's Punjab province, police say.
Deputy police commissioner Liaquat Ali Chatta said the main suspect was the shrine's custodian, Abdul Waheed.
One survivor told police Mr Waheed had called followers into his chamber one by one and drugged them.
He and his companions then killed them with a dagger and a stick.
"As they kept arriving, they were torturing and murdering them," Mr Chattha told Pakistan's Geo TV.
The alarm was raised by an injured woman who was among several victims who managed to escape.
Local police then rushed to the shrine and arrested Mr Waheed, along with several others believed to be his accomplices.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Police believe the victims were deliberately summoned to the shrine before being killed
Image copyright EPA Image caption Relatives of the victims looked on as the bodies were recovered
One senior police officer said the suspect appeared to be mentally unstable, and that the killings could be related to rivalry for control of the shrine.
"The 50-year-old shrine custodian Abdul Waheed has confessed that he killed these people because he feared that they had come to kill him," Zulfiqar Hameed told AFP news agency.
The BBC's Secunder Kermani in Islamabad says the custodian had set himself up as a Sufi spiritual leader.
"Residents have been reported as saying he would regularly beat his disciples. He would make them strip off... and would burn their clothes," he said.
Pervaiz Haider, a hospital doctor, said most of the victims were hit on the back of the neck.
"There are bruises and wounds inflicted by a club and dagger on the bodies of victims," he told Reuters news agency.
According to a survivor, the alarm was raised by children who had witnessed the violence through a door. Adult devotees then attacked the suspects.
Sufism is a mystical branch of Islam which spread throughout the Indian subcontinent in the 13th Century.
Sufis believe in saints who can intercede for them directly with God. Several million Muslims in Pakistan are believed to follow Sufism's tenets.
NOTE: Data through 1990-91 are for institutions of higher education, while later data are for degree-granting institutions. Degree-granting institutions grant associate's or higher degrees and participate in Title IV federal financial aid programs. The degree-granting classification is very similar to the earlier higher education classification, but it includes more 2-year colleges and excludes a few higher education institutions that did not grant degrees. (See Appendix A: Guide to Sources for details.) The new Classification of Instructional Programs was initiated in 2009-10. The figures for earlier years have been reclassified when necessary to make them conform to the new taxonomy. To facilitate trend comparisons, certain aggregations have been made of the degree fields as reported in the IPEDS "Completions Survey": "Agriculture and natural resources" includes Agriculture, agriculture operations, and related sciences and Natural resources and conservation; "Business" includes Business, management, marketing, and related support services and Personal and culinary services; and "Engineering technologies" includes Engineering technologies and engineering-related fields, Construction trades, and Mechanic and repair technologies/technicians.
A previous version of this report incorrectly described Fox News as a unit of News Corp. It is a property of 21st Century Fox. News Corp is the parent of MarketWatch and other Dow Jones properties. The two organizations existed under the same corporate umbrella until 2013.
Getty Images
Ivanka Trump's signature perfume is the best seller on retail giant Amazon.
Ivanka Trump Eau de Parfum Spray For Women ($34 for a 3.4-ounce bottle) was No. 1 on Amazon's AMZN, +0.21% list of best-selling fragrances and perfume for at least the sixth consecutive day. One reviewer wrote: “I normally buy this at Nordstrom. But now that I heard they will not carry it anymore, I was happy to find it on Amazon.” (Radha Beauty Aromatherapy was at No. 2 on Amazon's list.) The recent success of Ivanka Trump's perfume on Amazon, particularly after her products were dropped from other stores, suggests the “resistance economy” to boycott products associated with the family of President Trump can help a brand as well as hurt it.
The success of Ivanka Trump's perfume on Amazon suggests the ‘resistance economy' to boycott products associated with the family of President Trump can help a brand as well as hurt it.
Nordstrom Inc. JWN, +1.74% said earlier this month that its own widely reported decision to cut Ivanka Trump's fashion brand from its lineup was also purely a business decision and not based on such protests as the #GrabYourWallet campaign. The company said sales of Ivanka Trump footwear and apparel fell 32% last year. “Each year we cut about 10% and refresh our assortment with about the same amount,” the company told MarketWatch. President Trump tweeted in response: “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!”
That commercial decision became a political issue when Trump's senior adviser Kellyanne Conway during a TV appearance urged viewers to buy Ivanka Trump products. Such a statement potentially violates federal ethics regulations that prohibit federal employees from making endorsements, Republican House Oversight Committee leader Jason Chaffetz said. Conway, appearing remotely for “Fox & Friends,” told viewers they should “go buy Ivanka stuff.” CNN later reported that Conway had apologized to Trump for the remarks.
Don't miss: Demand surges for George Orwell's ‘1984'
There has been a drip feed of stories about Trump products being dropped by major retailers. Also this month, Brian Hanover, a spokesman for Sears Holding Corp., which also owns Kmart, told the Reuters news agency, that it was discontinuing 31 Trump Home brand products online. “As part of the company's initiative to optimize its online product assortment, we constantly refine that assortment to focus on our most profitable items,” he said. “Amid that streamlining effort, 31 Trump Home items were among the items removed online this week.” (Both Hanover and a spokesperson for Trump Home brand did not respond to request for comment.)
Other department stores were under pressure to rethink their relationship with the Trump brand. Neiman Marcus, Macy's Inc. M, +1.48% , T.J. Maxx TJX, +0.65% and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.43% are also on a list of retailers named by the online #GrabYourWallet campaign to boycott for carrying Trump family products. “Neiman Marcus has a very small Ivanka Trump precious jewelry business which is [composed] 100% of consigned merchandise,” a Neiman Marcus representative told MarketWatch earlier this month. “Based on productivity, we continuously assess whether our brands are carried in stores, on our website, or both.”
Trump's election as U.S. president also became a flashpoint for celebrities who backed out of his inauguration — and some companies, including L.L. Bean — particularly on social media. “It is due to the proliferation, speed and reach of social media that we perceive the resistance economy as a growing phenomenon in 2017,” Ryann Reynolds-McIlnay, assistant professor of merchandising management at Oregon State University, told MarketWatch. But she also said that, as with the recent jump in sales of Ivanka Trump's perfume, this politically driven #GrabYourWallet campaigning can cut both ways.
(This story was originally published on Feb. 18, 2017.)
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
If you are looking for healthy, fresh food, grown locally there are more options than ever before. This website helps you to find the type of farm market you're seeking, in your own local area; whether it is a farm stand, a farm's market, sold from the farm house or just a roadside stand; as long as it is fresh and locally produced. You can find farm markets that grow local, grow organically, offer a sustainable agriculture or the type of fruit, vegetables and other produce you want.
Our listings come from a variety of sources: state agriculture departments, consumers writing in to recommend a market or farm stand, and the farmer's themselves. We update and add listings every day. Since this website just went live in March 2009, we're adding listings at a ferocious pace! It should take us a few months to get up to a fairly complete set of listings. Of course, we're looking for more farm markets to add, so we welcome your recommendations! ! Customers can recommend a farm here and farmers can add (or update/correct) their own farm's listing by clicking here!
Our sister website, PickYourOwn.org has crop calendars for each local area to tell you what is available to pick throughout the year and really easy illustrated directionsto show you how to make jam, jelly, salsa, pickles, spaghetti sauce, applesauce, apple butter and 150 other recipes with step-by-step step directions to can, freeze, dry or preserve the harvest.
How to find a good, real local farmer's market
It's quite simple! Start by clicking the "Start here" button (at the top of every page or on the left menu). You then select your local area (country, state/province) and then region/county or local metropolitan area. Just scroll down the page that appears, to see farm markets listed by county.
Items of special interest, such as organic foods, foods grown locally, special events are highlighted in colors to make them stand out.
The search engine (see the button at the top of each page) can be helpful, too.
Note: we don't consider large commercial "big box" food store chains like Whole Foods to be real farmer's markets, even if they include that in their name.
(Other countries are further down this page)
[ Alabama ] [ Alaska ] [ Arkansas ] [ Arizona ] [ California ] [ Colorado ] [ Connecticut ] [ Delaware ] [ Florida ] [ Georgia ] [ Hawaii ] [ Idaho ] [ Illinois ] [ Indiana ] [ Iowa ] [ Kansas ] [ Kentucky ] [ Louisiana ] [ Maine ] [ Maryland ] [ Massachusetts ] [ Michigan ] [ Minnesota ] [ Mississippi ] [ Missouri ] [Montana] [Nebraska] [ New Hampshire ] [ New Jersey ] [ New Mexico ] [ New York ] [ North Carolina ] [ North Dakota ] [ Nevada ] [ Ohio ] [ Oklahoma ] [ Oregon ] [ Pennsylvania ] [ Rhode Island ] [ South Carolina ] [ South Dakota ] [ Tennessee ] [ Texas ] [ Utah ] [ Vermont ] [ Virginia ] [ Washington state ] [ West Virginia ] [ Wisconsin ] [ Wyoming ]
Farm Markets Outside the U.S.
[ Australia ] [ Canada ] [Germany] [Italy] [Japan] [ South Africa ] [ New Zealand ] [ United Kingdom ] [ Adding a Farm outside of North America ] Looking for pick your own farms in other countries? Living in another country, such as France, Italy (Italia), Germany (Deutschland), Nederlands, or Sweden? Help me compile a list for your country - just write me!
Want to recommend a farm market to add?
We're always looking for more farmer's markets, farm stands and farm markets to add. As long as they offer fresh produce (fruit vegetables, meats, homemade items) we welcome them. Listings are free!
Which form to use?
What are the advantages of shopping at a local farmer's market?
Three words sum up the advantages: "local" and "farm market".
Shopping locally means you'll
save gas, which means saving money, and create less less pollution in your drive,
pollute less, as the food does not need to be transported from a distance,
eat fresher food, with higher vitamin levels, as less time passes from harvesting to purchasing,
eat tastier food; again, as less time passes from harvesting to purchasing,
eat healthier food: since it does not need to be shipped, and it will be purchased sooner, less (or none) fungicides are needed.
Shopping at a genuine farmer's market means you'll be closer to the source of your food, get to know the farms, the farmers, the people who produce the food that you eat, and put into your family's bodies. They are more likely to listen to your needs and be socially responsible, than a giant ag farm in a foreign country.
Related News, Facts, Tips and Resources
Picking Tips
[General picking tips and a guide to each fruit and vegetable] [How much do I need to pick? (Yields - how much raw makes how much cooked or frozen)] [Selecting the right varieties to pick] [All about apple varieties - which to pick and why!] [Picking tips for Vegetables] [ Strawberry picking tips] [ Blueberries picking tips]
Illustrated Canning, Freezing, Jam Instructions and Recipes
[ All About Home Canning, Freezing and Making Jams, Pickles, Sauces, etc. ] [FAQs - Answers to common questions and problems] [Recommended books about home canning, jam making, drying and preserving!] [Free canning publications to download and print]
Easy Preserving Directions - How to...
Western Europe is on high alert after attackers launched twin assaults in Belgium's capital Brussels with bombs ripping through the airport and the underground metro line.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as ISIS) said it was responsible for the attacks that killed more than 30 people and left about 200 others wounded - many in critical condition.
Belgium's federal prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw said there were at least two suicide bombers involved in the airport attack, and a manhunt was on for a third caught on security video.
Police were going door-to-door throughout Brussels searching for suspects or others planning attacks. The interior minister said 600 additional police were deployed.
"This is an attack against our values, our freedom, and our democracy," Brussels Mayor Ivan Mayeur said at a press conference. "We won't let anyone attack our values in a cowardly way."
ISIL later claimed responsibility for Tuesday morning's attacks.
"Islamic State fighters opened fire inside Zaventem Airport, before several of them detonated their explosive belts, as a martyrdom bomber detonated his explosive belt in the Maalbeek metro station," reported the Amaq website, which is affiliated with ISIL.
The explosions struck the heart of European officialdom where NATO headquarters is based, along with the European Union, and European Commission.
Footage from the airport - the country's largest - showed people running from the terminal building as plumes of smoke rose to the sky. Fourteen people were killed and more than 90 wounded with the casualty toll steadily rising on Tuesday.
Europe on high alert after Brussels attacks
All metro lines were shut down after the attacks. Victims were seen fleeing with blood-splattered faces at the central Maelbeek station. At least 20 people were killed in the underground train blasts.
Andrzej Nowakowski, a British citizen who works at the European Parliament, narrowly avoided being on the train that was bombed. "I was cursing because I missed the metro by two seconds, but it turns out I missed an explosion," he told Al Jazeera.
The interior ministry raised the country's terrorism alert to the highest level after the blasts and Brussels' crisis centre told people: "Stay where you are".
Dr Marc Decramer, head of the Gasthuisberg Leuven university hospital, told local media that some people suffered wounds from flying nails.
"At this moment we are treating 11 victims, most of them are severely injured. We are treating them for fractures, burns and deep lacerations. These lacerations are the result of glass shards from the explosions, and nails placed inside the bombs," Decramer said.
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel called for unity as details continued to emerge.
"We are facing a difficult, challenging time and we should face up to this challenge by being united," he said. "What we feared has happened, we were hit by blind attacks."
Early reports from witnesses said they heard gunshots fired at the airport. Belgium's federal prosecutor Van Leeuw confirmed a Kalashnikov assault rifle was found there.
A member of the European Parliament, Steven Woolfe, spoke to Al Jazeera moments after the blast at the metro station, just metres away from the European Union headquarters.
"I was sitting in my flat when a bomb exploded opposite the street. The walls shook for a second, I heard horns blasting, cars breaking, and people screaming," Woolfe said. "Police and military were everywhere, sirens went off non-stop. They urged everyone to go indoors as rapidly as possible."
Belgium has been on high alert since the arrest in Brussels last week of Salah Abdeslam, a key suspect in last November's Paris attacks that left 130 people dead.
Governments in Europe and beyond quickly responded to the Brussels attacks, calling emergency national security meetings and stepping up controls at airports and other sensitive sites.
Dave Keating and Georgia Littlefield contributed to this report from Brussels
0 Search underway for missing Orlando mother, police say
ORLANDO, Fla. - Orlando police are searching for a missing mother they believe could be in danger, investigators said.
Police are searching for Donna Lea Jones, 50, who could be driving a white Toyota Rav4. Police did not give a license tag number.
Police said she goes by “Lea.”
Police have not said when she disappeared, but neighbors told Channel 9's Field Sutton they last saw her Monday.
Photos: High-profile Central Florida missing persons cases
Neighbors told Eyewitness News that Jones babysitter reported her missing when she didn't pick up her child.
Police have not released any information on where she lives or why she might be endangered.
Call 911 or Crimeline at 407-423-8477 if you have any information on her whereabouts.
Follow Channel 9's Field Sutton on Twitter for updates and watch Eyewitness News at 4 p.m.
Another pic of 50yo Lea Jones who's missing in #Orlando. Gone since Monday. #WFTV pic.twitter.com/9wZmINLVq8 — Field Sutton (@FSuttonWFTV) October 25, 2017
Neighbors tell me they last saw Jones Monday morning walking in her neighborhood. #WFTV pic.twitter.com/HqLrrEXJrv — Field Sutton (@FSuttonWFTV) October 25, 2017
Neighbors tell me her daughter's babysitter reported her missing her when she didn't return Monday evening. #WFTV https://t.co/HxvXczSSZR — Field Sutton (@FSuttonWFTV) October 25, 2017
I'm told Jones' daughter is safe and being cared for as friends continue to be worried about her mom's whereabouts. #WFTV — Field Sutton (@FSuttonWFTV) October 25, 2017
Lea Jones drives a white 2014 Toyota RAV4 similar to this one. pic.twitter.com/ldsiLCV41V — Field Sutton (@FSuttonWFTV) October 25, 2017
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Date Published: 31 May 15
Soldiers & Leaders,
Tomorrow an ALARACT message will be distributed which outlines the wear, availability and issue of Army Combat Uniform bearing the Operational Camouflage Pattern. You have until October 1, 2019 to begin wearing the uniform. I've attached a pocket guide and other clarifying diagrams to help you understand your responsibilities. There are four things I want to highlight for you:
1.) The Operational Camouflage Pattern will be available for purchase in Military Clothing Sales Stores beginning in the summer of 2015.
Stores will receive the uniforms over a period of six months from July to November 2015, and new Soldiers will receive Operational Camouflage Pattern ACUs beginning in January 2016.
2.) Enlisted Soldiers should begin acquiring an inventory of ACU's with the Operational Camouflage Pattern as they receive their annual clothing allowance.
All active duty enlisted Soldiers receive an annual stipend for the purchase of uniforms and accessories. I myself will wait until I am issued my clothing allowance before purchasing a uniform with the Operational Camouflage Pattern. I encourage you to do the same by budgeting for a new uniform, belt, boots, and t-shirts as you receive your clothing allowance over the next 2-3 years. The cost of the uniform in the Operational Camouflage Pattern will be similar to the cost of the uniform in the Universal Camouflage Pattern.
Uniforms and equipment in the Operational Camouflage Pattern will be available for U.S. Army National Guard, U.S. Army Reserve, and Senior Reserve Officer Training Corps in Summer 2016.
3.) Soldiers are authorized to mix and match t-shirts, belts, and boots with either the Operation Enduring Freedom Camouflage Pattern or the Operational Camouflage Pattern during the transition period – expected to run through 1 October 2019.
To further ease the change, Soldiers who already have Flame Resistant ACUs in the Operational Enduring Freedom Camouflage Pattern will be authorized to wear them during the transition. ACUs in the Universal Camouflage Pattern will be authorized for wear until 2019 as well.
During this transition period, several uniforms and variations will be authorized in our formations. Presenting a professional appearance is very important to us as Soldiers, but we will not inconvenience or burden you during this calculated transition period. We will still be the most lethal fighting force the world has even known if our belts or t-shirts don't match for the next few years.
4.) In addition to the camouflage pattern change, the Operational Camouflage Pattern ACUs will incorporate minor design changes.
These improvements were a result of Soldier feedback. Changes include redesigned shoulder sleeve pockets with a zipper opening, no trouser drawstring, a button on the lower calf pocket, two pen pockets on the sleeve instead of three, and the elimination of the elbow and knee patch hook and loop (see attached Summary of Changes).
Pocket Guide: Operational Camouflage Pattern – POCKET GUIDE or copy and paste this link into your web browser https://ako.us.army.mil/suite/doc/44835743
– Daniel A. Dailey
15th Sergeant Major of the Army
Panthers defensive end Greg Hardy will look into the possibility of immediate reinstatement to play for Carolina after learning his domestic violence appeal trial set for November is being postponed until sometime after the NFL season, a source told ESPN's Ed Werder.
Bleacher Report earlier reported that Hardy would look into potential reinstatement.
The Nov. 17 domestic violence trial for Panthers defensive end Greg Hardy has been postponed until after the season, a league source told ESPN.com. AP Photo/Bob Leverone
Hardy does not know what the chances are that commissioner Roger Goodell will consider accommodating the request, the source told Werder. Only Goodell can reinstate Hardy from the commissioner's exempt list. The defensive end has been ineligible to practice or to play, but still receives his full weekly game checks.
Hardy's trial was originally scheduled for Nov. 17. The new trial date has not been set, a source said.
Before the third game of the regular season, Hardy was placed on the exempt list until his case was resolved. Unless he is taken off that list, his season, and possibly his tenure with the team, is over.
The 2013 Pro Bowl selection is making $13 million under the franchise tag and is scheduled to become an unrestricted free agent following this year.
Carolina coach Ron Rivera recently said Hardy hasn't been at the stadium since being placed on the list, but not because the team "asked him to stay away."
Rivera had maintained optimism the team's 2013 sack leader will be reinstated once his domestic violence case was heard.
Hardy's attorney, Chris Fialko, said on July 15 when he announced the player would appeal the guilty verdict of a Mecklenburg County judge that there are several older cases that might push Hardy's into 2015.
Hardy was arrested and charged with assaulting and threatening ex-girlfriend Nicole Holder in May. He played in the first game, but was placed on the inactive list before the second game after Ray Rice was released by Baltimore the day a video of his assaulting his wife was released.
Hardy went on the inactive list the following Wednesday.
"I believe, from what I've been told, he's been working out and doing the thing he needs to do," Rivera recently said. "Hopefully, when things are all worked out and everything comes to a conclusion everybody can go forward."
Asked if he had any idea when Hardy might return to Bank of America Stadium, Rivera said, "At the appropriate time."
Information from ESPN.com Panthers reporter David Newton was used in this report.
Our relationship with Japan has improved considerably over the last several decades, but this chummy relationship definitely has its limits, which manifests specifically inAmerica's unwillingness to sell Japan any of our new F-22s. That's why Japan has decided to build a better warbird than the Raptor, all on its own.
Our refusal to share the new plane wasn't the only factor. The primary reason was that, at the start of the century, the Japanese Self Defense Force's stable of Mitsubishi F-2s and and F-15s were quickly becoming obsolete, hence their overtures of buying a few Raptors from the US. Upon that refusal, Japan took it upon itself to domestically develop a 5th Generation stealth fighter jet to augment its aging flyers. And after nearly a decade of development, the initial prototype for the platform is nearly ready to fly: the ATD-X (Advance Technology Demonstrator-X), nicknamed ShinShin ("Spirit"), a technological testbed and showcase for Japan's most cutting-edge avionics.
Advertisement
The ATD-X, being a single-seat demonstrator, measures 46.5 feet long with a 30 foot wingspan—that's only 1/3 the size of what the production aircraft would measure. But despite its chibi size, the ATD-X is loaded with among the most advanced flight systems on Earth.
While many of its systems are still under wraps, initial reports suggest that its engines will utilize 3D thrust vectoring to help control the aircraft while lessening its reliance on aerodynamic control surfaces. the engines themselves are thought to be incredibly powerful, especially given their slender stature. As Aviation Week explains,
The power of the IHI demonstrator engine is surprising. It would generate 50% more thrust than the General Electric F414, two of which power the BoeingF/A-18E/F Super Hornet. The Super Hornet's thrust is not notably high for its empty mass, 14.6 tons (32,100 lb.), but in a twin-engine installation the output of the IHI demonstrator would be abundant for a larger, budget-straining aircraft. It does seem that Japan is looking for a twin aircraft: In a single installation, the engine would be adequate for only a modestly sized fighter, hardly suitable as an F-15 replacement.
Advertisement
The ATD-X is also rumored to employ fly by optics controls, which is like fly-by-wire but using the massive increase in data throughput speeds that fiber optic cables provide. What's more, fiber optics aren't affected by EMP blasts, thereby fortifying the aircraft against such attacks. And in addition to its Multifunction RF Sensor, which handles both electronic countermeasures (signal jamming) and electronic support measures (signal boosting), the entire skin of the plane may be impregnated with antennas to help actively reflect radar beams, making the plane as stealthy as it wants to be. And while the demonstrator isn't armed, there have been rumors that the production fighter might be outfitted with microwave-based weaponry.
The most fascinating system however may well be the proposed Self-Repairing Flight Control Capability. This electronic nervous system will be able to detect faults and damage to the aircraft's flight control surfaces and recalibrate, while in flight, the remaining control surfaces so as to maintain control of the aircraft.
Advertisement
The JASDF expects the STD-X's maiden test flight to take place later this year. If everything goes according to schedule, the 5th gen fighter, dubbed the F-3, will enter production around 2027. [PopSci - Aviation Week - Janes - Wiki - Defence Aviation]
Top image: Hunini
Fisheries industries have emerged with "mixed feelings" after a meeting of European Union ministers in Brussels at the weekend agreed to raise certain fishing quotas by up to 200 percent in 2012.
Ministers rejected proposals to ban cod catches in the Irish Sea and the straits between Sweden and Denmark, and agreed to allow German fishermen to catch 140 percent more herring next year.
They also agreed to raise the number of haddock catches in the North Atlantic eight times higher than the European Commission had proposed.
"The Commission held onto this radical proposal of a 25 percent increase until the very last minute," said Javier Garat, president of fisheries lobby, Europeche, in an interview with Deutsche Welle. "They changed their position in the end and it would have been difficult to get a better result."
Britain was able to slow plans to reduce the number of days UK fishermen could spend at sea in 2012 to about four days every two weeks. And instead of the proposed ban on cod catches in the Irish Sea and between Sweden and Denmark, ministers accepted cuts of 25 and 30 percent respectively.
The UK fishing industry opposed a reduction in the number of days vessels can stay at sea
"We demanded a balance between conservation and socio-economic issues because the EU is crazy - it always forgets about the people," said Garat.
Scientific loop-hole
But conservationists say EU ministers have forgotten about the science.
"They ignored 41 percent of the scientific recommendations," Javier Lopez, a marine scientist with Oceana, told Deutsche Welle.
Oceana says the final deal puts catch limits at more than 20 percent above the maximum level recommended by the European Commission and will destabilize efforts to end decades of overfishing.
The group says the deal will further reduce fish stocks and damage the long -term profitability and viability of fishing communities.
"We're most concerned about the management plan," said Lobez. "Maximum Sustainable Yield (MSY) figures might allow the increased catch, but the EU's management plan does not - they found a loop -hole."
Economic pressure
Germany's federal agriculture secretary, Robert Kloos, cited this year's rejuvenated North Sea herring stocks to justify the 2012 quota of 405,000 tons.
The quota for North Sea plaice was also increased 15 percent.
Economic issues forced EU ministers to put people before fish
Cuts were made elsewhere, including a 15 percent cut for North Sea coalfish.
Overall, fisheries representatives in the north of Germany suggested that they were able to secure better quotas than they had anticipated.
Responding to the 140 percent increase for herring, Lorenz Marckwardt of the fisheries association of the German state of Schleswig -Holstein said "one hundred percent would have been plenty."
The lobby group Europeche says the deal reflects the EU's current economic crisis.
"If the EU was in a better economic position, we could think more about conservation," said Garat, "but we have to think about the people too."
Poland's deputy agriculture minister Tadeusz Nalewajk, who led the talks in Brussels, said ministers had struck the right balance between the needs of the fisheries sector and the protection of stocks and the management of limited resources.
Oceana's Javier Lopez said EU ministers used the economic crisis as an excuse to disregard a fisheries management plan.
"The downward economic trend has exerted a great pressure," said Lobez, "and the result is short-sighted policy."
Author: Zulfikar Abbany
Editor: Nathan Witkop
In a rare dual interview, Larry Page and Sergey Brin reveal that a young Google could have sold out to Excite, and explain how computers will enable us all to work less
When Google's founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, sat down for a rare frank and open chat with the veteran technology venture capitalist Vinod Khosla, they admitted, among other things, that Google is interested in healthcare but scared of its intense regulation.
Page and Brin displayed their quite different personalities: Brin the maverick and head of Google X – who attempted to kite-board his way to the interview - and Page the business-focused executive now CEO.
The dynamic duo has been together for 16 years, and described their relationship as a bit like an old married couple. “You don't get agitated about one little thing or another,” said Brin. “We work through it.”
Google almost sold to Excite
Before the company had really started becoming the dominant search engine and the portal to the web, Google almost sold itself to a search engine company called Excite.
“We had developed this technology we called PageRank – sadly, not BrinRank,” said Brin. “By itself, it wasn't really a complete search engine. What we had just searched titles of webpages and ranked them quite well.”
“We showed it to a bunch of the existing search companies back then. Some of you might remember them - Infoseek, Excite, Lycos. And probably, the greatest interest came from Excite,” said Brin explaining that, “in the end, I don't think the management team there was quite as excited about it - no pun intended.”
While Page explained that the search companies at the time didn't “believe in search” the way Google did, Brin also put it down to Excite's company ethos and the way it treated the company's founders.
“Do you remember the founders' dungeon?” asked Brin. “Here are these offices, so we go downstairs, and they locked away this one founder. I don't remember which one it was. He's in a little closet downstairs.
“I don't know how long I would've stayed, to be honest."
Spread betting, because not everything has to pay off
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Google Project Loon balloon on the ground. Photograph: Marty Melville/AFP/Getty Images
Google has often been accused of having too many irons in the fire. On the outside it is seen as a bit scattershot, its products covering everything from communications and search to health, robots, internet balloons and self-driving cars.
“I would always have this debate with Steve Jobs. He'd be like, 'You guys are doing too much stuff.' And I'd be like, 'Yeah that's true.' And he was right, in some sense,” explained Page. “I think it sounds stupid if you have this big company, and you can only do five things.”
“We try to invest, at least, in the places where we see a good fit to our company. But that could be many, many bets, and only a few of them need to pay off,” explained Brin.
Head of Google X – Google's semi-secret facility dedicated to making major technological advancements – Brin sees his role as making the “big bets” hoping that some of them pay off separate from Google's core search and advertising business.
Self-driving cars could unlock cities
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google's new self-driving car prototype. Photograph: Reuters
Google X's the most high-profile project of the last three months has been a new purpose-built prototype of its self-driving car. Brin hopes that it can be a “really dramatic change” society but only if we migrate away from car ownership.
“So much of our land in most cities, about 30% to 50% is parking, which is a tremendous waste. Also, the roads themselves, which are both congested and take a lot of space are just unpleasant,” explained Brin. “So with self-driving cars, you don't really need much in the way of parking, because you don't need one car per person. They just come and get you when you need them.”
Brin believes that self-driving cars could also more efficiently use the resources like roads that we already have – a particular problem in congested Britain.
“They can form trains. They can go at high speed, perhaps much higher than our highway speeds here. Fundamentally, they can just make much more efficient use of the space and therefore, people's time. So I think that can be really transformative,” concluded Brin.
Health has potential but intense regulation is ‘just a painful business'
Google's recent moves in heath, including Google Fit and a plethora of apps, have followed an increasing trend that has seen both large and small technology companies migrating towards the business of health and medicine.
The health market could be a larger business than both search and media – the healthcare industry in the US alone hit around $3 trillion in 2013. While Brin sees great potential in health, regulation is a massive barrier.
“Generally, health is just so heavily regulated. It's just a painful business to be in,” Bring explained. “I think the regulatory burden in the US is so high that think it would dissuade a lot of entrepreneurs.”
Along with Google Fit, the search giant launched a company called Calico, an independent biotechnology research firm which focuses on health and longevity.
“I am really excited about the possibility of data also, to improve health,” said Page. “Imagine you had the ability to search people's medical records in the US.”
“I imagine that would save 10,000 lives in the first year,” said Page warning that with current legislation “that's almost impossible to do because of HIPPA [Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act]. I do worry that we regulate ourselves out of some really great possibilities that are certainly on the data-mining end.”
Computers are still pretty bad
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Motorola Moto 360 smartwatch is one of the latest running Google's new Android Wear software. Photograph: Jeff Chiu/AP
Google started on the desktop with search but the company has rapidly expanded into other computing areas including mobile devices with Android smartphones and tablets, the new Android Wear smartwatches and Google Glass smartglasses.
For Brin and Page, computers and mobile devices just aren't efficient uses of time at the moment:
“You're just messing around. You're scrolling on your touchscreen phone, and trying to find stuff. You're in a car. It's bouncy, and you can't – it doesn't really work,” said Page.
“I think the actual amount of knowledge you get out of your computer versus the amount of time you spend with it is still pretty bad. So I think our job is to solve that, and most of the things we're doing make sense in that context,” explained Brin.
Google sees search and intelligent information delivery as the key to changing that, getting to the information you need faster and more efficiently though machine understanding search topics and the answers to questions.
Google's efforts go beyond search, however, and towards providing users with information at the right time without them having to ask for it.
“If you look at things like Google Now also. Maybe you want to just have [a question] answered for you before you ask it,” said Page explaining that the “I'm feeling lucky” button was originally meant to fill that role, but it was “kind of obtuse naming of the feature”.
AI and fully reasoning AI - Brain project
One of the advances that has powered intelligent information delivery for Google has been artificial intelligence (AI). The company hit the headlines at the beginning of the year with the acquisition of a UK AI powerhouse called Deep Mind lead by former child chess prodigy and Theme Park game programmer Demis Hassabis.
Google has several projects within AI ongoing beyond its core search product, explained Brin:
“There's, for example, the brain project, which is really machine-learning focused. It takes input, such as vision. In fact, we've been using it for the self-driving cars.”
“And then, there's more general intelligence, like the DeepMind acquisition that - in theory - we hope will one day be fully reasoning AI,” explained Brin saying that creating true artificial intelligence as most people understand it – a machine that can learn and think for itself – is the goal.
“Obviously, computer scientists have been promising that for decades and not at all delivered. So I think it would be foolish of us to make prognoses about that,” said Brin. “[But] you should presume that someday, we will be able to make machines that can reason, think and do things better than we can.”
Robots taking over society '90% of people used to be farmers'
The Atlas humanoid robot is just one of the Boston Dynamics stable of advanced robotic platforms acquired by Google. Photograph: Boston Dynamics
Google is acutely aware that with the rise of intelligent robots jobs could be at risk, as machines could replace humans in more than just manufacturing industries.
“I do think that a lot of the things that people do have been, over the past century, replaced by machines and will continue to be,” said Brin with Page adding, “90% of people used to be farmers. So it's happened before. It's not surprising.”
In Page's view robots and machines should be able to provide a “time of abundance” where everyone's basic needs could be met relatively easily.
“I was talking to Richard Branson about this. They don't have enough jobs in the UK. He's been trying to get people to hire two part-time people instead of one full-time. So at least, the young people can have a half-time job rather than no job,” said Page.
With a more productive or efficient society aided by machines you could “just reduce work time,” according to Page, who explained that he had floated the idea of an extra week or two of holiday or a four-day work week frequently in the past with universal approval.
“Most people like working, but they'd also like to have more time with their family or to pursue their own interests,” said Page saying that by reducing the workweek you could spread jobs across more people.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The full interview.
• What is Boston Dynamics and why is Google interested in robots?
• Things to remember about the 'right to be forgotten' as Google removes links
Yesterday, Democratic lawmakers released another plank in their “Better Deal” agenda. The policy proposals included focus on strengthening workers' collective voice and ability to negotiate for better wages and working conditions. These are critical components of any meaningful attempt to reform an economy that is rigged against working people. They are essential to creating a fair economy. And they stand in stark contrast to Republican efforts to further advantage those at the top with a tax proposal that would provide 80 percent of its benefits to the top 1 percent—households that currently have incomes of around $730,000 or more.
While the Republican tax proposals will do nothing to help boost workers' wages or overall economic leverage, today's “Better Deal” agenda would help to address these issues by promoting workers' freedom to organize and bargain collectively. The steady decline in unionization over the last 40 years has led to rising inequality and stagnant wages for the American middle class. Not only do union workers earn higher wages, unions have strong positive effects on the wages of comparable nonunion workers, as unions help to set standards for industries and occupations.
Figure A Union membership and share of income going to the top 10 percent, 1917–2015 Year Union membership Share of income going to the top 10 percent 1917 11.0% 40.3% 1918 12.1% 39.9% 1919 14.3% 39.5% 1920 17.5% 38.1% 1921 17.6% 42.9% 1922 14.0% 42.9% 1923 11.7% 40.6% 1924 11.3% 43.3% 1925 11.0% 44.2% 1926 10.7% 44.1% 1927 10.6% 44.7% 1928 10.4% 46.1% 1929 10.1% 43.8% 1930 10.7% 43.1% 1931 11.2% 44.4% 1932 11.3% 46.3% 1933 9.5% 45.0% 1934 9.8% 45.2% 1935 10.8% 43.4% 1936 11.1% 44.8% 1937 18.6% 43.3% 1938 23.9% 43.0% 1939 24.8% 44.6% 1940 23.5% 44.4% 1941 25.4% 41.0% 1942 24.2% 35.5% 1943 30.1% 32.7% 1944 32.5% 31.5% 1945 33.4% 32.6% 1946 31.9% 34.6% 1947 31.1% 33.0% 1948 30.5% 33.7% 1949 29.6% 33.8% 1950 30.0% 33.9% 1951 32.4% 32.8% 1952 31.5% 32.1% 1953 33.2% 31.4% 1954 32.7% 32.1% 1955 32.9% 31.8% 1956 33.2% 31.8% 1957 32.0% 31.7% 1958 31.1% 32.1% 1959 31.6% 32.0% 1960 30.7% 31.7% 1961 28.7% 31.9% 1962 29.1% 32.0% 1963 28.5% 32.0% 1964 28.5% 31.6% 1965 28.6% 31.5% 1966 28.7% 32.0% 1967 28.6% 32.0% 1968 28.7% 32.0% 1969 28.3% 31.8% 1970 27.9% 31.5% 1971 27.4% 31.8% 1972 27.5% 31.6% 1973 27.1% 31.9% 1974 26.5% 32.4% 1975 25.7% 32.6% 1976 25.7% 32.4% 1977 25.2% 32.4% 1978 24.7% 32.4% 1979 25.4% 32.3% 1980 23.6% 32.9% 1981 22.3% 32.7% 1982 21.6% 33.2% 1983 21.4% 33.7% 1984 20.5% 33.9% 1985 19.0% 34.3% 1986 18.5% 34.6% 1987 17.9% 36.5% 1988 17.6% 38.6% 1989 17.2% 38.5% 1990 16.7% 38.8% 1991 16.2% 38.4% 1992 16.2% 39.8% 1993 16.2% 39.5% 1994 16.1% 39.6% 1995 15.3% 40.5% 1996 14.9% 41.2% 1997 14.7% 41.7% 1998 14.2% 42.1% 1999 13.9% 42.7% 2000 13.5% 43.1% 2001 13.5% 42.2% 2002 13.3% 42.4% 2003 12.9% 42.8% 2004 12.5% 43.6% 2005 12.5% 44.9% 2006 12.0% 45.5% 2007 12.1% 45.7% 2008 12.4% 46.0% 2009 12.3% 45.5% 2010 11.9% 46.4% 2011 11.8% 46.6% 2012 11.2% 47.8% 2013 11.2% 46.7% 2014 11.1% 47.3% 2015 11.1% 47.8% Chart Data Download data The data below can be saved or copied directly into Excel. The data underlying the figure. Sources: Data on union density follows the composite series found in Historical Statistics of the United States; updated to 2015 from unionstats.com. Income inequality (share of income to top 10 percent) data are from Thomas Piketty and Emmanuel Saez, “Income Inequality in the United States, 1913–1998,” Quarterly Journal of Economics vol. 118, no. 1 (2003) and updated data from the Top Income Database, updated June 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
Working people understand that the economy is not working for them and broadly support the right to organize. In fact, the majority of American workers would vote for union representation if they could. However, current policy fails to ensure that workers have this basic freedom. As private employer opposition to organizing has intensified, policymakers have failed to ensure that the law responds to the realities of the modern workplace. American workers deserve policies that boost our wages and restore our economic leverage and bargaining power. The agenda Democratic lawmakers introduced yesterday would make important strides toward this goal. Ensuring that working people can freely choose to join a union and bargain for better wages and working conditions, that workers are able to exert economic leverage when negotiation fails, and that employers who infringe on workers' freedoms face meaningful penalties is important. In fact, this was the promise of the National Labor Relations Act enacted over 80 years ago. Now, lawmakers need to work to again make this agenda a reality for America's workers.
Republicans have been predicting the decline of American power ever since President Obama was photographed at last week's hemispheric summit shaking the hand of President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela and — gasp! — smiling. Former Vice President Dick Cheney warned that that act of civility would be viewed as a sign of “weakness.” Newt Gingrich, who may be honing his attack skills for a presidential run, said Mr. Obama's behavior was bolstering “enemies of America.”
We have no patience for Mr. Chávez. He was elected as a champion of the poor and has turned himself into a standard-issue autocrat — playing the anti-America card to divert attention from his failed economic policies and ever more outrageous power grabs.
But Venezuela is no strategic threat. And this country has paid far too high a price in both power and influence for former President George W. Bush's bullying.
Mr. Obama got elected on a pledge to do things differently. At the summit, years of antagonism gave way to eagerness for new relations with Washington. Mr. Obama undercut Mr. Chávez's bluster with that handshake and his promise of a “new beginning” with Cuba.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Of course, Mr. Obama has to go further: offering more to, and asking more of, his interlocutors. Even as he reaches out to Cuba by easing (and, we hope, eventually lifting) the counterproductive embargo, he must press Havana on human rights and democratic reforms. He must press Mr. Chávez on the same issues.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The logic of his Iran strategy is to give Tehran a chance to come in from the cold with offers of engagement and economic and security incentives. If Tehran does not take him up on the offer — early signs are not hopeful — he must build support for tougher international sanctions to constrain Iran's nuclear program.
The president will also have to ask more of America's friends. Europe treated him like a rock star on his recent continental tour, but he still did not win enough support for NATO's mission in Afghanistan.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif just delivered his Holi address in Karachi and his speech was impressive for its stress on the inclusion and protection of minorities in Pakistan.
From talking about his responsibilities as a leader towards Pakistan's minorities, he took the opportunity to also highlight his efforts to restore peace in Karachi.
His address took an awkward turn when he drew PML(N) leader Khialdas Kohistani into the conversation, asking him to confirm whether the Karachi law and order situation had improved. When he wholeheartedly agreed, PM Nawaz digressed into a minute-long public sermon about Kohistani's weight.
Addressing the audience, he first said, "Tell him to lose a little weight." The audience was quite amused.
"I'm saying this in his interest. I have a lot of love for him and I want him to be healthy," continued PM Nawaz.
"When he was giving his speech, he could barely breathe. [When I saw that,] I decided then that I'd tell him to lose weight. You may be called Kohistani but you don't look it."
PM Nawaz and PML(N) leader Khialdas Kohistani at the Holi address today — Screengrab
Kohistani, who was taking PM Nawaz's remarks in his stride, quipped, "People say if I lose weight, [PM Nawaz] won't notice me anymore. They say you notice me because I'm fat."
Later in his address, PM Nawaz added, "I'll visit Kohistan. You go mountain climbing a little, and I'll go mountain climbing a little. When you become less breathless, I'll [start development] in Kohistan."
The friendly banter between PM Nawaz and Kohistani drew a lot of laughs from the audience, but still raises the question: Is there room for personal comments at political events?
PM Nawaz's jovial demeanour at his Holi address was a welcome departure from the stiff, formal style of most political addresses in Pakistan and his remarks about Kohistani's weight are likely to have been made with good intentions and were received well by the target himself. However, making personal comments during a political event is problematic because it blurs the boundaries between what is acceptable to say and what isn't. If PM Nawaz can call out a party leader for his weight, then it gives permission to other political leaders to make derogatory personal remarks about other people, who may not welcome the attack, however friendly.
The bottom line is this: No one's personal appearance is up for discussion or comment at a public forum.
Pakistani politics is rife with leaders making uncalled for remarks all the time, and it's best if the premier keeps the decorum.
TL;DR: Any single change that reduces Firefox's memory consumption can affect Firefox's speed, stability and reputation in a variety of ways, some of which are non-obvious. Some examples illustrate this.
The MemShrink wiki page starts with the following text.
MemShrink is a project that aims to reduce Firefox's memory consumption. There are three potential benefits. Speed. […] Stability. […] Reputation.”
I want to dig more deeply into these benefits and the question of what it means to “reduce Firefox's memory consumption”, because there are some subtleties involved. In what follows I will use the term “MemShrink optimization” to refer to any change that reduces Firefox's memory consumption.
Speed
People tend to associate low memory consumption with speed. However, time/space trade-offs abound in programming, and an explicit goal of MemShrink is to not slow Firefox down — the wiki page says:
Changes that reduce memory consumption but make Firefox slower are not desirable.
There are several ways that MemShrink optimizations can improve performance.
Paging
The case that people probably think of first is paging. If physical memory fills up and the machine needs to start paging, i.e. evicting virtual memory pages to disk space, it can be catastrophic for performance. This is because disk accesses are many thousands of times slower than RAM accesses.
However, some MemShrink optimizations are far more likely to affect paging than others. The key idea here is that of the working set size — what's important is not the total amount of physical or virtual memory being used, but the fraction of that memory that is touched frequently. For example, consider two programs that allocate and use a 1GB array. The first one touches pages within the array at random. The second one touches every page once and then touches the first page many times. The second program will obviously page much less than the first if the system's physical memory fills up.
The consequence of this is that a change that reduces the size of data structures that are accessed frequently is much more likely to reduce paging than a change that reduces the size of data structures that are accessed rarely. Note that this is counter-intuitive! It's natural to want to optimize data structures that are wasteful of space, but “wasteful of space” often means “hardly touched” and so such optimizations don't have much effect on paging.
Measuring the working set size of a complex program like a web browser is actually rather difficult, which means that gauging the impact of a change on paging is also difficult. Julian Seward's virtual memory profiler offers one possible way. Another complication is that results vary greatly between machines. If you are running Firefox on a machine with 16GB of RAM, it's likely that no change will affect paging, because Firefox is probably never paging in the first place. If you are on a netbook with 1GB of RAM, the story is obviously different. Also, the effects can vary between different operating systems.
Cache pressure
Some MemShrink optimizations can also reduce cache pressure. For example, a change that makes a struct smaller would allow more of them to fit into a cache line. Like paging, these effects are very difficult to quantify, and changes that affect hot structures are more likely to reduce cache pressure significantly and improve performance.
Structure traversals
Sometimes large data structures must be traversed, and reducing the number of elements in the data structure can reduce that traversal time. The obvious case for Firefox is the JavaScript heap — the garbage collector and cycle collector frequently traverse it, and so any change that causes dead objects to accumulate more slowly will reduce their traversal times.
Only a small fraction of MemShrink optimizations will speed up structure traversals.
Stability
If Firefox (or any program) uses too much memory, it can lead to aborts and crashes. These are sometimes called “OOMs” (out of memory). There are two main kinds of OOM: those involving virtual memory, and those involving physical memory.
Virtual OOMs
A “virtual OOM” occurs when the virtual address space fills up and Firefox simply cannot refer to any more memory. This is mostly a problem on Windows, where Firefox is distributed as a 32-bit application, and so it can only address 2GB or 4GB of memory (the addressable amount depends on the OS configuration). This is true even if you have more than 4GB of RAM. In contrast, Mac OS X and Linux builds of Firefox are 64-bit and so virtual memory exhaustion is essentially impossible because the address space is massively larger.
(I don't want to get distracted by the question of why Firefox is a 32-bit application on Windows. I'll just mention that (a) many Windows users are still running 32-bit versions of Windows that cannot run 64-bit applications, and (b) Mozilla does 64-bit Windows builds for testing purposes. Detailed discussions of the pros and cons of 64-bit builds can be read here and here.)
The vast majority of MemShrink optimizations will reduce the amount of virtual memory consumed. (The only counter-examples I can think of involve deliberately evicting pages from physical memory. E.g. see the example of the GC decommitting change discussed below.) And any such change will obviously reduce the number of virtual OOMs. Furthermore, the effect of any reduction is obvious and straightforward — a change that reduces the virtual memory consumption by 100MB on a particular machine and workload is twice as good as one that reduces it by 50MB. Of course, any improvement will only be noticed by those who experience virtual OOMs, which typically is people who have 100s of tabs open at once. (It may come as a surprise, but some people have that many tabs open regularly.)
Physical OOMs
A “physical OOM” occurs when physical memory (and any additional backing storage such as swap space on disk) fills up. This is mostly a problem on low-end devices such as smartphones and netbooks, which typically have small amounts of RAM and may not have any swap space.
The situation for physical memory is similar to that for virtual memory: almost any MemShrink optimization will reduce Firefox's physical memory consumption. (One exception is that it's possible for a memory allocation to consume virtual memory but not physical memory if it's never accessed; more about this in the examples section below.) And any reduction in physical memory consumption will in turn reduce the number of physical OOMs. Finally, the effects are again obvious and straightforward — a 100MB reduction is twice as good as a 50MB reduction.
Reputation
Finally, we have reputation. The obvious effect here is that if MemShrink optimizations cause Firefox to become faster and more stable over time, people's opinion of Firefox will rise, either because their own experience improves, or they hear that other people's experience improves.
But I want to highlight a less obvious aspect of reputation. People often gauge Firefox's memory consumption by looking at a utility such as the Task Manager (on Windows) or ‘top' (on Mac/Linux). Interpreting the numbers from these utilities is rather difficult — there are multiple metrics and all sorts of subtleties involved. (See this Stack Overflow post for evidence of the complexities and how easy it is to get things wrong.) In fact, in my opinion, the subtleties are so great that people should almost never look at these numbers and instead focus on metrics that are influenced by memory consumption but which they can observe directly as users, i.e. speed and crash rate… but that's a discussion for another time.
Nonetheless, a non-trivial number of people judge Firefox on this metric. Imagine a change that caused Firefox's numbers in these utilities to drop but had no other observable effect. (Such a change may be impossible in practice, but that doesn't matter in this thought experiment.) One thing that has consistently surprised me is that some people view memory consumption as something approaching a moral issue: low memory consumption is virtuous and high memory consumption is sinful. As a result, this hypothetical change would improve Firefox's reputation, rightly or wrongly, for the better.
Let's call this aspect of Firefox's reputation the “reputation-by-measurement”. I suspect the most important metric for reputation-by-measurement is the “private bytes” reported by the Windows Task Manager, because that's what people seem to most often look at. Private bytes measure the virtual memory of a process that is not shared with any other process. It's my educated guess that in Firefox's case that the amount of shared memory isn't that high, and so the situation is similar to virtual OOMs above — just about any change that reduces the amount of virtual memory will reduce the private bytes by the same amount, and in terms of reputation-by-measurement, a 100MB reduction is twice as good as a 50MB reduction.
Examples
Some examples help bring this discussion together. Consider bug 609905, which removed a 512KB block of memory that was found to be allocated but never accessed. (This occurred because some code that used that block was removed but the allocation wasn't removed at the same time.) What were the benefits of this change?
The 512KB never would have been in the working set, so performance would not have been affected.
Virtual memory consumption would have dropped by 512KB, slightly reducing the likelihood of virtual OOMs.
Physical memory consumption probably didn't change — because the block was never accessed, it probably never made it into physical memory.
Private bytes would have dropped by 512KB, slightly improving reputation-by-measurement.
Now consider bug 670596, which made the JavaScript garbage collector decommit (i.e. remove from physical memory and backing storage) 1MB heap chunks that are unused. What were the benefits of this change?
Performance may have improved slightly due to reduced paging, on machines where paging happens. Those chunks are clearly not in the working set when they are decommitted, but if paging occurs, the pre-emptive removal of some pages from physical memory may prevent the OS from having to evict some other pages, some of which might have been in the working set.
Virtual memory consumption would not have changed at all, because decommitted memory still takes up address space.
Physical memory consumption would have dropped by the full decommit amount — 10s or even 100s of MBs in many cases when decommitting is triggered — significantly reducing the likelihood of physical OOMs.
Private bytes would not have changed, leaving reputation-by-measurement unaffected. [Update: Justin Lebar queried this. This page indicates that decommitting memory does reduce private bytes, which means that this change would have improved reputation-by-measurement.]
Another interesting one is bug 676457. It fixed a problem where PLArenaPool was requesting lots of allocations of ~4,128 bytes. jemalloc rounded these requests up to 8,192 bytes, so almost 50% of each 8,192 byte blocks was wasted, and there could be many of these blocks. The patch fixed this by reducing the requests to 4,096 bytes which is a power-of-two and not rounded up (and also usually the size of an OS virtual memory page). What were the benefits of this change?
Performance may have improved due to less paging, because the working set size may have dropped. The size of the effect depends on how often the final 32 used bytes of each chunk — those that spilled onto a second page — are accessed. For at least some of the blocks those 32 bytes would never be touched.
Virtual memory consumption dropped significantly, reducing the likelihood of virtual OOMs.
Physical memory consumption may have dropped, but it's not clear by how much. In cases where the extra 32 bytes are never accessed, the second page might not have ever taken up physical memory.
Private bytes would have dropped by the same amount as virtual memory, improving reputation-by-measurement.
Finally, let's think about a compacting, generational garbage collector, something that is being worked on by the JS team at the moment.
Performance improves for three reasons. First, paging is reduced because of the generational behaviour: much of the JS engine activity occurs in the nursery, which is small; in other words, the memory activity is concentrated within a smaller part of the working set. Second, paging is further reduced because of the compaction: this reduces fragmentation within pages in the tenured heap, reducing the total working set size. Third, the tenured heap grows more slowly because of the generational behaviour: many objects are collected earlier (in the nursery) than they would be with a non-generational collector, which means that structure traversals done by the garbage collector (during full-heap collections) and cycle collector are faster.
Virtual memory consumption drops in two ways. First, the compaction minimizes waste due to fragmentation. Second, the heap grows more slowly.
Physical memory consumption drops for the same two reasons.
Private bytes also drop for the same two reasons.
A virtuous change indeed.
Conclusion
Reducing Firefox's memory consumption is a good thing, and it has the following benefits.
It can improve speed, due to less paging, fewer cache misses, and faster structure traversals. These changes are likely to be noticed more by users on lower-end machines.
It improves stability by reducing virtual OOM aborts, which mostly helps heavy tab users on Windows. It also improves stability by reducing physical OOM aborts, which mostly affects heavy-ish tab users on small devices like smartphones and netbooks.
It improves reputation among those whose browsing experience is improved by the above changes, and also among users who make judgments according to memory measurements with utilities like the Windows Task Manager.
Furthermore, when discussing MemShrink optimizations, it's a good idea to describe improvements in these terms. For example, instead of saying “this change reduces memory consumption”, one could say “this change reduces physical and virtual memory consumption and may reduce paging”. I will endeavour to do this myself from now on.
One of the best preserved ancient Roman road networks is to be found in the Roman Province of Lusitania (including approximately all of modern Portugal and part of modern Spain) with numerous cobbled streets and an amazing amount of well-preserved bridges. I visited many of those bridges as part as my archaeological trip to Portugal in February 2014, mainly in the central and southern part of the country (I did not explore northern Portugal).
The Roman Province of Lusitania was founded by Emperor Augustus in 27 BC and its capital was Emerita Augusta (Mérida, Spain). Between 28-24 BC Augustus' military campaigns pacified all Hispania under Roman rule, with the foundation of Roman cities like Asturica Augusta (Astorga) and Bracara Augusta (Braga) to the north, and to the south Emerita Augusta.
The Roman road network in Portugal is the largest engineering performance from Antiquity in Portugal. Many remains of Roman roads with well-preserved pavement are still visible and a variety of very well-preserved bridges. Ancient bridges are not always possible to identify as Roman and may in some cases be Medieval constructions built in the Roman style. However the bridges mentioned here have been asserted to be Roman.
A major road from Olisipo (Lisbon) went north to Scallabis (Santarém) and on to Sellium (Tomar), Conimbriga, Aeminium (Coimbra) and to Bracara Augusta (Braga). Another important road connected Myrtilis Iulia (Mértola) with Pax Iulia (Beja) and Ebora (Évora) to the North. From the Roman capital at Emerita Augusta it was possible to reach Olisipo via the road to Ebora then to Salacia (Alcácer do Sal)
Of the numerous Roman bridges in Portugal, the most outstanding is that of Vila Formosa, a 116 metre long bridge spanning over the river Seda.
This bridge, dating back to the late 1st century / early 2nd century AD, is one of the best preserved bridges throughout the Iberian Peninsula. It was located on the road which connected Olisipo (Lisbon) to Augusta Emerita (Mérida, Spain), the via publicae. It is built in thick cut stonework and granite panels (opus quadratum). It has six complete arches, all of them of the same size and composed of 33 intradoses, which form quadrangular abutments. Between the arches on top of the pillars Ponte de Vila Formosa has five complete vaults archway.
Another good example of Roman engineering is the Roman bridge of Segura (Ponte Romana de Segura) built in the early 2nd century AD under Trajan on the route that linked Augusta Emerita and Egitania (Idanha-a-Velha). It consists of five arches barrel vault, the three central ones, having been rebuilt in the sixteenth century by Portuguese masons. The Roman bridge of Segura now connects Spain with Portugal.
The Ponte da Ladeira dos Envendos was part of the Roman province road that linked Aritium Vetus (Alvega) to Salmantia (Salamanca, Spain). The ancient bridge over the river Ribeira da Pracana is about 40 meters long and has six arches of different spans. Ponte da Ladeira dos Envendos was built between the 1st century BC and 1st century AD.
The Ponte de Vila Ruiva, spanning the river Odivelas near Cuba in the District of Beja, belonged to the ancient Roman road which connected Ossonoba (Faro) and Pax Iulia (Beja) bound for Ebora (Évora) and Augusta Emerita. Ponte de Vila Ruiva presents several construction phases. It is assumed that the original structure, made of granite, dates back to between the 1st century BC and 1st century AD. Reconstructions on the bridge were undertaken in the 5th century and 11th century using ancient and new materials. Ponte de Vila Ruiva is still in use today.
The Ponte dos Três Concelhos, spanning the river Ribeira de Isna, is a three-arched Roman bridge. This bridge was part of a Roman road that connected Augusta Emerita (Merida, Spain) to Conimbriga. It was probably built between the 1st and the 4th century and rebuilt between the 13th and the 14th century.
On the banks of the river Pônsul, ca. 50 km from Castelo Branco, the Roman town of Igaeditania (Idanha-a-Velha) became a municipium in the time of the Flavians. A road from Augusta Emerita to Igaeditania run across the Roman bridge crossing the Pônsul which seems to have been constructed in 5 or 6 AD, when Augustus set the limits of the civitates of the region. Igaeditania was thus an important road centre. The bridge was reconstructed several times across the centuries. What we see now is mainly the result of a reconstruction from Middle Ages.
At Mirobriga Celticorum, a Roman town located south-west of Portugal near the coast, lay a small single-arch bridge that provided access along the west-east road leading to the forum and the Imperial temple of the Roman town. The bridge was made of irregular limestone, opus incertum. The original paving of the bridge is still visible.
In Mértola (Roman Myrtilis), an important ancient port on the River Guardiana, stand the remains of imposing piers of a bridge lined up in the late Roman period to give access to a River Tower. The tower controlled one of the most important entries into the city. An access route, built on a solid series of arches, allowed the tower to connect with the interior of the City Walls.
Here is a map of all the Roman bridges covered here. Of course there are more bridges to look for in Portugal, especially in the northern part of the country which I hope to explore soon.
Then it faded. Mr. Hidary said the effort has been winding down for the last year and a half. Its Twitter account has been silent for a year. Mr. Hidary nonetheless described the project as a success, a “catalytic initiative” that showed the way for other groups.
By design, the National Lab website made it easy to download curriculum materials and for teachers and scientists to connect, but it did not follow up to see how well everything worked in the classroom.
“We know we had direct influence on thousands and thousands of teachers,” Mr. Hidary said.
Mr. Hidary said he expected real improvements would take longer, and he was right. The scores of American students on the Program of International Student Assessment, last administered in 2012, have not budged much.
Mark S. Schneider, a vice president at the American Institutes for Research, a nonprofit research organization in Washington, was not a fan of Educate to Innovate in 2009, and still is not. “From my perspective, this has not gotten a lot of attention,” he said.
Plus, Dr. Schneider said, the STEM jobs challenge is not that the United States lacks academics with science doctorates, but rather that the country needs more people with two-year technical degrees to fill mid-skill positions, like for X-ray technicians. “It doesn't seem we have addressed that in any serious way,” he said.
A successor to the National Lab Network is a new organization started last year, US2020, which is aiming to recruit one million volunteer mentors willing to commit to at least 20 hours a year working in the schools.
“We're looking for sustained efforts,” said Eric Schwarz, executive chairman of the group. He predicted that school days eventually would get longer, and that outsiders might be teaching during many of those hours.
Selvaggi signs contract, squad said to be full; Samuel Sanchez' rumoured move won't happen
Left searching for a team after his contract with Astana was not extended, the Belgian rider Kevin Seeldraeyers has been linked to a move to the new Wanty Groupe Gobert team, with a verbal agreement in place.
Just over two weeks ago the 27 year old climber said that he was feeling despondent about the lack of offers. The market is saturated with riders after Vacansoleil DCM, Euskaltel Euskadi and several other teams folded. Seeldraeyers won two stages, took the points and mountains classifications and finished third overall in this year's Tour of Austria, but was still left searching.
“I have a hopeless feeling. I can't do anything, the only thing I can do is to wait and see,” he told Sporza then. “It makes training difficult. I'm sitting here constantly thinking about it.”
“Most teams are full but I hope there is still one that needs a rider. I don't know why it is that some other riders still find a team at the last minute and I do not; I don't get it.”
He said that he would continue training until January, but would be likely forced to quit cycling if he didn't have something by then.
However, according to Het Laatste Nieuws, the new Belgian Wanty Groupe Gobert is interested and has a provisional agreement in place.
Team manager Hilaire Van der Schueren has put together the squad after his Vacansoleil DCM team folded and he has said that a move is likely. However he will wait until a signature is on paper before banking on it, having been burned by a recent declaration by a rider that he would compete for the team, but who then signed for the BMC Racing Team.
“The surprising last minute turn by Ben Hermans means that I remain a little cautious,” he said. “I have learned that a deal is never certain before a signature on paper. But basically nothing stands in the way of his [Seeldraeyers'] move.”
The Belgian rider spent five years with the Omega Pharma Quick Step team, netting the best young rider award in both the Giro d'Italia and Paris-Nice in 2009. He moved to Astana prior to the 2012 season. This year he took those good results in Austria, and was also second on day two plus eleventh overall in the Presidential Tour of Turkey. He was also third on a stage and second in the mountains classification at the Critérium du Dauphiné.
Meanwhile the Italian Mirko Selvaggi has inked an agreement to compete with the team next season. He has been with Vacansoleil-DCM since 2010 and has therefore worked alongside van der Schueren already. He was fourth in this year's Dwar Door Vlaanderen, and is seen as a likely Classics domestique.
Seeldraeyers and Selvaggi are likely to complete the team lineup for 2014, with the rumoured transfer of Samuel Sanchez to the team now looking like it won't happen.
The 2008 Olympic champion had a quieter season than usual and was left stranded when the Euskaltel Euskadi squad stopped and the expected Fernando Alonso team did not go forward.
In Celebration of Fulbright Canada's 25th Anniversary and The Fulbright Arctic Initiative
Fulbright Canada and RBC Royal Bank present:
Under the Same Stars
(Ulluriat ataanittuinnait)
April 22 - 24, 2015
Free and open to the public
9:00am – 5:00pm
350 Albert St., Constitution Square Lobby
Ottawa, ON, K1R 1A4
Under the Same Stars (Ulluriat ataanittuinnait) an exhibit of original photography by Fulbright Canada grantee, Acacia Johnson. The central theme of the show demonstrates that shared experiences in the Arctic, across all cultures and communities, tie us together. For thousands of years, and across vast geographical spaces, cycles of water and ice have influenced the patterns of life in northern communities.
Photographed during her four month residence on the north shore of Baffin Island, Acacia Johnson's series Under The Same Stars reflects on the notion of interconnectedness and on the solid roots that the Arctic communities have with the land and sea, both by retaining traditional and local knowledge and by exploring modern influences. This community-focused perspective provides an intimate glimpse into the realities of living in the Canadian Arctic, highlighting the shared experiences that unite people across the globe. Please join us on this Arctic winter journey to explore the human commitment to the Arctic landscape, the impact of global influences, and the understanding that we all live “Under the Same Stars”.
Acacia Johnson Biography
Acacia Johnson is a photographic artist who is devoted to capturing the magic of the Circumpolar North. Born and raised in Alaska, she has spent several years living in northern Norway. She works seasonally as an expedition guide and photography lecturer in Greenland and the Canadian Arctic. A recent graduate of the Rhode Island School of Design, she has exhibited her photographs internationally and has pieces included in collections at the Rhode Island School of Design Museum and the Smithsonian Museum of American History. She hopes to continue to explore her passion for the Arctic with photography, writing, and education.
A word from the artist
With the support of a Fulbright Canada Student Award, I have been able to realize a long-standing dream: to spend a winter living on the north shore of Baffin Island in the Canadian Arctic, learning about the relationship of people to the winter landscape and creating photographs illustrating my findings.
After some time working with professors at the Ontario College of Art and Design University in Toronto, I headed north for the coldest and darkest four months of the year. While my idea was originally landscape-based, I discovered while living on Baffin Island that the heart of my Arctic experience lay with the people who live there. Turning my focus towards portraiture has yielded a much richer and more complex project than I ever could have imagined. Being from Alaska, I have approached this project through the lens of a fellow northerner, addressing the idea of a new Circumpolar citizenry based on shared experiences in the landscape rather than geographical borders. I therefore planned the resulting exhibition - Under the Same Stars - to travel the Circumpolar countries, and thanks to the generous support of the Fulbright Canada-RBC Eco-Leadership award, the show will see its debut in Ottawa this April! From there, I have concrete plans to exhibit the work in Alaska, Norway, and beyond. Hope to see you in Ottawa!
Read Acacia's blog post : Under the Same Stars : An Arctic Winter on North Baffin Island
Media Contact:
Michèle Phillips
External Relations
Fulbright.ca
[email protected]
613-255-1383
Tuesday, 09 Sep, 2008 Health & Fitness
According to a survival expert, people with a Rambo-like character have more chances of dying in a disaster than people who show strong will but who are humble.
The author of the book entitled "Deep Survival", Robert Gonzales, believes he has identified the main features of how to survive a disaster. For his book he analyzed several amazing survival stories from such disasters as the Burmese cyclone, September 11 attacks and the Boxing Day tsunami.
"(The survivors) are people who tend to have a view of the world that does not paint them as a victim. They're not whiners who are always complaining about the bad things that are happening to them and expecting to get rescued," he said.
Gonzales mentioned that around 75 percent of people who became prisoners of a catastrophe either freeze of just wander in a daze. "The first thing people do when something bad happens is to be in denial. People who make good survivors tend to get through that phase quickly. They accept the evidence of their senses," he said.
Although in movies Rambo is able to survive a rain of bullets, in reality people who overestimate their powers most often die first.
"Humility can keep you out of trouble. If you go busting into the wilderness with the attitude that you know what's going on, you're liable to miss important cues," the author said.
In addition Gonzales said that most survivors had strong connections with their families, which is why they where motivated not to give up. In order to survive Gonzales suggests that people should think independently about what is happening to them. They should not follow instructions blindly in case these instructions seem to be wrong.
In 1975 the author himself avoided death when he decided not to fly on a DC-10 after analyzing the plane's safety record. The plane intended to transport passengers from Chicago to LA and crashed shortly after the takeoff - 271 people died.
"It's a story about having the information and using it. So when this trip came up, I was prepared to do something out of the ordinary."
He said that most of the survivors he studied did not show goods skills in surviving within critical situations. These people were neither the strongest nor did they have the biggest experience in their group. Gonzales outlined that physical strength and experience can often lead to negligence.
Source: CNN
On Tuesday Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin confirmed during his press conference that left guard Willie Colon had surgery on his left knee on Monday. The injury is expected to sideline Colon for the rest of the season.
With Colon now sidelined rookie guard David DeCastro will get the opportunity in practice this week to show that he can play. Tomlin said that the plan right now is to let DeCastro play right guard, the position he played at Stanford, and move Ramon Foster over to the left guard spot that Colon manned.
“Our plan is to work David,” Tomlin said, when asked about the offensive line changes on tap. “David\'s worked his way back to health and has been available to us the last several weeks in a backup capacity and participated on PAT\'s and field goal. We believe that his health is at a level now that we can put him in and watch him prepare during the course of the week, and if we like what we see, he may have an opportunity to play. If he does of course we\'ll swing Ramon (Foster) over to left guard, which he has experience at, and he\'s very capable at, and we\'ll leave Maurkice (Pouncey) at center.”
“Obviously, if a guy like (Jay) Ratliff is playing, it would behoove us to have a guy like Maurkice Pouncey at the center position.”
Tomlin was asked if the decision to move Foster over to the left side was made because he has more familiarity with position than DeCastro does.
“Yeah, he has more position flexibility and more comfort in doing so than DeCastro does at this point. So that\'s the chief reason.”
If things go as planned Foster will make his 7th career start at left guard Sunday against the Dallas Cowboys. His last start at the position was last season against the Seattle Seahawks in Week 2.
Foster has been very consistent so far this season on the right side, but hasn't\'t been asked to trap block to the left much, as it is not a specialty of his. The Steelers are a right handed running team that likes to run the trap to that side several times during a game, so Foster\'s ability to perform that task this week against the Cowboys will be worth paying attention to.
DeCastro, however, was on the move to the left quite a bit during his time at Stanford at right guard. Could we see the Steelers make a conscious effort this week to run more to the left to take advantage of his strength, assuming he is still as mobile and agile as he was before suffering his right knee injury in the preseason? We shall see.
Having great developers means creating a great environment. In an increasingly competitive world, that means everything from free food to paid screw-off time. But not everyone has gotten the message.
Some places still practice developer abuse. Here are its many forms. Do not indulge in more than one or two, or you may never see your best developers again.
[ 10 steps to becoming the developer everyone wants | Learn how to work smarter, not harder with InfoWorld's roundup of all the tips and trends programmers need to know in the Developers' Survival Guide. Download the PDF today! | Keep up with the latest developer news with InfoWorld's Developer World newsletter. ]
1. Hellish security
I've been to a place whose McAfee proxy bans Zip files with HelloWorld.java. This means that everything from downloading build tools to examples is prohibited. At another shop, the McAfee desfktop security scans every file a process touches for malicious code, even files unchanged since the last time it checked them in a single-threaded fashion, which means putting the entire contents of thousands of files through one core of the CPU for every operation. It took 30 minutes to launch the IDE and up to another 10 minutes to launch a build, even if the build touched only three source files and ran for a few seconds.
2. Torture tools
There is Subversion, and there is Git. Frankly, all other version control/configuration management tools are way too slow and/or painful. ClearCase is the mother of all developer torture tools. One ... day ... the ... code ... will ... check ... out ...
3. Maintenance teams
Some places still have fixed teams, which get all the sucky work. Seriously, no one will stay on the "maintenance team" once they find a better job -- and the odds are on their side.
4. Forced Windows
Forcing your developers to use Windows as a development environment if they aren't writing .Net code is pretty sadistic. Forced Windows means feeding your developers the same crap nontechnical users are forced to run, with many of the same restrictions. (I realize that someone on my team will say I forced them to use Linux. That's really too bad.)
5. Locking out all libraries
Years ago, when I worked at IBM, I was told not to use third-party libraries -- open source or not -- unless it would save me at least two months of development time because the hour or two of lawyer time necessary to vet everything would cost more than two months of my time. I upped my hourly billing rate soon after. Sure, you need a policy stipulating where and how you will consume libraries without going through a formal vetting process, but even so, "optimistic locking" is usually fine. Otherwise you're committing a heinous act of developer abuse by forcing everyone to reinvent the wheel.
If you want to be able to stream Netflix in 4K through your browser, you're going to have to use Edge, as Microsoft announced today. Unfortunately, the feature probably won't work with your PC, as you'll need a device that uses one of Intel's seventh-generation Kaby Lake processors and of course, a 4K display.
There aren't even a lot of these devices on the market yet. Even Microsoft's own Surface Studio - which was announced less than a month ago and starts at $2,999 - uses sixth-generation Skylake processors.
It's also worth noting that while Edge is the only browser to support the feature, the browser isn't the only way to watch Netflix in 4K resolution. Here's a list of devices that support 4K streaming through the Netflix app:
Air 7410X (Waoo! in Denmark)
Amazon Fire TV (New Version)
British Telecom - BT DTRT-4000
Broadcom VIP5662 (Bell Canada)
Chromecast Ultra
Dish Hopper 3
Fetch Mighty
Nvidia Shield
Orange Livebox Play 4
PCCW nowOne
Roku 4
Sagem 4K (Totalplay in Mexico)
TiVo Bolt
Virgin Media - V6 powered by TiVo
Xbox One S
There are also a number of smart TVs and Blu-ray players that support it:
Hisense TV or streaming media player
Insignia TV or Blu-ray player
LG TV, Blu-ray player or set-top box
Panasonic TV or Blu-ray player
Philips TV or Blu-ray player
Roku TV
Samsung TV or Blu-ray player
Sharp TV or Blu-ray player
Sony TV or Blu-ray player
Tatung TV
TCL TV
Toshiba TV or Blu-ray player
Vestel TV
Vizio TV or Blu-ray player
The inclusion of the Xbox One S is interesting, although not surprising. But the Windows Store lists Netflix as being available on PCs, phones, and Xbox. In theory, if you have a 4K PC that doesn't have Kaby Lake, you should be able to use the app to stream, even though it's not listed on Netflix's official list. We've reached out to the company for confirmation of this.
It does put one over on Mac users though, as even someone with a 4K or 5K iMac won't be able to stream Netflix, as there isn't even a downloadable app for macOS. Edge users will maintain bragging rights in that area.
Back in July, Microsoft ran a test among four browsers, claiming that Edge offers the best battery life while streaming video. Not only that, but other than Internet Explorer and Safari, it was the only one that could stream 1080p.
Update: Netflix issued the following statement to Neowin regarding 4K playback in the UWP app.
Only weeks after claiming its hands were tied, the Casting Society of America acknowledges debate over potentially illegal workshops, establishing a committee to ensure members abide by the law.
With pressure rising on the entertainment industry's proliferating culture of pay-to-play auditions, the Casting Society of America has announced the establishment of a committee to study the issue. The issue has come into the public eye after The Hollywood Reporter published an investigation into workshop practices in late March.
The group (like the actors' union, SAG-AFTRA) positioned itself as powerless to effect change. "We have been in communication with the city attorney's office as things come up," president Richard Hicks told THR. "At the end of the day, it's up to them to enforce."
Now, after fallout — including the high-profile dismissal of Criminal Minds casting director Scott David, one of the most prominent practitioners in the scene, as well as a petition urging action by the city attorney's office that, at press time, has topped 11,000 signatures — the CSA's perspective certainly appears to be evolving. While the statement does not explicitly acknowledge wrongdoing by some of its membership, Friday afternoon's announcement conveys an awareness of a genuine problem.
Members of its freshly minted Workshop Committee include Hicks, along with Amanda Lenker Doyle (Black-ish) and Marci Liroff (Mean Girls). According to a release sent to CSA membership, it "will seek to preserve and enhance the educational value of casting workshops" taught by members, as well as "foster increased awareness and understanding" among them of legal guidelines put in place by the passage of California's Krekorian Talent Scam Prevention Act in 2009 that were meant to better rein in the practice. That legislation specifically outlaws workshops and casting directors from charging or attempting to charge an artist for an audition or employment opportunity. But since the law was enacted in 2010, there have been no prosecutions.
Dea Vise, a CSA member and one of the few casting directors who have been an outspoken critic against workshops, questioned the seriousness of the committee's intention for reform, noting that neither she nor her colleague Billy DaMota, also a CSA member and a leading and longstanding dissident on the issue, were invited to join. "If the CSA is looking for a way to continue the practice as it is now, this group will work perfectly," she says. "Some of the people on that list of the workshop committee do workshops." (Doyle, for instance, is a regular guest on the circuit in town; her most recent listed class was a $55 evening on March 28 at The Actor's Key.)
For his part, DaMota remains skeptical of a group that's long shied away from policing its members or aggressively lobbying the city attorney's office. "The idea of a committee to explore ways to stop the abuse is a good one — but means nothing if there's no way to enforce anything that comes out of the committee," he says.
Hicks did not respond to a request for an interview. But he did provide a statement published in the release.
"CSA casting directors and associates are among the industry's foremost authorities on the alchemic aspects of casting and acting," he said. "It's an expertise which they generously share in various educational settings. This newly established Workshop Committee intends to ensure that all CSA members fully understand and abide by the Casting Workshop Guidelines [of the Krekorian Act] wherever they happen to teach. We have begun to explore the creation of new, officially sanctioned CSA programs to broaden access to casting education, while upholding the highest standards of integrity and professionalism."
Display
Performance and battery life
Battery Life
Acer Iconia Tab A500 6:55 Apple iPad 2 10:26 Apple iPad 9:33 Motorola Xoom 8:20 T-Mobile G-Slate 8:18 Archos 101 7:20 RIM BlackBerry PlayBook 7:01 Samsung Galaxy Tab 6:09 Dell Streak 7 3:26
Software
A massive day at Old Trafford awaits – Ryan Giggs is taking charge of his first game as manager of Man Utd, and the excitement is infectious.
He's said all the right things, and it's impossible not to get lost in the romance of the occassion, especially after a season of such unremitting bleakness.
Giggs and his Class of 92 backing bands leading the team out onto the Old Trafford turf really is the stuff dreams are made of for United fans, and once we've had a taste of this, we might not want it to end.
Ryan is a true living legend, and whether he just keeps the job for these 4 games, or ends up taking over long-term, it's going to be a wonderful twist in the otherwise tormented tale of life after Fergie so far.
There are some great choices on today's pre-match playlist, with Led Zeppelin's Ramble On a particularly inspired selection by the Old Trafford DJ.
Here's how the song starts…
Leaves are falling all around, It's time I was on my way.
Thanks to you, I'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay.
But now it's time for me to go. The autumn moon lights my way.
For now I smell the rain, and with it pain, and it's headed my way.
Sometimes I grow so tired, but I know I've got one thing I got to do…
Hopefully United's style today will be more rush than ramble. It's going to be a poignant occassion all round – now it's up to the players to do Giggs proud and show us the football we've been so desperate to see. It's up to them to honour the Busby Babes, and channel the Manchester United spirit, from years ago in days of old, when magic filled the air.
Related articles across the web
Ponder that thought for a moment. What would you say is the most important responsibility of a member of the Church of Jesus Christ?
Ladder On the Wrong Building
When I was a kid, the following parable was taught at church. Perhaps it was even preached in General Conference. It goes like this:
Life is like climbing a ladder. First, we choose what building to lean our ladder against. Then…every day…every month…every year, we advance upward. One rung at a time. At the end of our life, we will have climbed high up on the building that we have selected. But…what if? Just what if…we picked the wrong building? How sad that would be! An entire lifetime of climbing, only to arrive at the top of a worthless building.
I have now learned that my building of choice is highly flawed. Fortunately, at 64, I still have a few years to scurry down my ladder and move it to the building of the highest worth.
My New Perspective
Today, during the joint Relief Society/priesthood lesson, Joseph Smith was quoted:
“The greatest responsibility in this world that God has laid upon us is to….”
How would you complete that sentence? You'll probably get it right. I didn't. And haven't my entire life.
Could my greatest responsibility be…..
To follow the teachings and example of Jesus? That would have been my first guess. But, nope, I was wrong.
That would have been my first guess. But, nope, I was wrong. To love others as I love myself ? Another great guess…but wrong.
? Another great guess…but wrong. To love God above all else? Nope. Oh man!
Nope. Oh man! To obey the commandments? Nope. What? And, here I thought that was the first law of heaven.
Nope. What? And, here I thought that was the first law of heaven. To love my wife more than anyone else? Nope.
Nope. To nurture and take care of my children? Darn it. Another nope.
Darn it. Another nope. Provide for my family? Nope
Nope Clothe the naked, feed the hungry, visit the sick? Nope, nope & nope.
Nope, nope & nope. Be the Good Samaritan? Nope.
Nope. Welcome back the prodigal? Nope
Nope Care for the least of these? Nope.
Nope. Everything else I can think of? Nope
Obviously, I'm in big trouble. For 64 years, I did not know what my greatest responsibility was. Thank heavens, it's finally been lodged firmly in my brain.
A video was shown about the coming Trek activity for our youth. Elder David R. Bednar was the apostolic speaker. He shared the Joseph Smith quote. To drive the point home, the citation was passed out in written form. And then someone was asked to read it out loud. Then we discussed. I tell ya, after all that, I've got.
Here's the quintessential quote from the very first prophet of the restoration.
“The greatest responsibility in this world that God has laid upon us is to….. seek after our dead. ”
Now, if your proverbial ladder is leaning on the wrong building, let's both of us get 'em moved, pronto.
As protests mount in Wisconsin over Republican Governor Scott Walker's blatant attempt at union-busting , the battle lines are clearly drawn.
On the side of teachers, librarians, bus drivers, janitors, and the thousands of other Wisconsinites who are defending their right to have a say in the terms of their employment -- God:
Milwaukee Archbishop Jerome E. Listecki on Wednesday said in a letter to lawmakers that workers should not be "marginalized" ... He said in the letter there is a "moral obligation each of us has to respect the legitimate rights of workers.”
Not to mention the Green Bay Packers (who I understand are pretty popular in Wisconsin), Wisconsin Senate Democrats, the Democratic National Committee, and the President.
On Walker's side? Himself (and he says he won't be "bullied"). And every Republican and conservative who spent last year insisting that people with tea bags dangling from their ears and screaming about "death panels" were the voice of America, and who are now describing the thousands of Wisconsinites who object to Walker's plan to take away over a half-a-century of their rights to pay for his tax cuts for special interests as "union thugs" and "rioters."
Meanwhile, Walker's union-busting bill is on hold while the Wisconsin 14 -- the Democratic Senators who left the state -- remain in their undisclosed location:
"We're going to be staying away until we hear that they are taking the right to organize seriously," Larson continued, referring to Republicans. "They're going after 50 years of history in one week. Until they take that off the table, it's a non-starter."
Can Walker do anything about it?
According to Article IV, Section 7 of Wisconsin's constitution, the legislature "may compel the attendance of absent members in such manner and under such penalties as each house may provide." What that meant on Thursday, according to the legislature's Sergeant at Arms office, was literally searching around the Capitol looking for the missing senators.
... at which point Walker can request that law enforcement join the search. The same law enforcement that has expressed solidarity with the missing Democrats and who can't cross state lines to get them.
So, what can we look forward to today? Well, for kids in the Madison area, their third consecutive day off. And for everyone else, a noon rally featuring AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka.
And the protests are spreading ... stay tuned.
NUMERICAL VALUES ARE EXCLUDED FROM PBE PATCH NOTES DUE TO THE NATURE OF THE PBE (IT CHANGES).
Pwyff here - trying some things out with patch notes and patch communication. There will be a discussion down the line to further expand on the things we're trying to do with patch notes, and I'll link to the post when it arrives (some time today). For now enjoy some experimental PBE patch notes that are TENTATIVE.
Discussion on patch note format can be found here: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=3691786
Hey Summoners,
As you know, we use the PBE servers as a testing ground for a lot of our experimental changes, but we've run into situations where sometimes a change requires a bit more nuance to understand. As a result, we'll be driving these PBE context posts when we can offer some more context.
Also note that these changes are tentative, like anything else on the PBE, so they are all very subject to change.
Champions
Ashe
Summary: Fixed a bug with Ashe's passive where it would build up stacks while still on cooldown. To compensate, Ashe will gain more focus stacks per second.
Focus
Focus stacks per second increased
Fixed a bug where Focus was granting stacks in certain situations
Elise
Health reduced
Armor increased (based on Spider Form rank)
Magic Resist increased (based on Spider Form rank)
Multi-target damage reduction adjusted
Vision radius reduced
Spiderlings now instantly vanish upon shifting into Human Form
Spiderlings are now grouped closer together while moving
Movement Speed of the spiderling has been reduced
Vision radius of the spiderling has been reduced
Elise can no longer descend outside of the indicated area
Fixed a bug where Elise could begin casting spells and attacking as soon as she began her descent while she was still untargetable
Spiderlings will now descend from Rappel slightly after Elise, instead of descending at the same time
Fiddlesticks
Doesn't briefly reduce Baron Nashor, Dragon or Vilemaw's magic resist anymore
Karthus
When Karthus' passive is active Lay Waste casts targeted beyond max range will instead be cast at max range instead of doing nothing.
Ability power ratio reduced
Fixed a bug where Cooldown Reduction allowed Defile to be rapidly deactivated and reactivated to increase its damage output
Malzahar
Missile visibility from fog of war and brushes now consistent with other missiles
Voidlings no longer repeatedly switch targets when more than one unit is affected with Malefic Visions
Nami
Fixed a bug where sometimes the stun effect lasted longer than intended
Ryze
Cast Range reduced
Cast Range reduced
Mana Cost reduced
Cast Range reduced
Movement Speed increased
Thresh
Souls now always grant a flat amount of Armor and Ability Power per soul collected
Twisted Fate
Upon killing a unit Twisted Fate rolls his dice, gaining anywhere from 1 to 6 bonus gold. Naturally, Twisted Fate has a higher chance to receive a larger bonus.
No longer has a 10 second duration to both lock and throw the card
Now has a set amount of time to lock the card and a smaller window of time to throw it
Warwick
Fixed a bug where damage would continue after being interrupted by enemy champions
Zac
Damage reduced
General
Baron Nashor
Baron Nashor's 'Voracious Corrosion' effect now no longer reduces the target's Attack Damage by 50%.
Baron Nashor's 'Voracious Corrosion' effect now reduces the physical and magical damage the target would deal to Nashor.
Turrets
Outer turrets gain a flat armor bonus at the beginning of the game for 8 minutes
Outer turrets base Armor increased
Outer turrets no longer gain Armor over the first 8 minutes
Fixed a bug where purple side inner turrets had 10 more armor than intended
Items
MR Items
Recipe: Hexdrinker + Avarice Blade + Gold
+ Attack Damage
+ Magic Resistance
+ Critical Strike Chance
UNIQUE Passive - Tenacity: Reduces the duration of stuns, slows, taunts, fears, silences, blinds, and immobilizes by 35%.
UNIQUE Passive - Lifeline: Upon taking magic damage that would reduce Health below 30%, grants a shield that absorbs 400 magic damage for 5 seconds (90 second cooldown.)
Recipe: Ruby Crystal + Negatron Cloak + Gold
+ Health
+ Magic Resistance
UNIQUE Passive: Grants bonus Health Regen per 5 seconds for up to 10 seconds after taking damage from an enemy champion.
Recipe Changed: Spectre's Cowl + Kindlegem + Gold
Health increased
Magic Resistance increased
Now additionally grants bonus Health Regen per 5 seconds
Recipe Changed: Spectre's Cowl + Ruby Crystal + Gold
Health increased
Magic Resistance increased
No longer gives mana
Additional UNIQUE Passive: Grants significant bonus Health Regen per 5 seconds for up to 10 seconds after taking damage from an enemy champion or when the spell shield breaks.
Recipe Changed: Negatron Cloak + Chain Vest + Gold
Magic Resistance increased
Bulwark & Locket
Combine cost reduced
Health reduced
No longer grants self-only Magic Resist
UNIQUE Aura – Legion
No longer grants Armor
Magic Resist increased
No longer grants additional bonuses to minions
Removed from the game
New build path: Aegis of the Legion + Gold
+ Health
+ Armor
+ Cooldown Reduction
UNIQUE Active retained
Now grants UNIQUE Aura – Legion
Other Items
Spirit of the Ancient Golem Health reduced
Active Haste/Slow duration reduced
Passive Slow Duration reduced
Cost reduced
Passive Slow duration reduced
Cost reduced
Cost reduced
New Icons
Vampiric Scepter
Catalyst the Protector
Deathfire Grasp
Glacial Shroud
Abyssal Scepter
Thornmail
Hextech Revolver
Haunting Guise
Summoner's Rift
Spawn time increased to 2:05 from 1:55
Spawn time increased to 2:05 from 1:55
Spawn time increased to 2:05 from 1:55
Base experience granted reduced to 260 from 340
Base experience granted reduced to 260 from 340
Base experience granted increased to 50 from 10
Base Health increased to 400 from 300
Twisted Treeline and Crystal Scar
Vilemaw now properly selects his melee attack for melee champions with more than 100 range
Vilemaw no longer twitches when players leave his lair
Lesser Wraith health now properly scales with time
Needlessly Large Rod removed
Deathfire Grasp removed
Liandry's Torment enabled
Seeker's Armguard enabled
Recipe: Seeker's Armguard + Negatron Cloak + Gold
+ Ability Power
+ Armor
+ Magic Resistance
UNIQUE Passive - Tenacity: Reduces the duration of stuns, slows, taunts, fears, silences, blinds, and immobilizes by 35%.
Reworked: Blasting Wand + Fiendish Codex + Gold
+ Ability Power
+ Cooldown Reduction
UNIQUE Active: Deals 20% of target champion's maximum Health in magic damage over 6 seconds and increases all subsequent magic damage taken by the target by 20% (60 second cooldown).
New Build Path: Seeker's Armguard + Blasting Wand + Amplifying Tome + Gold
Armor increased
Spiderlings are now less tanky overall, particularly against champions who build penetration. Spiderlings will also descend from Rappel after Elise does, so if Elise Rappels with tower aggro and no minions around, she'll be the first target to be hit after she lands (towers used to hit Spiderlings first). Rappel's will no longer allow Elise to travel outside of her indicated range.All of Ryze's spell ranges are reduced, but his base movement speed and movement speed gained from Desperate Power have been increased.Thresh will be more vulnerable at early levels but souls will now grant a flat bonus for each one collected, with no diminishing returns.Loaded Dice no longer grants global bonus gold – instead it gives Twisted Fate an overall higher amount of personal gold every time he kills a minion. Pick a Card now has a smaller window to throw the card after locking it instead of just a long window to both lock and throw the card.Baron Nashor will now take less physical and magical damage from targets affected by Voracious Corrosion (the single target debuff he can apply to whoever is tanking him) as opposed to directly reducing Attack Damage. Overall this means that soloing Baron with a sustained magic source will be far more difficult.Turrets will be harder to push down within the very early stages of the game. We've also corrected a minor bug where purple side inner turrets had slightly more armor than intended.Two new magic resistance items have been added to the game, with one being an upgrade for Hexdrinker and the other being a mid-level MR item to build out to Spirit Visage and Banshee's Veil.Runic Bulwark has been removed from the game. Aegis of the Legion now builds into Locket of the Iron Solari.All camps outside of buff camps will now spawn later in the game. Some experience has been moved back from the Ancient Golem and Lizard Elder to their Young Lizard spawns so now junglers will need to clear the full camp in order to hit level 2, as opposed to simply killing the buff monster.Needlessly Large Rod and Deathfire Grasp removed from these map modes, with more mid-level AP items added into the game, including Liandry's Torment, Seeker's Armguard, and Moonflair Spellblade – a mid-tier defensive AP item. Blackfire Torch now has the active ability of Deathfire Grasp.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A MILLIONAIRE Tory MSP has been accused of trying to exploit his parliamentary position to further his business interests.
Alexander Burnett has lodged five questions in Holyrood raising concerns about the planning process for a proposed housing development in his constituency.
The MSP is a major shareholder of rival developers the Bancon Group, who have opposed the proposal. And opponents claim he has a clear conflict of interest.
The row centres on plans to have farmland near Banchory zoned for housing, with the aim of building 300 homes, mainly for private rent.
The Braehead scheme is being promoted by Ken Ross, through his firm Ross Developments and Renewables, acting as agent for landowner and former Grampian Foods chairman Alfred Duncan.
Burnett has opposed the plans and, in his role as an MSP, he has been asking questions about Ross's dealings with the Scottish Government.
The Aberdeenshire West MSP's involvement has sparked controversy as he is a member of the wealthy Burnett of Leys family, who own large parts of the north side of Banchory.
His parliamentary register of interests lists several directorships and shareholdings that all focus on developing the north side of the town, where Burnett is the main landowner.
A local source said: “This proposed development is to the south of the town and would open up development in zones where the Burnetts have no property interest.
“Burnett has previously lobbied Aberdeenshire Council and called for further development to be allowed only on the northern side of the town, much of which is owned by his family's estate.
“Braehead would provide much-needed rented, affordable and assisted living homes in an area where there is a chronic shortage.
“In fairness, there are probably some reasonable planning grounds against the development.
“However, Burnett is clearly using his influence to turn local opinion against the project and abusing his position as an MSP to bang the drum for an inquiry.
“He's making this about lobbying to divert from the fact he's trying to edge out the competition in the local housing market.”
Local SNP councillor Geva Blackett claimed Burnett has acted inappropriately.
She said: “This is nothing short of a brazen attempt by Alexander Burnett to exploit his position as an MSP and edge out the competition in the local housing market to benefit his own business.
“Using his status to influence process is a clear conflict of interests and should set alarm bells ringing among his constituents.
“Mr Burnett is a big-time businessman, but part-time parliamentarian and he needs to work out where his priorities lie.”
A spokeman for the Scottish Conservatives said Burnett was concerned that Ken Ross was unfairly exploiting contacts at the Scottish Government.
Ross is on the board of the Scottish Property Federation and represents them on the Scottish Government's joint housing policy and delivery droup, where he meets regularly with Ministers and civil servants. He contacted the Government about the Braehead proposal, despite it being an issue for Aberdeenshire Council.
The Tory spokesman added: “This is a controversial development which hundreds have objected to. Alexander was asking these questions on behalf of a constituent, as any good local MSP would.
“It is ironic the SNP should complain about this when the other agent in question is one of their advisers on housing matters.”
Last week, Bancon Construction announced they had won contracts worth more than £20million. One of them will see the firm build 80 homes at Manor Walk in Aberdeen.
Forestry officials in western India may have identified a man-eating lion suspected of a spate of attacks, they said Wednesday, after finding traces of human hair and tissue in the animal's faeces.
Seven lion attacks in villages near the Gir wildlife sanctuary in Gujarat state have killed three people since March, while four victims have suffered serious injuries.
A pride of 17 endangered Asiatic lions, which only live in the forest in Gujarat, have been captured in the past month.
Officials have been monitoring the big cats' behaviour and examining their faeces to identify the culprits.
"The scat analysis, that is an analysis of lion excreta, has shown remains of human hair and tissue in at least one of the lions captured," U.A. Vora, a forest conservator, told AFP.
"This lion has been isolated and will be kept in isolation in captivity forever," he said.
Vora said that even with the discovery of human tissue, the animal would undergo further investigations to establish whether it deliberately attacked humans.
He said forestry officials have undertaken a "massive" awareness drive to warn people living in villages about the lions, telling them not to sleep in open fields.
One wildlife expert told AFP the lions may have attacked because a rising human population had blocked their natural corridors -- the route by which lions move from one area to another in search of prey.
"The government needs to come up with a long-term plan to open these blocked corridors to stop human-animal conflict," independent expert Divyabhanu Singh said.
In May a 14-year-old boy was killed by a lioness in a mango orchard in the district's Ambardi village, with his father also injured in the attack.
In April a lion killed a 50-year-old woman in a nearby village as she slept in an open field.
Asiatic lions, slightly smaller than their African cousins and with a fold of skin along their bellies, have been increasing in numbers in Gir, with 523 recorded in the latest census.
Conservationists have suggested some of the lions be relocated to a different sanctuary, to reduce human-animal conflict and avoid their being wiped out by disease or natural disaster.
The Asiatic lion was listed as endangered in 2008, up from critically endangered in 2000, after numbers improved in the forest.
The filth of humanity unvieled: Raping and murdering a 5-year-old boy
0 SHARES Email
The terrorists who attacked and massacred children in Peshawar, murderers who end lives all around the world, or States that wage wars on the innocent, are not the worst. For me, even the most vicious of murders is surpassed, in brutality and inhumanity, by rape.
The act of sexually assaulting or abusing another human being is way worse than taking a life. Both acts – of rape and murder – coupled together give us a glimpse of humanity at its worst. And both acts coupled against a child, is rock bottom.
A five-year-old boy was raped, murdered and hanged in my city. The awareness of living in such close proximity to some of the vilest predators ever is enough to send shivers of disgust down the spine of any parent. But it is not just Lahore or Pakistan. This filth of the earth wanders in all parts of the world.
This act does not surprise or disgust me just because it was in Pakistan, or because it was in a mosque – a place of worship; it does not matter where it occurs, or which religion the perpetrator subscribes to. A person who can stoop low enough to commit such an act is not a Muslim, Christian, Jew, Hindu or atheist. He is not human; it feels wrong to refer to them even as animals.
They are just rapists: the worst and filthiest form of life on earth.
The news story of the five-year-old boy outraged many. What disturbed me more were comments attributing Pakistan's and Islam's apparent plight to this vile act. Similar implications are made against India and Hinduism whenever the crime is committed in their territory. But these creatures exist in all religions, in all corners of the world.
In Dublin, Ireland, a girl was sexually abused for five years by several men, allegedly with her mother's consent. She was four-years-old when this started.
In South Africa in 2001, a nine-month-old baby was raped by six men, aged between 24 and 66, after the infant had been left unattended by her teenage mother.
Last year, a 51-year-old man in Ohio, US, raped a five-year-old girl and had the audacity to blame the child for his act.
A 14-year-old boy was allegedly raped by a minister in the UK, 30 years ago.
Even to mention only the worst of the worst of such acts would take up hundreds of pages. It's not just the slums of the earth, or a particular religion or country. Rapists have been around as long as humans have. They aren't just a plague on humanity but on the universe. They do not deserve to be owned by a religion, a nation or species.
I wish the world could come up with a common law to deal with these creatures. While murderers, thieves and other criminals may be subjected to imprisonment and death sentences, there needs to be a different approach towards rapists. There ought to be an area in the world especially allocated for housing these creatures; detached from the rest of the world and all other life forms; humans, animals and even plants.
The global community should agree upon stripping convicted rapists of their nationality. They should not be referred to as a citizen of any nation or follower of any religion. Fundamental human rights need not be extended to these creatures. Dump them on an especially designed facility that ensures the rest of their lives to be torturous, and let them deal with each other. They may choose to make peace with God by repenting, but their vicious attack on humanity should deny them any chance of making peace with humans.
The following is from Adjuncts and Contingents Together Washington, a project of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local 925:
SEATTLE (June 5, 2014) — Seattle University contingent faculty declared victory Wednesday in their union campaign to join thousands of non-tenure track faculty nationwide in a rapidly growing movement.
“We are encouraged by the strong support and the great turnout among adjunct and contingent faculty, and we are very confident that we won the vote,” said SU contingent faculty member Louisa Edgerly.
Voting ended on June 2, and ballots have been impounded pending a decision on SU administration's appeal to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) in Washington, D.C. SEIU Local 925, the contingent faculty union, will file a special appeal to the NLRB for the ballots to be counted.
“We ask our administration to drop their appeal, respect the democratic process, and allow the votes to be counted. We are committed to work towards success, and we will continue our organizing effort as long as it takes. We look forward to getting to the bargaining table with the administration, and establishing an effective dialogue with Seattle University,” said Edgerly.
Over 700 students, alumni and faculty have demanded that SU administration respect the right of contingent faculty to vote on forming a union. The Student Government of Seattle University also released a statement asking that the appeal be dropped.
Even with no guarantee of having a job the next semester, adjunct and contingent faculty are bravely speaking out in unprecedented ways – forming unions from coast to coast, taking action online and offline, and uniting across employers and cities to raise standards for all educators, improve the quality of education, and win the good jobs that will get our economy moving again.
The next contingent faculty union election in Seattle will be at Antioch University. Ballots will be mailed out July 7 and are due back by July 23. Antioch University Seattle faculty member Alex Suarez, said, “I am delighted that Antioch University Seattle, following its longstanding tradition of social justice, is getting ready to vote for unionization. Our union will ensure that the voice of the faculty is clearly heard and attended to within the university. Through our union, my colleagues and I will be empowered to improve the conditions that foster learning and development in students and quality of life for all. I hope everyone realizes how good this can be for everyone in Academia. These are such exciting times!”
ALSO at The Stand — Seattle U's union avoidance contrary to Catholic teachings (May 2, 2014)
Over the past couple of weeks I have seen a couple of blog posts on various Christian websites attacking the bikini. Posts urging girls to avoid wearing bikinis when they go to the beach at the summer, as otherwise guys won't be able to resist the temptation to lust. I want to take a different angle. I want to suggest that bikinis are not the problem.
I mean, it is a bit crazy when you think about it. If the solution to prevent guys lusting is a less revealing swimsuit, then what makes a one piece swimsuit ok? Speaking as a guy, I have seen people wear both one piece swimsuits and bikinis, with the only real exception being that one piece swimsuits cover the abdomen area. They both cling to the same curves. But if keeping the abdomen covered is going to stop guys lusting, why stop there? Why not cover the arms and legs too? And why stop there? Why not have segregated beaches, so that guys don't even have to see girl's faces at the beach. If you really want to cut out lust you'd buy in to that, right?
You see I think the bikini haters, while good minded and well intended, are approaching things wrong. Surely if the problem is guys being tempted to lust, the answer isn't to force girls to cover up more (as that starts a slippery slope that ends in a burqa). Surely the answer is to address the heart of the issue, which, I believe, is the heart.
We live in a society that tells us the sole reason that God created woman was to be eye candy (actually, that isn't strictly true, we live in a society that tells us women evolved from monkeys to be eye candy, but that is a matter for another day…). We live in a society in which guys are told to expect, even demand, bodily perfection from women. A society where sexy is used as a sales tactic. A society in which peer pressure and apps like snapchat encourage the spread of intimate photos as part of a normal dating relationship. We live in a society that puts absolutely no value on purity. Many of the most popular movies and songs take the attitude that girls are second rate, and only exist for guys' enjoyment, to pleasure men. And in the midst of this we expect Christian guys to remain pure, to “Fix [our] thoughts on what is true, and honorable, and right, and pure, and lovely, and admirable. [To] think about things that are excellent and worthy of praise.” Phil 4:8. An impossible task, right?
Jesus had this saying for impossible tasks. In Matthew 19:26 he tells the disciples “Humanly speaking, it is impossible. But with God everything is possible.” With God, everything is possible. Everything. Even purity of thought. Even avoidance of lust.
In Galatians 5 Paul talks about the battle for control of our lives. There is a struggle going on between our old sinful nature, and the Holy Spirit. When we let our sinful nature control our lives the following evil results are present – “sexual immorality, impure thoughts, eagerness for lustful pleasure” (Gal 5:19). “But when the Holy Spirit controls our lives, he will produce this kind of fruit in us: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control” (Gal 5:22-23). For Paul, purity isn't a matter of what your eye sees. Purity is a matter of who is controlling your heart.
If we want to avoid impure thoughts, if we want to “run from anything that stimulates youthful lusts” (2 Timothy 2:22), the answer isn't demanding girls cover up more. Because that just addresses the immediate cause of the temptation, not the core root. The quest for purity goes deeper than surface level swimwear. It is a battle that needs to be waged in our hearts. We need to surrender to the Holy Spirit. We need to let Him control our hearts, and fill us with new desires. Desires for purity rather than lustful pleasures. As Paul continues in verses 24-25 “Those who belong to Christ Jesus have nailed the passions and desires of their sinful nature to his cross and crucified them there. If we are living now by the Holy Spirit, let us follow the Holy Spirit's leading in every part of our lives.”
This summer, let's not blame the bikini when we find ourselves caught up in lustful thoughts. Let's look to the deeper problem, the heart issue, and focus on addressing that, through prayer and absolute surrender to the Holy Spirit's power and control. And as lust isn't just a Y chromosome issue, girls – please follow Paul's advice too. And you never know – when you have surrender to the Holy Spirit's control you may even find you no longer wish to wear a bikini to the beach…
The details of the videogame industry and how it operates are slowly becoming more and more of interest to the general public, as with many other forms of media, we are becoming less satisfied with simply consuming it and seek out details of the who, how, when and why of how videogames are made. This session aims to give the lowdown on the current state of the industry, how it has developed and where it's headed.
Edward Stern, Splash Damage
Edward Stern is Lead Writer at Splash Damage, one of the most successful independent game development studios in the UK. He studied History and English at Glasgow University (1990-94) and in 2002 he somehow landed a job in game development working for Splash Damage, then a mod team just turned professional, specialising in First-Person Shooters. He worked on Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory, Enemy Territory: Quake Wars and Brink, for which he received a Writers' Guild nomination.
https://twitter.com/edstern
The Bulgarian Parliament has overwhelmingly given the green light to a proposed ban on the wearing of burqas in the country, with only eight Members of Parliament voting against it.
The bill's approval means that Bulgaria is on track to becoming the third European country, after France and the Netherlands, to ban clothing that covers the face in public places. Women who defy the ban will be fined 200 leva (£80) for the first offence, increasing to 1,500 leva and the cancelling of social benefits for subsequent offences, the Sofia Globe has reported.
In addition, those who persuade others to wear the veil will be fined 5,000 leva and face up to three years in prison, while for those who persuade minors to wear the veil the penalties are increased to 10,000 leva and a maximum of five years' jail time.
The bill was tabled by the Patriotic Front (PF), who have already been instrumental in getting local bans put in place. The text makes it clear that the bill is aimed at “the aggressive enforcement of limits to personal freedom and human dignity of the women,” particularly in communities where “radical Islam exists,” reports Balkan Insight.
It was supported by the majority of the National Assembly's 240 members, while the eight votes against came from Parliamentarians representing the Movement for Rights and Freedoms (MRF), and Turkish-rights party DOST. There were no abstentions.
The majority was not unexpected, however, as the bill was widely supported during the committee stages, with only the MRF putting up any meaningful opposition.
During the debate Lyutvi Mestan, the leader of DOST and former chair of the MRF called the bill “comic and pathetic”. MRF member Tuncher Kardjaliev, said the draft law addressed an artificial problem and slammed it as “pure populism”. And his MRF colleague Hamid Hamid said there was no need for a ban as the garment is only worn by a small number of Roma Salafists in the city of Pazardjik.
But Julian Angelov from the PF hit back: “The fact that we have 20 or 100 women with burqas does not mean that we should wait for them to become 150,000.”
The ban will cover Bulgarian citizens, migrants, and temporary residents, and applies to all public areas including parks, public and private transport, schools and gardens, but will not apply to private homes or places of worship. Exceptions may be made for medical or professional reasons, and during sporting and cultural events.
Muslims account for about 12 per cent of Bulgaria's population, and mostly belong to a centuries old population made up mostly of ethnic Turks, among which the wearing of the veil is not common. But the garment has gained popularity with Roma Salafists living mostly in the central city of Pazardjik.
The city already has a regional ban, put in place in April to diffuse tension between communities and to boost security following the terrorist attacks on Paris and Brussels.
“I am tired to hear that Pazardjik is the town of the burqas. We want to say aloud that we are not that, but a town of responsible people and we will be associated with other achievements,” Mayor Todor Popov told national radio at the time, according to the Telegraph.
Spain 2018 Shirts
The Spanish national team played their first international against Belgium in Bilbao, Spain on the 7th October 1921 winning 2-0. The Spanish play their home games in the stadia across Spain.
Recently Spain have won their last three major tournaments the 2008 & 2012 UEFA Euro and the 2010 FIFA World Cup. They did win the second European Championship ever held in 1964 and the 1992 Olympics when they hosted them but have struggled in all other tournaments, notably the World Cup.
Spain have had several iconic players to play for their nation including Raul Gonzalez, David Villa, Iker Casillas, Andoni Zubizarreta, Fernando Torres, Fernando Hierro, Xavi Hernandez, Andres Iniesta, Xabi Alonso and Emilio Butragueno.
'La Roja' or Spain are arguably the best international team in the world today as the side have won three consecutive major tournaments, the 2008 & 2012 UEFA Euro and the 2010 FIFA World Cup boasting world class players in their current roster including Xavi Hernandez, Andres Iniesta, Cesc Fabregas, Gerard Pique, Iker Casillas and David Silva. Spain's home shirt was designed and created for the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup and features a red shirt with yellow and blue trim manufactured by adidas where the most notable feature is the V-neck yellow collar and their away shirt is sky blue with a dark blue diagonal band across the chest.
World Cup Kits
For the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil, Spain scrapped their navy shorts and went for a classic red colour. Gold accents were included to symbolise the nation's golden era of football. The away shirt saw a black and electricity design to reflect Spain's night-life in cities including Madrid and Barcelona.
The 2014 World Cup Spain away kit offers an elegant black and neon coloured shirt which is inspired by meaningful features of the cheerful, alive, bustling, social and colourful Spanish culture. The three neon stripes contrasted with a total black, symbolizes the encouragement of the Spanish followers that will take place on the upcoming summer nights.
Since their first FIFA World Cup in 1934, Spain have always played in variations on a standard red shirt with yellow trim and blue shorts design. The style of the trim has varied, often to incorporate the adidas signature three stripe design, while the blue of the shorts has occasionally strayed from navy shorts to a more electric shade of blue. The 1982 and 1990 home shirts for Spain are memorable ones where it used adidas three stripes for the first time.
The kit of 2010 in which Spain won the competition for the first time, with its thin yellow trim on the front panel, round collar and dark shorts will also hold a special place in Spanish hearts for some time to come.
The nation's most famous World Cup kit must be the one which lifted La Roja's first ever World Cup trophy in South Africa in 2010. Featuring the likes of Spanish legends Xavi Hernandez, Andres Iniesta, Xabi Alonso, Fernando Torres, Cesc Fabregas and many more the shirt will be an icon for many years to come.
Other notable Spanish kits included the one used at the 1994 FIFA World Cup which took Spain to the quarter-finals. Three stripes down the left, made of yellow and navy diamonds, offered a unique quality that also featured on the navy shorts and socks. The kit is also helped by its association with some iconic names of the era such as Fernando Hierro, Miguel Angel Nadal and Luis Enrique.
adidas have produced Spanish shirts for several decades starting in the early 80's to now. Their iconic yellow stripes on a red base make this shirt one of the most recognisable in modern football history.
When talking about away kits Spain have used an array of colours but they have mostly been either dark blue, blue, light blue, white and gold. A notable away kit used from 2008 to 2010 saw a gold display with dark blue trim.
© Copyright 2006 - 2018 FootballShirts.com
First lady Melania Trump is either blissfully unaware of the heat she took last week for her “storm stilettos,” or she doesn't care what people think. On Sept. 2, on their way to a second visit to hurricane-ravaged Houston, she once again strode with her husband across the White House lawn in sky-high heels.
The Trumps departed from Andrews Air Force Base outside Washington, D.C., just before 10 a.m. Saturday en route to Houston. They're returning to Texas for a second visit since the megastorm hit and will also visit neighboring Louisiana.
One week after Harvey slammed into southeast Texas as a Category 4 hurricane, rescuers were still searching by air and boat for people trapped in flooded homes.
View photos Photo: Getty Images More
On her first visit to Houston after the hurricane, the first lady took a lot of flak on the internet and elsewhere in the media for her shoes. Although she tried to pull together a utilitarian look for the occasion, her stilettos threw people off.
She was photographed on Aug. 29 heading from the White House to Marine One wearing an all-black ensemble of cropped tailored trousers and a simple black top, fittingly accompanied by an Army-green bomber.
Melania's commitment to Top Gun cosplay is admirable https://t.co/SWApvQINgQ — Meredith Blake (@MeredithBlake) August 29, 2017
In a rare move, and perhaps in a nod to critics, FLOTUS on Sept. 2 wore a $1,590 Ralph Lauren safari shirtdress. She first wore the dress during a trip to Saudi Arabia, styled with a large brown leather belt.
The couple was followed by an aide carrying two large Louis Vuitton overnight bags, both retailing between $2,000 and $4,000.
View photos Photo: Getty Images More
Despite — or perhaps because of — the high-quality style of the first lady's ensemble, it appears that she changed her clothes on the way to Texas. By the time the couple arrived at Houston's Ellington Field Mrs. Trump was dressed in a more sensible outfit of slacks, denim shirt, and a pair of low-top sneakers.
View photos The president and Melania arrive in Houston on September 2, 2017. (Photo: AP) More
Read more from Yahoo Style + Beauty:
Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day. For Twitter updates, follow @YahooStyle and @YahooBeauty.
Get ready to send a thank-you note to students at the University of Washington, where a group of electrical engineers is trying to solve the eternal struggle of Wi-Fi battery drain. It's a problem that's rapidly getting worse than more and more devices require access to the cloud, not to mention the constant strain of searching for a good signal or boosting a weak one.
The student researchers invented a new type of hardware that uses 10,000 times less power than traditional Wi-Fi networking equipment. It's called Passive Wi-Fi, (you can read their paper here) and it works just like a home router, just more efficiently. To give some perspective, the state of the art in low power Wi-Fi transmissions today consume 100s of milliwatts of power, whereas the technology the student researchers developed consume only 10-50 microwatts—10,000 times lower power.
Wi-Fi typically requires two radios to communicate back and forth, and it takes a lot of energy to discern the signal from the noise because there may be several devices using the same frequency (2.4 GHz or 5 GHz). Each device has an RF transmitter that creates a radio wave and a baseband chip that encodes that radio wave with data. With Passive Wi-Fi, instead of each device using an analog radio frequency to receive and transmit a signal, just one produces a radio frequency. That frequency is relayed to your Wi-Fi-enabled device via separate, passive sensors that have only the baseband chip and an antenna and require almost no power. Those sensors pick up the signal and mirror it in a way that sends readable Wi-Fi to any device that has a Wi-Fi chipset in it.
This may sound a lot like a mesh network, with the signal bouncing from antenna point to antenna point, but it's not. A mesh network uses multiple routers, with full analog RF transmitters and digital baseband chips to receive and rebroadcast a signal.
“The low power passive device isn't transmitting anything at all. It's creating Wi-Fi packets just by reflection," says Vamsi Talla, another student working on the project. "It's a transmission technique that's ultra low-powered, as opposed to a network device.”
That "reflection" happens via a process called “backscatter,” and the students at UW have created Wi-Fi equipment that sends out a signal via backscatter instead of using a full radio signal.
Right now most devices do not have the backscatter hardware inside of them to send Wi-Fi packets back to the Internet-connected router. But if this technology takes off, it could increase the amount of devices that are connected to the Internet because it nearly nullifies previous energy constraints of making a device Wi-Fi compatible.
To be clear, Passive Wi-Fi still requires running one Wi-Fi router, and Wi-Fi routers aren't super energy efficient. The Environmental Projection Agency even created an Energy Star certification for home networking devices in 2013 to try to encourage the manufacture of less energy intensive devices. According to the EPA's website, "If all small network equipment sold in the United States were ENERGY STAR certified, the energy cost savings would grow to more than $590 million each year and more than 7 billion pounds of annual greenhouse gas emissions would be prevented." The energy savings with Passive Wi-Fi come from the Wi-Fi transmission chipset in devices that communicate via wireless Internet, not the router connected to the initial uplink.
It's hard to say what this will do for your battery life, because there are so many components in a device that impact that—like the screen, for example. "But using Passive Wi-Fi would improve battery life by about as much as turning your Wi-Fi off would," said Bryce Kellogg, an electrical engineering graduate student at UW who co-developed Passive Wi-Fi.
In the future, these passive sensors may even end up in our devices themselves, reflecting packets to send back to the router instead of broadcasting new transmitter waves. For now, using the hardware can reduce the energy used to spread Wi-Fi to devices.
“Our passive Wi-Fi devices now talk up to 11 megabits per second,” said Kellogg. For comparison's sake, that's 11 times faster than Bluetooth. One of the main selling points of devices communicating via Bluetooth rather than Wi-Fi has been Bluetooth's comparatively low energy consumption. But Passive Wi-Fi is 1,000 times more energy efficient than Bluetooth, and the network can be secured like any Wi-Fi signal can, unlike Bluetooth.
11 megabits per second might be faster than Bluetooth, but it's slower than most home broadband connections. "While backscatter radio technology typically has less range and reliability and lower data rates than active radios, you wouldn't use this type of communication to watch a YouTube video," Chris Valenta, an engineer at the Georgia Tech Research Institute told WIRED. "For many Internet of Things applications, however, this technology is perfect. Radios typically account for the largest power draw of any cell phone."
Wi-Fi hasn't always been the best choice for connecting our Internet-ready smart devices because of its power constraints. “Communication tends to be a big portion of smart home devices' power budget,” said Kellogg.
For now, Passive Wi-Fi is a laboratory-controlled research project, but in the future, these passive sensors may end up as part of the ubiquitous hardware construction of Wi-Fi connected devices. That would mean that our electronics would be reflecting packets to send back to the router instead of always broadcasting new transmitter waves to communicate via Wi-Fi. But even now, using the students' hardware can reduce the energy used to spread Wi-Fi to devices.
"Passive Wi-Fi uses only a few simple components, so it would be very cheap and easy to integrate into existing devices like smartphones or tablets. Additionally, it could even reuse the antenna already inside those devices," Kellogg added.
"This type of technology is really meant to reduce the power consumption of the transmitter to enable IoT devices to send small amounts of data back and forth," says Valenta. As more and more of our smart devices rely on batteries instead of needing to be plugged directly into the wall, conserving battery power will continue to be an important issue with how we use our electronics. And according to the student researchers, companies are already tapping them on the shoulder to see if their vision of a less energy consumptive, increasingly networked world might one day be a reality.
The highlights have a way of getting stuck in your head and playing on an endless loop whenever the thought of a Bulls-Cavs series comes up. If you've been emotionally invested in Tom Thibodeau and Derrick Rose's Bulls since their inception, it's an unavoidable reality on the precipice of a playoff matchup four years in the making.
There's an afternoon game in Miami in 2012 when LeBron James swung around the baseline, saw only John Lucas III standing between himself and the hoop, and literally jumped over him to hammer home a two-handed alley-oop. There was a game two years earlier, back when LeBron was ringless and had been diagnosed with a deficiency of the clutch chromosome, when he took James Johnson off the dribble and sent him to heaven with a one-handed tomahawk dunk.
There was a 37-12-11 playoff game when LeBron buried six three-pointers and only needed 17 shots total to do it. There was the omnipresent defeatism of him switching onto Derrick Rose in crunch-time back in 2011, when everyone in the building knew no one else on the Bulls would be able to get their own offense going.
This is the Bulls' history with LeBron James, one of the two best players of the era and the guy who has stomped out their playoff hopes three times before. Along the way, there's been open-floor shoves, gritty form tackles and a few life-affirming victories in which the Bulls really did seem to personify each of the tired cliches Tom Thibodeau enforces daily.
Now the Bulls are ready for their next shot. It might as well be their best shot and their last shot with Thibodeau, too. It's been a long time coming.
Sports don't hit home unless you know the context, and with this series the context is heavy enough to bludgeon you. A Cleveland sports team hasn't won a championship in 51 years. LeBron came home, wrote a letter, signed a contract and then traded Andrew Wiggins for Kevin Love as soon as the ink was dry.
Much like his foray in Miami, there were early struggles. Cleveland was 19-20, Love seemed lost and LeBron looked old. He took a two week vacation to Miami, saw his team trade for a starting center and a pair of wings and suddenly the Cavs turned into the juggernaut everyone had expected. In the first round of the playoffs, they lost Love for the season and J.R. Smith for the first two games of this series.
The Bulls' path was even more trying. Rose essentially missed three consecutive postseasons during his prime following that five-game loss to Miami in 2011, and the year he's finally "back" included another torn knee ligament. That team from 2011 is long gone. Kyle Korver was traded for a salary cap exception that was never used and promptly turned into an All-Star. The subsequent gamble on Richard Hamilton backfired, Luol Deng was traded and Omer Asik signed elsewhere in free agency.
In their wake, Joakim Noah peaked during Rose's absence and cratered as soon as he got back. The good and the bad of Pau Gasol was added to the mix. Jimmy Butler went from a 24-year-old who couldn't shoot to a 25-year-old who averaged 20 points per game in a contract year.
It all leads us too tonight to Game 1 of this series in Cleveland. We've seen the Bulls take the opening playoff game from a LeBron team twice in the playoffs before. With Love out for good and Smith coming back once this series heads to Chicago on Friday, it's paramount the Bulls find a way to steal a game in Cleveland. If you've followed this team all year, it seems like they're capable of doing it.
This season's Bulls have a defining quality, and no one can say for sure if it's a positive or a negative one quite yet. We've seen the Bulls get thumped at home by Orlando, Utah, Miami and Charlotte. We've also seen them go into Oracle and become the last team to beat the Warriors in their own building. We've seen them dominate in the Cavs in February without Butler as Rose torched Kyrie Irving, the role players hit threes and the big men controlled the glass.
These Bulls have a way of playing up or down to the competition. It's a frustrating character trait when they lose to bad teams but perhaps it will pay off the other way in a series they're as hyped for as this one. The Bulls respect LeBron, but they don't like him. How could they after everything he's put them through?
In James and Irving, Cleveland still has the two best offensive players in this series. The Bulls have more depth at every position. The Cavaliers now have to figure out how to win without Love while the Bulls are as healthy as they've been all year, even if a couple key cogs are still beat up. Such is life when it comes to this team since Thibodeau took over.
The supporting cast for each side may just determine things. James' teams always seem to find a way to get unlikely contributions from role players; if the Bulls are going to win this series, the 3-10 of their roster needs to be better than Cleveland's.
Can anyone box out Tristan Thompson? Will Tony Snell catch fire and pour in three-pointers or will he miss badly and get benched? Will Mozgov's size advantage completely neutralize Noah, or will Joakim's quickness win the battle? Is Mike Dunleavy going to uppercut someone? Will J.R. Smith win the Cavs more games than he loses them upon his return?
At the center of it all is James, Irving, Rose and Butler. Butler has blossomed to become the Bulls' best player this season and is as good of a matchup for LeBron as there is in the Eastern Conference. Don't forget: LeBron has to guard Butler now, too (unless they "hide" him on Noah). Rose vs. Irving should be incredible: Kyrie is a diabolical scorer but a poor defender; Rose is woefully inconsistent but has a way of getting up for matchups against All-Stars. Going into this series, most people believe Irving is a better player than Rose, as they should. How do you think Rose feels about that?
The games are going to be tense, physical and anxious. It's going to be fun and terrible at the same time.
The Bulls can win. Cleveland won't defend like Milwaukee did. There are options within Thibodeau's roster, he just needs to pull the right strings. It will all probably come down to a handful of possessions, and we know how much variance there can be in that.
I just know I'm ready for it. After everything this franchise has been through with Rose and with Thibodeau, this series feels like it could be an end or a beginning at the same time. There's that much riding on it. Finally, it isn't a hypothetical anymore. The Bulls have an opportunity, and that's really all you can ask for.
Even though Eric Fisher is still recovering from a high ankle sprain I am still surprised by this report from Aaron Wilson of the Houston Chronicle that Jah Reid, not Fisher, is expected to start at right tackle. This is unconfirmed at the moment but inactives will be out at 10:30 a.m.
Chiefs tackle Eric Fisher expressed concern about his high ankle sprain to team, Jah Reid expected to line up right tackle against J.J. Watt — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) September 13, 2015
The Chiefs listed Fisher as questionable entering the game but Andy Reid was talking throughout the week as if it was more likely that he would play. This means that Jah Reid, who was signed just last week, will be starting at right tackle, according to the Aaron Wilson report. Earlier this week Reid announced that Fisher would be playing right tackle while Donald Stephenson would play left tackle.
The Chiefs now need to have a plan for a third tackle. Maybe Fisher is active and will only play in an emergency. Or perhaps Jeff Allen, who is also dealing with an injury, is active and acts as the third tackle.
I don't expect this to happen to Jeff Allen but last year a new right tackle (Ryan Harris) started the season in place of the suspended Stephenson and never gave the job up.
Update: As our pal Herbie Teope points out, perhaps the field conditions played into this decision.
The Chiefs aren't happy with the condition of the field here in Houston. This is one seam... http://t.co/y9Vr8y0VGr pic.twitter.com/Zh7LWVqAfj — Adam Teicher (@adamteicher) September 13, 2015
Another update: More confirmations...
A source confirms Fisher told the #Chiefs he wanted to opt out of starting Sunday bc of his left high ankle sprain. @AaronWilson_NFL 1st. — Terez A. Paylor (@TerezPaylor) September 13, 2015
arrow-down arrow-left-thin arrow-left arrow-right-thin arrow-right arrow-up circle-stroke close-t close content_type_image content_type_yt hint_circle_hand hint_circle_hand_circ hint_grab_hand house icon_categories icon_clock icon_howhelp icon_howhelp_ODL ipad link-external play plus-t plus rotate social_gplus social_mail social_pinterest tree_menu_mobile tree_mobile tree_mobile_old type_image type_video waystohelp_burger
Featured Content TIME MODE CATEGORIES How can I help?
Leave a Suggestion Do you have a brilliant idea to help the parks become zero landfill? Let us know. Submit Thanks for your suggestion!
Invite your friends and family to do the same by sharing your great idea. Share On Facebook
NAVIGATE BY DRAGGING CLICK CIRCLES TO OPEN TAP CIRCLES TO OPEN SELECT YEAR RING OR MONTH DOT CLICK AND DRAG TO SELECT YEAR 2015 Explore Years Months Y EARS M ONTHS D AYS Tree About Back Details View Over a Decade of Subaru Environmental Progress. Zero Landfill From becoming America's first Zero-Landfill automaker, with all waste recycled or reused, to our current National Park Zero-Landfill initiative. Start Exploring Years Months Explore Years Months Y EARS M ONTHS Back How Can I Help? Table Of Contents How Can I Help? Ways to help parks reach zero landfill Table of Contents
Please Rotate Device to Landscape Mode
Redskins right tackle Tyler Polumbus, left, and safety Reed Doughty talk in front of their lockers as they pack up their belongings at the Redskins practice facility in Ashburn.
Jan. 7, 2013 Redskins right tackle Tyler Polumbus, left, and safety Reed Doughty talk in front of their lockers as they pack up their belongings at the Redskins practice facility in Ashburn. John McDonnell/The Washington Post
The most successful and captivating Redskins season in a very long time ended Sunday with a 24-14 loss to the Seattle Seahawks. The next day, the team went back to its practice facility in Ashburn, this time to pack things up.
The most successful and captivating Redskins season in a very long time ended Sunday with a 24-14 loss to the Seattle Seahawks. The next day, the team went back to its practice facility in Ashburn, this time to pack things up.
The most successful and captivating Redskins season in a very long time ended Sunday with a 24-14 loss to the Seattle Seahawks. The next day, the team went back to its practice facility in Ashburn, this time to pack things up.
Hindsight is 20/20 except in Washington, where apparently the MRI machines aren't in focus, because Robert Griffin III is leaving on a jet plane, don't know when he'll be back again. He's Pensacola-bound Tuesday to be “examined” by Dr. James Andrews.
This is not good news. Andrews was in Washington on Sunday. Griffin was in Washington on Sunday. There were wonderful hospitals in Washington on Sunday, as there are every other day of the week. But the MRI exam taken of Griffin was open to interpretation, according to Coach Mike Shanahan, and Andrews was needed at the national championship game Monday night in Miami. So they're all Pensacola-bound. Perhaps they have a Magic Resonance Imaging machine there. That would be nice.
It was difficult to distinguish between old and new injuries on the MRI taken here, it seems. Maybe Andrews left his good eyeglasses back in the office. Although hundreds of thousands of medical degrees have been issued in Washington since Sunday night's game ended, Andrews has had his longer, so fine, let him take a good, close look. Even when we finally learn the answer to the big question — how bad is it? — a million little ones will remain, leaving Washington Redskins fans right back where they've been so many Januarys before: second-guessing, what-if-ing and finger pointing. If you thought this offseason would be different, think again.
Speaking of thinking again, it's easy to propose that Shanahan should have removed Griffin after the first time he went down hard, stayed down, and pulled off his helmet — his version of a distress signal. It's easy to say Griffin should not have been playing. And it's way too easy to make the Mike Comparison (Rizzo vs. Shanahan) and the Superstar Comparison (Stephen Strasburg vs. Griffin) and declare the Nats the winner.
What we know is that Strasburg will be rested and ready when he reports to Viera next month. What we don't know is when Griffin will be rested and ready again. What we know about Griffin is that he is a fitness freak, a workout warrior, and no matter the injury, my money's on him to recover from it. A knee injury, no matter the severity, isn't the guaranteed career-ender it was not so long ago.
The Washington Post's Mike Jones breaks down the Redskins' loss against the Seattle Seahawks and Robert Griffin III's injured knee. And find out what the team needs to do in the offseason to stay competitive next year. (The Washington Post)
What the Redskins hopefully have learned is that Griffin, while both savvy and smart, is not a doctor. He doesn't play one on TV, but apparently he plays one on the sideline and at Redskins Park. The coaching staff listened to his self-diagnosis, and because they desperately wanted to believe it, he was allowed to play, and keep playing. It must be hard to say no to Griffin, but someone has to be the grown-up. The Redskins have an entire coaching staff of grown-ups, including the grownup-est of all, Mike Shanahan. He would have been booed to Kingdom Come if he had sat RGIII after that first hit. So what? His job isn't in jeopardy; the Redskins are considering extending his contract.
Don't get me wrong: I think letting Griffin start Sunday was the right call. Letting Griffin continue to play after he went down the first time was not. It was clear he could run, sort of, but he couldn't cut and he had no burst. That's one of his weapons gone — and incidentally, without the notion that Griffin could break loose at any time, Alfred Morris's threat level is lowered considerably. It was also clear Griffin couldn't throw with his normal accuracy because he couldn't plant his injured leg. A quarterback who can't run and can't throw is . . . you or me. With Korey Lichtensteiger on the sideline, further depleting a banged-up offensive line, the Redskins needed to find a quarterback who could run and throw. If only they were allowed to have two on the active roster . . . oh wait!
And before the finger-pointing ends, let's direct our attention to the field conditions at FedEx. Was the field responsible for Griffin's second injury? It certainly didn't help. Asked about the field after the game, Griffin departed from his usual loquacious diplomacy and said simply, “That's just part of our home-field advantage.”
Read between those lines.
The field looked dreadful on TV (it was the first thing Joe Buck and Troy Aikman mentioned at the opening of the telecast), and a lot of players from both teams limped to the sidelines during the game. Some returned; others didn't. It has looked increasingly bad over the final home games of the regular season, but never as barren as it looked Sunday. There is no excuse for this; Landover is not Green Bay. Dan Snyder has been willing to spend a lot of money on FedEx Field; it's time to spend a lot of money on the field at FedEx.
“It's not a perfect field, we know that,” Shanahan said Monday, adding that he is not opposed to artificial turf and that the field is something the team will look at in the offseason. “. . . I thought the field was okay because I didn't see guys slipping. But you would like to have the perfect field, yes.”
Snyder has spent money for the best orthopedist money can buy. So are the Redskins listening to him? Depends on whom you ask. Shanahan tried Monday to clear up the confusion about what Andrews said and when, and as usual, the waters are merely muddier. Too bad, because Andrews is the perfect answer to the conundrum the Redskins faced Sunday. When an injured player wants to get back on the field and a coach wants to believe he's healthy enough, someone has to be King Solomon. Andrews seems suited for the part.
Sport does not embrace caution, nor does it celebrate a “me-first” attitude. Think of all canned sports quote you've ever heard, from “leaving it all on the field” to “giving 110 percent.” What is cliché to us is gospel to athletes — they really believe this stuff. It's asking a lot for one of them to change that attitude in the middle of his first playoff game.
That's why the decision needs to be made by someone, if you'll pardon another cliché, with no dog in the hunt. Andrews is paid by the Redskins but not beholden to them. If he's fired today, every other NFL team in the country will try to hire him. Plus he has a healthy little practice down South; he'll be fine.
Griffin, however, may not be. And until there is some hierarchy and cohesion in making decisions about injuries, during and between games, the Redskins may not be fine, either.
For previous columns by Tracee Hamilton, visit washingtonpost.
com/hamilton.
Alexander Mantashev was one of the world's wealthiest oil magnates and a major Armenian philanthropist of the early 20th century.
Alexander Mantashev (Russified from Mantashyan or Mantashyants) was born in 1842 in Tiflis – Tbilisi today, the capital of Georgia – which was a major hub for Armenian culture, society, politics, and trade around the turn of the 20th century. His early years were spent in Tabriz, in northern Persia (Iran), working in his father's textile business. This was followed by a significant stint in Manchester, England, the city being at the time a global centre of the cotton trade, including the involvement of major Armenian Diaspora players.
Mantashev continued to work in the family business upon returning to Tabriz in 1872, but began to diversify his entrepreneurial interests after his father's death in 1887. Tiflis served as a base, followed by Baku – today the capital of Azerbaijan – the oil fields of which produced as much as half the world's supply by around 1900. Mantashev competed against the likes of the Nobel brothers, the Rothschilds, and the Rockefeller family, amassing a vast fortune that ranked him among the wealthiest in the early years of the 20th century.
It was his philanthropic work that gave him lasting fame, however, especially in Armenian circles. Besides donating to the Armenian Church in general, the Armenian churches in Manchester and Paris were constructed due to his contributions, the latter resulting in a Légion d'honneur from the French president. Mantashev was also a big financer of education, founding both trade schools, special schools for orphans and the blind, as well as supporting the studies in Europe for the likes of Komitas Vartabed and Alexander Khatisian, to name only two profoundly significant contributors to Armenian history and culture. In addition, Mantashev was known to be personally humble and down-to-earth.
Alexander Mantashev died in 1911 in St. Petersburg. His body was brought to Tiflis for burial. The Russian Revolution a few years later resulted in the confiscation of the Mantashev businesses and fortune; the family fled abroad. In fact, even the church and the cemetery where Mantashev was buried were destroyed during the Soviet era. He is remembered today mostly in Armenia and Georgia as one of the most influential Armenians of the Caucasus and the Russian Empire during its final years.
Tracer ammunition (tracers) are bullets or cannon caliber projectiles that are built with a small pyrotechnic charge in their base. Ignited by the burning powder, the pyrotechnic composition burns very brightly, making the projectile trajectory visible to the naked eye during daylight, and very bright during nighttime firing. This enables the shooter to make aiming corrections without observing the impact of the rounds fired and without using the sights of the weapon. Tracer fire can also be used to signal to other shooters where to concentrate their fire during battle.
When used, tracers are usually loaded as every fifth round in machine gun belts, referred to as four-to-one tracer. Platoon and squad leaders will load some tracer rounds in their magazine or even use solely tracers to mark targets for their soldiers to fire on. Tracers are also sometimes placed two or three rounds from the bottom of magazines to alert the shooter that his weapon is almost empty. During World War II, aircraft with fixed machine guns or cannons mounted would sometimes have a series of tracer rounds added near the end of the ammunition belts, to alert the pilot that he was almost out of ammunition. However, this practice similarly alerted astute enemies that their foes were nearly out of ammunition. More often, however, the entire magazine was loaded four-to-one, on both fixed offensive and flexible defensive guns, to help mitigate the difficulties of aerial gunnery. Tracers were very common on most WWII aircraft, with the exception of night fighters, which needed to be able to attack and shoot down the enemy before they realized they were under attack, and without betraying their own location to the enemy defensive gunners. The United States relied heavily on tracer ammunition for the defensive Browning M2 .50 caliber machine guns on its heavy bombers such as the B-24 Liberator, but they found that during deflection shooting, gunners who tried to aim using the tracers rather than the sights ended up not "leading" the enemy aircraft enough and missing, because of an optical illusion that made it appear that the tracers were striking the aircraft, when in reality they were passing significantly behind it. This proved true of fixed forward firing guns as well. In some cases, gunners were ordered not to use tracer ammunition at all, but in the end, with greater emphasis during training on using the sights and not trusting the tracers, the problem was solved to a large degree.
Tracer rounds can also have a mild incendiary effect, and can ignite flammable substances on contact, provided the tracer compound has started burning and is still burning on impact.
History [ edit ]
Before the development of tracers, gunners relied on seeing their bullet impacts to adjust their aim. However, these were not always visible, especially as the effective range of ammunition increased dramatically during the later half of the 19th century, meaning the bullets could impact a mile or more away in long range area fire. In the early 20th century, ammunition designers developed "spotlight" bullets, which would create a flash or smoke puff on impact to increase their visibility. However, these projectiles were deemed in violation of the Hague Conventions' prohibition of "exploding bullets."[1] This strategy was also useless when firing at aircraft, as there was nothing for the projectiles to hit if they missed the target. Designers also developed bullets that would trail white smoke. However, these designs required an excessive amount of mass loss to generate a satisfactory trail. The loss of mass en route to the target severely affected the bullet's ballistics.
The United Kingdom was the first to develop and introduce a tracer round, a version of the .303 cartridge in 1915.[2] The United States introduced a .30-06 tracer in 1917.[3] Prior to adopting red (and later, other color) bullet tips for tracers, American tracers were identified by blackened cartridge cases.
Tracers proved useful as a countermeasure against Zeppelins used by Germany during World War I. The airships were used for reconnaissance, surveillance and bombing operations. Normal bullets merely had the effect of causing a slow leak, but tracers could ignite the hydrogen gasbags, and bring down the airship quickly.
In World War II US naval and marine aircrew were issued tracer rounds with their side arms for emergency signaling use as well as defense.[4]
Construction [ edit ]
A tracer projectile is constructed with a hollow base filled with a pyrotechnic flare material, made of a mixture of a very finely ground metallic fuel, oxidizer, and a small amount of organic fuel.[5] Metallic fuels include magnesium, aluminum, and occasionally zirconium. The oxidizer is a salt molecule which contains oxygen combined with a specific atom responsible for the desired color output. Upon ignition, the heated salt releases its oxygen to sustain combustion of the fuel in the mixture. The color-emitting atom in the salt is also released and reacts chemically with excess oxygen providing the source of the colored flame. In NATO standard ammunition (including US), the oxidizer salt is usually a mixture of strontium compounds (nitrate, peroxide, etc.) and the metallic fuel is magnesium. Burning strontium yields a bright red light. Russian and Chinese tracer ammunition generates green light using barium salts. An oxidizer and metallic fuel alone, however, do not make a practical pyrotechnic for the purposes of producing colored light. The reaction is too energetic, consuming all materials in one big flash of white light – white light being the characteristic output of magnesium-oxide (MgO), for example. Therefore, in the case of using strontium nitrate and magnesium, to produce a red colored flame that is not over-powered by the white light from the burning fuel, a chlorine donor is provided in the pyrotechnic mixture, so that strontium chloride can also form in the flame, cooling it so that the white light of MgO is greatly reduced. Cooling the flame in this manner also lengthens the reaction rate so that the mixture has an appreciable burn time. Polyvinyl chloride (PVC) is a typical organic fuel in colored light for this purpose. Some modern designs use compositions that produce little to no visible light and radiate mainly in infrared, being visible only on night vision equipment.[6]
Types [ edit ]
There are three types of tracers: bright tracer, subdued tracer and dim tracer. Bright tracers are the standard type, which start burning very shortly after exiting the muzzle. A disadvantage of bright tracers is that they give away the shooter's location to the enemy; as a military adage puts it, "tracers work both ways". Bright tracers can also overwhelm night-vision devices, rendering them useless. Subdued tracers burn at full brightness after a hundred or more yards to avoid giving away the gunner's position. Dim tracers burn very dimly but are clearly visible through night-vision equipment.
The M196 tracer cartridge (54-grain bullet) 5.56mmx45mm NATO was developed for the original M16 rifle and is compatible with the M16A1 barrel also using 1:12 rifling twist. It has a red tip and is designed to trace out to 500 yards, and trajectory match the M193 (56-grain) ball cartridge, which has no tip color. Trajectory match, or ballistic match, is achieved between two bullets of slightly different weight and aerodynamic characteristics by adjusting the cartridge propellant weight, propellant type, and muzzle velocity, to remain within safe pressure limits, yet provide each bullet with a trajectory to the target that is nearly identical over all atmospheric conditions and target engagement ranges, while using the same gunsight aimpoint. Trajectory match is not intended to be perfect, an engineering impossibility under the closest of similarities between the two bullets, that is further complicated in the case of the tracer losing mass and changing its drag properties as it flies. The intent is that the tracer matches the ball round well enough for the purposes of machinegun fire.
The M856 tracer cartridge (63.7-grain bullet) is used in the M16A2/3/4, M4-series, and M249 weapons (among other 5.56mm NATO weapons). This round is designed to trace out to 875 yards and has an orange tip color, and is trajectory matched to the M855 (62-grain, green tip) ball cartridge. The M856 tracer should not be used in the M16A1 except under emergency conditions and only in relatively warm weather, because the M16A1's slower 1:12 rifling twist is not sufficient to properly stabilize this projectile at colder combat service temperatures (freezing down to –40 degrees), when the air density is much greater, disrupting the gyroscopic stability of the bullet. The M16A2 and newer models have a rifling twist of 1 in 7" necessary to stabilize the M856 tracer round under all temperature conditions. (The M196, however, does function safely in all 1:7 twist barrels, as well as those with 1:12 twist.)
The M25 is an orange-tipped .30-06 Springfield tracer cartridge consisting of a 145 gr bullet with 50 grains of IMR 4895 powder. The tracer compound contains composition R 321 which is 16% polyvinyl chloride, 26% magnesium powder, 52% strontium nitrate.[7]
The M62 is an orange-tipped 7.62×51mm NATO tracer consisting of a 142 gr bullet with 46 grains of WC 846 powder. The tracer compound contains composition R 284 which is 17% polyvinyl chloride, 28% magnesium powder, and 55% strontium nitrate. (This is the same composition used on the M196.)
The M276 is a violet-tipped 7.62×51mm NATO dim tracer that uses composition R 440, which is barium peroxide, strontium peroxide, calcium resinate for example calcium abietate, and magnesium carbonate.
Tracer compositions can also emit primarily in infrared, for use with night-vision devices. An example composition is boron, potassium perchlorate, sodium salicylate, iron carbonate or magnesium carbonate (as combustion retardant), and binder. Many variants exist.[8]
Other applications [ edit ]
Tracers can also serve to direct fire at a given target, because they are visible to other combatants. The disadvantage is that they betray the gunner's position; the tracer path leads back to its source. To make it more difficult for an enemy to do this, most modern tracers have a delay element, which results in the trace becoming visible some distance from the muzzle. Depending on the target, tracer bullet lethality may be similar to standard ball ammunition.[9] The forward portion of a tracer bullet contains a substantial slug of lead filler, nearly as much as the non-tracer ball round that it trajectory matches.[10] In the case of the M196/M193 bullet set, the lethality differences are probably negligible for this reason. However, with the M856/M855 bullet set, the M855 ball round contains a steel penetrator tip that is not present in the M856 tracer bullet. As a result, different lethality effects can be expected against various targets. Nevertheless, under some circumstances, a slight degradation in lethality can often be made up for by the psychological and suppressive-fire effects tracer bullets can have on an enemy who is receiving them.
Besides guiding the shooter's direction of fire, tracer rounds can also be loaded at the end of a magazine to alert the shooter that the magazine is almost empty. This is particularly useful in weapons that do not lock the bolt back when empty (such as the AK-47). During World War II, the Soviet Air Force also used this practice for aircraft machine guns. One disadvantage in this practice is that the enemy is alerted that the pilot or shooter is low on ammunition and possibly vulnerable. For ground forces, this generally offers no tactical advantage to the enemy, since a soldier with a crew-served weapon such as a machine gun who is out of ammunition is supposed to alert his team that he is "dry" and rely on their cover fire while he reloads the machine gun. Thus, an enemy must risk exposing himself in order to attack the reloading soldier. Modern jet fighters primarily rely on radar and infrared seeker missiles to track and destroy enemy planes and laser-guided missiles to attack surface targets, rather than the plane's cannon, which may be just an ancillary weapon for air-to-air combat; although in the ground attack role, cannon fire may be emphasized. However, modern fighter aircraft use gyroscopes and inertial sensors coupled with radar and optical computing gunsights that make the use of tracers in cannon ammunition unnecessary. As long as the pilot can put the "pipper" (aiming point) in the HUD (head-up-display) onto the target, he can be assured that the burst will be on target, since the computers automatically compute range, closing rate, deflection, lateral accelerations, even weather conditions to calculate target lead and aimpoint. Thus one of the primary reasons for using tracers on aircraft in the first place, uncertainty over where the bullets will end up in relation to the target, is removed. Another use for the tracer is in tank hull machineguns, of mostly out-dated tanks, where the machinegun operator cannot sight directly along the barrel, thus he has to rely on tracer bullets to guide his aim. Modern main battle tanks and armored fighting vehicles, however, employ advanced fire control systems that can accurately aim secondary weapons along with the main armament; although the continued use of tracers provides reassurance to gunners on the direction of machinegun fire.
Safety restrictions [ edit ]
In the UK, use of tracer rounds is restricted on National Rifle Association of the United Kingdom-operated ranges, due to an increased risk of fire. Unauthorized use is punished at the discretion of the acting range officer. Use of tracers is usually only authorized during military training.[11]
In July 2009, a large fire was started by tracer ammunition near Marseille, France, an area where shrub vegetation is very dry and flammable in the summer, and where normally this kind of ammunition should not be used.[12]
On February 24, 2013, a fire was started at DFW Gun Club in Dallas, Texas by the use of a tracer round inside the facility.[13]
On July 2, 2018, the Lake Christine Fire near Basalt, Colorado was started by tracer rounds fired at a gun range. Two people have been charged with 4th degree arson.[14]
See also [ edit ]
Kirsten Ballard hasn't added a story.
Lance Mackey is the only 4-time Iditarod and 4-time Yukon Quest winner. He did this after battling and beating cancer years ago. He's undergoing treatments where the medical bills have used up all his winnings are are now turning into a mountain of debt.
He's undergoing medical treatments that are a direct result of the radiation treatment that he had to have to beat the cancer. The radiation has been eroding his jaw all these years and he has finally had to submit to having his teeth removed and dentures implanted. Because of his medical history he has to have hyperbaric treatments to make this procedure possible. As is customary of Lance, he has just met all his obstacles head on and not made a big deal out of them. He isn't seeking help but we want to help him. If you feel moved to do so, thank you! Please feel free to share with others that may be interested.
Lance can't race and win more money while he's recovering, he's not even asking for help. This fundraiser is being set up by someone who cares to help a fellow musher stay on the runners. Please help Lance get better again so his kennel can keep going through the efforts of his handlers, family and friends.
If you don't like using online payment, gifts to Lance can be sent to the following address:
Lance Mackey Medical Fund, Inc. (LMMF)
130 W. International Airport Rd, Suite R
Anchorage, AK 99518
Follow Lance on Facebook - Lance Mackey Facebook Athlete Page
Comeback Kennel Racing page & sponsorship opportuinties & links - meet the dogs.
Photo Credit to Rebecca Belcher Photography.
U.S. prosecutors late last week charged a Florida man in connection with an illegal bitcoin exchange.
According to a report by Reuters, Ricardo Hill, 38, was arrested in Florida in October and charged with conspiring to operate an unlicensed money transmitting firm. Hill is linked to an illegal bitcoin exchange owned by a person in Israel that is accused of hacks on JPMorgan Chase. The report noted Hill was released on a $75,000 bond after he appeared in court.
The report noted Hill is one of nine people who are facing charges as part of the hack of JPMorgan, which the bank disclosed in 2014. The records of more than 83 million accounts were compromised in that incident. Hill was the finance support manager and a business development consultant for Coin.mx, which is a bitcoin exchange that is unlicensed. Prosecutors contend Coin.mx was operated by Anthony Murgio of Florida and owned by Gery Shalon, the Israeli accused of being behind the JPMorgan hack and that of other companies.
This spring, according to indictment documents that were recently unsealed in the case of the hacks into financial services players, including JPMorgan, E*TRADE Financial, Scottrade Financial Services and Dow Jones, the three hackers that were involved in illegally intercepting information about stock prices linked to an illegal online gambling ring had a connection to bitcoin — potentially.
The link is a little circuitous since there was a bribery scheme in the mix, wrapped around some good, old-fashioned money laundering, which is, of course, how bitcoin comes into play.
After a difficult start to the campaign, Jenson Button showed that progress was being made when he grabbed eighth place around the streets of Monte Carlo.
Honda F1 chief Yasuhisa Arai welcomed the points – which he said felt like the proper start of his company's F1 return – but was well aware that the Monaco pace was helped by improved driveability on a track where power is not so vital.
"We found some suitable driveability for the special Monaco race track because horsepower is not so important here," he said.
"[It is not about performance with] wide open throttle, it is using partial throttle so is a very sensitive area.
"We made good driveability for Jenson and Fernando [Alonso], and they had a good feeling. Jenson got a good place for us, so I am very happy."
Power tracks coming
Honda knows that the next events in Canada and Austria will put more of a premium on horsepower, where the Japanese manufacturer is lacking.
However, it is reluctant to use any of its remaining engine development tokens just yet because it prefers to hold on to them until later in the campaign.
"Canada is a power circuit, so we need more power," he said. "But it is also a heavy stopping circuit, so braking and energy recovery is very important.
"I know that we need more power, but it is not so easy to get that. So it is how to deliver the MGU-K power for that kind of high-speed circuit – we will think about it after this race."
When asked about when tokens would be deployed, Arai said: "We don't have any plan yet – we don't decide when we use the tokens.
"It depends on our strategy. We will discuss with McLaren and decide which race."
Rem mania continues with the upcoming “Rem Otetsudai Series Box” figurine set. The box contains 7 figurines that stand about 2.5 inches tall and feature Rem in a variety of poses and enacting her various duties as a maid of Roswaal Manor. If you like more super-deformed “cutesy” type figures, this is a great set with a wide-range of variety. They're also particularly great if you have a collection that's already taking up a lot of shelf space.
The box will cost about $58 and is set for a February 2018 release and can be pre-ordered here:
CDJapan
Play-Asia (At this time, there is no Play-Asia listing, but I will update when it becomes available, until then, I have placed a general affiliate link.)
As always, thank you for supporting the site and please check out my other Re:Zero related posts here!
At one point in your career, you've likely been told to “be more visible” if you want to advance your career. I have been on the receiving end of that very advice — and have delivered that advice to more than a few of my team members over the years. But what exactly should we be doing?
I asked three of my go-to gurus on all things work-related — Diane Baranello of Coaching for Distinction, Stacy Lauren Musi of Chadick Ellig Executive Search, and Raleigh Mayer of Raleigh Mayer Consulting — for their suggestions on practical, actionable steps to raise your visibility, which I've consolidated into the following 5 tips:
Brush Up: Achieve a level of mastery whether you provide a service, sell a product, build buildings, or groom pets. How do you achieve mastery? Request mentorship from a seasoned professional in your field. Share interesting articles with your network. Do research and then publish. Interview experts. Write a white paper. Start a blog. Go back to school for an advanced degree or certification. Any of these will help elevate your expertise and build your credentials. Step Up: Take on rotational or lateral assignments to broaden your exposure, joining task forces and other cross-functional groups to expand your network, and spearheading high visibility (perhaps even higher risk) business or corporate initiatives with firm-wide impact to showcase your business acumen. When stepping up, don't be casual with how you share information on progress and achievements. Even on a regular update call, create a slide that shares some data. While one should take every opportunity to recognize the progress made by the team and to put others in the spotlight, don't relinquish your clear role as a leader. Speak Up: Develop relationships across the organization at all levels to expand your network, promote your area, and build your social reputation. Ask to be present at meetings where more senior leaders are in attendance – and, when you present, use language that shows you “own” the work. Hone your ability to deliver a clear, impactful message at meetings and present a point of view whenever the opportunity presents itself. Stand Up: Seek and accept opportunities to present and speak publicly internally and externally to gain visibility and increase your influence, which will give you access to distinguished connections, build your reputation, and gain publicity, perhaps in a journal, on the internet, or in an industry publication. If you don't hold membership in an organization in your field, the time to join is now. Also consider getting involved community and other charitable organizations — and not just as a volunteer but also as a board member. Dress Up: Make every day a “photo opportunity” with a polished appearance including perfect posture, strong body language, and a personal style statement (color, jewelry, or accessory).
What's been the most effective way you've raised your profile?
THE three percent of the UK population without tattoos faces discrimination in job interviews and social situations.
According to the Institute for Studies, non-tattooed people are likely to be labelled ‘freaks', ‘perverts' or ‘attention-seeking non conformists'.
Engineering company boss Tom Booker said: “Like everyone these days I have various bits of body art covering my arms and back.
“If someone comes to me for a job and they're not inked in at least three places, I have to ask myself some questions.
“Do they think they're somehow ‘special'? Are they into weird music and alternative lifestyle choices? Also, are they going to upset any potential clients who visit to see non-tattooed people in positions of responsibility?”
24-year-old Emma Bradford said: “I don't regret not getting any tattoos but it can make it hard to fit into the mainstream. I try to cover up my arms for job interviews so that employers can't see I don't have pictures of cartoon animals saying ‘Fuck' or Chinese proverbs on them.
“But if I'm asked about tattoos I have to come clean and say I don't even have a tramp stamp.”
Bar owner Nikki Hollis said: “Would I employ someone without tats? Yes, but I'd keep them away from the general public, maybe washing up or something.”
What the developers have to say:
Why Early Access? “First of all, we want the steam community to the very first to play our newest game. Meanwhile, we hope to hear the voice from the actual players, whose feedbacks, suggestions and opinions will be greatly valued by us. Your reviews and feedbacks will directly influence the features and directions of the game. You are an integral part of CRAFT. We'd really appreciate your participation. Besides, we hope that more people will get to know CRAFT, which is a fun and interesting game that we hope people will enjoy.” Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access? “The Early Access will stay for a few months during which we'll constantly provide updates and improvements if possible.” How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version? “For Early Access, it's at the early stage. Players can experience basic functions of the VR workshop, such as cutting a piece of wood and try some small hand tools. They make a simple and rough object out of their own will, such as a hammer or a chair.
For final version will enjoy better user experience and get immersing in a VR workshop with more virtual tools, craftsmanship choices and more materials etc.. Their making will be more dedicate and detailed. Also, we'll add different challenges and tasks in the final edition. For example, a player will upgrade to a senior craftsman from a junior one after finishing/unlocking certain tasks. The final version will be added with more features.” What is the current state of the Early Access version? “Currently CRAFT is still at an early stage. The basic functions are achieved. More features and functions will be added later.” Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access? “We may gradually raise the price as we ship new contents and features. But we'll try our best to keep the price the same” How are you planning on involving the Community in your development process? “First of all, all the comments, suggestions and ideas will greatly value and received. We'll keep communicating with players for their feeling and experience when playing CRAFT. There will many mutual feedbacks. We have specific support team to check the feedbacks and make sure their opinions are well received and considered.
If there are certain players that really love the game and want to contribute to it. They will be greatly welcomed and may be rewarded if their idea or contribution is accepted. There will a specific discussion area of technical problems in the community.”
Foto: Hina, Screenshot: Facebook
MOSTOV Miro Bulj komentirao je optužbe zastupnika iz njegovih redova Hrvoja Runtića da ga je HDZ pokušao potkupiti da glasa za Marića.
"Jel i ovo tezgarenje dio proeuropske briselske politike? Ovo nije radio ni veliki vođa Sanader za vrijeme politike Vladimira Šeksa prema generalu Gotovini znane kao "locirati, uhititi, transferirat, procesuirati". Ovo me samo motivira da se još jače borim, a pozivam i sve vas da se uključite u stvaranje fronte u borbi protiv organiziranog kriminala. Hrvoje Runtić ljudino! Poručujem im još glasnije NE_ĆE_TE!", napisao je Bulj.
Podsjetimo, Božo Petrov je jutros rekao kako je HDZ pokušao kupiti Hrvoja Runtića, a cijelu je priču Indexu potvrdio i sam Runtić.
Tekst se nastavlja ispod oglasa
>> RUNTIĆ ZA INDEX Istina je, HDZ me pokušao podmititi - sve sam prijavio policiji
>> Javio se HDZ-ovac koji je navodno pokušao kupiti Runtića i ispričao svoju verziju priče
Anti-government rants on Facebook can land you in a heap of trouble.
A federal judge has given the green light to the U.S. Justice Department's prosecution of an Indiana man who allegedly posted incendiary remarks about police.
On Tuesday, U.S. District Judge William Lawrence in Indiana rejected requests by the defendant, Matthew Michael, to throw out the charges on the grounds that no specific Drug Enforcement Administration agent or other individual had actually been named in the posts.
Lawrence ruled that -- assuming the Facebook postings were illegal threats, which has yet to be proved -- they "were directed at natural persons, namely DEA agents, law enforcement officers, and government personnel."
In 1969, the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the conviction of a Ku Klux Klan leader on First Amendment grounds, ruling his vague promises of violence -- "there might have to be some revengeance taken" -- were not illegal.
Michael is accused of writing a series of posts in August 2011 (and creating a "statewide" Facebook event scheduled for November 2011) containing vague but angry and violent statements regarding DEA agents. One alleged post: "War is near..anarchy and justice will be sought...I'll kill whoever I deem to be in the way of harmony to the human race...BE WARNED IF U PULL ME OVER!!"
That's enough to allow the trial to proceed, Lawrence ruled in a written opinion saying:
The First Amendment does not insulate all speech from criminal consequence. Certain categories of speech having little or no social value are not protected, and threats are one such category.... It would be inappropriate for the court to enter a verdict of not guilty based solely on the face of the indictment unless the court could imagine no facts that would render Michael's posts unprotected. That is not the situation here.
Michael is facing three counts of transmitting threats in interstate commerce.
Look too quickly and the movie prop money might be confused with real $100 bills. That's how police say two young men got away with spending the fake C-notes, and getting real money as change. Clinton police are asking for help finding the two men, who they say used the fake money to make small purchases and walk away with nearly $99 in real cash. Surveillance video shows the two men committing the crime on Dec. 27, police said. The bills are similar in color and design to real $100 bills, including a bust of Benjamin Franklin. But instead of "The United States Of America," the fake bills say "For Motion Picture Use Only." Investigators believe they have identified a third man who drove the others to the crime, but said he is not cooperating. They do not believe the suspects are from Clinton.
Look too quickly and the movie prop money might be confused with real $100 bills. That's how police say two young men got away with spending the fake C-notes, and getting real money as change.
Clinton police are asking for help finding the two men, who they say used the fake money to make small purchases and walk away with nearly $99 in real cash. Surveillance video shows the two men committing the crime on Dec. 27, police said.
Advertisement Related Content Movie prop money used to deceive fast-food restaurant
Caught on camera: Police say these men used movie prop money to make a purchase and get real cash as change.
The bills are similar in color and design to real $100 bills, including a bust of Benjamin Franklin. But instead of "The United States Of America," the fake bills say "For Motion Picture Use Only."
Investigators believe they have identified a third man who drove the others to the crime, but said he is not cooperating. They do not believe the suspects are from Clinton.
AlertMe
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A central player in the Koch Brothers' political advocacy network has canceled its reservation at a high-profile downtown Cleveland venue during the upcoming Republican National Convention.
Freedom Partners, a nonprofit backed by Charles and David Koch, the conservative billionaire industrialists, had been slated to hold a convention-related event at the Union Club, an iconic, exclusive social club at 1211 Euclid Ave. But the group recently changed its plans.
The move is particularly interesting given that the Kochs, who are longtime major donors to Republican and conservative causes, do not support Donald Trump, the GOP frontrunner. The Washington Post on March 23 reported that the Koch network was considering abandoning Trump as a nominee and instead focusing its resources on behalf of GOP congressional candidates.
But an official with another Koch-backed group, while not giving a specific reason for the cancellation, said Freedom Partners still plans to have a presence at the Republican convention, scheduled in Cleveland for July 18-21.
"I think they just wanted to explore some other venues in the Cleveland area," said Colin Jackson, field director for Americans for Prosperity in Ohio.
Randy Carpenter, a spokesman for the Union Club, did not immediately respond to messages from cleveland.com.
Earlier this month, the Freedom Partners Action Fund super PAC spent nearly $2 million on TV ads attacking Ted Strickland. The ad buy came a day after Strickland, the former Ohio governor, won the Democratic primary election to challenge Republican Sen. Rob Portman.
Portman's spot is among a handful of Republican Senate seats viewed as competitive by political observers. The GOP currently holds a 10-seat majority in the Senate.
D'Souza: The Clintons Have a History of Racial Insensitivity, Not Trump
Schweizer: Clinton Email, State Dept.-Foundation Probes ‘Joined At the Hip'
Julian Assange Discusses Hillary Health Rumors from The Latest Email Release
Tim Kaine on Friday said that Donald Trump embraces "Ku Klux Klan values."
"He has supporters like David Duke connected with the Ku Klux Klan who are going around and saying Donald Trump is their candidate because Donald Trump is pushing their values," Kaine said at a campaign event in Reno, Nev. "Ku Klux Klan values, David Duke values, Donald Trump values are not American values, they're not our values."
But the Democratic VP nominee might want to look at those who have publicly endorsed Clinton before he invokes the KKK...
Will Quigg, grand dragon of the KKK's California chapter, is among those who have endorsed Clinton for president.
An interview, taped at a KKK rally in California in March, included this exchange:
Reporter: Who do you like for president, sir. Quigg: Hillary Clinton. Reporter: Do you think whites are superior to African Americans and Latinos? Quigg: Well, we are God's chosen people.
Watch the "Fox and Friends Weekend" co-hosts react above, and see the full interview with Quigg below.
(WARNING: Disturbing content)
Megyn Kelly to Julian Assange: 'Are You Rooting for Trump?'
Assange: Murdered DNC Staffer Was 'Potential' WikiLeaks Source
WATCH: Hillary Offers Chocolate to Reporters, But Avoids Their Questions
MH Weibe performs "Gender Bender" (Screenshot/YouTube)
An aspiring rap artist weighed in recently on bathrooms for transgender students in Alberta schools.
The song, entitled “Gender Bender” is by MH Weibe, who describes herself as a “concerned mom.” In January, Alberta schools adopted legislation requiring bathroom facilities to accommodate transgender people by allowing them to use the bathroom according to the gender they identify as, Global News reports.
Weibe raps that she doesn't think the issue should be legislated but instead focus should be placed on preventing cuts in classrooms, and also that she thinks being transgender is unnatural.
“This is just a fender bender, all over sex and gender,” she sings in the chorus. “Can we pick another issue, than to change our bathrooms for a few.”
She then says the “animal kingdom” is in the right because their offspring supposedly “keep their gender” in the wild.
“Mothers and fathers, the backbone of society, why would we change legislation over notoriety,” she raps.
Watch the performance, as posted to YouTube, here:
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - The federal government still classifies cannabis as a dangerous drug with no benefits, and as a result, there has been little research into why the drug seems to be medicinal or the long-term effects of its high. But one powerful state senator wants to change that.
Banned in the 30s, marijuana got a bad rap until use spread like wildfire in the 60s.
Pot remained a hot potato for Florida politicians for more than 50 years. Then, two years ago, two mothers -- Holly Mosley and Page Figi -- lobbied for the first low-TCH bill, telling lawmakers nothing else would help their seizure-ridden daughters.
One powerful state senator said we need to know a lot more. State Sen. Bill Galvano wants the state to pay for research.
"We are relying on anecdotal evidence," Galvano said. "We have a dearth of research from the feds for a variety of reasons, and it's important for us to understand both the benefits and potential hazards of this plant and drug as we go forward."
Galvano would send money to Moffitt Cancer Center at USF. Other universities, such as Florida A&M, may get some cash.
Earlier this year, the last line of the legislation expanding the drug for use by terminally ill patients specifically allowed research in Florida universities.
"We have a product that has some medical relief that comes with it, so we'll be looking at what are the actual features of the plant that may be more medicinally important for the pharmaceutical industry," said Tim Moore, FAMU VP for research.
The overwhelming approval of expanded medical marijuana by voters is a green light for anything lawmakers decide they can afford. It's also proof that time changes almost everything.
One reason for the lack of federal research: Cannabis is illegal under federal law. The Obama administration has looked the other way, but a new administration could change that policy.
Copyright 2016 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved.
This is a list of the most-played college football rivalries in NCAA Division I. The Lehigh–Lafayette rivalry, known as "The Rivalry," is the most-played in Division I at 154 games. Lehigh and Lafayette are members of the Football Championship Subdivision (FCS). The most-played Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) rivalry is Minnesota–Wisconsin football rivalry, at 128 games.
Rivalries listed here are not necessarily continuous rivalries, and several of the rivalries listed below were ended (or interrupted) by the 2010–2014 NCAA conference realignment. Nevertheless, conference affiliation is not necessarily an impediment to playing an annual rivalry game, and this list features match-ups of teams that have rarely or never shared an athletic conference, such as Miami (Ohio)-Cincinnati and Army-Navy.
This table lists all rivalries with at least 100 games played. Wins and losses are given respective to the team leading the series.
Games [ edit ]
Current as of December 8, 2018
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Specific references
Advertisement Both sides rest in Millvale police officer's stun gun trial Nicole Murphy repeatedly stunned handcuffed suspect; lawyer says she was justified Share Shares Copy Link Copy
A federal jury will begin deliberating Wednesday to decide if a now-suspended police officer violated a man's civil rights by shocking him with a Taser three times while he was handcuffed and in custody at Millvale police headquarters.In closing arguments Tuesday, prosecutor Cindy Chung told the jury that Officer Nicole Murphy used the Taser -- as seen in a video recorded by a fellow officer -- because she was annoyed and frustrated with Thomas Smith, a handcuffed prisoner with a mental health history who was drunk and banging his own head against police office furniture.Chung, an attorney with the Justice Department's civil rights division, told jurors that it was unreasonable excessive force for Murphy to stun Smith once, let alone three times, and that Murphy violated Smith's rights. Chung said that Smith kicked Murphy once while he was being stunned, not before. The prosecution noted that Murphy's partner denies her claim Smith was attacking him at any point.Defense attorney Robert Stewart told the jury that the community of Millvale and good police officers everywhere call for justice for Murphy, and that Murphy herself cries out for justice. He argued that justice in this is a verdict of not guilty.Stewart said that Murphy "did what she was trained to do and did it appropriately." He said that Murphy was kicked and Smith was getting violent.The defense ridiculed Murphy's partner, Officer Casey Bonincontro, who shot the video and testified against her. Stewart said the other officer just sat there while Murphy did her job.If found guilty of violating Smith's civil rights, Murphy could face a sentence of up to 10 years in prison. She would no longer be able to work in law enforcement, even if she was not sentenced to prison, because the charge is a felony.
The United States and a number of European countries have asked to participate in Russia's international tank biathlon, President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday. “They filed a request with the Defense Ministry to participate. We will be happy [to have them],” News agency Novosti quoted president Putin addressing questions from students at a Moscow university. The Defense Ministry said in a statement Wednesday that more than 40 countries had expressed interest in participating. Putin said the event helps promote the nation's defense industry, noting that Russia is second only to the US in terms of the volume of arms exports. With the global decline of demand for tanks and other heavy, tracked armored vehicles Russia emerges as the largest manufacturer and exporter of such vehicles, including T-90 and upgraded T-72s.
Russia invited the US to participate back in August at a meeting of defense officials. The first tank biathlon was held in the Moscow suburb of Alabino in August last year, with members from four armies participating. This year's competition is planned to run from July 26 to August 10. According to the Russians, the Tank Biathlon is analogous to the Olympic event. Tank crews must navigate a 20-kilometer (12.5-mile) course that includes obstacles such as a slalom run, water crossings, bridges and steep climbs. The tanks must also accurately shoot with guns, machine guns and rifles a set of targets at distances of up to 2.2 kilometers (1.4 miles) that simulate other tanks or low-flying helicopters and cross military-representative obstacles such as mine fields and barricades.
Through the 2013 biathlon tank crews went through a three-round route of 6-10 kilometers. During the first round crews fire at targets positioned at a distance of 1,800, 1,700 and 1,500 meters. The second round firing is at targets imitating an anti-tank mortar (RPG) squad and an infantry unit – these targets are at a distance of 600–700 meters, and must be engaged with a 7.62mm coaxial machine gun. The third round targeting is at an anti-tank gun and ATGM unit by use of heavy machine guns at a distance of 1,200 meters. Like in usual biathlon firing misses lead to an extra round, 500 meters long. On the final round tanks have to go through various terrain obstacle course.
(Edmonton, AB) – Without any student or donor consultation, the University of Alberta has unilaterally decided not to award $300,000 - $500,000 in scholarships this academic year.
“The administration has informed me that due to reconfiguring their awards system and weaknesses in their IT system, hundreds of existing student scholarships will not be given out this year,” said Vice President Academic Dustin Chelen.
“The very real, immediate consequence of this decision — made after the school year has already started — is that students currently in their last year of studies will probably not be able to receive any of this scholarship funding.”
Scholarships that were previously distributed between December and January will now be disbursed in June. Students were still anticipating that these scholarships were going to be distributed before winter semester. This delay ensures that students will not be able to receive any of these funds during this academic year, and students in their last year of studies will not have a chance to apply to any these scholarships.
This decision will effect up to 350 undergraduate academic and leadership scholarships.
“University access and affordability has been a challenge for many students in recent years, in a large part due to the increased costs of attending post-secondary,” said Chelen. “While a tough economic climate has meant that many students are having trouble paying for their education, there was always the consolation that studying hard and getting involved in campus life could lead to scholarship support.”
“I hope that donors know that students who desperately need their aid are not getting it this year. I really hope that the university will rethink how this is going to affect a large number of its most involved students.”
For more information, please contact:
Simon Yackulic
External Communications & Media Advisor
University of Alberta Students' Union
P: 780.492.4236
E: ecma@su.ualberta.ca
Last night, Blackhawks sniper and Luongo nemesis Patrick Kane joined twitter. As the Blackhawks the best offensive player – Patrick Kane is generally hated in these parts – but objectively he's pretty awesome. Consider that he's got super elite puck control skills, he scores a lot (goals and woman) and generally seems to live a hilarious, boozy life-style filled with things I think are cool (winning Stanley Cups, drinking, growing a disgusting mullet for jokes). He does some douchey stuff too like beating on cabbies over twenty cents, and taking his shirt off in limos – but I think most hockey fans can agree – Patrick Kane is fun to watch play hockey, and his off-ice exploits are also pretty hilarious. To have the guy on Twitter has a lot of comedic potential, but the question remains – will it last? A controversial guy with a particular reputation and a big profile gets a lot of @mentions on the twitter-box, and some of them are super weird. Will he get scared off? If Patrick Kane's first hour on Twitter is any indication… Probably yeah.
It started out well enough, Elliotte Friedman, Bob McKenzie and Blackhawks beat-writer Chris Kuc tweeted out his handle and the hockey community started to get excited. What I'm assuming is Kane's close friend from childhood, a fellow named "BMania Insania" welcomed Patrick Kane to twitter in an appropriate fashion:
Now, Kane obviously doesn't want any baby-momma siphoning off his assets so I doubt he'd have taken his old friend BMania up on his offer – but it's always nice to hear from old friends on social media – so Kane was off to a good start.
Then the complaints started from fans he'd been less than thoroughly polite too:
Okay, I'm sure Kane felt bad about that one – but at the same time – that RJ dude is probably just a whiner. Not Kane's fault he doesn't get along with every schmo who has enjoyed watching the Blackhawks since 2008… It only took 34 minutes from the creation of Kane's account (seriously, I tracked this closely) for the worst type of tweeter to get at Mr. Kane. Yes 34 minutes after Patrick Kane opened his account – the first of, what are sure to be many, ass-holes got at the American speedster and *appalled gasps* asked for a birthday shoutout:
Uggh – why do people like this Justin Kleschen even exist? Nature is cruel.
Then the tweets making fun of him began to trickle in, many of them originating from a thoroughly predictable location:
Yeah Patrick Kane – cut your hair you hippie! And take a damn shower!
Wow I can't believe someone from Vancouver would call Patrick Kane a "punk-bitch." So rare for Canucks fans to be rude on social media…
There was also a class of female hockey fan, who was worried that Patrick Kane might be scared away by the "crazy hockey skanks" who were sure to harass him on Twitter…
Yeah cause Patrick Kane hates "crazy sluts" and definitely wants them as far away from him as possible. Not.
Oh, okay, maybe they will scare him off after all. Also – who would choose that Wookie Carcillo over fresh-faced Dennis the Menace like Patty Kane? I guess as a straight guy, I don't understand…
Some people weren't sure if they believed it or not. They required proof. About 50 people tweeted at him to verify his account in the first hour, but one guy had a more creative way of transferring the "burden of proof" onto Kane:
Hahaha oh man… Then came the bad suggestions from total strangers:
Don't keep the Peruvian blow away from Kane! He needs all of the blow…
No, no we really don't need Toews on Twitter. Things I don't care about reading in my timeline:
RT @JToews19 That was a long day of playing hockey and performing basic functionary operations. Times to plug myself in for the night and recharge – bleep bloop.
RT @JToews19 At Wrigely watching a baseball game with my cousin, I wonder if America thinks she's pretty – bleep bloop bleep.
RT @JToews19 I heard a funny joke today, basically their was a monkey in a tree and it fell down because it was stapled to another monkey that was dead… or something like that. I suck at telling jokes.
Finally some dude named Jim Ryan unintentionally predicted exactly the way this is going to go down:
That's right, even if it's not what Jim meant to say – he's dead on. Patrick Kane's Twitter account is basically guaranteed to produce a lot of material for Deadspin – who are probably the big winners in all of this.
Moto Guzzi kicks off its 2015 line with the latest Griso, the 1200 8v SE. It's billed as “one of the most beguiling motorcycles in Moto Guzzi's 93-year history,” and it's hard to argue with that. It's powered by one of the company's trademark 90-degree V-twins, this one displacing 1200cc. Other features include shaft drive, fully adjustable suspension, radial-mount front calipers, and a wide handlebar. For 2015 there's a special-edition Rosso Trophy version, with a black chassis, racing footrests, black instrument-panel covers, red double-stitched saddle lining, and red-accented spoke wheels. MSRP is $12,990.
The 750cc Stone, a perennial best seller in Moto Guzzi's line, returns in 2015 with more options than ever. The retro V-twin gets a restyled to emphasize its minimalist mission statement by replacing some of the chrome with black. The shocks, the fenders, the side panels, and the mirrors are updated with a black finish, too. Technical improvements to the Stone include the ability to cover over 250 miles on a tank of gas, and extending limited-service intervals to 6200 miles. You can get your own rolling Stone in three colors, a gloss-finish Rosso Corposo, a “militaristic” satin-finish Verde Agata, and a stealthy Matte Black. MSRP is $8490.
On Wednesday, the Obama administration released a four-point plan for how Congress can assist Puerto Rico in its present fiscal crisis. Some of the points in the plan are entirely sensible, such as allowing Puerto Rico to restructure its debts and improving Puerto Rico's fiscal governance. However, the last point in the plan – expanding the federal Earned Income Tax Credit to Puerto Rican citizens – would not seriously address the causes of Puerto Rico's economic malaise.
The administration gave a persuasive explanation for why expanding the EITC to Puerto Rico would help solve the island's fiscal crisis:
Any credible plan for resolving Puerto Rico's fiscal crisis must recognize the importance of restoring economic growth… The Earned Income Tax Credit is one of the strongest policy tools for rewarding work and supporting economic growth. At forty percent, Puerto Rico has the lowest labor market participation in the United States and the territories… A large body of economic research has found that the EITC in the fifty states and the District of Columbia has increased work.
It's lovely to hear this White House supporting the idea that tax cuts lead to growth, and their economic reasoning is sound. Only 42.6 percent of Puerto Rican adults participate in the labor market, compared to 62.5 percent in the rest of the United States. Indeed, the island's low labor force participation rate is often cited as a central factor behind its economic woes. And the White House is also correct that expanding the EITC to Puerto Rico would give residents more incentives to enter the labor force, which would help grow the island's economy.
However, while expanding the EITC to Puerto Rico would help treat the symptoms of the island's broken labor market, it would not address the root causes. If the White House were really looking to strengthen Puerto Rico's labor market, it would have proposed two different policies: reforming federal welfare programs in Puerto Rico and lowering the island's minimum wage.
The case for reforming federal welfare in Puerto Rico is simple: it is well-documented that the island's low labor force participation rates are due, in part, to the generosity of federal welfare programs. In The Economy of Puerto Rico: Restoring Growth, Gary Burtless and Orlando Sotomayor present a convincing case that Puerto Rico's low labor force participation rate was first caused by “the sharp increase in government transfer payments that begin in the mid-1970s.” And the New York Federal Reserve notes that families in Puerto Rico sometimes face implicit tax rates of over 100 percent due to the phase-out of federal transfer programs. In other words, when Puerto Rican families earn higher wages, they sometimes end up with lower incomes because they are no longer eligible for federal welfare programs.
Introducing the EITC to Puerto Rico would decrease implicit marginal tax rates on the island's residents, but would not fundamentally alleviate the strong work disincentives created by federal transfer programs. It would be a new federal welfare program created to moderate the incentives created by other welfare programs, a patchwork solution on a long-standing problem.
In addition, the White House neglected to include one policy change that nearly everyone agrees would improve Puerto Rico's labor market: lowering the minimum wage on the island. In 1974, Congress decided to raise the Puerto Rican minimum wage to U.S. levels; previously it had been far below. As described in a 1992 paper by Alida Castillo-Freeman and Richard Freeman, the effects were disastrous: the higher minimum wage “substantially reduced employment on the island,” by eight to ten percent.
Today, Puerto Rico's relatively high minimum wage (77 percent of the median hourly wage) is still a significant drag on the island's labor market. Last June, a report from the IMF identified Puerto Rico's minimum wage as one of its most serious barriers to growth. Even economist Paul Krugman agrees that Puerto Rico's minimum wage is too high.
All in all, while expanding the EITC to Puerto Rico would likely encourage more residents to enter the labor force, it would not fix long-standing structural problems with the island's labor market. For Congress to meaningfully encourage Puerto Rico's long-run economic prospects, it will have to reform federal policies that have hindered the island's growth: transfer programs and the minimum wage.
There is a larger lesson here. Congress extended federal welfare programs and the federal minimum wage to Puerto Rico with the best of intentions, hoping to help the island's residents. Ultimately, because both policies were designed for the mainland, they were unsuited to Puerto Rico's economy, and led to economic stagnation. Perhaps, the White House should take the hint from history, and shift its focus away from expanding more federal programs, like the EITC, to Puerto Rico.
A VPN is a great way to secure your internet traffic by masking your IP through heavy-duty encryption. A lot of people use VPN to access game betas, hide traffic from ISPs, access website content behind government firewalls (like in China), or protect themselves from malicious attackers and hackers.
A VPN is a powerful tool with many benefits, but when people find out that they might need one just to do something else they want to do, their first reaction is always: is it free? As in the case of many things–“free” isn't always a good thing, and when considering free VPNS, it's an actually appalling thing.
Take Hola VPN for example. It is one of the most popular VPN services around, with over 47 million active users around the globe using their VPN services to change their IP address. Unfortunately, Hola VPN was caught converting their own user's computers into miniature proxy servers. Many of these free users were un-knowingly renting their own bandwidth to the highest bidder.
A premium VPN service like TorGuard uses individual remote servers that are maintained and controlled by TorGuard itself. When a user connects to the remote server, they are given a special IP address that is shared with other users on the TorGuard VPN network to provide more anonymity. All data flowing through the VPN tunnel is encrypted, and you can choose from multiple servers around the world. Free VPN services might allow you to access unrestricted content but at what price? Well, turns out a significant one! Free VPN services like Hola was also found to be selling bandwidth collected from its user base. Users became, and still are, part of an enormous botnet that involves renting out bandwidth to those who paid.
As in the case of Hola, free VPNs are always out to make a profit, whether through channels associated with selling your data out to marketing firms to target ads, installing ads into your connection, or allocating your bandwidth around for money. If you truly value privacy, you're better off not even using a VPN than a free one.
VPNs bandwidth doesn't grow on trees. In fact, running a reliable VPN requires an extremely influential business with powerful servers located all around the world. TorGuard uses state of the art encryption, maintains a strict no logging policy, offers 24/7 customer service staff, and a plethora of other valuable features that make the service worth using.
Take TorGuard or example. It gives its users access to over 1200 servers over 42+ locations, 24/7 365 days a year support, multiple app and proxy offerings across every platform–like iOS and Android apps, Chrome and Firefox extensions, Stealth VPN and more. It has an enormous commitment to privacy and encryption.
No one cares more about privacy than the staff here at TorGuard VPN. So next time you're considering a free VPN, the small prices associated with purchasing a cheap VPN plan will greatly outweigh sacrificing your personal privacy.
Updated at 11:59 p.m. EST, Dec. 11, 2007
For a second day in a row, Baghdad was the scene of numerous attacks mostly targeting security forces. Overall, 21 Iraqis were killed and 52 more were wounded throughout the country. Also, the DOD reported that one U.S. soldier died from a non-combat incident.
In Baghdad, four dumped bodies were recovered. A suicide bomber killed two policemen and wounded 13 others near the al-Harthiya offices of a former premier and the homes of the current prime minister's adviser and a Sunni lawmaker. A booby-trapped body killed one Iraqi soldier and injured seven others, in the Saidiya district. A car bomb in Mansour left 10 Iraqi soldiers injured. Two Iraqi soldiers were wounded during a roadside bombing on Palestine Street. The head of a Baghdad psychiatric hospital was gunned down. Three Iraqi soldiers were wounded at a Yarmouk checkpoint when a hand grenade was tossed at theml. Also, a new fire broke out at the Doura refinery.
A sniper killed a policeman in Samarra.
Gunmen killed an Awakening Council member in downtown Baquba.
In Kanaan, clashes between Iraqi army and gunmen left a female bystander dead.
Three policemen were injured in Khalis when they were blasted by a roadside bomb.
Two Christians were found murdered in Basra.
Gunmen in Mosul fired upon a police car, killing one officer and wounding two others.
In Fallujah, mortars falling a police checkpoint, killed one policeman and injured one other.
Six policemen were wounded during an armed attack in Balad.
U.S. forces killed a suspect and arrested 19 others in central and northern Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi soldiers killed three suspects and detained 117 more; five soldiers were wounded during the security operations.
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
Read more by Margaret Griffis
Researchers at the Vatican Museums in Rome were studying the collection's nine purported ancient Egyptian full-body mummies, when they discovered that two of the mummies aren't ancient at all but fakes likely created in the 1800s. That might be pretty embarrassing—if fraudulent Egyptian artifacts weren't relatively common and often difficult to detect.
Related Content There's an Elephant Buried Underneath the Vatican
The two mummies in question are small—both less than two feet long, the Telegraph reports—and were once believed to contain the remains of children or possibly falcons. But a series of examinations using advanced technology including X-rays, 3D CAT scans, CT scans, DNA testing and carbon dating have shown that the bones within the wrappings belong to a man and a woman and actually date back to the Middle Ages. Another tale tell sign they're fakes: scientists also discovered a “modern nail” amidst the bones, reports Catholic News Service.
The mummies' exterior holds clues to forgery, too, writes the Telegraph:
The three-dimensional painted coverings made of plaster and linen bandages -- called cartonnage -- had a yellowish resin that researchers say is unique to Europe in the mid-19th century, often used in Britain to give antiques a gilded coating.
Interestingly enough, the wrappings that cover the mummies are the only part of the two specimens that date back to ancient Egypt. That's likely because the 19th century fraudsters responsible for the fakes had access to such authentic materials due to what some refer to as the era's “mummy mania.”
Napoleon's expedition to Egypt in 1798, combined with the discovery of the Rosetta Stone in 1799 set off an obsession with Egyptian antiquities amid the wealthier populations in Europe and the United States, writes CNS. Watching the unwrapping ancient remains to discover what was inside became a source of entertainment for some. And those who made the trip back to Egypt often sought to purchase artifacts to show off back home. As CNS points out:
One monk captured the mood when he noted in 1833, "It would be hardly respectable, upon one's return from Egypt, to present oneself without a mummy in one hand and a crocodile in another."
Vatican researchers say that the discovery and examination of the fakes helps them to better understand how to identify forgeries. The work is part of the Vatican Mummy Project, a preservation and research effort launched in 2007 to catalog and conserve the collection's human specimens.
The research team has also made previous discoveries through the project. In 2013, they found that a mummy previously thought to belong to a woman is actually a man. On another adult mummy, scans revealed a small scalp tumor—the first of its kind to be found on such a specimen.
Marine Hero: I Was Attacked at DC McDonald's 'Because of My Skin Color'
Film: Vets Calling VA Suicide Hotline Are Getting Sent to Voicemail
Hundreds are now pledging their help to a U.S. Marine veteran who was brutally ambushed at a Washington D.C. McDonald's last Friday.
It's been just over a week since former Sgt. Christopher Marquez was beaten and robbed by a group of teens who apparently asked him if “black lives matter.”
He was knocked unconscious, and his wallet was stolen.
Since then, a Good Samaritan has created a GoFundMe page to help replace the $400 Marquez reportedly lost.
“I find this to be an outrage and absolutely disgusting situation our country is facing today,” wrote Danny Amoruccio, who started the campaign.
“The least we can do as Americans is help him, as he helped to keep [the] U.S. safe.”
But that original goal of $400 was quickly surpassed – now reaching more than $13,000. People who gave donations both big and small wrote to thank the Iraq veteran for his service.
Marquez later thanked his contributors on Fox and Friends, saying that he hopes to track down the cab driver who took him home for no charge after the attack.
The excess money will be used to "take care of his burdens" and then donated to charity, Amoruccio told Fox 5.
Watch Marquez's full interview, above.
Amputee Vets Aren't Letting Their Injuries Get in the Way of Working Out
MUST-SEE: Police Captain's Warning to 'Heathen' Gang Members Goes Viral
MUST-SEE: Vets Clash Over Trump's Comments About Bush & Iraq
Robert Alan Wendeborne/DGO If laws are changed to let grocery stores sell real beer you can anticipate some terrible changes here in Colorado. In the end, liquor stores will close, and grocery stores will look like grocery stores in New Mexico, devoid of real choice like this "craft beer" section at the Safeway in Aztec.
Robert Alan Wendeborne/DGO If laws are changed to let grocery stores sell real beer you can anticipate some terrible changes here in Colorado. In the end, liquor stores will close, and grocery stores will look like grocery stores in New Mexico, devoid of real choice like this "craft beer" section at the Safeway in Aztec.
Robert Alan Wendeborne/DGO If laws are changed to let grocery stores sell real beer you can anticipate some terrible changes here in Colorado. In the end, liquor stores will close, and grocery stores will look like grocery stores in New Mexico, devoid of real choice like this "craft beer" section at the Safeway in Aztec.
Dear Colorado,
I wasn't born here, I'm not a native, but, like a lot of transplants to your state, I love everything about you. I love your mountains, I love your rivers, I love your snow, I love your sunshine, I love your open spaces, and I love your cities. I love your beer, I love your love of weed, I love your local food, your local coffee, your local everything, and I don't want you to change.
Unlike a lot of other recent transplants, I understand why things in Colorado are the way they are, so I'm OK with your quirks and unwritten rules.
These are some of the unwritten rules by which Coloradans abide: The right lane is for slow pokes and scaredy cats, a max limit of two puffs before a pass, there are no friends on powder days, bring your own PFD, and don't buy beer at the grocery store. This last unwritten rule is up for debate right now and we could see a ballot initiative this November that allows for full-strength beer to be in our grocery stores. But this is a terrible idea Colorado! I know it sounds wonderful, I know it sounds convenient and easy, and I hate being a conservative in an argument and want to be open minded, but this idea Colorado, this is a bad idea.
For a good demonstration of why this would be a bad idea, go to New Mexico. Look at the number of liquor stores there are in Aztec, our closest town. There are zero liquor stores, all have closed, but they allow full-strength beer and liquor in gas stations and grocery stores. The Safeway has an abysmal selection of “craft beer.” By my count there are six craft breweries represented in the entire cooler: Sierra Nevada, Boston Beer Company (Sam Adam's), Spoetzl Brewing Co. (Shiner Bock), New Belgium, Sierra Blanca Brewing Company (Isotopes Brewing), and Santa Fe Brewing Company. The closest of these breweries to Aztec is Santa Fe Brewing Company, some four hours away. Now, if we imagine this as Colorado, this would be like having only six craft beers in your craft section, and all of them from out of state except two, and both of those are from Denver. There are more local beers on tap at Lady Falconburghs than the entire craft section at this grocery store.
If this is the kind of selection and convenience you want, you can move to Aztec.
Another gripe being levied is that the liquor stores have a monopoly. Now, by my definition and most definitions of “monopoly,” the system we have in place is the farthest from a monopoly. The owners of liquor store in Colorado are, by law, not allowed to open another liquor store. If you want to grow your business, you can build a bigger store. That's it. Almost every liquor store in Colorado is a small independent business with one location. If they have another location, it's in another state.
In the end, the biggest reason to keep things the same are those small businesses. There are 1,650 independent liquor stores in Colorado and if this law changes, nearly half of those would be closed in three years. This would kill jobs and tax revenue. It would kill choice. It would also kill vital outlets for small local craft brewers, vintners, and distillers, stifling the amazing growth of the craft movement. City Market isn't going to be carrying that really awesome sour from Distihl or Crooked Stave that they have at W.J. Doyle; they're not going to have the super knowledgeable staff that they have at Star Liquor; they're not going to have the awesome dog that you can pet at 6th Street Liquor; and they're not going to have happy hour like they do at Wagon Wheel.
Unless some 11th hour deal gets struck in the state legislature, it'll likely be on the ballot this November, and it's up to you Colorado. Don't let them ruin our small businesses, don't let them ruin our local beer, don't let them take our choice.
Robert Alan Wendeborn puts the bubbles in the beer at Ska Brewing Company. His first book of poetry, “The Blank Target,” was published this past spring by The Lettered Streets Press and is available at Maria's Bookshop. robbie@skabrewing.com
In prompt response to a request by a woman, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today directed Indian Embassy in Washington to give visa to an Indian to attend his father's last rites despite the the mission being closed for two days for Vijaya Dashmi and Moharram.
Swaraj's directive to the Embassy came after one Sarita Takru, a resident of Karnal, appealed to the External Affairs Minister on Twitter to give visa to her US-based son Abhai Kaul so he can attend his father's creamation.
"Our Embassy in US is closed for Vijaya Dashmi and Moharram. I have sent a message. We will open the Embassy and give visa to your son," Swaraj tweeted.
Soon after Swaraj's instruction, the Indian Embassy asked Takru to share Kaul's contact details with it so that visa can be granted expeditiously.
Takru said her husband died yesterday and she had expressed anguish after knowing that the embassy will be closed today and tomorrow.
"...Can't get Indian visa before Local Thursday. Is this human?"
"This dreadful wait must end. Please give my son Indian visa in US so his father may be cremated. Please support. Need empathy," Takru tweeted.
To this, Swaraj responded, saying, "I am sorry to know about the sad demise of your husband. Just wait - I will help you."
The External Affairs Minister is known for her prompt response to Indians in distress abroad.
If you're happy that John Boyega will head up Pacific Rim 2, then prepare yourself for a neural overload so big that a Jeager would self-destruct. The beloved actor is preparing for production on the sci-fi blockbuster to begin, so Boyega decided to treat fans with a behind-the-scenes look at his time on set.
Taking to Instagram, Boyega uploaded a video of himself at Legacy Effects. The footage focuses on the actor as he holds up a large mold of his head and shoulders. “It's my twin,” he jokes before placing a soft kiss on the mold's temple. He then says he's “so cute” before pointing out the piece's accuracy down to its bottom lip.
The actor then followed up on the video with a picture that pays homage to Idris Elba's role of Stacker Pentecost. Boyega will play Stacker's son in the sequel, so he posted an image to commemorate the character and one of his most quotable lines from Pacific Rim.
"Today. Today... At the edge of our hope, at the end of our time, we have chosen not only to believe in ourselves, but in each other. Today there is not a man nor woman in here that shall stand alone. Not today. Today we face the monsters that are at our door and bring the fight to them! Today, we are cancelling the apocalypse!" Boyega shared. He then wrote, “My dad said it right the first time but I'll take it from here.”
Fans first learned that Boyega had signed onto the franchise in June. Deadline and other sites confirmed the actor would play Stacker's son and also act as a producer on the sequel. The film, which has been in-and-out of production, has since made major casting strides since Boyega's involvement was confirmed. Over the summer, a slew of actors signed onto the sequel and a 2018 release date for the film was revealed.
Mary Parent, a producer on Pacific Rim 2, gushed about Boyega's inclusion. “It is undeniable that with all his talent and natural charm, John stands out amongst today's generation of young leading men.”
"I am very proud and happy to welcome John into a fantastic sandbox," Guillermo del Toro also added. "The Pacific Rim universe will be reinforced with him as a leading man as it continues to be a multicultural, multi-layered world. ‘The World saving the world' was our goal and I couldn't think of a better man for the job."
Pac Rim prep at legacy effects! CREEPY! #lovethineself A video posted by BOYEGA (@jboyega_) on Oct 24, 2016 at 1:10pm PDT
While Boyega will be a welcome addition to the Pacific Rim family, one character will be notably absent from the sequel. Charlie Hunnam confirmed that he was not able to reprise his role of Raleigh Becket for the film due to scheduling conflicts. “I'm very excited about it! I'm glad they're making it," he told Yahoo. "I think it's going to be great. I read an early draft of what they're doing. There was one incarnation of this sequel that involved me heavily, but I was unavailable."
Pacific Rim 2 is scheduled to hit theaters on February 23, 2018.
On Monday, the government filed formal charges against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in the terrorist attack on the Boston Marathon last week. He is charged with use of a weapon of mass destruction and malicious destruction of property resulting in death, and could face the death penalty.
The legal proceedings in Tsarnaev's case are likely to be lengthy and complex. Here's a guide to a few of the issues that may come up, or already have.
What happened Monday? Tsarnaev was arraigned before a magistrate judge. (Here's a transcript of the brief proceeding.) The judge informed Tsarnaev of the charges against him, told him the potential penalties, and found that the defendant was lucid and understood the proceeding. Tsarnaev said only one word, “no,” when asked if he could afford a lawyer. Otherwise, he just nodded his head. Tsarnaev was represented by William Fick, a defense lawyer with the federal-defender service in Boston. (Though his client is fluent in English, it may prove useful that Fick spent six years working in Russia earlier in his career. Still, at some point, Tsarnaev may wish to hire his own attorney, and he is free to do so if he can afford to.)
Tsarnaev was apparently questioned by investigators before he received Miranda warnings. What happens to any statements he made during that time? It depends on what use the government chooses to make of them. If prosecutors seek to introduce those statements against Tsarnaev at his trial, he could move to suppress them on the grounds that they were illegally obtained. The government would argue that the questioning was justified under the public-safety exception to the Miranda rule. That argument will probably prevail, but it's not a sure thing. In most instances, if the government wants to use Tsarnaev's statements for a purpose other than trying him—if, for example, it started an investigation of someone else based on what he'd said—it can, and Tsarnaev would have no right to challenge that.
What happens next? Federal prosecutors will begin to present evidence to the grand jury, which will probably return an initial indictment in the next thirty days. The case will then be assigned to a federal district judge for trial. (As the government uncovers more evidence, it will almost certainly file additional and amended indictments after the first one; these are called superseding indictments.)
When do state prosecutors step in? And who gets to go first, state or feds? This is subject to negotiation, and sometimes those turf battles can be ugly. The usual rule is that the feds go first; they're perceived as having greater resources and representing the national interest. (And if you ask state and local law enforcement, they'll tell you the feds have the bigger egos as well. It's in the course of this type of internecine warfare that you'll hear that F.B.I. stands for “famous but incompetent.”) Federal prosecutors have limited jurisdiction. Some cases may only be brought in state court. The murder of the M.I.T. police officer Sean Collier is a possible candidate for a separate state case. But these judgments will be made several months from now.
What will Tsarnaev ultimately be charged with? It's not clear. An indictment will often contain more charges than the initial complaint, which is what the government has filed thus far. Since the crime took place just a week ago, the authorities will undoubtedly do a great deal more investigating. Much of this further effort will be scientific in nature: attempting to tie evidence found in Tsarnaev's home and car and at the scene to the defendant personally.
Is there anything surprising about the complaint? It makes no mention of the Collier murder. There are several possible reasons for this. First, the government is not obligated to disclose all of its evidence and make all of its claims at this early stage. The evidence connecting Tsarnaev to this murder may not be clear. Second, the murder of Collier may not be a federal crime; only certain crimes, which have some connection to interstate commerce, are prosecuted in federal court. Most murders are prosecuted in state court, and this matter may be left to Massachusetts to pursue. In any case, all options remain open at this point.
What about weapons charges? One of the many unknowns in the case is where and how the two brothers obtained their weapons. If they were obtained illegally (or with illegal help from others), that might be the basis for more charges.
How long will this whole process, including the trial, take? There's no way to say for sure. But it's very unlikely that there would be a trial sooner than a year or so from now. One can be sure of one aspect of the defense strategy: delay, delay, delay. (And a possible request for a change of venue.) The farther the defense can get from this moment in Boston, temporally and physically, the better its chances. (Not that the defense's chances appear at all promising.)
Does Tsarnaev have to be out of the hospital to be tried? If so, how long are authorities allowed to continue holding bedside hearings like this one? There are no hard-and-fast rules here. Tsarnaev has to be able to understand the proceedings against him and participate meaningfully in his defense. He does not have to be a hundred per cent healthy to be tried. He does have to be present at the trial. The decision about his fitness to stand trial will be up to the district judge assigned to try the case.
Tsarnaev supposedly was coöperating with the authorities, consistent with his medical condition. Will he continue to do so? Almost surely not. His attorney will put a stop to it. If Tsarnaev and his lawyer want to negotiate something other than a death sentence, his possible coöperation would be an important bargaining chip. The more Tsarnaev talks now, the less he has to offer later.
If the Tsarnaevs did in fact act alone and Dzhokhar doesn't have information about terror plots or people engaged in planning for terror, would the Department of Justice still be willing to agree to a plea bargain? This is hard to say. Dzhokhar would certainly have more leverage if he could tell investigators about a wider plot. Prosecutors will have to consider many factors in deciding whether to plea bargain; among them are the strength of their case, the wishes of the victims and their families, the views of local authorities, and the judgment of senior Justice Department and White House officials.
So prosecutors are going to seek the death penalty? The initial charges include crimes that potentially carry the death penalty; this will probably also be true of the charges in the initial indictment. But that doesn't mean that the government will necessarily go for the death penalty. The Department of Justice has a formal process for deciding whether to seek death in eligible cases; this process begins after the indictment. The final decision is up to Eric Holder, the Attorney General.
What if the government can't prove that it was Dzhokhar and not Tamerlan who, for example, shot Collier? Also, more generally, what does it mean to the case that only one brother is alive? Dzhokhar is currently not charged with Collier's murder. If the government believes that Tamerlan pulled the trigger to kill Collier—or if it can't prove that Dzhokhar did—Dzhokhar could still be prosecuted under a conspiracy theory or as a felony-murder accomplice. As a general matter, it is a mixed blessing for Dzhokhar that he is the only survivor. It is bad for him because he is now the focus of all the prosecutorial attention. But it is potentially helpful for him as well: he and his lawyers could try to paint his absent older brother as the mastermind and manipulator and, potentially, as the one who fired the shot that killed Collier.
What happens if the families of those killed file wrongful-death suits? Can they be tried at the same time as the criminal case(s)? Civil cases only proceed after all the criminal trials (state and federal) are over. I have no doubt that civil cases will be filed, but it's not clear to what end. The Tsarnaevs appear to have virtually no money. I suppose it's possible that there could be lawsuits for negligence against those who failed to prevent the attacks, but (a) those kinds of cases are hard to win, (b) it's not clear at this point that there was any negligence, and (c) any kind of civil litigation is likely to be years in the future.
Photograph, of the arrest of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, by Jared Wickerham/Getty.
Read more of our coverage of the recent events in the Boston area.
The Day of the Doctor was watched by an average of 2.4 million viewers on BBC America on Saturday
Doctor Who's 50th anniversary edition The Day of the Doctor attracted the biggest ever audience on the BBC's US cable channel on Saturday.
The show averaged 2.4 million viewers on BBC America, despite being broadcast at 2.50pm on the US east coast (11.50am in California) rather than in evening primetime, as the 50th-anniversary episode was simulcast with BBC1's UK broadcast.
A primetime repeat attracted a further 1.2 million viewers.
On BBC1, The Day of the Doctor averaged 10.2 million viewers and a 37.4% share on Saturday – the fifth biggest overnight audience for a Doctor Who is a episode since the show's revival in 2005, and the most popular outside Christmas and new year holiday specials.
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email media@theguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000. If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook.
With the offseason officially underway, Around The NFL will examine what's next for all 32 teams. Next up: Miami Dolphins.
What's changing?
The biggest change in Miami came in the front office with the import of Mike Tannenbaum. It will be interesting to see how the new executive and second-year general manager Dennis Hickey evaluate the current roster -- especially those paid by the previous administration. With minimal salary-cap room this offseason, the Dolphins will have to make some tough decisions on its current big-money players. One thing we know isn't changing is the coaching staff. Joe Philbin and defensive coordinator Kevin Coyle both return to lead a team and unit that crumbled down the stretch, both on the field and on the sideline. Wide receiver Brian Hartline, who was with the team for six seasons, was given his walking papers, saving Miami $3.15 million.
Biggest free agents
» DT Jared Odrick: The Dolphins need their best interior defensive lineman to return to a thin unit. The 27-year-old should be a priority for the Dolphins; however, many believe he's a better fit as a 3-4 defensive end. Given Miami's fiscal restraints and his sideline spat with Philbin last year, Odrick might want to test out a team running a scheme that better fits his talents.
» TE Charles Clay: This man once made the NFL's Top 100 list! More of a poor man's Delanie Walker, however, he's not likely to fetch top dollar on the open market. Clay fills a need on the Dolphins as a pass-catching tight end with run-after-the-catch red zone ability. The Dolphins applied the transition tag to Charles Clay, offering the versatile H-back a $7.071 million tender.
» QB Matt Moore: Moore is listed here more to underscore the Dolphins' pending decision to pick up Ryan Tannehill's fifth-year option -- worth an estimated $15 million in 2016 -- extend him, or allow him to play out the final year. The Dolphins will likely pick up the fifth-year option, but retaining a solid backup will likely be a priority for Tannenbaum.
Other key free agents: S Louis Delmas, RB Knowshon Moreno, RB Daniel Thomas, S Jimmy Wilson
On the way out?
» Mike Wallace: Wallace's future is up in the air after his self-benching in last season's final game. No one in the front office is willing to state that the receiver will be back. Wallace is due $12.1 million next season, but he would only save Miami $2.5 million if cut. Given that money commitment Wallace could be brought back for one more year (when they'd save $9.3 million to cut him in 2016).
» Dannell Ellerbe: Another splash signing from the previous regime who was a bust. Ellerbe's cap number is $9.85 million in 2015 and the Dolphins can save $5.65 million by snipping him. The 29-year-old missed all but one game in 2014 and was disappointing in his 2013 campaign.
» Cortland Finnegan: Miami cut Finneagan, saving $5.48 million. The cornerback played well until getting hurt late in the season.
What they need
Defensive tackle is the biggest priority, which makes the prospect of losing Odrick even greater. Even if Miami keeps their best free agent, adding depth will be a priority. Inside linebacker is another big need after getting gutted up the middle last season. Adding a guard is a necessity with Mike Pouncey expected to slide back to center.
Offseason crystal ball
The Dolphins hang on to Wallace for another season. The club will pick up Tannehill's fifth-year option and extend Pouncey's contract to lower the center's cap figure this year. Odrick will move on leaving a gaping hole. While we are on the crystal ball, Dion Jordan will finally move to an outside linebacker spot, where he will be more effective.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast breaks down the top 25 free agents and reacts to the latest news. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
When the news first broke of former Fit For An Autopsy frontman Nate Johnson leaving the band, I figured FFAA would go the way many bands do after a vocal change: to shit. But Christ al-fucking-mighty could I not have been more wrong.
FFAA's previous release, Hellbound, is one of my favorite deathcore albums of all time, right up there with Whitechapel's This Is Exile… and Absolute Hope Absolute Hell is BETTER than Hellbound.
What makes Absolute Hope Absolute Hell superior even to Hellbound? Well, there's something noticeably different about FFAA this time around — and that's how melodic and ambient this record is. Hellbound, although incredible, was all about being brutal and angry. On the other hand, Absolute Hope Absolute Hell is just as angry and brutal, but the melodies amplify the heavy parts and make them stand out. It's the difference between a buff metalhead in high school who only wants to fight people, and a buff metalhead in college who only wants to fight people but can also play the violin, speak French and Italian, and cook a five-star, three-course meal. FFAA has grown immensely, and this album shows it better than a Las Vegas stripper.
As if the use of melody wasn't enough, FFAA's breakdowns still stand a cut above the rest. In a world of unoriginal deathcore where we have bullshit bands like Chelsea Grin and Bring Me the Horizon ruling the genre with brain-cell-killing, single-layered breakdowns, FFAA manages to breathe some fresh life into the principle element of a stale and dying subgenre.
The same can be said about the album's lyrics, too. FFAA's new vocalist, Joe Badolato, has some killer lines, like this one from Absolute‘s high point, “Ghosts in the River”:
My will is broken
My eyes have seen what they've always known
Every man has a shadow behind him
Every soul has a price in gold
I've spent far too many hours listening to this album in a futile attempt to try and find even one thing wrong with it. This is hands down the best album I have heard in a very, very long time. If deathcore is a sinking ship, then Fit for an Autopsy is the rescue plane, as well as the only good thing to ever come out of New Jersey. Pat yourselves on the back and have a beer, gentlemen, because you've damn well earned it. Absolute Hope Absolute Hell kills harder than Casey Anthony's babysitting, and if you don't pick this album up, you probably don't even like metal in the first place.
Fit for an Autopsy's Absolute Hope Absolute Hell drops October 2 via eOne Music. You can stream the track “Murder in the First” here and pre-order the album here(physical/deluxe editions), here (physical/super-duper-deluxe editions), or here (digital). The band will be on tour with The Acacia Strain starting in November. Get dates here.
In the fifth century before the Christian era, there was a massive two-story building standing here, in the demarcation of Las Vegas del Guadiana, in Badajoz province. The building – the first surviving one of its kind from that era to be discovered – had a monumental staircase rising two-and-a-half meters. And it was made with materials and techniques that researchers thought had not been in use in the Western Mediterranean until much later.
There was a great celebration held at the site, right before the building was destroyed
Half of the steps were made by stacking up large, rectangular blocks, but the builders did not use hewn stone as the Greeks did. Instead, they used a mortar made with calcium oxide and powdered granite, which was probably poured into molds, in something like an early form of cement. Except that this took place a full century before the first documented cement-like material, opus caementicium, began to be used in the Roman Empire.
The Turuñuelo de Guareña site, where digging began in 2015, has already yielded several surprises because of its sheer size (at one hectare, it is the biggest known Tartessian-era site), the wealth of the artifacts that have turned up, and their extraordinary state of conservation.
All kinds of jewelry, lance tips, containers, seeds, fabric fragments, bronze grills and enormous pots have emerged from the earth, promising to shed new light on a pre-Roman civilization that occupied the southwest of the Iberian peninsula in the first millennium before the Christian era.
Remains of two horses sacrificed at Turuñuelo. SANTI BURGOS
All kinds of myths and legends have sprung up around the Tartessians, particularly because of their mysterious decadence and abrupt end. This is partly due to the shortage of physical evidence that they left behind. But a team led by two archeologists from Spain's Higher Center for Scientific Research (CSIC), Esther Rodríguez and Sebastián Celestino – who is also director of the Mérida Archeology Institute – is fast making up for the dearth of Tartessian cultural remains. And only 10% of the building has been unearthed so far.
“A staircase is a unique architectural element of something that we didn't think they were capable of executing,” explains Rodríguez. “There were stairs in use during the Peninsula's early history, but at a later date. All we were aware of from this period was the odd set of two or three stone-and-adobe steps to make up for the sloping ground.”
In this case, however, there are at least 10 steps (more could still turn up) measuring over two meters across, 40 centimeters wide and 22 cm high. The top five steps are covered with slabs of slate, and the bottom ones are made with the granite-and-lime mortar described earlier.
A staircase is a unique architectural element of something that we didn't think they were capable of executing Esther Rodríguez, dig co-director
“The most surprising part was its depth,” adds Celestino. “Two-and-a-half meters means that there is another floor underneath, and that we are now accessing the top floor.”
There had been some speculation as to the existence of these types of buildings during Tartessian times, based on biblical descriptions. But none had ever been found. “This will be the first building to conserve both floors,” says Celestino.
To one side of this astounding staircase, archeologists found the bodies of two horses placed in an anatomical position, wearing all of their apparel, which clearly suggests a ritual sacrifice: these animals were a sign of luxury at the time, and not killed for food. On the other side of the staircase, however, there are the remains of a cow, which dwellers apparently feasted on.
All of the above has investigators positing that there was a great celebration held at the site, right before the building was destroyed.
Most of the buildings from the era were located in the middle valley of the Guadiana River, an area that went through a deep economic crisis in the 6th century BC, then sustained large waves of immigration emanating from the central nucleus of Tartessos on the Guadalquivir, in modern-day Huelva. In the late 5th or early 4th century, faced with the imminent arrival of Celtic tribes from the north, the local residents decided to raze their own buildings rather than watch them get pillaged by the invaders.
The building in Turuñuelo de Guareña was set on fire and buried under layers of mud retrieved from the riverbed of the Guadiana. But its formidable structure, with walls several meters deep, allowed it to remain standing in spite of everything.
This building has some of the traits of a palace, but also of a great funeral monument
Now, the excavation team – whose work has the backing of regional and local authorities, and financial support from the province of Badajoz – will keep plumbing the depths of this gigantic construction. The next effort will take place in May, when researchers will attempt to understand what the building was used for, and what the farewell celebration was like.
There is an added difficulty in that this is uncharted territory: the building is unlike any other Tartessian construction found in the area so far, such as the sanctuary of Cancho Roano in Zalamea de la Serena; or La Matain Campanario, which played more of an economic role. This building has some of the traits of a palace, but also of a great funeral monument.
“The upper level, with its various altars, has a crystal-clear ritual function, but religion was mixed in with everything else back then,” explains Celestino. “There are elements that make one think about burials, such as the fact that there are no built floors, despite the lavishness of every other element. Yet the fact that there were two floors suggests something else.”
The answers will come when the other 90% of the building emerges from amid the fields of tomato plants in Las Vegas del Guadiana.
English version by Susana Urra.
Dual citizenship crisis: The Government's own goals keep mounting up
Updated
Federal politics right now resembles a shapeless game of under-6 soccer.
The ball is a rolling crisis lurching back and forth, chased around by a pack of hapless politicians, with a Government team captain unwilling or unable to lead.
It's not surprising the own goals keep mounting up.
The citizenship saga is edging towards a full-blown constitutional crisis.
There are very real questions now about whether the Government legitimately has the numbers to govern in the House of Representatives.
Seven senators have now been disqualified from a pool of 76 in the Upper House.
Yet, Barnaby Joyce is the only MP out of 150 in the House of Representatives to have lost his seat.
Those numbers don't seem to add up.
There are more MPs in the Lower House who, based on previous benchmarks, should be referred to the High Court.
It's not hard to guess why the Government and Labor are resisting the prospect of an audit.
It's self-interest, plain and simple.
After spending $122 million on the same-sex marriage postal survey, the Government's claim that an audit would be too complex and too costly is laughable.
The Government is leaving it up to journalists to try and uncover the truth about people's citizenship, yet some of its own MPs refuse to provide documentation to prove they are ridgy-didge.
Labor's position is equally absurd.
Attacking the Government for its problems, while insisting all Labor MPs are fine, yet refusing to show any documentation — except in the case of the leader, who apparently has a higher benchmark.
'Australians are not concerned about it'
The Treasurer today suggested the media should just look away.
"It's one of the reasons why Australians are turning down the sound on Canberra and it's not just on politicians, it's on the media as well," he told journalists in Melbourne.
"This issue is not something that Australians are concerned about."
Believe me, we would love to cover good Government. It's been a while.
But when an elected member of Parliament, the president of the Senate no less, is told by a Cabinet member to keep concerns that he might have been unlawfully elected secret, it's a story. And it stinks.
Who could blame voters for seeking out alternatives in One Nation or Nick Xenophon.
The Greens and are the only party whose hands are clean here.
Its senators set aside their self-interest and quit as soon as their dual citizenship became apparent.
Now, they rightly call for an independent investigation of all sitting members.
The Prime Minister, as usual, is trying to ride this crisis out, without making any decisions that might upset the apple cart.
That means he, along with the rest of his team, will be left chasing the ball and down the field, hoping it doesn't end up in their goal, yet again.
Topics: government-and-politics, federal-government, elections, australia
First posted
The Senua Trailer in VR
To start off, an important note: To be clear the release of the Senua Trailer in VR doesn't mean that Hellblade will be a VR experience. We're testing things out in VR and it makes sense for us to use the assets that we had available to us while experimenting.
At GDC this year, at the Epic keynote, we released a real-time video of a scene from Hellblade which you can see here:
In a cool twist, we drew back the curtain mid-trailer, to reveal that it was being performed live by Melina on stage. She was being performance captured live on stage and rendered in real-time in Unreal Engine 4. In case you missed it, here is how we did it:
We worked in partnership with Epic Games, Cubic Motion, 3Lateral & iKinema to make this happen and it really was a serendipitous coming together of minds wanting to do something cool led by Kim Libreri, CTO of Epic.
While performance capture has been done before in films like Avatar and our very own Heavenly Sword, it has never been done live on a character of this kind of fidelity before. At the end of the demo I suggested that this would be especially pertinent to VR.
So while the Hellblade team is small, there are 100 people at Ninja Theory. A handful of these have been experimenting with VR. After GDC, we now had a great looking scene and we wanted to get it up and running in VR. Today, we are in a position to share it with you as a stereoscopic 360° video form:
Getting it working in VR required quite a bit of work. The main challenge was optimising it to run at 90fps without losing too much in the way of visual fidelity. It's now mostly hitting 90fps with some exceptions so we're not quite ready to release the PC build of the scene to the wild.
In the original scene, the cameras were captured on set and tweaked in Maya but, as you would expect, in VR it felt quite nauseating to quite a few people. So the cameras were re-authored in matinee from scratch.
It is possible to eliminate nausea by having static cameras but we felt that you also eliminate part of the drama by doing so. So what we have is a camera path that tries to preserve the intent of the original camera while avoiding some of the main pitfalls of VR-based camera motion, namely accelerations in movement or rotation. Anyway judge for yourself and let us know how you feel about it on Twitter @NinjaTheory.
What was really remarkable is the feeling of Senua's presence in VR. When you can lean in and see individual eyelashes up close, it is stunning. But when she looks into your eyes, most people experience an eerie feeling of self-consciousness which is a clear sign that your brain believes that she is real. However that illusion is shattered when you move your head away from her and she looks into blank space.
To get around this, we added head and eye tracking to Senua so that she follows you when she is talking to camera. Her head moves independently from her eyes, just as it would in a real person, and her eyes flit between your own eyes and mouth procedurally, giving the impression that she is looking at your face.
We have been creating rich worlds with strong characters in real-time for many years now and VR is a great medium to expand on our heritage into the future, especially in areas where performance capture, procedural animation and interactivity intersect.
We are pretty excited about bringing that future closer!
Ok, let's get a few things out of the way right off the bat: 'E.D.M.' and 'Crest Factor' are likely to be viewed as contentious terms, so let me tell you exactly what I mean by them.
*E.D.M. Electronic. Dance. Music. That's how simple that explanation should have to be, but let me elaborate a bit, just in case. What I don't mean is the wave of vaguely electro-house tinged, big-room, festival music that recently swept North America. What I do mean is music, made via electronic means, with the intent of people dancing to it. This covers everything from house, techno, and trance to drum n' bass, dubstep, hip-hop and beyond (including all the myriad sub-genres). Basically, anything meant to get bodies moving in a bar, club, warehouse, field, parking lot, stadium, etc.
**Crest Factor. Ok, to be fair, unless you're Paul Frindle you're probably not going to call me out on this, but I have a great deal of respect for Paul, so let me clarify. What I'm getting at is the difference, in dB, between the peak and average levels of your music. This is called many things: peak to average ratio, peak to loudness ratio (PLR), peak to short-term loudness ratio (PSR), micro-dynamics (or just dynamics), dynamic range (DR), crest factor, and probably a few others I'm forgetting. All these terms have slightly different technical (or non-technical) definitions, but point at the same concept.
Ok, good. Now that that's out of the way let me explain to you why, in my humble opinion, we should all be mixing and mastering our electronically-composed-and-produced-music-which-we-hope-people-will-dance-to (E.D.M.) with a higher peak to average ratio (or crest factor, or ...whatever...)
The Loudness Thing
Oh man, where to even start with this. The whole loudness thing is such a red herring, but unfortunately without a little background it's easy to get swept up by many of the claims about why intrinsic loudness is necessary. Stop me when you've heard (or maybe even made) one of the following arguments: "It needs to be loud so that it will bump in the club", "It needs to be loud so that it sounds as good as all the other big-name E.D.M. tracks it gets played back to back with", "It needs to be loud because that's just part of the sound of E.D.M.". Et cetera. Et cetera.
Two of these are relatively easy to address, while one definitely benefits from some slightly more in-depth understanding. Let me address the easier ones first.
that's just part of the sound of E.D.M.
I'm calling bull$h!t on this one. There is so much E.D.M. out there that boldly contradicts this. "Like what", you ask? Oh, I don't know, how about anything that has ever been pressed to vinyl? Remember, for a long time vinyl was one of the dominant ways E.D.M. was played, and I've heard more than one vinyl mastering engineer say that E.D.M. was largely responsible for keeping vinyl alive during the heyday of the CD. Need more examples? How about a good deal of both deadmau5 and Daft Punk's discographies, or the new Plastikman album EX. The list goes on.
it needs to compete with all the other big-name E.D.M. tracks
You do realize that no matter how you DJ, you have gain control over individual songs, right? If you're totally in-the-box (e.g. Ableton, Traktor without a mixer, etc.) this may mean turning the louder songs down a bit. Trust me, as long as you're not coming out of the headphone jack on your laptop the sound guy can make everything plenty loud (more on this later). If you are coming out of the headphone jack, well, maybe it's time to get a modestly priced interface. If you're using Traktor, Serato, CDJs, etc. with an external mixer, you have both the input gain and channel fader to balance the loudness of the tracks you're playing. If you're not doing that, then you've got a few more things to learn about DJing.
It needs to bump in the club
Ok, this is where a little background information comes in really handy.
I get it. You're worried that if it doesn't sound loud enough at a normal playback volume on your regular home monitors, or maybe even your laptop or phone (*cringe*), it won't be loud enough in the club. Here's the thing. The amount of power that's being used for amplification is drastically different. Think about it: a live PA system, like the ones used in most bars and clubs (never mind the huge line arrays used for festival stages), has to have enough power to make even the most dynamic material playback at a reasonable listening volume for the venue. So what is that 'most dynamic material' that needs to be supported? A live band! A live mix of a band with drums, bass, a few guitars, keyboards, and vocals can easily have a crest factor of 14-16 dB, if not more. This is why most live consoles have at least 18 dB of headroom over 0 VU. The live sound engineer (aka FOH engineer) will mix with a target average level of around 0 VU (+4 dBu), if not a bit lower, and have the amplification system set up so that it produces the desired loudness when it receives average levels in that range. The amplification system will also be designed with enough headroom so that when it receives high peak levels from things like kick drums, bass slaps, loud vocal phrases, etc. it can pump them out without being driven into clipping.
So what does all this mean for you in E.D.M. land? It means that if your track has been mastered with an RMS level of about -4 dBFS (frighteningly common), your interface is calibrated with +4 dBu equal to -18 dBFS (also common, not necessarily frightening), and your output isn't attenuated at all (it probably isn't), the FOH engineer will turn you down by about 14 dB. Now your peaks are at +8 dBu in a system that can handle peaks of at least +22 dBu (likely closer to +25 or +27 dBu), meaning there's at least 14 dB of completely unused headroom.
After eight months of heated debate over Toronto's Pride parade, a group of Torontonians is now asking for donations to throw its own parade — one that would include the police and take place on the same day as Toronto Pride 2017.
Billed as the Unity and Inclusion parade, the organizers intend it to be an alternative to Toronto's Pride parade, which recently decided not to let uniformed police officers march in this year's event.
The organizers — Bryn Hendricks, Colton Evans, Adrian Cornelissen and Christopher Thorn — sent out a fundraising letter on March 15, 2017, asking for donations to help fund five complaints on behalf of Toronto police against Pride Toronto at the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal as well as costs associated with the parade.
“Although we are not organizing an entire festival, organizing a parade also has financial costs including permits, applications and other printing and general expenses,” the letter reads.
The letter asks supporters to deposit donations to an RBC account or as an Interac e-transfer.
“Once the police and law enforcement are welcomed by Pride Toronto, any remaining funds will be donated to them,” it reads.
Unity and Inclusion Toronto declined to comment.
“We appreciate you reaching out to us, however at this time we are not prepared to make a statement,” Evans told Xtra by email.
Olivia Nuamah, the executive director of Pride Toronto, says that she recently met with two members of the organization and had a constructive conversation about police involvement in the parade.
“We think it's important that as Pride Toronto we have dialogue with this group, and that we continue to work together to work through some of our issues,” she says.
Nuamah says they didn't discuss the possibility of the group organizing a separate LGBT parade.
“They are members of the community who are able to organize what they would like,” she says.
The organizers object to a decision made by Pride Toronto's membership to accept all of the demands made by Black Lives Matter Toronto during their sit-in during the 2016 parade.
“Pride Toronto indicates their mission, vision, and values are those of inclusion and that are meant to be welcoming and uniting of everyone,” the organizers' letter reads. “Banning the Police is contrary to these values, and it remains our belief that Pride Toronto's decision to accept the demands of Black Lives Matter is not acceptable.”
A Facebook event had been created for the Unity and Inclusion parade, with the date set for June 25, the same day as the Toronto Pride parade. The event was deleted on March 25.
“Unity & Inclusion Toronto invites you to celebrate with us and over 1 million people at this year's Unity & Inclusion Parade on June 25, 2017,” read the event page. “Please join us for one of the world's largest inclusive cultural events in the Canada and the world.”
While the group also called for the Toronto police to conduct a formal review “similar to the Truth & Reconciliation Commision [sic],” the brunt of their criticism has been aimed at Pride Toronto.
On March 15, the same date as stated on the fundraising letter, Unity and Inclusion Toronto protested outside of the Pride Toronto offices.
Both the letter and the Facebook page included a logo that includes a six-pronged symbol that is a copyright of Pride Toronto. The group's logo has since been changed to a similar, but more distinct symbol.
When it comes down to it, volcanoes spend most of their existence not erupting. If you look at almost any volcano, it might have a bout of eruption for days to months at a time, then go quiet for decades, centuries or more. So when you think about the activity at any given volcano, you should not only concern yourself with what might be happening when the volcano is actually coughing stuff up (erupting), but also when, at the surface, things look perfectly calm.
There are a number of ways to examine what a volcano was/is doing during these periods of repose. My research is like that of a historian, trying to understand what was going on before eruptions that have already happened. I do this by looking at the evidence of changes in the magmatic system recorded in the crystals that are brought up during an eruption. There you find the record of intrusions of new magma occurring frequently, even during times when the volcanic system might not erupt for 100,000 years! So the real action at many volcanoes might be happening kilometers beneath our feet.
Now, if you want to be more like a journalist and look at what might be going in at the moments between eruptions, you can turn to seismology. At many volcanoes, there is a constant background din of small earthquakes caused by magma, hot gasses, hot water, or faults underneath the volcano. They can occur in swarms and across a wide range of depths—from the mantle source of the magma all the way to the surface. You can use the number of earthquakes and their depth to start to weave a story of how magma might be moving underneath a volcano during those quiet periods.
The USGS and the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network has arrays of seismometers on many of the Cascade volcanoes to watch these earthquakes, so hopefully we'll know well in advance if any of these volcanoes are waking up. It isn't easy to keep the seismic array on these volcanoes running during the winter, as the picture of the seismometer on Mount St. Helens above image shows! So you should be impressed that we have the near real-time seismic data at our fingertips.
One such story of a volcano recharging is being written right now at Mount St. Helens in Washington. Since the start of 2016 (see below), an earthquake swarm has been detected underneath the currently-quiet Washington volcano. These earthquakes have been occurring from depths of ~2 to over 7 kilometers beneath the volcano. USGS volcanologists and seismologists are interpreting this swarm as a response to the slow “recharging” for the volcano, where new magma is rising up underneath St. Helens as it slumbers. As the magma intrudes, it imparts pressure on the rock around it and it heats up water/releases gases that can add to that pressure. This generates small earthquakes as the rocks shift in response to that stress.
Now, this might make some people nervous, but if you look at the compilation of earthquakes from St. Helens over its periods of repose since 1988 (see above), you can see that it has had a lot of recharge events—and most of these don't directly lead to an eruption. In fact, if you look at the biggest recharge swarms prior to the 2004 revival of eruptions, it might have been 5 years between that big recharge event in 1998-99 and the 2004 eruptions.
Even in the time since the end of the 2004-08 eruptions, there have been little earthquake swarms: early 2012, early 2014, and now the most vigorous in 2016. These are all normal behavior for a volcano as active as St. Helens. As the USGS report on the earthquake swarm mentions, there are no other signs of potential eruption right now: no changes in gas emissions, no deformation, and no shallow seismicity (<2 kilometers) that are generally associated with an impeding eruption. However, it does mean that even as St. Helens sleeps, the magma that will likely take part in the next eruption is working its way up towards the surface, likely stopping along the way to crystallize and interact with the residue of previous eruptions.
It might take a big recharge event to really get the system primed for the next eruption. This question—what might ultimately trigger that next eruption—is one of the big ones in volcanology. However, what we can say is that no volcano is truly “dormant” when it's not erupting. It's just that most of the action is happening far beneath our feet.
This post is part of our special coverage Europe in Crisis.
Religious groups and neo-nazis protested against gay-themed play Corpus Christi in Athens on 11 October, 2012. Deeming it blasphemous, they assaulted a theater critic and forced the cancellation of the performance. He was attending the premiere and tweeted his experience immediately afterwards. Netizens reacted in shocked outrage, demanding an end to the unchecked spiral of violence perpetrated by neo-nazis in recent months.
Orthdox Christian religious groups had previously attempted in vain to get the play banned in court:
@zairacat: απορρίφθηκε η αίτηση ασφαλιστικών μέτρων παραθρησκευτικών οργανώσεων, κατά της παράστασης corpus christi. κανονικά απόψε η πρεμιέρα.
@zairacat : Religious organizations had their request for interim measures against the Corpus Christi play thrown out. The premiere will go on tonight.
They called protests, in which members and MPs of the Golden Dawn party took part:
@Inflammatory_: Golden Dawn allegedly protesting in Gazi district of Athens over Corpus Christi, a theater show accused of blasphemy by Greek Church #rbnews
According to @stratosathens, theater critic Manolis tweeted a detailed report of his assault and battery by the protesters in full view of apathetic police officers:
@stratosathens: Journalist @manolis says he was beaten by GD members and at least 1GD MP. Police standing by, refused to intervene. #Greece
Several tweeps translated his testimony on the spot. Community news collective radiobubble chronicled attempts to censor Corpus Christi and compiled Manolis' tweets, translated in English by Aliki:
At the entrance of the theatre, there were Golden Dawn and priests tearing down the show posters and stepping on them. I took out my mobile to take pictures for the blog. 5 Golden Dawners and a cop surrounded me. They ask ‘Are you a journalist?' [..] They pull me aside, call me ‘faggot' and ‘queer', pull my beard, spit in my face, hit me in the stomach. Cops nearby. I shout “They're beating me, do something?” Reply: I've seen nothing, move along please. The cop's wearing 3 stars. They put a lit cigarette in my pocket. A woman standing near warns me, in front of the cop. He pretends he hasn't heard. I start to get scared, move away from the entrance. They shout after me ‘Go away, you dirty faggot, go suck someone's cock!' I turn back to observe. A known Golden Dawn MP follows me, punches me twice in the face, knocks me down. Downed, I lose my glasses. The Golden Dawn MP kicks me. The police are exactly 2 steps away. Their backs are turned. Repeatedly, I shout to the cop “THEY”RE PUNCHING ME, DO SOMETHING!” Back still turned, he walks away. The rest of them shouting at me next to the police officer “Cry, you pussy, queen, little girl” We pass dozens of cops hanging out. I tell them I was beaten at theatre entrance. They ignore me. One blows me a sarcastic kiss.
ON THE WAY TO ITHACA summarized the events of the night, embedding videos that show a Golden Dawn MP launching threats and verbal abuse at the cast and crew of the play. The blogger mused:
I am beginning to wonder if this charade is going to become a weekly thing for as long as the play lasts… And to be honest this is getting a little too spooky for my taste
The incident marked an ominous turn in the outbreak of violence by Golden Dawn members, thus far aimed mostly at immigrants. It has led many to question the state of democracy in the land that gave birth to both it and theater:
@zoemavroudi: Tweeps point out attacks outside of gay-themed play in Athens tonight is 1st organized Golden Dawn targeting of Greeks instead of migrants.
@IrateGreek: #Greece #rbnews LPC @KHatzinikolaou: Theatre owner: Last time a play had police guard was in Junta, don't want to believe it's Junta again.
Shocked and outraged netizens flooded Twitter with messages of support for the victim of the assault, denouncing the police for colluding with neo-nazis, and demanding action from the government, which they held responsible for promoting racism:
@CrippleHorse: Ι am Greek. In my country, the government, the police &the justice system have let loose Golden Dawn, a Nazi gang, free to commit any crime.
@northaura: we demand action MT @IrateGreek: Min Public Order @NikosDendias. Torture. Human shields. Neo-nazi MPs running amok.All on your watch. #Greece
Many pointed out that neo-nazi violence, rampant against immigrants for more than a year, especially since Golden Dawn entered parliament, is now targeting other groups as well:
@nikoxy: Το σόου των νεοναζί στο θέατρο Χυτήριο αποτελεί πρελούδιο για τη μετα-ρατσιστική βία Χρ Αυγής. Οχι μόνο εναντίον ξένων.
@nikoxy : The neo-nazi show at Chytirio theater is a prelude to Golden Dawn's post-racist violence. Not just against foreigners.
@mi_kitas: Αρχικά ήταν οι μετανάστες, μετά ήταν οι αλλόθρησκοι, μετά ήταν οι αριστεροί και οι ομοφυλόφιλοι. Περιμένεις την σειρά σου;#xytirionow
@mi_kitas : First it was immigrants, then non-Christians, then leftists and homosexuals. Are you waiting your turn? #xytirionow
@Kat_McKork: Ας αφήσουμε αυτά τα “πρώτα οι μετανάστες, μετά οι ομοφυλόφιλοι, μετά εσύ” δεν είναι αυτός ο λόγος, το “μετά εγώ”. Δεν πρέπει να είναι. Όχι.
@Kat_McKork : Stop saying “first immigrants, then homosexuals, then you”, “then you” isn't the reason [to react]. It shouldn't be. No.
Another theatergoer during the same night who was met with hate and derision by protesters chronicled her attempts to reason with them in her blog, Invisible Ink:
My efforts, and the Atheist Union t-shirt I was wearing, attracted the attention of protesters who started to comment: “What does she want? To see the play?”
“She's a lesbian and wants to see the fags?”
“Look at her t-shirt! Atheist Union!”
“She's an atheist!” [..] “You want to see the faggots? They're faggots! Perverts!”
“They swear against our Christ, our Virgin Mary!”
“How do you know? Have you seen it?”
“No, but so they told me. They told me it swears against our Christ. It must be banned!” [..] “Hey, don't waste your time on her, she's not worth it. She's trash.”
“Get out of here, Albanian!”
“I'm Greek.”
“Greek? True Greeks don't do such things! You're Albanian!” [..] “Listen here, bitch, we are Greek Christian fascists! 90% of Greeks are Christian fascists, understand? As a fascist, i have the right to tell you to get out of here.”
“As a fascist, you have the strength, but not the right.”
The combined effect of the relentless debt crisis and austerity, the mounting police and neo-nazi violence with impunity have left many Greek netizens aghast, forlorn of hope and feeling forced to leave the country. But some vow to persevere, in spite of it all:
@thesspirit: Πιστεύω στους θεσμούς κ τον άνθρωπο. Πιστεύω ότι η λύση μπορεί να είναι μόνο πολιτική κ ότι η βία γεννάει βία. Αλλά σήμερα πιστεύω λιγότερο.
@thesspirit : I believe in institutions and in humans. I believe the solution can only be political, and that violence begets violence. But tonight, my belief is lessened.
@tinaletina: #Greece 2012, Nazi & state violence: some will give up, some will leave, some of us will stay n defend our dignity and lives. Fighting back.
Check out more curated tweets and links on this story by the author on Storify.
This post is part of our special coverage Europe in Crisis.
Through the execution of forks and protocol changes, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic and Litecoin have been highly successful in improving their underlying infrastructures in terms of privacy, security and scalability.
Most recently, the Bitcoin Core development team's transaction malleability fix and scaling solution Segregated Witness (SegWit) was officially integrated into the bitcoin network to provide efficient scaling for transaction settlement. In the upcoming weeks, the Metropolis hard fork and the integration of Plasma into the Ethereum network are expected to drastically enhance privacy and scalability of Ethereum transactions, through the implementation of relatively new cryptographic systems such as zk-SNARKs.
Over the past year, Coinbase co-founder and former Goldman Sachs trader Fred Ehrsam continuously emphasized the necessity of core development for public blockchain projects. In an extensive article entitled “Scaling Ethereum to Billions of Users,” Ehrsam noted that Ethereum needs to scale by a factor of 100-fold in order to serve decentralized applications with 1 to 10 million users. To achieve such scalability, Ehrsam explained that on-chain, off-chain, and two-layer scaling solutions must be developed and deployed in the Ethereum network to ease the burden on users, decentralized application developers and businesses.
“Large apps can't run solely on chain and likely never will. They need off-chain scaling solutions. While it's tricky to make accurate estimates when combining scaling improvements, it's conceivable we could see a 100x improvement by the end of 2018, which would allow a 1–10m user app. Scaling is multidimensional,” wrote Ehrsam.
In his latest article, Ehrsam expressed his concerns over the open source blockchain development market and the lack of incentives for core developers of blockchain projects. The most prevalent example being Bitcoin Core's developers who are highly regarded as being one of the most experienced, reliable and talented development teams in the technology industry.
However, not many developers are willing to contribute to open source development of blockchain networks due to opportunity costs. In an interview with IT firm Itnig, Luis Cuende, the co-founder of Aragon, an Ethereum-based blockchain project which raised over $30 million in its initial coin offering (ICO), stated that he does not know any good Ethereum developers who are not millionaires due to the emergence of the ICO market which has fueled a market for competent Ethereum developers.
“I don't know any good Ethereum developer that isn't a millionaire, and it's only a matter of time before it will become a gold rush among developers to learn the technology. After all, it's the programming language of money,”
Ehrsam believes that the migration of blockchain developers to the ICO and commercial markets will become a serious issue in the upcoming months and years because, without proper economic incentives, core developers of blockchain projects will not be motivated to dedicate themselves to non-profitable development. Commenting specifically on Ethereum development, Ehrsam noted that in order for Ethereum developers to contribute to the main blockchain and become incentivized by doing so, developers need to finance themselves by holding Ether or joining the Ethereum Foundation. But, neither of those options can provide financial stability for developers whereas running ICOs for blockchain projects can lead to multi-million dollar profits.
“The lack of incentives to work on core protocols is reflected in the large number of people working on Ethereum tokens vs. the small number working on Ethereum itself. Launching a new token has made many millionaires in the last 8 months, whether on paper or liquid. Meanwhile, if you contribute to the core Ethereum code base at best you 1) own a bunch of ETH personally and the price of them goes up a bit or 2) need to join the Ethereum Foundation and get paid some amount that wouldn't match the economics of a successful token launch,” said Ehrsam.
Speaking to CoinJournal, Samson Mow, CSO Of Blockstream argued that while there are developers who work on ICO's due to the high financial rewards, many are still attracted to work on open source projects due to the scale and caliber of the projects as well as the individual developers' values.
“Well, Fred is right that many developers would probably rather work on an ICO. After all, who doesn't want to get rich quick? However, that is only a subset of developers and many still contribute their time and effort on serious projects. It's really a question of which developers are driven by higher aspirations and ethics.”
Though it is clear that core protocol development is massively underfunded when compared to ICO development, there are already efforts being made to ensure that developers are paid. Companies including Tezos are incentivizing developers to work on their core protocol through a bounty program and Bitcoin Core have a sponsorship programme which allows large companies to fund research and development. Though uncommon, some companies such as Blockstream support Core by allocating members of staff to work on the software. Former CEO, Austin Hill explained the process in 2016, explaining how the time is used to improve Bitcoin, rather than for the benefit of Blockstream
“We believe that no company should have influence over core, however, core still needed to be funded, when we created Blockstream, the only other was the Bitcoin Foundation who were funding members of the team, but that went away when the community lost face in them and all of a sudden there were core developers with no income. We made a decision that we aren't going to hire any more core developers, instead, we'll have our team work on the open source project, but at no point will Blockstream the company dictate what we think is right for Bitcoin, so we developed this into our contracts including a clause where if we ever ask our developers to do anything which they feel goes against the principles of Bitcoin or if we try to push something that is to our advantage then they have the right to resign.”
According to Mow, this remains the case with Blockstream still committed to Core development and the company still allocating staff to work on the project.
“We still have that clause in contracts for the developers that are allocated to work on Bitcoin Core. Currently, we have developers working on Bitcoin Core, and others contribute in their own time as they choose. Blockstream uses the technology behind Bitcoin, so it's only natural that we contribute back, just like any open source contributor would do.”
When I designed my cob house here at Dancing Rabbit Ecovillage two years ago, I decided that I was going to live without electricity. I had no plans to buy a solar power system or a wind turbine. I was going to make the leap to live electricity-free in my home, in order to live more simply and even more ecologically than ever before. Humans have lived without electricity for hundreds of thousands of years, so why couldn't I do it, too? Even today, groups of Amish are still holding strong and continue to live electricity-free in a very wired world. Here are some of the reasons why to live electricity-free:
1) No Electricity Bill
Living without electricity is really cheap! Solar power systems can cost thousands of dollars. I saved myself a big wad of cash when I decided to go without.
2) You Never Have To Call An Electrician
I never have problems with my electricity, because it's non-existent (duh). Power systems are very finicky and require lots of maintenance, but I save hours of tedious labor each year because there's nothing to maintain. And I never have to worry about my power going out!
3) Better Ambiance
Have you ever been in a room lit entirely by candles? It's beautiful and literally feels good. Artificial overhead lighting is one of the most offensive and ugly ways to brighten up a space. But candles are warm, mellow, and create a sense of intimacy that cannot be reproduced by a light bulb.
4) It's As Eco-Friendly As You Can Get
Grid power is intensely destructive and responsible for a range of environmental issues, including natural resource exploitation, global climate change, pollution, mountaintop removal, deforestation, and more. Access to electricity has caused our country's economy to explode over the past 100 years, but at a huge cost and with questionable benefits. Even “green power”, or renewable energy has its own share of environmental impacts, including the mining of very rare and precious elements. Ultimately, clean energy is a myth, and creating any kind of electricity, whether it's with a solar panel or a wind turbine, creates ecological damage on some level. Going without electricity avoids all of that mess!
5) Less exposure Electromagnetic Fields
Electromagnetic fields (EMFs) are a hazard with little-known and potentially adverse human health effects. The world is full of stuff slowly killing us so it's nice to limit exposure to anything that has potential to do even more damage. Who needs to worry about EMFs when you've got no buzzing electronics around…?
6) Less Electronic Noise
…And speaking of buzzing electronics, ha! My house is as quiet as the sky is blue. When I walk into my house, there is no ambient buzz of electric equipment and I can bask in the actual silence of my home. Genuine silence is pretty hard to come by, you know.
7) Healthier Circadian Rhythms
Artificial light really messes with our circadian rhythms, our natural 24-hour phsyiological cycle. Since we can essentially extend the daylight hours with artificial light, our average waking hours have extended, which essentially messes up the natural rhythm of our bodies:
Once humans began to use artificial light to vary the length of the day, the average night's sleep decreased from about nine hours to about seven, and the amount of sleep began to vary considerably from one night to the next. This irregularity prevents one's circadian rhythm from settling into a pattern, and creates a state of perpetual semi-jet-lag. Our bodies' rhythms attempt to appropriately adjust our alertness, blood pressure, and such for particular times of day; but we often do things contrary to this cycle, and therein lies the problem. (Source)
8) Candles Smell Good
One more thing about those candles… Have you ever smelled a beeswax candle? Damn, they smell good. (Don't talk to me about those nasty artificially scented paraffin wax candles. Paraffin candles contain carcinogenic compounds that can lead to lung cancer, too.) But yea, beeswax candles are where it's at! They smell absolutely sweet and delicious.
9) Fewer Distractions
With computers, movies, video games, cell phones, and everything else begging for attention, it's nice to have some relief from all of that to make time for yourself and your loved ones. Fewer electronic distractions leaves more time for reading, meditating, playing board games, and relaxing. You can learn to provide your own entertainment without access to electricity and feel relief from all of the distractions that electronics provide.
10) Actual Ninjas Did It
Ninjas lived without electricity. So did pirates. Even Abe Lincoln, Davy Crockett, Jesus Christ, Cleopatra, and a host of other historical individuals. Join the club and go electric-free!
You're probably thinking that it's totally impractical to live without electricity in today's world. You may be right. Even I, who live in a house without electricity, am I sitting here typing on a computer in an artificially-lit room about why you should not do just that. (I do have access to power in a community building here at Dancing Rabbit.)
However, perhaps it's more important to say that there is much value in having an electric- and electronic-free sanctuary, a space without access to those distractions that can quickly consume our daily lives. And to recognize the fact that humans have lived without electricity for hundreds of generations and made it to this point, that humans don't “need” electricity to survive, is crucial and can open our minds to the possibilities of making do with less. Electricity is a great privilege, but its ecological impacts are huge, and the creation of electricity will never be truly green.
To learn to live with just a little less electricity can be incredibly empowering. (No pun intended, sorry.)
Many thanks to Web Retail Group, provider of ecommerce web design and product data feeds, for their pledge to the blogathon!
Image credit: Flickr via AdamCohn, AlmazUK, jaxxon
This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information.
After several months behind walls, the lobby at Disney's Polynesian Village Resort was unveiled today. While not officially finished, the lobby is now functional, but will not be considered complete until the spring when the entire remodel of the hotel is finished.
The tiki icon will be added in the center when the project is completed in the Spring
New furnishings
The hidden Mickey remained
From the second floor
Some great new art in the lobby, this piece from the Disneyland Submarine Voyage
“it's a small world”
Some art is near the elevators
Enchanted Tiki Room
The remodeling of the lobby is part of a multi-year refurbishment of the resort leading to the opening of the Polynesian Resort Villas and Bungalows in 2015.
So, what do you think?
Photos found on @Schmoofy on Twitter.
— A police dog wounded by a murder suspect Sunday was expected to make a full recovery and return to duty, officials said Monday.
K-9 officer Reiko, a 2-year-old German Shepard, was shot by a murder suspect around 11:30 p.m. Sunday, the West Covina Police Department said.
The incidents leading up to the shooting began at 11:11 p.m. at the Church of the Nazarene in the 1400 block of W. Badillo, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department said.
Police officers responded to scene and discovered the body of a man outside the church.
A witness described a possible suspect and told police he fled the scene westbound on foot.
A man matching that description was found with the help of a police helicopter on the roof of a home in the 1500 block of East Elgenia Street, authorities said.
When police arrived, the suspect jumped off the roof onto the driveway and officers deployed Reiko.
“As the dog was approaching the suspect, a shot was fired by the suspect towards the dog and the officers. The shot apparently struck the dog,” West Covina police Corporal Rudy Lopez said.
Police returned fire and fatally shot the unidentified suspect.
Reiko was taken in stable condition to Animal Specialty Group in Los Angeles where he underwent surgery.
“The bullet apparently entered his left shoulder, traveled across his neck to the top of his back where it lodged under the skin,” Dr. Steve Bilbrey said.
The bullet was removed with a small incision and Reiko was expected to make a full recovery and return to full duty.
“He is uncomfortable, but he is fine,” he added. “He is stable. He is able to walk, but it is quite sore in his left front leg and neck area and probably will be over the next few days.”
Reiko is expected to leave the animal hospital by Thanksgiving, officials said.
No West Covina police officers were injured in either shooting.
The LASD was assisting in the investigation.
A strange, unearthly “shriek” greeted NASA's Voyager I spacecraft as it became the first man-made object to enter interstellar space.
A strange rising “howl” was detected by instruments aboard the 36-year-old probe, which has travelled 12 billion miles away from our sun.
The sound was transmitted back to scientists on Earth, over a distance so vast radio waves take 17 hours to reach us. Science site iO9 described the sounds as “creepy” and “wraithlike”.
NASA announced this week that the tiny probe has now left the “solar bubble” - a historic moment which marks our species entry into interstellar space.
The “howls” and “shrieks” detected by Voyager's instruments - actually waves in plasma in space - provided proof.
[Time travel is possible says Professor Brian Cox]
The plasma waves are inaudible in space, but , “These frequencies are within the range heard by human ears,” says NASA. “The soundtrack reproduces the amplitude and frequency of the plasma waves as "heard" by Voyager 1. The waves detected by the instrument antennas can be simply amplified and played through a speaker.”
The rising tones of the “shrieks” of space allowed scientists to realise that Voyager first entered “interstellar plasma” - ionized gas in the space betwen the stars - in August 2012.
“This conclusion is possible from the spacecraft's plasma wave instrument,” Ed Stone, Voyager project scientist based at the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena.. “The 36-year old probe is now sailing through uncharted waters of a new cosmic sea and it has brought us along for the journey.”
"Now that we have new, key data, we believe this is mankind's historic leap into interstellar space. The Voyager team needed time to analyze those observations and make sense of them. But we can now answer the question we've all been asking -- 'Are we there yet?' Yes, we are."
The discovery of the strange sounds - and of the fact that Voyager had entered interstellar space was made possible by an eruption on the sun, which send a burst of “solar wind” towards the tiny craft..
“On April 9, Voyager 1's plasma wave instrument detected the movement,” NASA says. “The pitch of the oscillations helped scientists determine the density of the plasma. The particular oscillations meant the spacecraft was bathed in plasma more than 40 times denser than what they had encountered in the outer layer of the heliosphere. Density of this sort is to be expected in interstellar space.”
The spacecraft launched in 1977, and has travelled billions of miles through our Solar System. It is now so far from Earth that its radio signals take 17 hours to arrive.
Voyager is expected to keep transmitting until 2020.
Today we will be discussing Edmund Husserl's thought in the “Appendix V: Objectivity and the World of Experience.” from The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy, 1970. He begins by discussing “prescientific experiential life” by this he means the process by which we come to know (objective) things with certainty through sight, touch, feel, sound etc, through the repetition of experience, but Husserl states that what actually occurs is that:
What becomes well known through repeated experience is always still only relatively known in regard to everything known about it, and thus it has in all aspects a peculiar horizon of open unfamiliarity. (Husserl, p. 343, The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy, 1970)
Husserl states that when we actually come “nearer” to the thing we experience (or something like it at least), we get to know it more exactly, which he dubs “more exact determination” (p. 343) which is a “continual process of correction” (p. 343) (the example he uses if of seeing something as purely smooth and red, but finding “in truth” it to be a bit rough, and spotted). This relates to the fact that we all have our own experiential representations that we assume with certainty is accurate to everyone else around us too, we tend to assume that:
Everything is valid that is valid for us as actually existing there is always already understood as existing for all, precisely through common experience. (Husserl, p. 343, The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy, 1970)
Husserl states that the horizon mentioned above continues on to other objects with horizons that extend beyond what is “coperceived” to the infinity of unknown things (of possible experiential knowledge), which also corresponds to vague causalities. He states that even this manner of being in the world, in suspension, with open, undeterminate horizons does not disturb the everyday world of “normal men” (p. 344) Why is this so? Because in our normal life, we encounter a sphere of normal things which become known through normal (and common) “types of experience”, whatever horizons remain in suspension out of sight of this remain (practically) irrelevant says Husserl. What we are left with is a:
… practically perfect acquaintance with the things as they really are and [as they] can be exhibited [to be] again and again in their true being – in the only truth which normal, practical life knows and needs. (Husserl, p. 344, The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy, 1970)
From here Husserl asks then how scientific knowledge is possible, more over how is scientific objectivity possible? He claims that:
A deeper inspection of this knowledge soon gives rise also to the recognition of its relativity to those who experience, individually and together, those who cognitively identify the same things throughout the alteration of wavering, subjective, sensible manners of givenness. But how, from this point, did the idea arise of an absolute, exact determineness of things, and not only those things of the universal, open, infinite world-horizon which can never be traversed by actual experience with its finite progress? (Husserl, p. 345, The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy, 1970)
Husserl asks these questions and more, but eventually comes to formulate the problem thus: “the radical problem of the historical possibility of “objective” science” (p. 347) Husserl states we need not simply establish “science's historical, factual point of origin in terms of place, and actual circumstances”, but rather we must try to understand its original “spiritual motives” which by this Husserl means “its most original meaningfulness” (p. 347) Husserl says we need to look through the origins of a “successful rational objectification within a fundamental stratum of the world”, which he takes to mean the objectification brought forth in mathematical disciplines such as geometry. To Husserl, objectification is a method which is founded in our previously mentioned prescientific data of experience, in which the :
Mathematical method “constructs,” out of intuitive representation, ideal objects and teaches how to deal with them operatively and systematically. It does not produce things out of other things in the manner of handwork; it produces ideas. Ideas arise through peculiar sort of mental accomplishment: idealization. (Husserl, p. 348, The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy, 1970)
Firstly idealizing to Husserl accomplishes together with the “exactly identifiable ideas it can produce, as mental structures based on multiplicities of appearance which are suspended in relativity.” (p. 348) Secondly Husserl notes the “operative construction of idea-structures out of pregiven ideas” – it is the inter working of both of these types of idealization that makes up the “objective-scientific mind”. (p. 348) These become “pure-thinking” to Husserl in the sense that they are a “science that idealizes”, and remains purely in the realm of ideas. The leads Husserl to state:
This world [the totality of such objects] is already objective insofar as the knowledge it affords, the ideals formed of it, are absolutely identical for anyone who practices the method, no matter how much his empirically intuitive representation may differ from what serves others in their intuition-based idealization. (Husserl, p. 349, The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy, 1970)
From here Husserl questions the a priori nature of the ideal mathematical structure discussed. The a priori is something ideal and general according to Husserl, it is the objectivity of this type of thought that he means to critique, as it is a structure within men, it is we who form it, thus how can it be objective? To get around this problem Husserl states:
It must be shown, then, in deed as something belonging to the individual essence of man and thus to the world, that in mankind this capacity can never cease, can never be completely absent, even if it remains undeveloped for factual reasons. This leads to the most general and deepest problems of reason. (Husserl, p. 350, The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy, 1970)
To Husserl we are searching for an ultimate truth, in the sciences, in mathematics these “actual or still to be accomplished” branches of a single philosophy, which he calls “theoretical mankind”, and “philosophizing mankind”. One that overcomes finitude, limitedness and relativity, that encompasses the world. To Husserl these questions and goals will guide us toward a new philosophy, which will cause new historical paths and lead to a new method of philosophical work, which one could say we see in his phenomenological project.
Reference
Husserl, E. (1970). “Appendix V: Objectivity and the World of Experience.” Trans. David Carr. The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology: An Introduction to Phenomenological Philosophy. Evanston: Northwest University Press. Pp. 343, 344, 345, 347, 348, 349, 350.
Related articles
-31.952222 115.858889
Advertisements
View this email in your browser
Dear fellow patriot,
With just eight days left before DUMP RYAN DAY, I have some very exciting news....
Conservative columnist Ann Coulter has endorsed my campaign to defeat Paul Ryan and will be joining me here in Wisconsin for some key get-out-the-vote rallies this weekend!
Ann is perhaps the leading voice in the culture for conservatism that puts the values of Americans first -- our liberty, our jobs, our borders and our security. I'm honored to have Ann campaigning with me this weekend.
But now I need your help.
My staff is hard at work putting together the final details on the Coulter rallies along with other key final-week meetings here in the district featuring Congressman Tom Tancredo (who pioneered the fight for border security in our nation).
The Ann Coulter rallies along with other events during this FINAL WEEK will cost about $20,000, and I must have the funds in hand by EOD tomorrow (Tuesday) .
With just EIGHT DAYS LEFT, I'm turning to you... Monday Afternoon:Dear fellow patriot,With just eight days left before DUMP RYAN DAY, I have some very exciting news....Ann is perhaps the leading voice in the culture for conservatism that puts the values of Americans first -- our liberty, our jobs, our borders and our security. I'm honored to have Ann campaigning with me this weekend.But now I need your help.My staff is hard at work putting together the final details on the Coulter rallies along with other key final-week meetings here in the district featuring Congressman Tom Tancredo (who pioneered the fight for border security in our nation).With just EIGHT DAYS LEFT, I'm turning to you...
Will you help me right now raise $20,000 for our final key rallies featuring Ann Coulter and Tom Tancredo and other vital efforts to DUMP RYAN? Click here or on the image below:
But the fact is, we have all the momentum -- on the ground, in the polls and with high-profile endorsements from Ann Coulter, Tom Tancredo, and many others.
But now I need your help for these final key get-out-the-vote rallies here in the district!
Thanks in advance!
Paul Nehlen
P.S. We have major get-out-the-vote rallies starting Wednesday and culminating this weekend with Ann Counter. Will you help me with this final-week push to get our message out to voters? We need $20,000 by EOD tomorrow (Tuesday) if at all possible.
In the past few days, Ryan has unloaded hundreds of thousands of dollars from his Establishment war chest in a desperate effort to stop the rising tide of our campaign.But the fact is, we have all the momentum -- on the ground, in the polls and with high-profile endorsements from Ann Coulter, Tom Tancredo, and many others.But now I need your help for these final key get-out-the-vote rallies here in the district!Thanks in advance!Paul NehlenP.S. We have major get-out-the-vote rallies starting Wednesday and culminating this weekend with Ann Counter. Will you help me with this final-week push to get our message out to voters? We need $20,000 by EOD tomorrow (Tuesday) if at all possible. Go here
Ann Coulter photo: Gage Skidmore (source: Wikipedia)
Across Mexico, they are counting the cost of the strongest hurricane ever recorded. It may be days before we know the full tally, but already we can guess from shocked eyewitness accounts that the damage from Hurricane Patricia could run into the many tens, if not hundreds of dollars.
Conchita Alvarez, 47: “My burrito was ruined. A sudden gust blew sand in it and made it all gritty.” Jesus Sanchez, 74: “Never mind your burrito, I lost my sombrero – a treasured heirloom from the days when all we Mexicans wore sombreros, before we learned from enlightened Gringos that they are demeaning and stereotypical and racist and fit only for Jeremy Clarkson jokes.” Santiago Garcia, 28: “Every one of my tomato pots was blown over. My salsa will never taste the same.”
But, amid all the suffering that this truly terrifying non-event of a damp squib has caused since it made landfall in Mexico, let us reserve our most special prayers for the people it hit hardest of all, viz: all those climate alarmists who, before it struck, were confidently assuring us that this was going to be the hurricane to end all hurricanes; and one which, furthermore, would offer a brutal rebuttal to all those foolish enough to deny the reality of climate change.
Among them, were Wired's Nick Stockton, who breathlessly set the scene with this portentous opening paragraph:
BY THIS TIME tomorrow, Mexico's resort-speckled southwest coast will almost certainly have been thrashed by the strongest hurricane ever recorded. And the storm, unassumingly named Patricia, almost certainly owes its strength to a monster El Niño stacked atop climate change.
(“Resort-speckled”? Hmm.)
and Slate‘s Eric Holthaus (a meteorologist – so he must know, right?), who treated us to a taste of the kind of devastation we could expect from this strongest hurricane evah.
A high percentage of framed homes will be destroyed, with total roof failure and wall collapse. Fallen trees and power poles will isolate residential areas. Power outages will last for weeks to possibly months. Most of the area will be uninhabitable for weeks or months.
Mexico's climate change negotiator, too, seized the chance to whip out an onion and issue a tearful cri de coeur:
In about four hours, Hurricane Patricia will hit the Mexican coast,” Roberto Dondisch said at the closing session of a fraught round of negotiations in Bonn. “I don't think I need to say more about the urgency to get this deal done.”
And, almost inevitably, the man who has staked his presidential reputation on his legacy in combating climate change stuck his oar in too:
Our thoughts are with the Mexican people as they brace for Hurricane Patricia. USAID disaster experts are on the ground and ready to help.
Tragically, all these doomsayers were 56 years too late. What they were hoping for, no doubt, was something more akin to the hurricane that landed in much the same part of Mexico in 1959. (H/T Steve Goddard)
(1959, sharp-eyed observers may note, predates the era of “catastrophic man-made global warming”)
Instead, where they had been predicting 200 mph winds, what they actually got was much less impressive. Forty miles from the storm in Puerto Vallarta, the windspeeds were about 14 mph. Obviously it would have been worse in the eye of the storm. But 200mph? Not even close. We know this because trees were not even stripped of their leaves at landfall – a reliable gauge of wind strength.
As for the claim that this was the strongest hurricane ever recorded – well, that's largely a function of changing measuring equipment rather than changing climate patterns.
Claimed “record wind speeds”, of course, rely on satellite measurements that we have only had for a few decades. Prior to that, we had to rely on ship and airplane measurements that were at best patchy, and tended to underestimate wind speeds as pilots were reluctant to fly into the centre of the most powerful hurricanes, understandably! Similarly, wind speeds on landfall relied on anemometors, which weren't always where the highest speeds were, and too often were destroyed by high winds. About the most that can be claimed, therefore, is that Hurricane Patricia is the strongest hurricane in the Eastern Pacific in the last 30 years or so.
What we can be sure of, though, is that this had nothing whatsoever to do with “climate change.” The most authoritative paper on the subject makes that clear:
CONCLUSIONS. To summarize, claims of linkages between global warming and hurricane impacts are premature for three reasons. First, no connection has been established between greenhouse gas emissions and the observed behavior of hurricanes (Houghton et al. 2001; Walsh 2004). Emanuel (2005) is suggestive of such a connection, but is by no means definitive. In the future, such a connection may be established [e.g., in the case of the observations of Emanuel (2005) or the projections of Knutson and Tuleya (2004)] or made in the context of other metrics of tropical cyclone intensity and duration that remain to be closely examined. Second, the peer-reviewed literature reflects that a scientific consensus exists that any future changes in hurricane intensities will likely be small in the context of observed variability (Knutson and Tuleya 2004; Henderson-Sellers et al. 1998), while the scientific problem of tropical cyclogenesis is so far from being solved that little can be said about possible changes in frequency. And third, under the assumptions of the IPCC, expected future damages to society of its projected changes in the behavior of hurricanes are dwarfed by the influence of its own projections of growing wealth and population (Pielke et al. 2000). While future research or experience may yet overturn these conclusions, the state of the peer-reviewed knowledge today is such that there are good reasons to expect that any conclusive connection between global warming and hurricanes or their impacts will not be made in the near term.
Why, if you didn't know better you'd almost think that the climate alarmists didn't actually care about science or evidence, and were simply desperate to exploit any extreme weather event, whatever its cause, in order to ramp up global anxiety in the run up to the climate talks in Paris this December…
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
I hear the words of the establishment coming out of Donald Trump supporters, just like I heard them from Mitt Romney supporters, and just like I heard them from John McCain supporters.
I've even heard them from Donald's mouth personally.
“People should vote for me because I'm winning and I'm a winner,” he has continually said some semblance of over and over throughout his time on the trail.
He then cites a series of always national polls that show him leading in those polls that study opinion via calling people through landlines.
Ask yourself how many people do you know personally that have given up landlines.
When he declared he'd walk out of the debate this past week he sounded off as to his thoughts of how badly FoxNews would suffer in the ratings–because as Trump's thinking went–he was the reason the debates had become so highly rated.
His assumption was calculating that when he left, the epic audience would as well.
His assumption further seemed to imply that his private event would outshine the debate.
And his assumption still asserted that being ahead in the polls in Iowa was enough to not have to work the state for the weekend–that he will merely jet into Des Moines
Monday night, accept the win, and jet right back out again.
Well hold your ears and cover your eyes Tumpsters because you're about to have a very bad few seconds followed by an awful couple of days.
Because Trump lost, is losing, and will lose.
Does that make him electable?
He lost the hearts and minds of Iowans. From the minute he declared he was out of the final debate Iowans couldn't make it to enough microphones to tell networks how disappointed they were. Many of them saying they had been leaning Trump but were firmly against him now. I have publicly speculated for a couple of days now that with his free fall, less than optimum organization in Iowa, and a surging Rubio effort being led by that candidate, The Donald could fall to third on Monday Night.
He lost the debate. It was obvious the stage didn't miss him and he was forced to absorb the things said on stage without any response.
He lost the opportunity to appear Presidential. The take my audience and go home mentality did not impress many.
He lost the ratings battle. FoxNews scored the second highest audience in their history.
Numbers even higher than the debate from the previous week. Meanwhile Trump trying to co-opt past Iowa winners, pretend to be doing something for charity (though the checks were all written to the Trump Foundation, and no information has been revealed as to how much of the 5 million Donalds own people put up), and garnering the cameras of all the other networks scored just less than 2 million viewers nationwide. Fox scored nearly seven times that number and had a monstrous 8.4 share for the night.
He is losing the public opinion in Iowa. His team is trying to show that slipping from an eleven point lead in public opinion to five points isn't a loss. As of this morning the Des Moines register has that number just under 5 and a model that turns out voters in three times the numbers of the biggest turnout on record and counts on Evangelicals to stay home in higher numbers than in 2012. Neither of these things are going to happen.
He is losing in head to head match-ups with Hillary. So his entire argument of “I don't have to tell you my policy plans because I'm the one who can beat Hillary” is out the window.
Trump had already had his worst month of the campaign. He had an atrocious end of the month and did nothing but lose the final days of the final week.
He will be lucky to edge out Rubio in third place in Iowa at this point. And Teams Cruz and Rubio will raise lots of money and gain massive momentum heading into New Hampshire the following week.
The real downside about making your entire campaign about being a winner, is that in politics as in life, NOBODY wins everything–all the time.
And the question becomes what is your game plan when you are no longer the winner?
A few months ago, my 75-year-old technophobic father, who still works full time as a big-city mail carrier, asked me to sign him up on Facebook, leaving me nearly speechless with surprise. When he added that he was doing it to keep in touch with a 26-year-old Saudi Arabian woman he had met on his mail route, I was even more stunned.
His small step to join social media in 2015 was as giant a leap for him personally as Neil Armstrong's step onto the moon was for the United States in 1969. In many ways, my father still lives in the 1960s. With his strict Italian-American Catholic sensibilities, he's a man with values closer to “Father Knows Best” than “Modern Family.”
When I find my father reveling in the black-and-white mainstays of his childhood, such as Roy Rogers Westerns, I worry about him retreating into the past as well as becoming too reclusive. He has many friends but prefers watching AMC to seeing a buddy. His request to join Facebook, therefore, was the most out-of-character move he had ever made, at least in my memory.
The day he met the woman he calls Anah (a simpler version of her hard-to-pronounce name), he saw someone in a hijab who avoided eye contact. When he said “hello,” she hurried away. But day by day, she grew more comfortable with him and his gentle humor.
A White House official has disputed a report by a British newspaper that President Trump's trip to the U.K. next year has been downgraded from a "state visit."
The Evening Standard reported on Wednesday that U.K. diplomats are discussing Trump's future visit as a "working visit," meaning it would likely be part of a multi-country trip and lack the grandeur of a typical state visit.
When diplomats are visiting as part of a state visit, they typically stay at Buckingham Palace. If Trump's trip is a working visit, he will likely stay at the U.S. ambassador's residence, according to the Standard.
"Not accurate, we've not yet scheduled anything for next year," Michael Anton, a spokesman for the National Security Council, told The Hill when asked about the report.
The president's U.K. visit has been a source of controversy in the past.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump reportedly told Prime Minister Theresa May that he was concerned about protests and did not want to visit the country without public support.
In June, London Mayor Sadiq Khan called for the U.K. to cancel the visit, which was planned for late 2017 at the time, after Trump slammed Khan's response to a London terror attack.
We're friends, right? Can we have a serious talk for a second? We want you to have an outstanding time when you're at your con. And we want you to come back next year for more of the same. Follow the 5-2-1 Rule to ensure a maximally excellent experience. This is a time-tested axiom that you should follow at every convention:
Five Hours of Sleep
It's considered rude to sleep in panels, especially ones with a capacity crowd. Worse yet is walking around the con in a sleep deprived haze that keeps you from really enjoying everything. Seriously, a recently published study found that sleeping 5 hours a night was associated with improved immune system function. Con crud is probably not one of the souvenirs you intend to bring home. So get some sleep. Sleep horizontally in a bed, not in a video room. (Note that caffeine is not an appropriate substitute for sleep.)
Two Meals of Real Food Each Day
That energy blast and pocketful of gummi bears will do weird things to your gut, and then it's game over. Also, Pocky is not a meal. Be sure to grab a real meal somewhere (ask the Information Desk or the hotel for a list of places). You know you'll feel better!
One Shower A Day (Non-Negotiable)
No one likes Con Funk. Even if you only take three showers a year, take them all during the convention. Do you really want to be in a confined, crowded event hall or gaming room hall that also contains a fan who smells like a biology experiment gone wrong? We don't either. Take a freakin' shower. With soap. Every day.
Got a con-going pro-tip to share? Drop us a line and share it!
cityscape Why Toronto Needs a Low-Income Metropass Program
Getting around the city can be expensive—especially for low-income Torontonians.
When many Torontonians think of poverty, the first issues that come to mind are housing and food. Mobility is often overlooked, creating a gap in accessibility and services available to those looking to get around the city.
Grassroots organization TTCriders has established the Fair Fare Coalition in an attempt to fill that gap. Last month, members attended City Hall to push for lower TTC prices for the city's lowest income residents.
The group is lobbying to create a program that allows low-income Torontonians access to a $50 Metropass and $1 single-ride tokens to get on trains, buses, and streetcars.
“Anything else was unaffordable,” says Karin Meinzer, chair of the Fair Fare Coalition. “We looked at doing a price set at a percentage of income, but when you do that you end up with a large percentage no matter what. We felt that there had to be some sort of cutoff.”
Meinzer says TTCriders arrived at these figures when they realized many people living with social assistance end up working low-paying jobs, or end up in positions where they're working part time, meaning any price based on a percentage of income isn't the best option on such fine margins.
TTCriders also created a petition outlining their terms to Mayor John Tory, Premier Kathleen Wynne, other members of Council, and the TTC chair. At the time of publication, the petition had 412 signatures.
The TTC currently offers discounted Metropasses, but only to customers, typically larger companies, who buy the passes in bulk. Discounts off of the $141.50 adult Metropass are between 10 and 12 per cent, depending on the volume of passes purchased.
The Fair Fare Coalition published a report [PDF] that recommends Torontonians receiving benefits from the Ontario Works program and Ontario Disability Support Program receive a free Metropass. The report reasons that those receiving benefits from both programs shouldn't be spending money on public transport, and that they should be spending their basic needs allowance solely on basic needs such as food and shelter.
Similarly, the report suggests that workers below the low income cut-off who do not receive benefits should qualify for $50 Metropasses and $1 tokens. Those prices mean a worker in a family of two (parent or grandparent and child or grandchild) would spend roughly three per cent of their income of about $23,000 or less on transit.
The report also recommends that low-income passes and tokens be treated identically to their full price counterparts, that service for discount customers not be limited to off-peak hours or certain days of the week.
In their research, the Fair Fare Coalition found those in need of low-income passes may be living where there is adequate transit, but have long commutes which can require the use of two transit systems and multiple fare payments per trip.
Meinzer, who is also a literacy instructor at an adult learning centre, has seen this firsthand.
“Somebody in my classroom works in Richmond Hill three times a week for six hours each shift at minimum wage. She's taking two transit systems a day for about $12 just to get to that job,” she says. “She has access, but at a cost.”
Expensive, long-distance commutes could become an even bigger issue for low-income Torontonians if Metrolinx chooses to instate zoned fares in the city. This would travel for longer distances—particularly from the GTA to the downtown core—more expensive than that within the city. Last week, Mayor Tory voiced his support for zoned fares.
Meinzer said that beyond helping Torontonians who need a low-cost mobility option, subsidized access to the TTC shouldn't have to be justified by potential increases in revenue and ridership.
“When we have a system priced to the point where some people can't pay to use it, then it's a social justice issue,” she says. “The issue with low-income passes isn't solving a ridership problem. We don't ask questions like that about other public services like education or healthcare.”
Sean Hertel, the co-author of the 2015 GTA and Hamilton transit study “Switching Tracks,” echoes Meinzer's sentiments. Hertel's study determined that transit is a “broader public good and social issue,” meaning senior government needs to step in to help with subsidization.
“Unfortunately within the current financial system we have, it's very hard to conceive a transit system as anything more than transportation,” he says. “Under current budget constraints, it's difficult alone to provide for the baseline transportation that people need, let alone at a reduced rate for those who can't afford it. It's a wicked problem.”
Hertel said the economic factors are outweighed by the need for transit equity, especially in areas that are underserved by available transit options. In addition to paying less, it's about giving people more dignity as well.
“It's about decency and respect for people. A lot of people that we spoke with from the inner suburbs and further out in places like Brampton said they were tired of waiting in the rain for a bus, then having garbage roll down the aisles every time the bus pumps the brakes,” Hertel says. “They feel insulted, they don't feel valued.”
TTC spokesperson Susan Sperling said “the City of Toronto is studying [the possible relationship between low-income passes and increased ridership] and will report out later this year. As we have said on this in the past, the TTC has no concern with a discounted fare, but there is a cost and it needs to be funded.”
“We need to get a better grasp on whom the ‘public' in ‘public transit' really is,” Hertel says.
The jellyback is a tall creature which feeds on the high fruits of certain trees. Once the creature reaches maturity it produces egg cysts within the large sac on its back. These eggs are very small, hard, and numerous. The timing of this is correlated with symbiotic flying creatures' breeding patterns. Once the flying creatures begin their courtship, the jellybacks begin a transformation. Toxins usually stored in their sacs become neutralized; in the process the sacs turn a bright red color as the creatures' limbs stiffen. The jellybacks die in this process, retaining a rigid standing position, and using the red color of the jellybacks' sacs as a signal that it is time, the symbiotic flying creatures tear into the sacs and feast on the mass stored therein. These nutrient-rich tissues and fluids give the flying creatures the energy they need to produce their young. The jellyback's egg cysts are also consumed incidentally, but are not harmed by the flying creatures' digestive processes; in fact the process is essential to allow them to hatch. The egg cysts are later deposited by the flying creatures as they excrete them far and wide. The cysts then hatch and, using the nutrients from the flying creatures' droppings, begin the first stage in their life cycle. The dead jellybacks' bodies can remain fixed in a standing position for years, providing structures for the flying creatures to build safe nests high above the plains.Rising up through the fog in the distance, the fossilized remains of complex mega-structures formed over millions of years by long extinct burrowing tube worms have been exposed by geological processes to form dramatic arches looming over the plains.To see an anatomical diagram of this creature see this illustration: [link]
Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right National Front (FN) party, is planning to visit the UK in the coming weeks to campaign in favour of Britain leaving the European Union.
ADVERTISING Read more
The FN's head of communication, Alain Vizier, told FRANCE 24 that “while no date has been set, she will definitely be going to London”.
Le Pen is an MEP whose party is virulently anti-Europe and anti-immigration. She has said she would organise a referendum in France on leaving the EU if she were to come to power. Her party has been monitoring the British referendum closely, hoping for a pro-Brexit vote that would give a boost to the FN agenda at home.
"Every nation in Europe has the right to be asked that question: 'Do you want to stay in this [EU] structure ... or not?'," Le Pen told Radio Classique in an interview on Monday. "The first step was organised by [British Prime Minister David] Cameron."
One possibility would be for Le Pen to campaign with Janice Atkinson, a former EU lawmaker from the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) who is part of Le Pen's Europe of Nations and Freedom Group in the European Parliament.
However, Le Pen's presence on the campaign trail is not likely to please UKIP leader Nigel Farage, who has distanced himself from her support in the past, describing the FN as anti-Semitic.
A recent opinion poll has shown that most European nationals hope Britain remains a member of the bloc. A TNS survey published Wednesday showed that six out of 10 French citizens are hoping Britons vote to remain, although 52 percent believe they will choose to leave.
The same poll showed 78 percent of Germans and two-thirds of the Spanish also want Britain to stay.
The question will be put to a referendum on June 23, when the British public will vote on whether to stay part of the 28-member union or strike out alone.
According to an Ipsos MORI poll published in London's Evening Standard newspaper Wednesday, support to remain in the EU stands at 49 percent, 10 points ahead of the “Out” campaign.
For her part, French opinion polls show Le Pen topping the first round of presidential elections next year unless the centre-right Les Republicains (formerly the UMP) party nominates former prime minister Alain Juppé. But Le Pen is projected to lose the second round and ultimately the presidency.
(FRANCE 24 with REUTERS)
You're planning on upgrading your hard drive, but there's one small problem: How do you get your data from the old hard drive to the new one, without reinstalling everything? Here's a step-by-step guide to seamlessly transition to a new drive.
Photo by Jeff Kubina.
If you've bumped up against the limits of your small, old hard drive over and over, it may be time to upgrade. In some instances, all the desktop user may need to do is install a second (or third) hard drive for a little more space. But that's not always an option, especially for laptop users. The solution: Clone your old drive—complete with your operating system and all your data—to a new, bigger drive.
Advertisement
For the purpose of this article, we're going to start after the point at which you've physically installed the hard drive—there are just a couple of screws and a cable, after all, but if you still need some help you can check out our guide to installing a hard drive for a primer on the basic technique.
Advertisement
Below, we'll highlight a few tools that can help you clone your old hard drive to a new one (and choose a favorite we'll use), detail a few of the finer points for getting started on a laptop or desktop computer, then guide you through the cloning and upgrading process.
Options for Cloning Your Drive
To upgrade your hard drive without reinstalling everything, you'll need to use a utility to make an exact copy, or clone, from the old hard drive to the new one. A number of commercial tools will do this for you, and even some free Windows utilities can make a copy of your drive while your PC is running. For example, see our guide to using DriveImageXML to hot image your PC's hard drive, which is an excellent tool for making a backup. The problem, however, is that it doesn't create a true clone of the drive, since you'd still have to reinstall the Windows bootloader using a repair CD if you wanted to boot into your cloned drive.
Advertisement
The bigger problem, particularly if you're upgrading a laptop, is that you need to have a copy of Windows already running for most of the free utilities to work; most laptops can only have one drive hooked up at a time. In this case, your best free option is the Linux-based Clonezilla Live CD, which streamlines the process of imaging your drive to an external drive or even a shared folder on another PC.
Upgrading a Desktop Hard Drive
When it comes to upgrades, desktops are always going to be easier to deal with since you can easily get in there and move cables around, and in this case, because you can hook both drives up at the same time, greatly simplifying the whole process.
Advertisement
What you'll want to do is hook the new drive up—since we'll be using a boot CD, you can save a step by plugging the new hard drive into the primary slot, and move the old one to the secondary—so once the cloning is done you won't have to do anything else.
Upgrading a Laptop Hard Drive
Method One: While some laptops have the capability to swap out the optical drive and add another hard drive, it's not common, so you'll need to use an external USB hard drive, or potentially another PC with a shared folder, to save an image of the current drive. Once you've created the image, you can install the new drive, and then restore the image onto the new hard drive.
Advertisement
Method Two: Your other option is to install the new hard drive, use an external USB to SATA adapter to hook the old drive to the laptop, and then clone the drives that way. This eliminates the extra step of copying to a secondary device, but requires spending a little extra money for something you might not use very often—so you might want to borrow one from a geek friend that does PC repair (or just use the first method above).
How to Clone Your Drive with Clonezilla
Now we're ready to clone our old drive to our new one. The first thing you'll need to do is download a copy of the Clonezilla ISO image, and then use a software like ImgBurn to burn it to a CD. For best results, you should grab the Alternative Ubuntu-based version, which has better compatibility with modern hardware.
Advertisement
Once you've got the live CD burnt to a disc, restart your computer, boot off the CD, and accept all the default settings until you get to the screen where you can choose to create an image of the drive, or sync one drive directly to another drive. If you have both drives connected, you can simply use the device to device option, otherwise choose to create an image.
Assuming you chose to create an image, you will need to choose where the image will be stored, whether on an external drive, SSH server, or you can use the SAMBA option, which will allow you to connect to a Windows shared folder to store the image. Either of the latter two options will step you through a set of wizard screens to help you get hooked up to the server.
Advertisement
If you chose the local device option, you'll be prompted to select the drive that you want to save the image on. Make sure that this drive is formatted with NTFS or a Linux filesystem—you should not use a drive with FAT32 since the 4GB maximum file size will probably cause the cloning to fail.
Advertisement
At this point you'll be prompted to either save or restore a disk or partition—you should always use the disk image option here, and not single partitions, as you need the bootloader to stay intact on the new drive to make sure Windows is bootable. Since we're making an image file here, choose the first option, and follow through the wizard to select the drive and give it a name.
Creating the cloned drive image will take a while, but at the end you should see the option to shutdown or restart your PC. Laptop users, it's time to swap out the old hard drive with the new one, so we can restore the cloned image. If you did a direct disk to disk copy (which you probably did if you're on a desktop), you can skip the next step ("Finishing Up").
Advertisement
Restoring the Cloned Image
Now that you have the new hard drive installed in the PC, boot off Clonezilla again, follow through all of the same prompts until you get to the screen where you have to choose to save or restore the image. Choose the restoredisk option, choose the image to restore from (it's the one we just created above), and then choose the new disk that you want to overwrite.
Advertisement
You'll be prompted twice to make sure that you really want to overwrite the drive (make sure you've got the right drive installed—that is, the new, big, empty one), and the restore process will take a while. Once it's all done, you can remove the CD and reboot the PC from your new drive, directly into Windows.
Bonus: The Expert Linux Method
If you're a little more comfortable with Linux, there's any number of command-line tools like partimage or dd that can get the job done easily from a Linux Live CD. For instance, to copy one drive to another using dd, simply use the following command, substituting sda and sdb for your source and destination device names.
dd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/sdb
To create an image file instead, you can use a command similar to the following one suggested by reader @zarekthenerd, substituting sda for your source drive name, and modifying the path to your external hard drive:
dd if=/dev/sda of=/media/EXTERNAL/backup.img bs=4096
Once you've created the image, you can swap out your hard drive, boot from the live CD again, and then reverse the command:
dd if=/media/EXTERNAL/backup.img of=/dev/sda bs=4096
Finishing Up: Boot Up and Expand the Partition
Now that we're all done cloning the drive, all you need to do is boot up your PC, wait for Windows to finish figuring out that you have a new drive and installing the device drivers, and then we're ready to fix the one remaining problem—the current drive partition is the same size as the old drive.
Advertisement
If you're using Windows 7 or Vista, open up Windows Disk Management through the Start menu search box, or by right-clicking on Computer and choosing the Manage option. Once there, right-click the partition and choose Extend Volume to make the partition fill the entire disk.
At this point you should be able to head into Computer and see that your new hard drive is now nice and spacious.
Advertisement
If you're using Windows XP, you're going to have to take another route (it doesn't have a robust, built-in partition manager); you could choose to create another partition, or if you want to resize your primary partition, you can boot from the GParted Live CD and make the changes in there by clicking on the partition and using the Resize/Move button.
So have you ever upgraded from one hard drive to another one? Did you do the full reinstall, or use a cloning software? Share your experience in the comments.
Advertisement
The How-To Geek uses the SystemRescueCD and partimage to clone drives from the command-line . His geeky articles can be found daily here on Lifehacker, How-To Geek, and Twitter.
A Brisbane City Council bus driver is fighting an assault charge after allegedly punching a cyclist in the face after he was called "fat and stupid" during a peak-hour row in Brisbane's inner-city two years ago.
Leon James Zahnow, 36, pleaded not guilty in Brisbane District Court today to one charge of assault occasioning bodily harm, following the road rage incident.
Crown prosecutor David Finch told the court Mr Zahnow pushed and punched 57-year-old cyclist Gregory Ralph Jardine on Given Terrace in Paddington about 7.30am on December 10, 2009.
Mr Finch said the pair became involved in a "heated argument" after the bus nearly collided with the cyclist on Caxton Street near the Iceworks Restaurant Bar and Lounge.
The jury was told Mr Jardine, an architect on a morning bike ride, "interfered" with the side mirror of the bus and the windscreen wipers, before banging repeatedly on the front door of the bus once it stopped several metres away on Given Terrace.
Last weekend, Crowfall developer ArtCraft Entertainment held the last of its February playtest weekends, inviting the game's Early Access backers to jump into the gameworld to play, test, and provide feedback on the game in its current state of development. As one of said Early Access backers (full disclosure there), I was among those invited to take part in the test, and having last played the game sometime early last year, I figured now would be a good time to pop in and see how the game's coming along.
At present, the game build is a very early one that the devs have dubbed Pre-Alpha 2.0, so the features on display during the playtests are both limited and almost certain to undergo radical changes between now and Crowfall's eventual launch. The game's current, rather bare-bones incarnation includes the frameworks, in varying stages of completion and polish, for its basic gathering, crafting, and PvP combat features, though my playtime over the weekend was limited largely to the former two, with relatively little in the way of bloodshed. I don't consider that to be altogether a bad thing, though; even this early implementation of Crowfall's gathering and crafting systems is intricate enough that I reckon it deserves a column in and of itself, so let's go ahead and dig in.
When you first log into the game and choose your first vessel (I chose the adorable, straight-outta-Redwall duelist, if you were wondering), you're effectively, but thankfully not literally, naked as the day you were born, devoid of any equipment whatsoever. So the first order of business is to get yourself outfitted with some starting gear, and the only way of doing that—short of finding yourself a generous benefactor to donate some freebies—is to craft it yourself. And before you craft anything, you've got to gather up some raw resources for materials.
The general gathering-crafting cycle will be fairly familiar to anyone who's ever played a crafting-survival game like Minecraft or its many offshoots: You harvest materials with which to make better gear, which in turn lets you harvest higher-tier materials with which to make even better gear, etc. In Crowfall, there are four main types of raw materials, each with an associated harvesting tool: wood, harvested with axes; stone, harvested with hammers; metal ore, harvested with picks; and skins, harvested with knives.
As a fresh vessel, you start with nothing but a basic axe. There's a special beginner recipe to craft your basic array of starter harvesting tools, and the specific tool it creates is dependent on the material used to craft it. Using wood creates a hammer, allowing you to harvest stone, which in turn creates a pick that lets you harvest metal ore, which finally creates a knife that lets you skin dead creatures. Similarly, there are special beginner recipes to craft a basic set of weapons and armor. They're spectacularly cheap, requiring only a handful of resources to create, but they don't allow much in the way of customization, and their stats are underwhelming to say the least.
The overall crafting process, like resource-gathering, should be familiar to anyone who's ever played a crafting-survival game or just about any MMO with crafting in it. In a nutshell, you choose a recipe, gather up the necessary resources, stick ‘em in the appropriate slots, and craft the item. Or try to, anyway. If a character's skill level in the relevant crafting discipline isn't high enough, there's a chance for the craft to fail, consuming all materials in the process.
This will probably be the most contentious aspect of the game's crafting system, and I can personally attest to its rage-inducing potential. Don't get me wrong: I think a solid system of risk-vs.-reward is essential, especially in a high-stakes PvP title like Crowfall, but failing to craft an item with a 97% chance of success is uniquely infuriating, especially considering the immense time and resource investments involved, as we will see shortly.
Before I can go into detail about the crafting process, though, I first need to explain a bit how the materials function. Materials are classified based on two attributes: grade and rarity. Grade is a numerical value from one to whatever the highest grade is—I have no clue, though the highest I saw was grade five—that serves as an indicator of a material type's overall quality. All materials of a given type share the same grade; i.e., slag is considered a grade one metal, while gold is grade 5. Higher-grade resources seem generally less common than lower-grade ones and tend to require higher-quality tools to harvest effectively, but they result in much higher-quality items when used as crafting materials.
A material's rarity, indicated with the grey-white-green-blue-etc. spectrum that should be familiar to most anyone who's played an MMO in the past decade or so, can be looked at as an indicator of an individual piece of material's quality in relation to other pieces of the same material. Take again the previous example of slag versus gold: Gold, being of a much higher grade than slag, will always (to my knowledge) be of better quality, but when mining a gold vein, each individual piece of gold you receive may be common, uncommon, rare, etc.
Now, on to why that whole infodump is important: Crowfall's crafting system is intricately modular, to put it mildly. You'll see what I mean in a minute. Given the complexity of the systems at work here, I think it'll be easier to explain by way of demonstration, so let's look at the process of crafting a shiny new gun.
The screenshot above shows the recipe to create a pistol. As you can see, it requires only two materials: a pistol body and a pistol barrel. “What's so intricately modular about that?” you might ask. Well, as you may have surmised, both of those components are themselves crafted items, so let's go ahead and look at the recipes for the body and barrel.
The barrel is obviously pretty simple: just three metal bars (more on those soon). But the body is more complex, requiring the combination of three more crafted components: a pistol hammer and frizzen, a pistol trigger, and a weapon grip, the recipes for which are shown in the screenshot below.
This is just one example—and a relatively simple one, if you can believe it—of the kind of modularity I'm talking about. The stats of a finished item's component parts will ultimately contribute toward determining the stats of the final product itself. This modular, component-centric approach to item creation gives crafters substantial control over the attributes of crafted items. But if the stats of a crafted item are determined by the stats of its component parts, you might be wondering how the stats of said components are determined.
Now, fair warning, past this point things get even more complex, and because I didn't have time during the playtest to do quite as much experimenting and note-taking as I would have liked, my understanding of the finer details of the mechanics at play here is limited. I'll do my best to extrapolate from what I learned during the playtest and to fill any gaps with information from the official wiki wherever possible, but it's pre-alpha, so it's likely that all this information, as with so many things in life, will ultimately be irrelevant.
You may have noticed earlier that the basic materials used in crafting recipes have generic names like “metal bar” and “plank” rather than, say, “copper bar” and “cedar plank.” This is also the case for the recipes for refining raw resources into usable materials, as seen in the following screenshot of the recipe for metal bars.
So to smelt a bar of metal, you need three separate stacks of three pieces of ore each—ignore the “specialty seal” slot for now, we'll come back to that later. As you've probably already guessed, each ore slot in the metal bar recipe can be filled with any ore, though each individual stack must consist of three pieces of ore of the same type (copper, iron, etc.) and rarity—white-rarity iron ore won't stack with green- or blue-rarity iron ore, for instance. However, it isn't required that all three stacks of ore be identical to one another.
In fact, the system encourages players to mix and match. See, the type(s) of ore you use when crafting a metal bar will determine the finished bar's stats, which in turn will contribute to the stats of any item that bar is used to create. Mixing (or not mixing) different types of ore will produce varying kinds of metal bars, each with its own specific stats.
For example, if you craft a metal bar with three stacks of copper, you'll unsurprisingly end up with a copper bar, which grants increased critical hit chance. But if you use two stacks of tin and one stack of copper, you end up with a bronze bar imbued with a bonus to in-combat stamina regeneration. I wasn't lucky enough with my harvesting drops to be able to determine the exact effects of using higher-rarity resources, but I'd hazard a guess that it increases the magnitude stat bonus provided by the finished item.
Now, consider this: There are (to my knowledge) five different types of metal ore—six including slag, which I don't think can be combined to create alloys like the others can. When crafting a metal bar—the most basic component for most metal-based items—players can use up to three different types.
I'm not great with numbers, but I reckon that's a substantial number of unique combinations, each of which presumably creates a different type of metal bar with its own unique (or at least semi-unique) stats. Now consider that all those types of bars can be combined in however-many ways to create components, such as the pistol barrel we looked at earlier, which can in turn be combined in various ways all the way up the chain until the final product is complete.
Obviously, the other resource types won't have quite so many possible combinations—you can't make wood alloys, after all—but even so, the amount of control that crafters have to fine-tune the stats on the items they create is pretty impressive. And that's still not even quite the end of it.
Yes, there are a couple more (mercifully small and easily explained) facets to Crowfall's crafting system that allow crafters to customize their creations even further still. First, remember that “specialty seal” slot in the metal bar recipe that I told you to ignore earlier? Specialty seals are optional components that convert an item's combat stat (e.g. the crit chance bonus on copper bars) into a non-combat stat, such as harvesting or crafting—the specific stat a specialty seal provides is determined by the materials used to craft the seal, natch. There are also similar optional components that can be added to armor recipes to grant various stat bonuses, but I didn't have much of a chance to fiddle with them myself.
And lastly, there's experimentation. Before you finish crafting an item, you are given the opportunity to experiment on the item, as seen in the screenshot to the left. You're given a certain number of experimentation points, represented by the line of green pips near the top, which you can spend to experiment to attempt to raise one or more of the item's stats (grade and durability in the screenshot). The number of experimentation points available, the number of points that can be invested in a given stat, and the chance of success are all determined by a character's skill-point investment in the relevant nodes on the skill tree. It's a gamble, however, as an experiment's success is not guaranteed—in fact, a critical failure may instead lower the item's stats. And whether it works or not, it will increase the item's build time, which isn't much of an issue for lower-tier crafts, for which the increase is usually only a second or two, but may prove crippling when trying to construct larger and more complex items like siege weapons.
I'm sure there are more details about Crowfall's crafting systems that I've forgotten and still more that I flat-out haven't discovered yet, but at this point I feel like I've written enough to provide what I hope is a decent impression of the overall scheme of things, and I'd wager that by now you've read about it as much as you're willing to read in a single sitting. And of course, there's still much more to the game that is yet to be explored—classes, skills, and of course the carnage and mayhem of PvP combat, for starters. But for now, I hope you've enjoyed this deep-dive into one of the game's most complex (and intriguing) systems. Until next time, friends.
Good remote and easy to use, but programming software has some tricks
I received the Harmony 700 remote and explored the website before attempting to program it. Initially, I ran into a problem with the software allowing me to register, then saying "stop and save". The website indicated that some firewalls might prevent the software from operating, so disabled them with no change. I then went to options in Google, and found that I had to activate an option in Google for the program to work. This is something that new users should know, as it is not explained in the Harmony program. Once this was accomplished, everything went smoothly, adding devices and programming i/o's. The only deviation was not having an optical audio input listed for my Pioneer Elite receiver. However,once I established the exact name for the input, I was able to add it to the i/o list for the receiver and program it for the CD music function of my CD/DVD player. Overall, programming was easy and the normal function assignments were fine for my applications. Using the remote itself requires getting familiar with the controls and displays, but is not difficult. My wife, who is not technically inclined learned to use it easily. Being able to activate the appropriate devices with a function button really appeals to her. It also works through the glass in my equipment cabinet, which a plus in not having to purchase (and install) an IR/RF repeater for several hundred dollars.Read full review
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
The King needed to get in shape. By the early seventies, Elvis Presley's constant touring, hard living, and penchant for overeating had taken their toll. His personal doctor came up with the perfect solution: Take up the highly-kinetic game of racquetball, which was becoming a full-fledged craze in America. When the King Held Court is the story of a how sport goes from prescription to hobby to obsession, a collision of show biz and gym-sweat where stealthy midnight limo rides, make-up artists, and an audience of groupies provides the backdrop for Presley's surprisingly strong play and uniquely physical style, perhaps inspired by his recent dalliance with karate. Featuring animation by indie comic artist Ben Marra and an original score by Dap-Kings drummer Homer Steinweiss, When the King Held Court lets the key figures around Presley at this time celebrate both the King of Rock ‘n' Roll and his passion for racquetball—a forgotten chapter in both Elvis's biography and the sports landscape of America in the 1970s.
There was a chance that the career of Phoenix Suns big man Channing Frye was in jeopardy due to an enlarged heart around this time last year. Frye's prognosis is much more encouraging now, however, and he revealed to SB Nation's Suns blog Bright Side Of The Sun that he has been medically cleared to return to the court:
"I've been cleared by the numerous doctors I've seen," Frye said on on Tuesday for this week's podcast. "This whole process has been extremely detail-oriented on both sides - from my side and the Suns side. We both want to do what's best. I went across country to see the best doctors I could all to make sure they all agreed that I was healthy, that I could do this."
Frye was diagnosed with an enlarged heart in September 2012 after a treadmill stress test that players undergo before each training camp. The 30-year-old missed the entire season and, for a long time, he was limited to non-aerobic activities like walking, yoga and golf.
Frye was cleared to resume more vigorous exercise earlier this summer, though, and he says his heart responded well:
"I saw [the doctors] earlier this summer and they said 'you're good', and that I could start to exercise," Frye recalls. "Saw them a couple months later and 'You're better than what you were'. Not only one doctor, but three other ones, maybe four other ones agree with me. "Now its in the Suns hands."
The Suns must now decide how they're going to move forward with Frye. Considering he has been cleared by multiple doctors, there doesn't seem to be much reason to keep Frye off the floor when the season starts. However, Frye is going to proceed with caution:
"I don't really have a timeline," Frye said. "I just want to make sure I'm comfortable. I'm going to play it like Derrick Rose. I'm not going to put myself out there until I feel like I'm the best. "However long it takes is however long it takes."
For now, Frye is doing whatever he can to set a good example for the plethora of youngsters on Phoenix. Even though the Suns are in the middle of a rebuild, he plans on making the best of it by working as hard as he can to return to his previous form.
More from SB Nation NBA:
• A guide to the supposed Knicks-Nets rivalry
• Ziller: The next NBA labor battle
• Jared Sullinger arrested for domestic assault and battery
• Michael Beasley and the problem with weed in the NBA
• J.R. Smith says he's "100 percent sure" Knicks are champs in 2014
• Ranking the top 100 NBA players of 2017
click to enlarge Gregory Allman, author of rock classics such as "Whipping Post" and "Midnight Rider," performs with his new solo band at the National on Sunday, April 10.
Against the odds, Gregg Allman is still kicking.
A founding member of southern rock and jam-band prototype, the Allman Brothers, the gritty-voiced, Hammond B3 keyboardist chronicled his life in the 2012 autobiography, “My Cross to Bear,” co-written by Alan Light.
With a down-home narrative style, Allman takes readers on a journey from his fatherless youth in military school to the traumatic loss of his brother Duane, a slide-guitar prodigy killed in a motorcycle accident in 1971, through the group's massive chart-topping successes in the '70s.
There are also short-lived marriages with way too many women, including Cher, cranking out kids with many of them, while helping fellow Georgian Jimmy Carter rise to political power and occasionally acting in movies.
Through it all, he stays faithful mostly to his musical vision, heavy drinking and drugs.
But with his health faltering in recent years -- a case of hepatitis C led to a liver transplant -- the 68-year-old reportedly has cleaned up. Since the Allman Brothers officially called it quits last year, Allman has been working with a solo group and recording a new album at the legendary Muscle Shoals studio, FAME. He says he can't talk about it yet, but he'll be playing the songs in Richmond.
He also has his own traveling music festival that he curates, the Laid Back Fest, which this year is featuring local group People's Blues of Richmond on the bill at Red Rocks alongside ZZ Top. “We played Lockn' last year, which was one of Allman Brothers' last shows,” PBR bassist Matt Volkes says. “Gregg Allman is rock 'n' roll. He paved the way for a lot of us. … [He's] badass.”
Speaking to the grizzled rock veteran on the phone, Allman wasn't particularly elaborate. He didn't seem to want to talk about the past much and often answered simply with wheezed chuckles, his thoughts seeming to hang like the Spanish Moss that surrounds his custom-built Tudor-style home just south of Savannah, Georgia.
Style: How are you feeling these days?
Allman: Feelin' real good, spectacularly good. I'm gluten-free and I juice every day. Take a lot of high-powered vitamins. Right now, I'm hanging out at home, playing with my doggies. Rehearsing a little bit.
What can you tell me about this new band and new record?
I tell ya, it's one of the most incredible recording experiences I've ever had. We did some beautiful music, man. Funky stuff. Got two first takes on this record. That's a good sign.
It took me seven years to find 'em all [band members]. I found the first guy, me and him found the third guy, three of us found the fourth guy, it went on like that. I only had to make two changes. I had a chance to get two of Bobby Bland's old horn players and I jumped at the chance. … Man, they don't ever have a bad night. I swear. That's why I handpicked 'em. I got anybody that I could learn from. That had to be one of the qualifications.
Back in the heyday of the civil rights struggle, you had a black drummer in your band in the Deep South. What do you make of the racial divisiveness we're seeing today?
Well, that's the good thing about musicians. There never has been any color. I've never ever had any kind of run-in with somebody of another race. Just never been in my world at all, you know? When I see stuff like that, man, I just … this asshole Trump. If he gets in, man, it's gonna be the biggest mistake America ever made.
He doesn't come off as very presidential.
Nooooo, sir. He's just a big asshole.
Have you spoken with [former Allman Brothers guitarist] Dickie Betts at all since his brother's death?
Ahhhh. [long pause]. We, uh. We haven't talked face-to-face in a long time. But we give messages to each other. I think probably next year, or definitely the next, we'll do an Allman Brothers reunion tour. Should be pretty good.
I saw where an old 1971 Allman Brothers show, a radio broadcast, is being released in early April.
Do what now? Oh really? First of all, we're probably due for the Guinness Book of World Records for jive-ass, lying, thieving managers. You see back in the day, when we did these things, after the fact they always put a clause in there that the record company owns your record, so they can repackage 'em, put a new skin on 'em, sell 'em again. … But ever since the Internet started it's made record-making a joke, you know? All you gotta do is go to Spotify to get it for free, man. People go to Starbucks and spend $5.26 on a cup of fucking coffee and they drink it down, and it's gone, man. But no, they can't spend a buck for a song that will last 'em the rest of their days. Figure that out.
I was happy to see you picked a local group, People's Blues of Richmond, for your national Laid Back Festival. Can you tell me about that?
Oh yeah, we usually try to get some up-and-coming [bands]. Got shows this year in Chicago, Nashville, Atlanta, New York, and Red Rocks in Colorado. Next year there should be eight. Gonna put one up in Portland, one in San Francisco, one down in Florida somewhere. This Laid Back fest, we started last year in Jones Beach, was a total success. My fests are about music and food. We get all the local chefs, high-dollar to what have you, BBQ. You get VIP tickets, you can taste everything. Drink everything from beer to champagne. Smoke a fat one and have yourself a good day.
I was sorry to read in your book about the tragedy with your father near Virginia Beach.
I was 2 years old when it happened, man. He picked up a hitchhiker and the guy murdered him. I never knew what it was like to have a father. Tell you the truth, I had this little friend down the way I used to play with. Around 5:30 every day this big gorilla would come in and start pushing him around. I said, “Man, who the fuck is that?” He said, “Oh, that's my daddy.” I said, “What?” He said, “My father.” I said, “What the hell is that and I'm glad I ain't got one” [laughs hard].
Yeah, my dad had stopped off at a bar on the way home. … He had just come back from the Korean War and was shellshocked. My mother said it was probably just as well.
Also I read that you were once planning to record an album with Tim Buckley. Did you have songs ready for that? That could've been nice.
Yeah really, I woulda done it too -- but he died on me, man. I'll tell you, I did one of his on my new record … but I can't tell you about the new record. Gonna let it hit you all at once [laughs].
Will there ever be a movie about your book after what happened on “Midnight Rider” [a film director was convicted of felony negligence after a train bridge mishap killed a member of the crew]?
I don't know, man. That was a total fuck-up on their part. I wasn't even in town when it happened. Yeah, that guy's in jail just where he needs to be.
Actually, he just got out this month for good behavior. After serving a year.
Oh, is he out? I don't see how he still has a license [to make films].
I don't think he can for 10 years as part of his sentencing. Do you ever consider acting anymore? I see that movie “Rush” is on cable now and then.
I don't know, man. I'd like to do some voiceovers. Those Pixar things. Cartoon-like.
Your classic song “Whipping Post” has been covered by Zappa and sampled by Jay-Z. It has one of the most dramatic endings of any song in rock history -- with all the stops and crescendos. Do you remember how it came about?
[Laughs slowly] Ahhhh, not really. That was a long time ago, brah.
I've seen you play a handful of times over the past 25 years -- you're a hell of a blues singer. Just seems to get deeper into your voice as you age.
Thank you, man. I hope I'm learning and writing a new one on my deathbed [laughs] …
Just do not vote for Trump. Get rid of that guy. I mean, what an imbecile. They're like a bunch of children up there, man. Him and Cruz.
I take it you're not feeling the Bern?
Bernie don't look like he's going to last a term. I just don't see how you can start that important of a job at the age of 82 [Sanders is 74]. You gotta have all your marbles. Nah, looks like I'm gonna have to go for the lady. Ain't much choice.
Gregg Allman performs with Gabriel Kelley at the National on Sunday, April 10. The all-ages, seated show is at 7:30 p.m. Tickets run $40-$75. Thenationalva.com.
Terry Firma
The Florida professor who offended millions by allegedly making students “stomp” on a piece of paper with the word Jesus on it has broken his silence.
No doubt he's got plenty of time for interviews now that, after a deluge of death threats, his university has decided to place him on leave.
The mid-March kerfuffle at Florida Atlantic University happened when the instructor, Dr. Deandre Poole, who taught an intercultural communications class, asked his students to write the word Jesus on a sheet of paper and then step on it. One Mormon student refused and was suspended by the university. Soon, outside protests came pouring in, including a scathing letter from Florida's Republican governor Rick Scott. The school then apologized for both the disciplinary action and the professor's exercise.
So far, we've had little but the student's version of events to go on, but now Poole (photo) has told his side of the story to Inside Higher Ed.
And what do we learn?
• Far from being a Jesus-mocking heathen, Poole is a lifelong church-going Christian and former Sunday-school teacher who describes himself as “very religious.”
• The student exercise, Poole says, involved stepping (not “stomping,” as Fox News and others alleged) on the sheet of paper.
• The exercise was meant to demonstrate that some students would feel inhibited about stepping on something that 15 seconds earlier had been a random, insignificant piece of paper. This would give everyone an opening to discuss symbols and their meaning.
• Poole says it made no difference to him whether the students stepped on the paper or not. Most didn't, and that was fine, he explains, as their discomfort was intended precisely to jumpstart the discussion.
• The suspension of the angry student was the result of the student's aggressive behavior after class, claims Poole. The young man allegedly slammed his fist into his palm and told the instructor he wanted to hit him (although the student's attorney denies this ever happened). Alarmed, Poole notified campus security and filed a report on the student.
In revisiting this Christian tempest in a teapot, we can see that at the very least, things are a little less clear-cut than the Christian-right outrage machine made them seem.
Now let's look at what America's very own Taliban had to say when they contacted Poole.
He said he has received hate mail and death threats, some of them coming in forms particularly hurtful to an African American. “One of the threats said that I might find myself hanging from a tree,” he said. [H]e has had some days that he did not feel safe at his home and so stayed elsewhere.
On Friday, Florida Atlantic University announced that the threats against the professor had become so numerous that
Poole has been placed on paid leave because his safety could not be assured on campus.
Yet again, the love of Jesus' followers shines through bright and clear.
[photo via Inside Higher Ed]
It's almost here. One of the city's most anticipated weekly events has almost arrived… by truck! Yes, it's Food Truck Tuesdays in Larkin Square. Over the next six months, Buffalonians will be treated to some awesome food, while listening to some of their favorite bands (see trucks and bands listed below).
With over 50 food trucks and 25 bands, the event series continues to bring the heat. Coined “Buffalo's biggest dinner party”, you won't want to miss a beat in 2017. Not only will most of your food favorites be back, there are also 15 new food trucks rolling into the square this season. Also, some hot new music acts will be making first time appearances, including Buffalo favorites Nikki Hicks & Momma's Biscuits, Sharon Bailey Project and Tommy Z Band.
Food Truck Tuesdays has become one of the largest and longest-running food truck events in the country.
“Along with our KeyBank Live at Larkin Wednesday concert series, Food Truck Tuesday has become the flagship event in Larkin Square,” said Larkin Square Director of Fun Leslie Zemsky. “As we welcome warmer weather, we're hungry to fill Larkinville with food trucks and family-friendly fun!”
In order to accommodate as many food trucks as possible, Larkin Square is set to accommodate 28 at a time. There will be additional food trucks stationed at Flying Bison Brewery, just down the street. To make it easier for people to enjoy their food selections, the Hydraulic Hearth (716 Swan Street) will allow people to sit in the beer garden to enjoy their food. BFLO Distilling Co. invites people to do the same, by offering some seating inside the distillery (860 Seneca Street).
Per usual, guests to Food Truck Tuesdays are invited to play pickleball, or enjoy a round of nano golf at Larkin Links. Guests can also expect to find:
Beverages sold onsite
Beverages sold onsite Colorful seating available or bring your own seating
Hula hoops spread around the square
Each truck will offer at least one item certified as a Healthy Option by the Independent Health Foundation
Admission and parking are free thanks to presenting sponsor KeyBank and sponsor Independent Health
For more information on Larkin Square, visit www.larkinsquare.com.
Food Truck Tuesdays in Larkin Square, presented by KeyBank and sponsored by Independent Health
Weekly from April 11th through October 3rd (except July 4th), 5-8 pm
Larkin Square, 745 Seneca St., Larkinville (free admission & parking)
2017 Food Truck Tuesdays Roster of Participating Trucks (* are new to Food Truck Tuesdays)
Amy's Truck
Abbott's Frozen Custard
Antones at the Fair
Antones at the Fair Carniverous *
Carniverous * Center Street Smokehouse
Cheesecake Guy *
Cheesy Chick
Chef's Catering/ Chef's Mobile Kitchen
Crusin Crepes
Crusin Crepes Dirty Bird Chicken and Waffles
Eat Greek (Sonny's Landing) *
Flaming Fish
Frank Gourmet Hot Dogs
#Get Fried *
Gourm-Asian Buffalo
Gourm-Asian Buffalo Great Foodini
Great Foodini Green Acres Ice Cream *
Hawaiian BBQ
Healthy Scratch *
House of Munch
J&L BBQ
Jimmy Z's *
Just Pizza
Kona Ice
Le Petit Poutine
Lloyd
Lomo Lomo
Lomo Lomo M & S Street Eats
Macarollin'
Maria's Bene Cibo *
Maria's Bene Cibo * OG Wood Fire
Pizza Amore
Pizza Amore Polish Villa
R&R BBQ
Rob's Kabobs *
Rob's Kabobs * Rolling Cannoli *
Rolling Cannoli * Rudy's Kitchen *
Ru's Pierogis *
Ru's Pierogis * Sassi Cakes
Sassi Cakes Smoothies Plus
Street Cafe
Sweet Hearth
Sweet Melody's
Taffy's
Ted's Hot Dogs
Thai Me Up
The Great Aussie Bite *
The Meatball Truck Co.
The Salad Bar*
Tuk Tea
Tuk Tea Tuscan Wood Fired Pizza
Whole Hog
You Crack Me Up
2017 Food Truck Tuesday Live Music Lineup (* are making their Larkin Square debut)
Russian Dmitry Ukrainskiy, 44, right, and Olga Komova, 25, from Uzbekistan, appear at the Tourist Police Division after they were charged with involvement in a transnational hacking gang. (Photo by Pornprom Satrabhaya)
A Russian man and an Uzbek woman were busted by tourist police for their alleged involvement in a transnational hacking scam in which more than 50 people in several countries lost a total of one billion baht, police said.
Surachet Hakphan, commander of the Tourist Police Division, said police arrested Dmitry Ukrainskiy, a 44-year-old Russian, and Olga Komova, a 25-year-old Uzbekistan national, both of whom were wanted by US authorities for hacking into a personal financial database.
More than 50 people from various countries, including the US, Australia, Japan and Britain, were swindled out of more than one billion baht by the two suspects, he added.
The police, however, declined to say where the suspects were arrested.
Pol Maj Gen Surachet said the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had sought assistance from Thai police to track the two suspects belonging to a computer hacking network as authorities believed Mr Ukrainskiy and Ms Komova were hiding out in Thailand.
Since 2014, US authorities found that financial transactions believed to be carried out by the hacking network were made from several countries to Thailand.
A police team was set up to search for the two suspects, Pol Maj Gen Surachet said.
Police found that Mr Ukrainskiy was running a yacht charter business in Pattaya and Ms Komova was working at a hotel in Koh Chang in Trat, he said.
Police said the suspects told investigators they used software that allowed them to gain access to a private computer system and stole the victims' financial information.
The Anti-Money Laundering Office had seized more than one billion baht and frozen more than 50 bank accounts from the network, Pol Maj Gen Surachet said.
Meanwhile, a 50-year-old Turkish national has been arrested for robbery, police said.
Abdullah Alp Kaya, who was wanted on an arrest warrant issued by the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court on Wednesday, was caught yesterday at a coffee shop in the Terminal 21 shopping mall on Sukhumvit Road, Lumpini police said.
Investigators said people lodged complaints with police that their notebook computers, tablets, and smartphones were stolen when they were spending time at coffee shops at department stores in Bangkok.
Police said Mr Kaya admitted to police that he had stolen notebook computers and other gadgets from unsuspecting customers.
NEWS
Sir Tom Stoppard grills Belarusian ambassador over the Lukashenko government's poor record on free speech
“Are we positive that was the ambassador?” asked an onlooker. Ambassador Dr Alyaksei Mazhukhou answered questions about the state of freedom of expression in “Europe's last dictatorship” in front of an eclectic gathering of journalists, artists and campaigners outside the London embassy on 1 July. The unusual sight of a senior diplomat actually engaging with protesters came as a big surprise to those gathered outside the embassy to highlight recent measures taken by the Belarusian regime to increase censorship.
President Aleksandr Lukashenko's government tightened its already strong grip on the country's internet traffic in a presidential decree that went into force on 1 July. The law allows the monitoring of all national internet usage and empowers the authorities to block websites that provide information from independent sources. The EU called the decree “a step in the wrong direction”.
Sir Tom Stoppard, the esteemed playwright and respected freedom of expression campaigner, led the interrogation by asking whether the ambassador fully appreciated the impact the government's actions have on everyday Belarusians and their ability to express themselves freely and to receive impartial information. The Observer's Henry Porter intervened to question Mazhukhou about his government's prosecution of individuals found guilty of making derogatory remarks about President Lukashenko. A number of journalists have been charged by the Belarusian state for slanderous comments in recent months.
In a fascinating turn, the ambassador spoke in Belarusian to his colleague to clarify Porter's question with regard to the definition of insult. One protester suggested afterwards that the cornered diplomat was using language as a shield despite his distinctly sophisticated grasp of the English language. The debate culminated in Porter requesting whether a team of journalists, artists, campaigners and interested parties could visit Belarus to prove how expression is censored by the government in Minsk. Mazhukhou ended the ad-hoc discussion by inviting all in attendance to visit Belarus to fully understand the complexities of the government's policies and how they relate to society.
The Belarusian national elections are due to be held in 2011, although rumours suggest that the date could be brought forward to September. Observers suggest that the elections will be overshadowed once again by President Lukashenko's protracted omnipotence in Belarus, where strategies reminiscient of Soviet Russia have been employed to ameliorate his decaying authority in Minsk. OSCE election observers declared the 2004 contest “un-free”. There have been no signs that the next election will be any more transparent or accountable.
The appearance of the ambassador defending the Belarusian government's integrity on the streets of London is clearly part of a deliberate strategy to engage with the international media, giving the impression of mutual co-operation. It's clear that the Belarusian establishment hope this will foment a more positive reaction to the upcoming election/re-election of Lukashenko. But the biggest charm offensive in Belarusian political history will be needed to disguise the corrupt reality of Lukashenko's regime.
Playwright and co-organiser of the protest, Alexandra Wood, read out a Charter 97 press release: “The internet is a vital tool in communication and should be available to all. Lukashenko's law imposing censorship on the internet particularly affects those in Belarus who oppose his regime, who want to offer the Belarusian people an alternative, which is of course, his intention.”
At the end of the demonstration, Sir Tom Stoppard handed the ambassador a letter signed by a number of distinguished artists including Alan Rickman, Mark Ravenhill, Caryl Churchill and Simon Stephens, calling for an end to the curtailment of freedom of expression in Belarus. Samuel West also performed a rousing extract from Generation Jeans, a play from the multi-award winning Belarus Free Theatre.
The letter read: “We urge you to allow the people of Belarus the right to express and share their opinions freely, whether this is on the internet or not. We urge you to use your powers to prevent any further repression of citizens who hold alternative, and oppositional, beliefs to you. We urge that the practice of physical abuse and intimidation against any citizen, including those who dare to hold alternative and oppositional points of view, be stopped. Finally, we urge you to protect the right to freedom of assembly in accordance with Article 21 of the International Covenant of Civil and Political Rights to which Belarus is a state party.”
The protest was in support of the Belarus Free Theatre and was organised in conjunction with the Global Artistic Campaign in Solidarity with Belarus, founded by playwright Sir Tom Stoppard.
Mad shit goes down, that much we're sure of! Big up to all the skaters involved, you're smashing it!
For this weeks Sunday service we thought we'd remind everyone of dog enthusiast; James ‘Foz' Foster‘s part form Leeds scene video ‘Dayzed and Confused'. Rory Mckenzie...
The footage from the Vans shop riot held last weekend at Warrington's ramp 1 skatepark has emerged and features shredding from a bulk of UK...
Check the info below regarding the summer deal the Works skatepark in Leeds is offering .
Josh Hallet has come through with a meaty edit of the Supra demo at hyde park skate park, which is a rad balance between the...
Jono Coote has filmed the latest RWTB audio visual skate injection and the box of are truly RWTB in this! Watch below to see Jono himself,...
Newsletter Terms & Conditions
Please enter your email so we can keep you updated with news, features and the latest offers. If you are not interested you can unsubscribe at any time. We will never sell your data and you'll only get messages from us and our partners whose products and services we think you'll enjoy.
Read our full Privacy Policy as well as Terms & Conditions.
I just found out–belatedly–that one of my childhood heroes, Jack Tatum, died of a heart attack a few days ago. When Tatum played for the Oakland Raiders in the 1970s, he was the most intimidating football player of his time–not in a hammed-up telegenic way, but in a disturbing way that made people, including fans of the sport, nervous. Tatum was serious about his violence, and sadistic, and gratuitous–but not a loudmouth. After knocking countless opponents unconscious year after year, Tatum put his most famous hit on wide receiver Darryl Stingley, snapping two of his neck vertebrae and nearly severing his spinal cord. The hit left Stingley paralyzed for life from the neck down, and sealed the NFL's squeamish loathing of Tatum and the old Oakland Raiders forever.
Tatum never apologized to Stingley for that hit–and why should he have? Instead, Tatum wrote just two years later, “My best hits always bordered on felonious assaults.” To this day, it's hard to find a video of the Stingley hit–even in the recent ESPN tribute to Tatum, naming him the #6 Most Fearsome NFL Hitter of All-Time, they're still too unnerved to even mention the notorious Stingley paralyzing:
A lot of Americans back then saw Tatum as a street gangster drafted into the Raiders as some kind of bloodthirsty mercenary, or a “criminal element” as one head coach at the time said of the Oakland Raiders.
He even looked ugly and mean, even by the ugly standards of the 1970's. He wasn't all that big, but he knew exactly how to hit and how to hurt. When I was a kid, I wanted to be Jack Tatum.
In his dry, understated autobiography on how he came to be such a fearsome hitter, They Call Me Assassin [my Bible back then], Tatum explained how he learned to hit. Note the lack of the sort of loud-mouthed histrionics we expect today; Tatum's voice is the voice of a professional hit-man:
[In high school] I learned that it hurt more to get hit than it did to actually do the hitting. That might sound strange, but let me explain. Most high school defensive players are passive. They sit back and wait for the opposition to come to them. This is bad, because a young player can get seriously hurt. Good defensive football amounts to mass times velocity. The faster I can move toward impact, and the more violently I can drive my body through a target, the more effective my hit will be. This way I'm doing the hitting and the offensive player is absorbing the punishment. […] My method is similar to a karate punch. I concentrate on a point one yard or so behind the man I'm going after, and on impact, I drive hard to that point.
And then a page later, that same understated menace, the kind you get from a military veteran who's seen and done some nasty things:
As a warrior I must discourage running backs and receivers whenever they attempt to gain yardage against the defense. It is a physical and violent job, and quite often the end results are knockouts or serious injuries to my opponent. But it is just part of a very risky business.
In high school, Tatum became notorious knocking kids out of games–at times, opponents couldn't even field quarterbacks, because Tatum had knocked them all unconscious. In college, at Ohio State, Tatum was such a fearsome hitter that head coach Woody Hayes–a psychopath of sorts himself–pulled Tatum from practice drills because he was laying out his own teammates. Tatum's college hits are still so legendary that to this day, Ohio State's team holds a controversial “Jack Tatum Hit Of The Week” contest.
Jack Tatum's account of the first NFL opponent he put a mark on is wonderful, and reminds me why I was so inspired by his book when I was still a skinny, pissed-off 13-year-old twerp. Tatum describes how, as a rookie safety, he barely managed to bring down the Colts tight end, John Mackey:
That first time, as I went after Mackey, someone had partially blocked me and I hadn't made good contact. Mackey got up, shrugged his shoulders, and walked back to the huddle laughing and hollering in my direction, “Hard-hitting rookie..what a joke!”
The next play, the quarterback once again threw the ball to Mackey, but the outcome was a little different:
I carefully avoided the blind side blocks and drew a bead on Mackey's rib cage. Morrall [the quarterback] hadn't thrown one of his better passes, and I could have easily intercepted, but I had other plans. I wondered if John Mackey would still think I was a joke after he was really hit. As Mackey reached back for the ball, I drove my helmet into his ribs and knocked him to the ground. It was a good hit. Mackey was on the ground flopping around like a wounded duck and gasping for air. Standing over him, I glared down and asked, “How funny was that joke?” Of course, I admit I cussed at him, too.
That's the part that other, decent Americans couldn't stomach: why wouldn't Tatum go for the glory of the interception when he had the chance? Why the private violence, the savage hit, instead–a hit that made him few fans and plenty of enemies?
What made the Raiders different back then was that they were more about creating a permanent impression than merely winning–and still, they usually won. Which was an affront to all decent Americans, who saw the Raiders as an extension of the lawlessness, decadence and racial unrest of that time. But for me, it was the opposite: the Raiders, and especially Tatum, were an antidote to that bad decade. They were the answer to American squeamishness and hippie bullshit and decline–they were mean and unashamed, and they won. And the whole world was against them.
Here's a great video tribute to Tatum and his partner-in-crime, the far meaner but far less talented strong safety George Atkinson:
What's heartening is that Jack Tatum's name still inspires raw middlebrow loathing today. A recent article in Time magazine on Jack Tatum blamed him for every crime and sin under the sun, and then pretends to redeem Tatum's legacy, as if this story is one of sin and redemption. The article is titled “Football's ‘Assassin': The Anti-Legacy of Jack Tatum,” and it begins by describing a vicious college football hit last year that resulted in a penalty flag, something that didn't use to happen:
The Coleman incident was an unfortunate reminder that each week during football season, Ohio State coaches give an award for the hardest hit — which is fine, except that they've named it after former Ohio State player Jack Tatum. Yes, that Jack Tatum, who as an NFL safety for the Oakland Raiders paralyzed New England Patriots receiver Darryl Stingley with a barbaric helmet-to-helmet hit in 1978. It was the worst of a gallery of similar blows Tatum dished out during his violent 10-year career, earning him the macho-moronic nickname “the Assassin.” In his 1980 book — which just two years after leaving Stingley a quadriplegic he was tasteless enough to title They Call Me Assassin — Tatum wrote that he liked to think his hits “border on felonious assault.”(See a video of what football can do to your brain.) Tatum died on Tuesday in Oakland, Calif., at the age of 61, an amputee after losing a leg to diabetes in his later years. True to form, he never apologized to Stingley, who died three years ago at age 55. But it's hard to blame Tatum for thinking his “felonious assaults” weren't just permissible but actually admirable. Until just recently, we as a nation of football fans, like drunk Romans braying in the Colosseum, had regularly celebrated hits like Tatum's as the apotheosis of the game. “All Jacked Up!” to quote the sophomoric ESPN mantra — football not as skilled autumn spectacle but as brute gangsta mayhem.
It's hard to know what's more annoying–the self-righteous Mrs. Crabtree tsk-tsking, the reveling in Tatum's gruesome death by diabetes, or the idiotic/delusional assertion that NFL football was always meant to be a graceful sport “like ballet” as those idiots like to say, rather than the brute gangsta mayhem that fans want and expect. And it's all Jack Tatum's fault, every poor football player who done got hurt playing the game. So you can see the Time correspondent cheering on Tatum's death as some sort of celestial justice, the victory of ballet-loving soccer fans over the brute forces of NFL fandom:
Fortunately, the NFL and the NCAA — facing mounting medical evidence that the helmet-to-helmet collisions promoted by football's jacked-up culture are leading to more and more serious concussions and their lifelong consequences — are beginning to crack down. So it's fitting that Tatum passed away on the eve of a new football season: as fans reflect on his controversial legacy, we've got to ponder our Neanderthal approach to this game and start booing its excesses more loudly.
I remember that exact same angry, moralizing, deluded tone that the Raiders faced when I was a little kid growing up in the 70s. And it was always part of what attracted me to the Raiders–their struggle. It was “The Raiders vs. The World”:
As Mao once said: “Battling with heaven is endless joy! Fighting with the earth is endless joy! And struggling with humanity is endless joy!”
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal, and the co-author of The eXile: Sex, Drugs and Libel in the New Russia (Grove).
Click the cover & buy the book!
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Alexander Litvinenko died in hospital in London in November 2006
The public hearings of the inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko are now drawing to a close after months of evidence.
It was the most dramatic of murders - what one lawyer called "an act of nuclear terrorism" on the streets of London - and the victim was a man who had once worked for the Russian security services but was later on the payroll of their British counterparts.
So what have we learned about the man, how he died and who was behind it?
Alexander Litvinenko
The inquiry has delved deep into Alexander Litvinenko's past and particularly his falling-out with his employers in the Russian security service in the late 1990s - then headed by Vladimir Putin.
We heard about his fleeing to London and then his subsequent vocal criticism of Mr Putin, which included accusing the Russian leader of being behind apartment bombings in Moscow.
Mr Litvinenko had a close relationship with exiled tycoon Boris Berezovsky and Chechen exiles in London, as he also worked on investigations into Russian businesses and individuals for private security firms.
Just before he died, Mr Litvinenko had been proud to have become a British citizen.
The inquiry also learned about his relationship with MI6, including the fact he received regular payments form the British secret service and had a handler codenamed Martin.
The death: Polonium
There has never been much doubt that Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned with radioactive polonium.
But we learned much more about how this was discovered, almost by chance, as he lay dying after weeks of tests and growing confusion about his illness.
Polonium was described as an "almost perfect murder weapon" - but once it had been discovered, a trail could be followed that extended across the capital and beyond.
Police said they would never know what long-term dangers exposure to it could mean for the public.
Some 97% of the world's polonium, the inquiry heard, came from Russia.
How it was done
The evidence pointed - as had always been suspected - to the poison being delivered in a cup of tea in the Pine Bar of the Millennium Hotel in Grosvenor Square, London.
Image copyright AP Image caption Andrei Lugovoi denies any involvement in the death of Mr Litvinenko
A teapot showed very high traces of radioactivity on the spout consistent with it having been used to pour the polonium out.
At the bar, Alexander Litvinenko met the two alleged killers, Dmitry Kovtun and Andrei Lugovoi.
Both men deny they were involved in murder.
The police suggested, though, that while the alleged killers knew they were carrying a poison, they did not know it was radioactive.
That, police said, explained why Mr Lugovoi was willing to have his family in close proximity and even shake Mr Litvinenko's hand after the poisoning.
The inquiry also heard testimony from unnamed individuals who suggested that in Germany, Dmitry Kovtun had also asked a friend to find a cook who could administer what was called a "very expensive poison" in London.
The alleged killers
The evidence linking the two alleged killers - Dmitry Kovtun and Andrei Lugovoi - was primarily forensic.
Police were able to correlate their movements with the trail of polonium, not just in London but further afield.
Image copyright AP Image caption Dmitry Kovtun had been expected to appear by video link from Moscow
This related to flights they took, bars they visited, the Emirates football stadium where they saw a game, Mr Kovtun's movements in Germany and even a visit by them to the British Embassy in Moscow after the murder.
Dmitry Kovtun had been due to give evidence in the final days of the inquiry but raised last-minute concerns that doing so would breach confidentiality agreements with Russian investigators.
This meant neither of the men was able to answer or challenge the evidence against them directly.
Other theories received limited attention in the inquiry.
The police dismissed the claim that Litvinenko himself had somehow been involved in smuggling polonium or that MI6 framed Lugovoi and Kovtun.
Suicide was also ruled out and while there was some evidence that Litvinenko's relationship with Boris Berezovsky had cooled, there was nothing to suggest that this could have led to his death.
The role of Russia
Neither Lugovoi nor Kovtun were said to have had a personal motive for murdering Litvinenko and so the belief was that they must have been acting on behalf of someone else.
The use of hard-to-find polonium was another factor.
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Litvinenko criticised his former employer in a book published in 2002
"The evidence suggests that the only credible explanation is that in one way or another the Russian state was involved in Litvinenko's murder," the lawyer for the police, Richard Horwell QC, said in his closing statement.
He was careful, though, not to say that this had to mean that Vladimir Putin gave the order.
Ben Emmerson QC, lawyer for Litvinenko's widow Marina, however, said in his closing statement that the evidence pointed to Mr Putin.
"When the evidence is viewed in the round, as it must be, it establishes Russian state responsibility for Alexander Litvinenko's murder beyond reasonable doubt. And if the Russian state is responsible, Vladimir Putin is responsible."
Alexander Litvinenko's problems with Russia's leader began when he was an FSB officer in the late 1990s and complained to Mr Putin, then the director of the security service.
His fierce criticism of Mr Putin continued after he fled to London, when he was seen by some in Russia as a traitor.
He was also investigating corruption among senior individuals and links to the mafia.
In the summer of 2006, changes to a law permitting the elimination of "extremists" gave it a wide definition that the police said could have included Litvinenko.
No conclusive evidence was heard in the inquiry as to who might have given the order although various theories were raised.
Secret evidence heard by the chairman of the inquiry, Sir Robert Owen, may include further intelligence on this specific issue, which is why his willingness to point the finger will be so closely watched and may determine how much diplomatic fallout there is from the inquiry.
He is due to deliver his report to the home secretary by the end of the year.
SALT LAKE CITY — Maybe now, reporters, bloggers, outsiders and even many Mormons will accept that the Utah-based Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints does not forbid drinking cola.
On Wednesday (Aug. 29), the LDS church posted a statement on its website saying that “the church does not prohibit the use of caffeine” and that the faith's health-code reference to “hot drinks” ‘'does not go beyond (tea and coffee).”
A day later, the website wording was slightly softened, saying only that “the church revelation spelling out health practices ... does not mention the use of caffeine.”
The same goes for the church's two-volume handbook, which LDS leaders use to guide their congregations. It says plainly that “the only official interpretation of'hot drinks' ... in the Word of Wisdom is the statement made by early church leaders that the term'hot drinks' means tea and coffee.”
That doesn't mean church leaders view caffeinated drinks as healthy. They just don't bar members from, say, pounding a Pepsi, downing a Mountain Dew or sipping a hot chocolate. Even GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney has been seen drinking an occasional Diet Coke.
This week's clarification on caffeine “is long overdue,” said Matthew Jorgensen, a Mormon and longtime Mountain Dew drinker.
Jorgensen, who is doing a two-year research fellowship in Germany, grew up “in a devout Mormon household, in a small, devout Mormon town,” where his neighbors and church leaders viewed “drinking a Coca-Cola as so close to drinking coffee that it made your worthiness ... questionable.”
That view was magnified when the late LDS church President Gordon B. Hinckley offhandedly told “60 Minutes” that Mormons avoids caffeine. Several earlier LDS leaders, including apostle Bruce R. McConkie, considered imbibing Coke as a violation of the “spirit” of the Word of Wisdom.
It was dictated in 1833 by Mormon founder Joseph Smith and bars consumption of wine, strong drinks (alcohol), tobacco and “hot drinks,” which have been defined by church authorities as tea and coffee.
Even so, many outsiders and plenty of insiders get that wrong.
Journalists — from The New York Times' columnist Maureen Dowd to The Associated Press — have often stated that Mormons don't drink caffeine. Last week, NBC News' hourlong feature on Mormonism made the same mistake, prompting the church's initial statement on its website.
That blog post was later tweaked, according to church spokesman Scott Trotter, “to clarify its intent, which was to provide context to the NBC piece.”
Part of the confusion stems from LDS church-owned Brigham Young University, which neither sells nor serves caffeinated drinks. But BYU spokeswoman Carri Jenkins explains that is “not a university or church decision, but made by dining services, based on what our customers want.”
There has not “been a demand for it,” Jenkins said Thursday. “We are constantly evaluating what those needs and desires are.”
Indeed, fully caffeinated colas are available in the church's Joseph Smith Memorial Building, and in the Lion House Pantry, next to the faith's headquarters in downtown Salt Lake City.
In the end, it's up to individual Latter-day Saints to decide what to drink.
“I can understand why the church is cautious,” Jorgensen wrote in an email. “Saying that caffeine is OK might sound like saying that caffeine is healthy, maybe even an endorsement of caffeine. Plus, I think members need opportunities to work through questions of right and wrong for themselves.”
Caffeine, he said, “is the perfect, low-risk testing ground for members to make decisions for themselves.”
(Peggy Fletcher Stack writes for The Salt Lake Tribune.)
Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Religion News Service LLC.
Media buying agencies believe that the Sun on Sunday is set to launch "within weeks", but warn of a vicious price and marketing war from rival publishers, and a luke-warm response from cash-strapped advertisers.
Rupert Murdoch told News International staff on Friday that the replacement for News of the World would be coming "very soon", with recent industry speculation pointing to a date of 29 April.
However, one media buying source with knowledge of News International's plans said they understood that Murdoch is now seeking to accelerate the launch timeline to potentially within weeks, with plans for a "roadshow" to advertising agencies being put in place next week.
The insider added that News International is said to be particularly keen to rapidly launch an assault on the Sunday Mirror – one of the biggest beneficiaries of the News of the World's closure – on the basis that the longer it is out of the Sunday market, the more difficult it will be to break readers' loyalty to other titles.
Media buyers have been expecting News International to return to the Sunday redtop market – News of the World shut on 10 July 2011, and a replacement was initially mooted for 7 August to try and capitalise on the start of the Premier League season.
But buyers have been split on the best timing to enter from an advertising point of view.
Opinion has ranged from a swift launch ahead of Easter (April 8), to build up momentum before the April bank holiday, which could disrupt buyer loyalty and dilute the effectiveness of marketing spend supporting the title. Another option is to wait until just after Easter, or even dove-tailing a launch with the start of the Euro 2012 football tournament in early June.
"We always expected it, it is just a matter of timing because as soon as a date emerges, rivals will show no mercy in attempting to shut Murdoch out of the market," said the source. "My understanding is that Rupert has decided to accelerate things and launch it in a matter of weeks."
One newspaper industry executive said one plan mooted last summer – which may easily have been dropped – was for News International to re-enter the Sunday market with a temporary cut price of 50p, and with a base target sale of 1.5m copies.
News of the World, which made annually about £100m in circulation revenue and about £37m in ad revenue, sold 2.66m copies a week before it was closed.
The Sunday national newspaper ad market is struggling, down 17.3% year-on-year in the 12 months to the end of January, some £56m, and if the News of the World is removed the decline in advertiser spend due purely to market conditions is about 11% or £31m.
"So much money has disappeared out of the ad market, and retailers – who have propped up the market – do not really advertise on Sundays so it will be tough," said one media buying agency insider. "There will be a degree of support, advertisers are not adverse to the return of a News International title per se, but the market is stressed."
Enders Analysis estimate that the Sun on Sunday is likely to be able to make between £50m and £100m revenue, which is between about a half and two-thirds of what the News of the World was making.
When NoW closed, rivals cut prices by up to 50%, launched massive promotional campaigns, doubled print runs, and Northern & Shell even launched a new Sunday magazine. News International can expect more of the same when the Sun on Sunday hits the market.
Associated Newspapers, owner of the Mail on Sunday, got as far as printing dummies for a new Sunday tabloid in July last year, although one source believes that it will not revive the project to head off the Sun on Sunday.
Murdoch is likely to receive plenty of support from Sir Martin Sorrell, head of marketing giant WPP, who said in September that he would support the return of a title to the Sunday market.
Sorrell's media buying agencies control 35% of the UK press advertising market – and his media and creative agencies handle all of News International's accounts – which would be a massive boost to Murdoch's plans.
"No Sunday paper has managed to hold on to those big initial reader gains as seen over subsequent ABC periods," said Liam Mullins, head of trading at media agency the7stars. "I don't feel any other title offers the quality celeb gossip or salacious firsts that the Screws did.
"As long as we have seen the end of some of the controversial practices that closed the Screws in the first place, the audience will certainly embrace a Sunday Sun. Advertisers need to be where the readers are and therefore will be supportive of the launch – as it has the potential to do massive numbers."
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000. If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook.
Previous government estimates put the Fukushima clean-up disaster cost at around $188 billion or more. But an independent think-tank says that it might actually be a lot more than that.
According to the Japan Center for Economic Research, they estimate that the clean-up cost might be something much closer to $626 billion. By their estimates, the cost of trying to address the problem is about 3x more than the government's estimate.
It has been 5+ years since the disaster occurred and they still aren't anywhere close to having the situation contained.
TEPCO recently had another failure with trying to use a robot to get to the damaged reactor. And after years of failure they finally reached out to the international community for help and they've asked for innovative solutions in trying to address the issue.
The government is still looking for a way to treat the radioactive soil and other waste; perhaps it wouldn't hurt them to consider industrial hemp as a possible solution.
The cost of this mess places quite a burden on the public and the government has already allegedly increased electricity rates in order to acquire more funds; claimed to be for the purpose of compensating evacuees from the disaster area.
A number of individuals involved with the incident have been fired and even had lawsuits brought against them.
Just recently, the Japanese government was finally held liable and found guilty of negligence in the matter. Hundreds of thousands of dollars is being awarded to victims who were forced to evacuate from their homes.
There are multiple lawsuits which have been launched over the incident.
The reactor decommissioning business is clearly getting a very lucrative opportunity for expansion over the incident. Yet, despite the available technologies and expertise they still seem to be struggling to sort out the issue.
A number of markets have been concerned about radioactive Fukushima food hitting the shelves: the UK, Canada, the US, and others.
Just this month, South Korea went ahead and expanded their current ban on Japanese fish products over lingering concerns for Fukushima contamination.
It has been admitted by the Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) that at present there is still about 300 tons of contaminated groundwater flowing into the Pacific Ocean every day. This has been happening for the past several years.
Seaborne radiation from Japan's nuclear disaster is reported to have been detected on the shores of Oregon and possibly other places as well. Seawater samples are said to have shown an indication of radiation but researchers say that there isn't any cause to worry.
According to a study published in the National Academy of Sciences last year, it was determined that most of the seafood off the cost of Japan was safe to eat. The results insisted that the overall contamination risk was very low. That study was conducted by several researchers who were from various Japanese universities.
banner by @son-of-satire
Pics:
AP
Kyodo/Reuters
Reuters/Lee Jae-Won / Reuters
Source:
https://steemit.com/news/@doitvoluntarily/japanese-government-finally-held-liable-over-fukushima#@steemnews.online/re-doitvoluntarily-japanese-government-finally-held-liable-over-fukushima-20170331t181346381z
https://steemit.com/cannabis/@doitvoluntarily/using-hemp-for-radiation-cleanup
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/fukushima-disaster-anniversary-photos_us_56df07ace4b0000de40624e4
https://steemit.com/science/@doitvoluntarily/fukushima-cleanup-efforts-still-failing
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2017/04/01/national/real-cost-fukushima-disaster-will-reach-%C2%A570-trillion-triple-governments-estimate-think-tank/#.WOP0R3RMSpo
http://www.irishtimes.com/news/top-nuclear-regulators-fired-over-fukushima-political-fallout-1.589742
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2014/03/08/business/cash-cow-born-in-no-1-cleanup/#.WOP46nRMSpo
https://www.rt.com/uk/249501-radioactive-fukushima-food-uk/
https://nsnbc.me/2017/03/18/south-korea-expanded-japanese-fish-ban-over-fukushima-contamination/
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/seafood-fukushima-radiation_us_56d4f6e6e4b0871f60ec971f
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-12-10/officials-admit-radioactive-fish-us-west-coast-have-disturbing-fingerprint-fukushima
Baseball fans probably hope they can escape presidential politics during this year's World Series, which starts Tuesday night between the Chicago Cubs and the Cleveland Indians. It just so happens that the Cubs, however, are owned by one of the country's most politically active families—with millions in donations to both sides of the aisle.
The Ricketts family purchased a 95% stake in the Cubs in 2009, when the Tribune Co. decided to sell the team. Joe Ricketts, 75, is the founder of the online brokerage now known as TD Ameritrade (AMTD), which just announced plans to purchase rival Scottrade, for $4 billion. Ricketts, a self-made billionaire, isn't involved in running the Cubs, but his money largely financed the purchase of the team.
Ricketts is a long-time megadonor who has given at least $32 million to Republican candidates and causes since 2010, according to a Yahoo Finance analysis of federal data. But a dismal winning percentage of late has kept him out of post-season play. Ricketts and his wife Marlene initially supported Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in the current presidential race, donating $5 million to his super PAC last year. (They got most of that back after Walker dropped out in September of 2015.) While supporting Walker, the couple also spread their bets around, making smaller, five-figure donations to super PACs supporting Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Lindsey Graham.
As their preferred candidates fell to Donald Trump in the primary elections, Joe and Marlene Ricketts became the biggest donors to an anti-Trump super PAC called Our Principles, which tried to stop Trump while Cruz and John Kasich were still in the race. Once that effort failed and Trump became the nominee, pressure mounted on the Rickettses to get behind the Republican candidate. In September, they finally agreed to contribute $1 million to a group supporting Trump.
While Joe Ricketts isn't directly involved with the Cubs, his four children—Tom, Pete, Todd and Laura—are all board members, with Tom being the club's chairman and day-to-day chief. Tom is the least politically active member of the clan, with less than $100,000 in political donations since 2010. The biggest recipient has been Major League Baseball's political-action committee, which donates to both Republican and Democratic politicians who favor its interests. Tom Ricketts' wife, Cecilia, donates occasionally as well, with her biggest contribution, $7,800, going to a group called Winning Women that supports pro-choice candidates of both parties.
Laura Ricketts, the third of the four Ricketts kids, is the political opposite of her father. She's a Hillary Clinton fundraiser who has given more than $2.2 million to Democratic and liberal causes since 2010. Her biggest gifts have gone to L Pac, which donates to candidates supporting gay rights. She's also given $200,000 this year to the Hillary Victory Fund, a pro-Clinton super PAC.
Pete Ricketts, the oldest of the four kids, is the governor of Nebraska, where Joe and Marlene raised their family. That makes him the only Ricketts kid not living in Illinois. He's a reliable donor who has given $434,200 to dozens of GOP candidates since 2010. (His wife, Susanne Shore, has given $6,700 to Hillary Clinton, according to federal records.) Todd Ricketts, the youngest child, is a bike-shop owner and CEO of a political group called Ending Spending, which was founded by his father and mostly supports Republican candidates seeking to rein in the federal budget.
The owners of the Cleveland Indians, the Dolan family, play small ball compared with the free-swinging Ricketts. Larry Dolan, an 85-year-old retired attorney, bought the Indians in 1999, and his son Paul is now CEO. The Dolans and their spouses have donated only about $160,000, combined, to political candidates and causes since 2010. Nearly half of that money went to the MLB PAC. Other modest Dolan donations have gone to Ohio politicians including Gov. John Kasich and Sen. Rob Portman, both Republicans, and Sen. Sherrod Brown, a Democrat. As people in any sport know, there's more than one way to win.
Rick Newman is the author of four books, including Rebounders: How Winners Pivot from Setback to Success. Follow him on Twitter: @rickjnewman.
Creating a Prosperous Society Where People Love Their Work
Are you most productive doing what you love, or doing something you are indifferent to or hate? If you could try your hand at doing anything, would you be doing what you're doing? Are you on track to eventually spend your life in the work of your dreams, or is it clear that will likely never happen?
There will always be lousy but necessary jobs that few people want to do. The garbage must be picked up, the toilets must be cleaned and the bed pans must be emptied. But a society is a better society when more people are doing what they love, or at least working for themselves, out from under close supervision. Almost no one likes being micromanaged, and normal jobs are called wage slavery for a reason.
We want people to stretch themselves, we want them to reach for their dreams, we want them to get up each morning looking forward to the day's work. We want that for the cold hard calculated reason that such people are more productive, and we want it for the warm soft calculated reason that we'd rather live in a society with as many such people as possible because they're a lot more enjoyable to spend time around than people who hate their jobs.
It's not hard to create a society which makes it more likely that people can do what they want. It's not hard to create an economy which encourages people to start new businesses or to launch new careers. But such a society cannot exist if we prefer to be mean, if we want to punish people for failure. It cannot exist if we see someone else's success as our failure or if we allow envy to infect our public policy.
People fail to pursue their dreams because they fear failure or because the opportunities aren't available. Fear of failure is rational: pour everything into a new business which fails, and many businesses fail, and you can be left with no money, no source of income, and lose everything. In a country without universal health care, you could even lose your life if you lose your insurance and become ill or have an accident.
So the first thing a society needs to do is have in place a basic social net: a basic income below which people cannot drop, so they will not become homeless if they fail. Universal health care so they can pursue their dreams without being chained to a health insurance premium. Bankruptcy laws which allow most debts to be wiped away in the event of failure, not just so that people don't lose everything, but so they can try again. Many entrepreneurs fail more than once before they create a business which works, and we want that, we want bankruptcy. We also want bankruptcy because it is important that lenders do their due diligence and accept the real risk of lending, rather than insisting that the government act as their bill collector. It is not in the government's interest for people to become impoverished, as impoverished people cannot contribute to society nearly as well.
Credit and calculable law are needed for entrepreneurship. People must be secure in the title to their property so they can borrow against it. They must know that contracts are generally upheld and that basic physical safety is taken care of. Taxation must be calculable, though it doesn't have to be low. Eras with top marginal income tax rates in from 80% to over 90% have had far more growth than our own low tax periods, and much higher corporate tax rates do not correlate with low economic growth either. After all, first you have to make a profit, or make so much money you're in the top bracket. As the saying runs, it's a good problem to have.
Credit in in the modern era is ultimately a product of government. Banks create money when they lend, they do not lend money they have on deposit, though the amount of money they can lend may be some multiple of what they have on deposit. Since the ability to create money is a government grant, and since a government grant is a grant from the people of a nation, the government has the right to influence or even set interest rates. This ability is already used, with central banks setting overnight rates, treasuries influencing bond rates at different durations, and so on. Mortgages in many countries will simply not be issued if they do not meet requirements set down by governments, and so on.
If we want people to do things, we have to make sure the money is available for them to do it. This can mean credit, or it can simply mean the government paying for or subsidizing what is needed. In many countries health care is provided out of taxes. At one time, post-secondary education was virtually free for those who qualified, because governments understood that educated people make more money, create more jobs and contribute more in general. With progressive taxation a government can easily provide free or very cheap education knowing that it will take a portion of every extra dollar earned as a result of that education. Rationing education is short-sighted and foolish, even on a pure cold-cash calculation.
A basic income is another thing governments do and can offer. In the modern day this is generally done through a complicated hodge-podge of systems, from welfare to unemployment insurance to student loans and tax breaks. This is vastly inefficient, and should be simplified. If we aren't willing to let anyone go without basic lodging and food we should simply guarantee the necessary level of income to anyone over the age of 18 or whatever age children usually leave home. It is simple enough to do it in a way so that everyone is still better off working, it is vastly cheaper than paying an army of social workers to determine who is worthy, and it assumes the most basic tenet of liberty: that adults have the ability to know what they want to do. Nothing is more counter-productive than policies which, say, restrict welfare recipients from going to university, so they can't improve themselves and have a better chance to contribute to society.
Knowing that they will always have enough to keep a roof over their head and food in their belly people are far more likely to pursue their dreams, to do the work they really want to and to start new businesses. It is true that some people will take advantage of such a system, it is also true that such a system will have much lower administrative costs than current systems. And since the basic income will not be a great income, but only basic, it will not be attractive to many.
It will also put pressure on businesses to treat their employees better. If a business cannot make a job more attractive than living at barely above subsistence then perhaps that job shouldn't exist. Do all the fast food jobs really make our societies richer? If a job really needs to be done, like janitorial work or garbage collection or cleaning the bums of our parents and grandparents, then does it not deserve to be compensated well? If your CEO doesn't show up for work, or if the janitor who cleans the toilets doesn't show up, who do you miss most? And do you really want the person looking after your parents in an old-folks home or hospital to hate their job?
Most money from a basic income, assuming high progressive rates on the rich and the same corporate tax rates as were the norm in the 50s and 60s, will wind up back in the government coffers in any case, after it goes through multiple hands and supports many jobs.
These are the first two things required to increase the number of people who do work they want to do, or at least don't hate—freedom from fear of devastating loss and the availability of opportunities to gain the necessary skills, education and credit.
The third thing is to reform laws so people can do what they love.
Consider Silicon Valley in California, one of the greatest entrepreneurial hotspots in the world. New tech business after new tech business has been started there, from Hewlett Packard to Apple. Millions of jobs have spun out from Silicon Valley to the rest of the world. What made Silicon Valley possible? Well the first thing is government money, both to buy products like early computers and to support Stanford University, which histories of the Valley put at the heart of its culture. But another reason Silicon Valley happened in California and not in Massachussets, say, around MIT (though there is a tech corridor around MIT) is this: California law makes non-compete agreements illegal.
A non-compete agreement is a legal contract which states that someone can't work in a business which competes with their current employer, generally for a few years. So if you have a great idea for a new product in the same line of business you can't quit and go set up a new company.
Silicon Valley's history is of startup after startup directly competing with the company the founders left. There would be no Silicon Valley as we know it if California allowed non-competes.
This is a general principle. If law does not allow people to do what they want, well then, they can't do it. Barriers to entry, barriers to the creation of new businesses are too much to deal with in this article, but just note that what is good for a specific business is rarely good for business as a whole. If I own a business I don't want my employees to leave and compete against me. That's bad for me. But it's good for whatever business I'm in for their to be more competitors and new products and it's good for society as well.
Likewise laws on protected works and intellectual monopolies in terms of copyrights and patent law can stifle the creation of new businesses. If a person or company is forbidden from creating a product or must pay overly high licensing fees, the business will not happen. There is a balance here, some protection for actual inventors and creators is needed, but in our current society we are very far from the correct balance, and much law that seems to protect creators in fact only creates intellectual rents, stifles the economy and inhibits competition. To cover intellectual properties properly would take another huge article, so I won't go into it futther here. The basic principle is simple: if it's illegal to start a business or engage in a career, or it costs too much to be worth it, people won't. Every time we pass a law which protects incumbents from competition or which protects the work of the past, we ossify our economy and make it harder for people to do the work they want to do, sticking more and more of them in jobs they hate.
The more people who are both free and able to work in jobs they enjoy; who are able to start new businesses; who are able to pursue professions they prefer, the better off everyone will be. This is true both in pure economic terms and in softer terms: happy people are healthier and they are far more fun to be around than unhappy people.
In economies which are running cold, people turn mean. Seeing scarcity all around, they feel that they are in competition for scarce good jobs, scarce good education and scarce happiness. They start blocking other people and insisting that everyone pay upfront intead of behind. Bosses, knowing that there aren't enough jobs, become mean as well, treating employees badly, knowing they have nowhere to go and confident that if they lose one, or a hundred, or a thousand employees to mistreatment, more will be ready to work, impelled by fear of hunger and poverty.
We can't all be rich, but we can all be prosperous, and we become prosperous as a group, as a society, not blocking each other, but by opening up opportunity for all, treating everyone as adults, and understanding that other people's success is our success in the broadest sense. It is certainly true that in a competitive market environment there will be losers and if your closest competitors win, you can lose as a result, but for everyone else in society, the success is beneficial so long as those who succeed to not shut the avenues to success behind them. And if failure does not mean disaster, if there are second and third and fourth acts in life and those who try are allowed to try again, then the fear that both stops people from trying and makes those who are successful try and stop those behind them is greatly reduced.
Societies are prosperous together. Individuals are rich separately. Let us remember this, and remember that fundamental economic success for societies requires generosity and kindness, not parsimony and cruelty.
If you enjoyed this article, and want me to write more, please DONATE or SUBSCRIBE.
FAQ
Can other users see my health data?
No. Your health history can only be seen by you. The only way another Flaredown user even knows you exist is if you choose to post in the chat section.
How does Flaredown use the data?
Flaredown's dataset can help us find out what triggers chronic illness and how to better target treatments. We anonymize the data and share it with data scientists and researchers. You can see the exact dataset they get access to right here.
How does Flaredown make money?
We don't! Initially, Flaredown was funded by a crowdfunding campaign. It's now supported by creator Logan Merriam.
Does Flaredown support my conditions?
Yes! Flaredown supports all conditions, here's a small selection of the thousands that our users are tracking:
Photos: Advertising and showcasing Washington in another era
Color postcard with a map of the state of Washington highlights several scenes and vistas particular to the state, circa 1940. The postcard was published by EC Kropp. Color postcard with a map of the state of Washington highlights several scenes and vistas particular to the state, circa 1940. The postcard was published by EC Kropp. Photo: Transcendental Graphics/Getty Images Photo: Transcendental Graphics/Getty Images Image 1 of / 33 Caption Close Photos: Advertising and showcasing Washington in another era 1 / 33 Back to Gallery
From selling apples to offering food to sharing roadside attractions in hopes of drawing tourists, advertisers have taken all the routes.
In today's world, they sometimes seem a little less direct and a lot more obscure.
But when you look back at how people used to hawk their goods, the picture is sometimes confusing, funny or just plain blank.
A number of these pictures from the 1920s and 1930s are included in some new archival collections from Getty Images.
Apple companies in Washington tried them all, certainly. Some used Native Americans chomping big red apples, as if to say, 'If the natives like them, so shall you.'
Another pictured a girl throwing a snowball. It's not clear what that's supposed to say about the apples.
Postcards showed roadside motels along a state Route 99 that isn't recognizable to the highway we know today.
And then there are the ads for the region as a whole.
One is an obscure watercolor painting of a dirt road near golfers on a course, near a beach and backgrounded by mountains. They may have exaggerated just a bit there.
Click through the images above to see them all.
UPDATE (January 22, 2018):
This course is out of date. I just released a free Bootstrap 4 in 2018 course that covers the first full release of Bootstrap 4.
In this free Bootstrap 4 course, learn how to harness the power of the world's most popular CSS framework!
Many courses feature hours upon hours of content, but in this to-the-point course, you're going to learn only what you need to know. This will give you the confidence going forward to achieve whatever it is you wish in your future Bootstrap 4-based layouts.
I personally love learning by example, and that's how this course is structured. You're going to build a single, beautiful layout. While doing so, you're going to learn the core fundamentals of Bootstrap 4.
You will learn:
How to Install Bootstrap 4
Setting up a Modern Development Environment with Gulp
Customizing Bootstrap 4 with Sass
Navigation
Flex Grid
Forms
...and much more.
If you're ready to learn, let's get started!
The official pollster of Fox News, Frank Luntz, is the man who renamed the estate tax the "death tax" and told Republicans to lie and call healthcare reform a "government takeover" of the medical system. It turns out he's also the guy who tested anti-Obama films, including one that features photoshopped "nude" photos of President Obama's mother and depicts her as possibly a prostitute, for a shadowy GOP donor. Now DVDs of the scurrilous film, "Dreams from My Real Father," are finding their way into mailboxes in swing states.
(Update: Somehow I missed that he had been hired by CBS News in September to do election analysis.)
Advertisement:
Luntz won't say who commissioned his anti-Obama focus group, and he reportedly counseled his client to go with a milder anti-Obama film by conservative Stephen K. Bannon. That's showing up on cable television stations in swing states soon. Another film screened was Dinesh D'Souza's fantasy "Obama: 2016," which Luntz said didn't test well with voters.
But the lurid anti-Obama film is showing up mailboxes in Ohio and Florida. It purports that Obama's real father is the leftist Frank Marshall Davis, and it claims to have found photos of Ann Dunham in bondage magazines. It's the creation of Joel Gilbert, reports Jeremy Peters in the New York Times, a conservative who has claimed he found Elvis Presley alive in a witness protection program and that Paul McCartney is actually dead. Gilbert wouldn't disclose the donors behind his film and its distribution though he claimed he was sending out four million copies. He taunted Peters for being part of a mainstream media that hasn't adequately vetted Obama, saying “I hope you're not angry or jealous that I beat you to it and might win the Pulitzer Prize.”
Luntz claimed his client had doubts about the political wisdom of backing the Gilbert film, and that their approach to Luntz's work was “I want to know if it's as bad as I think it is." Still, the idea that the Fox News consultant is part of testing the most lurid anti-Obama messages in a season full of them is kind of appalling. But it shouldn't be surprising.
Luntz used to be a more mainstream figure, even polling for MSNBC in 2003 and 2004. But the network dropped him because of complaints about his partisanship. Although he claimed not to be working for Republican politicians, Josh Marshall and Media Matters reported that he still had GOP clients. This great Salon profile revealed that he was reprimanded by the American Association for Public Opinion Research for his work with the House GOP on its "Contract with America." Luntz repeatedly told reporters that all planks in the contract had at least 60 percent support with the American people. When a member of AAPOR asked to see Luntz's research, he declined, citing his clients' right to confidentiality. He was formally reprimanded by the organization for his lack of transparency. More recently, he represented banks and mortgage companies trying to defeat new federal regulation and the Dodd-Frank bill.
That Luntz would take money to test such garbage shows the depths to which mainstream Republicans are going in their effort to defeat Obama.
THE outline of a medieval church has been revealed on the site of a new home for the elderly.
The foundations were discovered by workmen building an extra care scheme in Leyburn, North Yorkshire.
Archaeologists were brought in and their work has led to the clear outline of a Christian church dating back to before the Norman Conquest in 1066 being revealed.
Two bodies were also found at the site. It is thought the remains were of a young man and an older woman who were both found in a crouching position.
It is believed there were early Christian burials due to the east west alignment of the bodies.
Further work using the latest carbon dating techniques is taking place to more accurately establish how long ago the burials took place.
Experts from York-based On-Site Archaeology have worked alongside the builders carefully cataloguing the discoveries.
The extra care scheme is being built by Broadacres Housing Association.
Projects officer Graham Bruce said: "The site is probably a family chapel possibly dating back to Saxon or early Norman times, as it is a clean area with relatively little waste. There is probably a rubbish dump nearby.
“Interestingly, the Doomsday Book mentions two manors in Leyburn and this may relate to the abandoned settlement.”
The scientists' work also unearthed two other small structures which pre-date the church.
It is possible they are bronze age and iron age dwellings.
Finds relating to these periods include animal bones, flint tools, and pottery shards.
Evidence of medieval farming was also discovered above the church foundations.
Archaeological work has now finished on the site, although the team are still examining the finds.
Mr Bruce added: "All the items we have gathered will be offered to Broadacres, the site's owners.
“The two bodies may be reburied somewhere on the site, as that it where they were buried originally.
“At some stage we will produce a report on the dig and our later work which will be available to the public.”
Local primary school children have been given a VIP tour of the archaeological dig.
The United States government has apparently changed its tune toward Dennis Rodman.
Rodman, who visited North Korea and leader Kim Jong-un in February, says he subsequently met with the FBI and was asked to help the agency with information amid rising international tensions surrounding the communist nation's nuclear intentions.
"They wanted to know what went on and who's really in charge in North Korea," Rodman told the Miami Herald during a recent charity event. "I have been invited back to North Korea in August, and I want to go."
The White House initially reacted to Rodman's trip with skepticism, saying the North Korean government should be focused on the well-being of its citizens and not "celebrity sporting events" to entertain the country's elite.
But although official Rodman diplomacy isn't imminent, the FBI appears to now consider the Hall of Famer an American asset.
"I know what Kim Jong-un is threatening to do regarding his military muscle," Rodman told the Miami newspaper. "I hope it doesn't happen because America will take whatever actions to protect America and our allies. I do think that we have to talk to people who want to cause us harm, so hopefully they won't."
Rodman has said he is also aware of North Korea's human rights record, which the State Department has characterized as one of the worst in the world. But he's apologizing for Kim.
"He's a good guy to me," Rodman said after the trip. "As a person to person, he's my friend. I don't condone what he does."
Rodman has been the highest-profile American to meet Kim since he inherited power from father Kim Jong Il in 2011. Rodman traveled to North Korea with the Harlem Globetrotters for a new HBO series produced by New York-based Vice television.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
The arsenal found with the surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect upon his arrest Friday included at least four firearms, one of which was an M-4 carbine rifle, a weapon similar to ones used by American forces in Afghanistan, the Times reported Sunday. Together, the Tsarnaev brothers fired about 80 rounds in a shootout with police officers, yet it appears neither brother was licensed to carry firearms.
“The younger brother could not have applied as he is not 21 years of age, and the older brother did not have a license to carry and we have no record of him ever applying,” said a Cambridge Police Department spokesperson.
Perhaps they got their guns on Armslist. Here is today's report.
—Jennifer Mascia
Two women and three toddlers were injured by semiautomatic gunfire in a targeted shooting Monday morning. Four men loosed a barrage of bullets through the door of a Harvey, La., apartment on Monday morning, hitting two women, ages 63 and 67, and three children, the oldest of whom was three. All are expected to survive, and the suspects were arrested.
—The Times-Picayune
A triple shooting killed one man and sent two others to the hospital in the Lower 9th Ward of New Orleans. A 28-year-old man died in the hospital, while a 52-year-old man was shot in the leg and a 20-year-old man was hit in the hand. Both were last listed in stable condition. No word from police on a possible suspect or motive.
—WWLTV
A 7-year-old boy was injured Monday night in a shooting in Wilmington, Del. The boy was shot in the hand inside a home at around 10 p.m. Police are still piecing together what happened.
—Delaware Online
A woman was shot and killed, possibly by her husband, in a Nashville, Tenn., suburb Sunday night. Randolph C. Maidens, 42, was arrested for murder after Rachael Maidens was found dead in the couple's home inside the gated Governors Club golf community. The couple's 2-year-old daughter was also found inside the house but was unharmed. Maidens was arrested after an overnight manhunt.
—ABC News
One person is dead and two others were wounded after a triple shooting near a gas station in Clayton County, Ga., Monday. The three victims were shot in a wooded area behind the station. No motive has been established in the shooting.
—Associated Press
A man was shot and killed while driving in El Sereno, Calif., Monday in what police say appears to be a gang related incident. The victim, identified as Charlie James Alvarez, 46, managed to briefly continue driving until he crashed. No suspects are in custody.
—KTLA
A 22-year-old woman was shot and killed early Monday morning at the Palm Tree Lounge in Flint, Mich. Police were called to the club around 1:40 a.m. and found Havana Wright shot in the chest. A man was also shot but is expected survive his injuries. Michelle Ellen McIntosh, also 22, is the prime suspect. This is the third homicide at the club since July, all committed with guns.
—MLive
Two shootings over the course of about 14 hours left four people in Bridgeport, Conn., hospitals Sunday and Monday. Kai Roacher, 31, and Rasheda Crawford, 37, were walking up to the porch of a home at about 10 a.m. Monday when two men approached them on foot and at least one of the men opened fire. In an earlier shooting, a car pulled up alongside a tan Buick before one or more occupants began shooting into it, hitting Kenneth Ebanks, 22 and Ashley Llyons, 22. It is not clear whether the shootings were related.
—ctpost.com
An early morning shooting near Meacham Airport in Fort Worth, Tex., left one woman dead and two others injured. At 5:30 a.m. Monday, police were dispatched to a home and found a 24-year-old female and a man injured with apparent gunshot wounds. Another 24-year-old female had been assaulted. No arrests have been made.
—CBSDFW
A shooting Monday night in Sarasota, Fla., injured two men in their 20s, one of whom is in critical condition. Officers arrived to find one of the men outside a home and the other inside, both with multiple gunshot wounds. Police do not have any suspects in custody.
—WWSB
A 19-year-old male was shot and another person was injured by flying glass after a shooting near the Homewood Stop Market in Pittsburgh, Pa., Monday afternoon. A dozen shots were fired at an intersection at around 3 p.m.
—CBS Pittsburgh
A man is in the hospital and another man is in custody following a fight over a woman in Houston, Tex., early Monday. A woman was staying in a motel with her current boyfriend when her ex-boyfriend showed up and wouldn't leave. The woman's current boyfriend intervened by pulling out a gun and shooting the ex in his side.
—KHOU
According to Slate's gun-death tracker, an estimated 3,587 people have died as a result of gun violence in America since the Newtown massacre on December 14, 2012.
Stone Brewing Co. (Escondido, CA) will expand their Stochasticity Project releases with Hibiscusity Belgian-style Ale. Stone created the Stochasticity Project under the pseudonym Koochevagner (a play on the last name of two founders of the company). Taking the Stone name away, it allowed the brewery some freedom to create as they see fit. For instance, this release, a Belgian inspired beer brewed with hibiscus and orange peel.
When the warmth of summer lifts mercury toward the triple digits, many seek refreshment from “lawnmower beers” (aka—the fizzy, yellow, tasteless, cut-rate, industrialized facsimile of Pilsner we have all come to know and revile). In pushing the beer envelope, we aim to advance imbibers' options for something far beyond run-of-the-mill with this immensely flavorful alternative. As original as the tongue-twisting name we coined far it, this robust Belgian-style ale is brewed with wheat and rendered optimal for summer with the addition of orange peel and hibiscus, bringing forth floral and citrus notes against a brilliant pink hue.
Stone Stochasticity Hibiscusity will be available in 22oz bombers, and draft.
Style: Belgian-Style Golden Ale (w/ Hibiscus Flower, Orange Peel)
Availability: 22oz Bombers
Arrival: TBA
8.6% ABV
Four people were left without a home Wednesday morning after a fire ignited at a house in Burlington. Fire crews responded to 1850 North Avenue around 2 a.m. Burlington Fire Deputy Chief Peter Brown said when crews arrived they saw heavy flames coming from the front of the building. Brown said the house had an attached apartment unit. He said all four of the residents were outside when firefighters began putting out the fire. "Which is great news, obviously, " he said. Brown said fire crews remained on scene at 6 a.m. and that the fire marshal was investigating a cause. The Red Cross is assisting the displaced individuals. Brown said several cats had not been accounted for. Brown thanked area fire and police departments for assisting in coverage while crews were on scene.
Four people were left without a home Wednesday morning after a fire ignited at a house in Burlington.
Fire crews responded to 1850 North Avenue around 2 a.m.
Advertisement
Burlington Fire Deputy Chief Peter Brown said when crews arrived they saw heavy flames coming from the front of the building. Brown said the house had an attached apartment unit.
He said all four of the residents were outside when firefighters began putting out the fire.
"Which is great news, obviously, " he said.
Brown said fire crews remained on scene at 6 a.m. and that the fire marshal was investigating a cause.
The Red Cross is assisting the displaced individuals. Brown said several cats had not been accounted for.
Brown thanked area fire and police departments for assisting in coverage while crews were on scene.
AlertMe
Okay, maybe “masterpiece” is overselling it a little. But this campy, sexually charged flick is actually a really great example of some of the ideals of third-wave feminism. Don't believe me? I actually don't blame you, because it sounds ludicrous. So let's break it down.
First of all, who is Elvira?
Elvira is the creation of writer/comedian Cassandra Peterson, best known for hosting a late night TV show in the 1980s where she lampooned B-movie horror films. Before MST3k, we had Elvira and her incredible… tracts of land. She's half gothic temptress, half valley girl, 100% funny.
Secondly, third-wave what now?
In order to catch everyone up with what I'm talking about, please enjoy this infographic:
And thirdly, what is Elvira: Mistress of the Dark?
Elvira: Mistress of the Dark is a 1988 film co-written by and starring Petersen AKA Elvira. It's a woefully underrated movie (47% on Rotten Tomatoes, The Worst Actress Razzie nomination for Peterson), and the story goes like this…
The article continues after these advertisements...
Elvira is hosting B-movie horror films on basic cable. She's broke and trying to get enough money to do a live show in Vegas. After the TV station's owner sexually harasses her, she quits and all her dreams of Vegas seem to be dashed.
That is, until she gets a telegram informing her that her great-aunt has died and left her an inheritance. Nice timing, amirite? So she's off to Fallwell, Massachusetts, only to discover that she's been left a decrepit old house, a dog, and a mysterious “cookbook”. Hell-bent on selling the place and using the money to fund her Vegas dreams, Elvira begrudgingly moves to Fallwell.
The real conflict of the story involves how the conservative residents of Fallwell, including her creepy uncle Vincent, handle the lustful Elvira moving into their town. And this is where things get really cool for Elvira as a character. Not necessarily in what happens, but how it's framed by the movie.
When Elvira is sexually harassed yet again by a real estate agent, we're meant to sympathize with her. When she tries to use her feminine wiles to seduce the hunky love interest, we're meant to root for her. And when the Fallwell Morality Club (which includes Edie McClurg as “Chastity Pariah”, lol) sends her into social exile, we're meant to know that they are the bad guys.
That is what sets this movie apart from so many. Elvira—with her skimpy outfits, makeup, amazing cleavage, and promiscuous behavior—is the protagonist. Sure, there are plenty of jokes at her expense, mostly having to do with her boobs or that she has a lot of sex. But the tone is one of affection. Oh Elvira, you adorable sex-haver! Also, it's an important distinction that most of these jokes come from Elvira herself. She knows who she is, and she's fine with that.
The mean-spirited jokes come exclusively at the expense of those who challenge Elvira or try to demean her in any way. They're portrayed as either tightly-wound judgmental prudes or sexually deviant perverts. She's accosted by men three separate times in the movie, and it's never suggested for a moment that she brought it on herself by dressing the way she does.
Elvira's main flaws are that she's vain and a bit of an airhead. But the movie never attempts to scold her for anything regarding her appearance or sexuality. It's everyone who's judging her that's the problem. If they don't like it, then they can kiss her perfect porcelain ass.
This is what makes her character a true female power fantasy. Contrast Elvira to most female superheroes: They're all hot, but they seem to take no pleasure it in themselves. In fact, most of them seem totally oblivious to how sexy they are, mostly because it's not for them. They're characters written by men for men.
One of the biggest problems for women in movies is sexual objectification. But Elvira, despite her bodacious boobs, is not a sexual object. The film is about her doing things: Actively pursuing a goal, overcoming conflicts, and eventually winning the day… all in six-inch stilettos. Oh and she gets the guy, too. But at no point in the movie does she decide to put her slutty ways behind her, cover up her cleavage, and settle down with the “right guy”. Because as far as Mistress of the Dark is concerned, there's nothing wrong with her. And that's kind of beautiful, don't you think?
Former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala
Om Prakash Chautala, age 79, has shown remarkable vigor and stamina, traipsing across his home state of Haryana to ask voters that they back him in next week's election.However, his star turns at huge rallies render implausible the illnesses that he cited when he requested - and was granted - bail.So Mr Chautala has been summoned tomorrow by the Delhi High Court to explain what he's doing away from the private Medanta hospital, where he was admitted in June.The CBI, which investigated Mr Chautala in a corruption case, asked the court to cancel the politician's bail urgently. The judge asked why, given Mr Chautala's high-profile meetings in Haryana (he vowed at one to take the oath as Chief Minister from Tihar Jail), the CBI had not arrested him."We made our efforts, but look at his arrogance," the CBI replied, somewhat plaintively.Last year, the man who has served four times as Chief Minister of Haryana was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in jail for corruption in the recruitment of teachers when he was in power in 1999.Mr Chautala was allowed to leave prison in May for an alleged heart condition; he is meant to return to prison in Delhi on October 17, two days after Haryana votes.The CBI wants the court to demand an explanation from top doctors at the super-speciality and famous Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon near Delhi to explain why the patient was allowed to head out on September 25."Chautala had not come to us in CBI custody. He came to us as a normal patient...if a patient wants to leave, we can't make him stay back against his will," said Dr Naresh Trehan, Chairman and Managing Director of Medanta. While the case against him was being heard in Delhi, Mr Chautala was, ironically, addressing a rally.
Fernando Alonso was world champion with Renault in 2005 and 2006
Fernando Alonso will win the world drivers' title at McLaren, says their former driver Gerhard Berger.
Berger also believes the double world champion, 33, will spend the rest of his career at the Surrey-based team.
Alonso has been ruled out of the first race of the season in Australia on 15 March following his crash in testing.
Asked if he expects Alonso to win the title at McLaren, Berger, who drove for the team from 1990-92, told BBC Sport: "Yes - he is a complete driver."
He added: "He should have more championships because he is a big champion. The way that he drives, the killing instinct that he has, he's capable of winning more than two championships."
Spaniard Alonso said in a video message on Friday that he is "completely fine" following the accident at Barcelona on 22 February that left him with concussion.
However, doctors advised him not to race in Melbourne because of the risk of suffering a second concussion.
Gerhard Berger (right) and Ayrton Senna were McLaren-Honda team-mates between 1990 and 1992
Berger, the winner of 10 races in an F1 career that lasted from 1984-97, says Alonso, world champion in 2005 and 2006, will have no physical or mental problems once he returns to the track.
"Crashes are part of the game in F1," he said.
"Fernando is such an experienced driver, he will deal with it in a good way and I don't think it's going to have any effect on him. He will be ready to go racing again."
McLaren completed the fewest miles of the nine teams who took part in pre-season testing, as they and new engine partner Honda struggled with reliability issues.
Berger, who drove for McLaren when they previously used Honda engines, expects 2015 to be "a learning year" for the team but believes the Japanese company is "going to get the job done".
He predicts that McLaren will be challenging for race wins in 2016 and targeting the drivers' championship after that.
How McLaren-Honda ruled the world, 1988-92 Won four of five drivers' and constructors' world championships 44 race wins from 80 races 53 pole positions Won 15 of 16 races in the 1988 season
Berger added: "In my time together with McLaren and Honda, it was extremely professional, extremely competent. There was a big hunger for success so I think this is the culture of Honda.
"I don't think it should matter if tests at the moment are not great or if the first races are not great. It's normal - it would be more of a surprise if Honda were competitive from day one."
The 55-year-old, who has had senior managerial roles in F1 with BMW and Toro Rosso since retiring as a driver, says Alonso should have between three and five years left of his own racing career and believes he will win at least one more title before he finishes.
Berger also expects Alonso, who has joined Britain's 2009 world champion Jenson Button at McLaren, to stay with the team for the rest of his F1 career.
"I think once he signed up for McLaren-Honda, he knows there is going to be a learning period. I'm sure that he is going to be part of this learning," he added.
"Once this is done, I'm sure he wants to take all the fruits from the learning period. I don't think it must be an intention to jump around teams.
"Alonso has some extreme high talent in certain areas, not just in driving skills but in the way he runs the politics."
Applejack smirked at the offer. “Heh, thanks. But…” he smirks faded, and worry returned to her eyes. “There's still the issue of Apple Bloom. Ah mean, I hate to hide stuff from her, but that's prob'ly not even gonna be an option. Granny Smith will likely be makin' all sorts of comments and askin' questions at the family dinner. That's gonna make hidin' things pretty much impossible. And once the cat's out of the bag… well, then things are just gonna get messy,” she lamented with a frown. The earth pony sat down and sighed. “This is gonna be a disaster…”
Rainbow Dash took a small step forward. “Well, if it's too much trouble…” she muttered softly, “Why don't we just avoid it altogether? If ‘courting' you are going to cause so much trouble for you with your family and stuff, then maybe we… shouldn't?” It was quite clear from the hints of sadness in her voice and the faint pain in her eyes that she personally hated the idea. But it was also clear that her concern for Applejack far outweighed her own wants and desires.
Upon hearing her suggestion, though, Applejack's eyes went wide, and she recoiled back a step in shock. “What? N-no!” she stammered. “That, that ain't fair! Not to you. Not to us…” she muttered sadly. It was unclear to Dash whether Applejack was failing to hide the sorrow seeping into her voice, or if she was just not even trying at all.
The rainbow-maned mare quickly trotted closer, and turned to stand adjacent to Applejack's left side. “Hey, hey, it's alright,” she murmured gently in an attempt to comfort her friend. “I don't actually want to call things off or anything. I was just trying to… you know…” her voice trailed off as she found herself unable to figure out what to say.
Dash wasn't good with words and feelings. She preferred to be straightforward, and let her actions do most of the talking for her. So, rather than fumble with words and explanations that would make the situation worse, she decided to just communicate through action, rather than conversation.
The pegasus unfolded her right wing and draped it over Applejack's back, leaving the wingtip hanging down over her opposite side. It was a gesture pegasi considered on par with a hug, if not just a variant of hugging that used wings instead of hooves. She felt Applejack tense slightly at first, and her eyes shifted to stare confusedly at the blue mare. “Whatcha doin'?” she asked warily.
“I'm giving you a hug,” Dash replied with a small smile. “Or at least, what most pegasi would call a hug.”
“Oh…” Applejack mused, still looking slightly perplexed. Dash felt her quickly start to relax under her wing. In fact, after a few seconds, Applejack closed her eyes, and leaned up against the pegasus. “Ah ain't complaining…” she softly murmured, resting her head against Dash's neck. "Not one bit."
Dash giggled, a small smile of contentment forming on her face. She wasn't complaining either, especially in regards to the earth pony leaning against her for support. She didn't say anything aloud, though. Once again, she knew actions spoke louder than words, and words would have only hurt the moment.
So the two mares just stood there for a minute or so, Dash with her wing draped over Applejack, and Applejack gently leaning against Dash. The silence was finally broken, however, when the pegasus smirked and stated: “You know, if we stay like this much longer, somepony is going to see.”
“Consarnit,” the blonde mare grunted. She then leaned back away from Dash and sighed. “That's all we need right now…”
Dash tensed her wing, briefly tightening her “embrace” of Applejack. “Don't worry, it's not like this is the only time I'll ever get to hug you.”
Applejack smiled. “True. But yer right, we should probably try to look a bit less, er, conspicuous.”
Dash nodded, and took a step away from Applejack. However, rather than completely retracting her wing, she only pulled it back slightly so that the wingtip was resting behind the earth pony's mane, right at the base of her neck. With a sly smile, she proceeded to lightly run the tips of her feathers down most of the length of Applejack's back, before gently grazing her wingtip across her friend's cutie mark. Only then did she retract her wing.
Applejack felt a small shiver run down her spine in the wake of the feathers, particularly when Dash grazed her cutie mark. Almost immediately, a small blush rose to her cheeks. “What in tarnation was that?” she asked after the pegasus had folded her wing back against her side.
It was Dash's turn to blush. “Oh, uh, you don't know?”
“Know what?” the orange mare replied, perplexed.
“Oh, it's, um,” Dash muttered with a sideways glance. She raised a hoof and awkwardly rubbed the back of her neck, before letting out a small, nervous chuckle. “Heh. Heh. Darn, of course you don't know. Um. Oh jeez, this is awkward. I'm not good with explaining things. Especially stuff like this. Uh...”
“What am Ah missin' here?”
“It's, like a… It's a pegasus thing,” Dash tried to explain.
Applejack raised an eyebrow. It was very odd to see the normally cool and confident pegasus looking so unsure, perhaps even embarrassed. “A pegasus thing?”
Dash uncertainly shifted her weight from side to side. It seemed she was having trouble finding the right words. “Yeah, like body language, only with a wing. Wing language. Something like that. A little gesture we do. With our wings.” She unfolded her wings and flexed them a bit for emphasis.
“Well, what's it mean?” Applejack inquired.
The blush on the cyan pegasus' cheeks darkened further. “Well, you see, it's like… Um. It's a show of affection. Like a way to say ‘I like you,' but there's a little bit more to it than just that. Like, it says you've got more than just a passing interest,” she explained, the hesitation in her voice betraying her nervousness. “It's, uh, it's like a show of legit interest, and, uh,” she averted her gaze, clearly embarrassed now, “Y'know, trust and stuff.”
Applejack studied Rainbow Dash for a moment. She then smirked and observed: “Ya know, yer pretty cute when yer flustered like that.”
Dash's blue face somehow managed to turn even redder. “H-hey!” she stammered indignantly. “I'm not flustered! I just, uh, I just- Ugh. How many times have I gotta say that I'm not good at talking and explaining stuff?” she huffed. “I'm out of my element, alright?”
“Nothin' to be embarrassed about, Darlin',” the blonde farmpony replied with a comforting smile. “Ah think Ah get what yer sayin' about the weird little wingtip back strokey thing, though. It's supposed to be more of a cutesy meaningful thing, rather than a flirty playful thing. Right?”
The pegasus shrugged both her shoulders and her wings. “Yeah, something like that.”
Applejack paused to look around. As far as she could tell, nopony watching them. In fact, it didn't seem like anypony else was around. Feeling confident that they were alone, she turned to look back at the pegasus. The orange mare suddenly leaned her face closer to Dash's, and gave a coy smirk. “Soooo, somethin' like this, then?” And with that, she gave Dash a small kiss on the cheek, her lips lingering for several seconds before she pulled away.
The crimson hue on Dash's cheeks now perfectly matched the red streaks in her mane and tail. Her eyes went distant, and a goofy grin quickly formed on her face. “Yeah, uh, something like that. A lot like that. That's… yeah, that's a good… comparison… thingy…” she babbled. It was quite obvious that her mind was barely tethered to reality at this point.
Wish to read the story itself? Here's a link! [link]
-------------------------------------------------Sorry for the 'poor quality.' I had to rush this because * Leyanor 's contest ends today!Oopsie...Thanks to the oh so awesome ~ Lycan-01 's story at FiMFiction:
Denmark, Belgium and France are the highest taxed EU countries according to research by the bloc's statistical agency Eurostat.
The data in Eurostat's report on ‘Taxation trends' in the EU, published on Monday (16 June), found that the Danish government collected tax worth 48.1 percent of economic output in 2012.
At the other end of the scale, Lithuanians are the lowest taxed in Europe, with a burden worth 27.2 percent of output, closely followed by Bulgaria and Latvia.
Overall, the average tax-to-GDP ratio in the EU increased to 39.4 percent in 2012, slightly up from 38.8 percent the previous year. Eurostat says the rate continued to rise in 2013.
Tax levels have increased in each of the last three years, and are at their highest level since 2001. Twenty two of the EU's 28 countries recorded tax increases in 2012. Six countries - UK, Sweden, Slovakia, Romania, Portugal and Lithuania - saw a fall in their tax-to-GDP ratio with the largest single fall of 0.9percent in Portugal.
Income taxes make the largest single contribution to national tax revenues across the bloc, representing 51 percent of total revenues.
The EU continues to have some of the highest taxed countries in the world. Of the major OECD countries outside the bloc, only Norway, at 42 percent, has a higher tax burden. Meanwhile, the US, Canada and Japan have rates of 25 percent, 28 percent and 30 percent, respectively.
Countries in the north and west of Europe are known for combining high taxes with generous welfare and pension schemes.
For their part, the former eastern bloc countries which joined the EU in 2004 and 2007 orient their systems more towards low tax regimes, with five countries using a flat income tax system.
“Labour taxation is still too high,” said EU taxation commissioner Algirdas Semeta in a statement. He added that environmental taxes were “under-used” in the EU, and that governments could cut their headline rates on VAT, the main EU tax on consumption.
Shifting taxation away from labour would “allow our businesses to regain competitiveness", he commented.
The commission is keen for governments to shift their tax regimes away from labour to environmental taxation, as well as higher levies on property and assets, which are easy to collect.
The value of property and assets has risen far quicker than incomes across Europe. However, consumption taxes on everyday items such as food, utility bills and petrol disproportionately hit people on lower wages.
Tax on property could be used to control booms in the housing market.
The commission has no powers to change national tax policies but has proposed reforms such as a tax on financial transactions set to be introduced by 11 member states, as well as revising the VAT system and promoting a common corporate tax base.
WOW WOW WOW!
My SS hit this one OUT OF THE PARK! The thought and detail that went into this gift is so special. My SS obviously did some stalking (the good kind), and it shows.
Me and my fiancé LOVE music, and most importantly music festivals. We live in West Michigan and have gone to Electric Forest the past several years. We have a special bond with that place, a bond that runs deeper than music.
I don't know if my SS has ever been to EF or a different music festival, but, based on the level of PERFECT that this gift is, I would say it's highly likely!
Thank you so much for the gifts! Everything from the glow sticks (which we will be throwing sky high during Bassnectars first drop), to the refraction glasses (which you even were thoughtful enough to include an extra pair, for my fiancé!). You absolutely ROCK!
Let's not forget the best part: a GALACTIC WIND POUCH! I can't wait to enjoy this bad boy once this cold Michigan weather subsides! It's going to be traveling with us everywhere, from the shores of Lake Michigan, to the enchanted EF grounds!
Thank you for making this year's SS experience so personal, and unforgettable!
Natural Gas Extraction Creates A Boom For Sand
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kathleen Masterson for NPR Kathleen Masterson for NPR
The rise of fracking as a method for extracting natural gas from shale rock has triggered demand for a key ingredient in the process: silica sand. In parts of the upper Midwest, there's been a rush to mine this increasingly valuable product.
In northeast Iowa, a mine recently reopened to profit from the new demand. It's owned by the Pattison family, who have run a grain business for decades. They had been storing the grain in the old, unused mine tunnels carved into the cliffs and then loading it onto barges to ship downriver. They pretty much ignored the sandstone all around them.
But then one day owner Kyle Pattison got a phone call.
"We decided to open the mine because of being requested by a fracking company to," Pattison says. "They asked us to supply sand, for frack."
So with a nudge from the natural gas industry, Pattison sold his grain business and opened up Pattison Sand Co.
And he's not the only one to jump into the business. Sandstone deposits are plentiful and accessible across the upper Midwest and in Texas and Oklahoma. Dozens of companies are ramping up production and expanding their mines and quarries to meet the huge demand. But why can't the natural gas industry get enough of this sand?
"This sand happens to have the lot of properties that they covet. So they're descending on all these areas to provide their sand for their shale gas fracking operations," says Iowa State University geologist Bill Simpkins.
He says the industry is using silica sand because of its unique spherical shape and incredible toughness. To extract natural gas bound up in shale rock, energy companies drill thousands of feet down and then blast pressurized water and chemicals into the shale to fracture it.
"And the role of t he sands is to keep the fractures open," Simpkins says.
Other materials can do the same job, but sand is the cheapest. According to U.S. Geological Survey data, production of frack sand has more than quadrupled since 2000.
Tom Dolley of the U.S. Geological Survey says he's not sure just how many frack sand mines there are across the country, but he says the industry is growing. "It's happening so quickly it makes my head spin sometimes," Dolley says.
One region that's seen huge growth is in Wisconsin, which is already the nation's second-largest industrial sand mining state after Illinois. Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources official Tom Portle likened the surge to the gold rush.
"There's been other counties where there's been frack sand mines for many, many years, and they've just kind of been sleepy deals, kind of under the radar, steady business, but not explosive like we're seeing now," Portle says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kathleen Masterson for NPR Kathleen Masterson for NPR
Back at the Pattison Sand Co. in Iowa, business has been booming. Over the past 6 months, the company has hired 50 workers.
To enter the mine, you have to drive a diesel truck — because gasoline is too combustible — down a switchback road that winds its way to the bottom of the 300-foot bluff to an opening carved into the cliff's side.
After decades of using the mines just to store grain, sand is flying out the door. Pattison ships as many as 45 rail cars full of sand each day. A back-of-the-envelope calculation shows that could bring in more than $100,000 a day.
Dolley says this sand fetches a much higher price when used for fracking than for construction or even making glass bottles.
"There's considerable variation in price, but yeah, frack is gonna be over double what you would see for glass container price," he says.
In Iowa alone, the Pattison mine could easily have enough sandstone to last 10 years. That's a lot considering that to meet fracking demand, it's running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, all year long.
Kathleen Masterson reports from Iowa for Harvest Public Media, an agriculture-reporting project involving six NPR member stations in the Midwest. For more stories about farm and food, check out harvestpublicmedia.org.
A hunter found a gigantic alligator, estimated at just under 15 feet, on a farm in Okeechobee, Fla. Photo courtesy of FloridaHuntingOutfitter.com. The alligator may appear larger than it is because of forced perspective of the photo.
A monster alligator, estimated to be nearly 15 feet long, is no longer a threat to cattle -- or anything else -- on an Okeechobee, Fla., farm.
Hunters last weekend killed the giant beast, which some say was killing cattle, during a guided gator hunt at Outwest Farms, a business that offers guided gator, hog and Osceola turkey hunts as well as taxidermy services.
Outwest Farms owner Lee Lightsey, reached by phone Tuesday (April 5) night, said he has not measured the gator and does not know the creature's exact size.
However, a Saturday post on the Outwest Farms Facebook page describes the massive animal as measuring at "just under 15 foot" and as "the largest gator we have ever killed in the wild."
Tony Young, spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, confirmed to ABC News that the alligator is indeed real, but wildlife officials have not yet measured the reptile. Young added that hunters are seldom accurate in their own measurements, according to the ABC News article.
Young told ABC News that officials will probably release information on Wednesday (April 6).
Though news outlets have reported that Outwest Farms suspects the gator has been dining on the farm's cattle, Lightsey would only say that the hunting guide found the partially disintegrated carcass of some sort of ruminant, possibly a cow or a deer, in the pond with the gator.
As for the giant gator's remains, Lightsey said a taxidermist is turning the reptile into a full-body mount for the hunter to enjoy. The meat gets sold by the farm, he said.
Lightsey declined to reveal the name of the hunter who killed the gator, but said that the hunter paid "a lot of money" to kill gators at Outwest Farms and is pleased with his prize.
The Outwest Farms website advertises hunts for "gators of all sizes," from 4 to 13 feet, with a price of $10,000 for a hunting package including a gator of 13 or more feet.
"The guy is extremely thrilled with it," Lightsey said. "I was too and I didn't even kill it."
The 2015 Football League Cup Final was a football match that took place on 1 March 2015[2] at Wembley Stadium, London. It was the final match of the 2014–15 Football League Cup, the 55th season of the Football League Cup, a competition for the 92 teams in the Premier League and the Football League.
It was contested by Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur in a repeat of the 2008 Football League Cup Final, which the latter team won.[3] Chelsea won 2–0 in the 2015 final, with a goal from captain John Terry at the end of the first half, and a second from Diego Costa in the 56th minute. It was Chelsea's fifth League Cup win, and their first silverware in the second managerial spell of José Mourinho at the club. Chelsea qualified for the next season's UEFA Europa League by winning the match, but eventually qualified for the UEFA Champions League by winning the Premier League. The Europa League place went to Liverpool, who finished sixth in the Premier League.[4]
Mourinho expressed delight in winning another trophy in his career, while Terry spoke of optimism for Chelsea's future prospects. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino declared pride in his side despite their defeat.
Background [ edit ]
Chelsea were playing in their seventh League Cup final, having won four, most recently in 2007. Their most recent appearance in the final was the first at Wembley, which they lost in 2008 to Tottenham.[3] The game was Chelsea's first domestic cup final since their victory in the 2012 FA Cup Final.[5] Incumbent Chelsea manager José Mourinho was in charge in their League Cup wins in 2005 and 2007, and squad members Petr Čech, John Terry and Didier Drogba played in both finals, with the latter scoring in both victories.[6][7] All three also played in the 2008 defeat by Tottenham.[8]
Tottenham were making their eighth appearance in the final, having won four previous times, last of which was in 2008. The 2008 final was the first at Wembley and was won against Chelsea.[8] Tottenham's most recent appearance was a defeat against Manchester United in a penalty shootout the following year.[9] Of their squad in the 2014–15 season, captain Younès Kaboul was an extra-time substitute in their 2008 victory, while Aaron Lennon – on loan at Everton at the time of the 2015 final – started that match and the defeat in 2009.[8][9]
The two teams also played at the old Wembley in the 1967 FA Cup Final, which Tottenham won 2–1.[10] Tottenham's most recent appearance at Wembley was also against Chelsea, a 5–1 defeat in an FA Cup semi-final in 2012.[11]
By the time of the final, Chelsea and Tottenham had already played each other twice during the league season. On 3 December 2014, Chelsea hosted a 3–0 win, with goals from Eden Hazard, Didier Drogba and substitute Loïc Rémy, despite missing leading scorer Diego Costa through suspension.[12] Tottenham won the reverse fixture 5–3 only 29 days later, with Harry Kane scoring twice among further goals from Danny Rose, Andros Townsend (penalty) and Nacer Chadli.[13]
Route to the final [ edit ]
Chelsea [ edit ]
Chelsea, of the Premier League, began their League Cup campaign in the third round, where they were drawn at home against Bolton Wanderers of the Championship. Defender Kurt Zouma, making his debut, opened the scoring, but Bolton equalised six minutes later through a Matt Mills header. Ten minutes after the start of the second half, Oscar put Chelsea back into the lead and they won 2–1, dominating the match with 28 shots to Bolton's 3.[14]
In the fourth round, Chelsea travelled to the New Meadow to face Shrewsbury Town of League Two. Three minutes after play resumed from a goalless first half, Didier Drogba's half-volley gave Chelsea the lead, but Shrewsbury gained an equaliser from substitute Andy Mangan. With nine minutes to play, Chelsea regained the advantage when Shrewsbury defender Jermaine Grandison deflected a shot from Willian.[15]
Chelsea again were the away team to a lower opponent in the quarter-finals, facing Derby County of the Championship. In the first half, Eden Hazard gave Chelsea the lead, later doubled by a Filipe Luís free kick, the full-back's first for Chelsea. Craig Bryson halved the deficit for Derby, but soon afterwards defender Jake Buxton was sent off for a foul on Loïc Rémy and André Schürrle scored the final goal of a 3–1 Chelsea win.[16] In the semi-final, Chelsea beat Liverpool 2–1 on aggregate after Branislav Ivanović scored the winning goal in the first half of extra time in the second leg, heading in Willian's free kick.[17]
Tottenham Hotspur [ edit ]
Tottenham, also of the Premier League, began by facing Nottingham Forest at White Hart Lane. After a goalless first half, Jorge Grant gave the visitors from the Championship the lead in the 65th minute. Substitute Ryan Mason equalised six minutes later, and Spurs eventually won 3–1 after two late goals from Roberto Soldado and another substitute, Harry Kane.[18]
Tottenham hosted another second-tier opponent in the fourth round, Brighton & Hove Albion, and went into the lead through Erik Lamela, a half-time replacement for Aaron Lennon. Kane later confirmed a 2–0 victory.[19]
In the quarter-finals, Tottenham again played at home, against top-flight Newcastle United. Away goalkeeper Jak Alnwick made a mistake which allowed Nabil Bentaleb to give Spurs a half-time lead. Nacer Chadli doubled it 36 seconds into the second half. Kane and his replacement Soldado also scored in the 4–0 victory.[20] Tottenham's semi-final against League One club Sheffield United started with a 1–0 home win, Andros Townsend converting a penalty won by Jay McEveley's handball.[21] A week later in the second leg at Bramall Lane, Tottenham doubled their aggregate lead with Christian Eriksen's free kick, but in the second half 18-year-old substitute Che Adams scored twice to equalise the aggregate. With two minutes remaining, Eriksen scored his second to put Tottenham into the final.[11]
Match [ edit ]
Officials [ edit ]
Anthony Taylor was the referee for the final. It was his first match involving Chelsea since December 2014, when he erroneously booked Cesc Fàbregas for diving when he had been fouled by Southampton's Matt Targett; Taylor apologised to Chelsea for that decision.[22]
Tottenham were eliminated from the last 32 of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League by Fiorentina three days before the final, leading manager Mauricio Pochettino to say that the team needed to recover quickly.[23]
Chelsea manager José Mourinho used his pre-match interview to state that his previous wins in the tournament had changed the way that clubs approach the League Cup: "Lots of teams have followed us since then when we took the League Cup as a real competition, as a real challenge. It is a big competition."[24] He separated the final from the league season, saying, "I don't think if we win the cup final we will win the league, or if we lose it we will lose the league."[24] He refused to discuss the suspension of Matić, dismissing it with "If I speak to you about that, I promise you I will be in big trouble".[24] Despite opining that the two teams and the match officials would act fairly, he criticised players who dive, despite not naming any names.[24] Mourinho also claimed that in after leaving Chelsea for the first time in September 2007, he was approached to manage Tottenham by chairman Daniel Levy, and again in 2012.[25]
Team selection [ edit ]
Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matić was suspended for the final
Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matić was suspended for the final, due to a two-match ban he received for pushing over Burnley's Ashley Barnes in a league match on 21 February 2015.[26] Another central midfielder for the club, John Obi Mikel, missed the match through a knee injury.[27] Due to Matić's absence, Kurt Zouma – usually a central defender – moved into defensive midfield, with Gary Cahill introduced into Zouma's previous position. Chelsea made four other changes from their draw with Burnley: Petr Čech started in goal in place of Thibaut Courtois, César Azpilicueta at left-back instead of Filipe Luís, and Ramires and Willian came into the midfield at the expense of Juan Cuadrado and Oscar.[28] Chelsea set up with a three-man attack, with Eden Hazard and Willian wide of Diego Costa.[28]
Tottenham's second-choice goalkeeper Michel Vorm had played all of their fixtures on their way to the final, but was dropped to the bench and replaced with Hugo Lloris for the decisive game.[29] Compared to their defeat at Fiorentina, Tottenham made three changes in defence, with only Jan Vertonghen retaining his place – Vlad Chiricheș, Federico Fazio and Ben Davies were replaced by Kyle Walker, Eric Dier and Danny Rose, with Chiricheș not even featuring on the substitutes' bench.[28] Defensive midfielder Benjamin Stambouli and attacking midfielder Erik Lamela were replaced by Ryan Mason and Andros Townsend respectively, with the lone striker position changing from Roberto Soldado to Harry Kane.[28]
Summary [ edit ]
César Azpilicueta returning to the pitch after treatment for a head injury
In the 10th minute, Christian Eriksen had the first meaningful shot, hitting the crossbar with a 25-yard free kick for Tottenham. Twenty minutes later, Eric Dier was given the game's first yellow card for a foul on Diego Costa. At the end of the first half, Chelsea won a free kick on their right side when Branislav Ivanović was pulled down by Nacer Chadli. Willian took the free kick, which arrived at Kurt Zouma, played it down to captain John Terry. Terry's shot – Chelsea's first on target – went past Hugo Lloris due to a deflection by Dier. In added time at the end of the first half, Gary Cahill had a header from a corner, which was caught by Lloris.[30]
Neither side made a substitution at half time. In the 56th minute, Cesc Fàbregas – who had a bicycle kick saved by Lloris – set up Diego Costa, whose shot from the left of the area deflected off Tottenham right-back Kyle Walker and into the net to double Chelsea's advantage.[29] After conceding their second goal, Tottenham made a series of attacking substitutions – Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Chadli made way for Mousa Dembélé, Erik Lamela and Roberto Soldado respectively – but could not change the score. In the 74th minute, Dier's knee caught César Azpilicueta, drawing blood; the Chelsea left-back left the pitch to be bandaged and returned two minutes later. There were four minutes of added time, in which Chelsea substituted Costa for Didier Drogba.[30]
Details [ edit ]
Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur
The arch of Wembley Stadium was illuminated in blue after Chelsea's victory.
Mourinho was pleased to have won the final, earning the 21st trophy of his managerial career: "I am like a kid winning the first one, it's hard for me to live without titles. I need to feed myself with them."[32] Terry was optimistic about the club's prospects for the future, saying, "It is the start of something... we've got a great squad, with some great young players, and hungry and experienced players too. It's a great mix."[32] Although praising the atmosphere at Wembley, Terry ruled out returning to the England team, for whom he had not played since 2012.[33] Despite losing, Pochettino expressed pride in his team's performance.[34]
Matić took part in Chelsea's trophy ceremony in full kit despite being suspended, similar to what Terry had done after Chelsea won the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final with him suspended.[35] Mourinho did not concur with the official man of the match award going to Terry, stating that the honour should have gone to Thibaut Courtois and Filipe Luís for their performances against Liverpool, and Andreas Christensen for his performance against Shrewsbury Town.[35]
Chelsea qualified for the next season's UEFA Europa League by winning the match. As they qualified for the UEFA Champions League by winning the Premier League, the Europa League place went to Liverpool, who finished sixth in the Premier League.[4]
For anyone who hasn't been paying attention to the Buffy comics since the TV series ended, Giles died in the climax of season eight, killed by the season's Big Bad. Eventually he was resurrected by Angel, but in a new pre-teen body with all of his middle-aged man memories intact. Now, little Rupert is 15, and about to enter high school in America for the first time. Check out a preview of the cover art:
Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Giles will be a four-issue miniseries debuting on February 28 that sees Ripper, as Giles was once nicknamed, enrolling in an inner-city public school to investigate the mysterious disappearance of teachers. Whedon isn't tackling this storyline alone; he's teaming up with writer Erika Alexander, artist Jon Lam, and colorist Dan Jackson to chronicle "Giles the awkward years," take two.
About Giles' return to high school, Whedon told AV Club, “Sunnydale was, apart from being on a hellmouth, a pretty privileged place. Giles has never really dealt with the public school system as it exists for most kids. He's never been to the city. Giles has always had the advantage of being a part of the system that educated him. He was taught to be a watcher in a family of watchers. His education was, in the grand British public school tradition, both expansive and parochial.”
All that sounds great, but will teenage Giles take off and clean his glasses with the same regularity that middle-aged Giles did??
Are you stoked for Whedon's return to the Buffyverse? Let us know your thoughts below in the comments.
Images: Dark Horse Comics / Twentieth Century Fox
Grab a stake and visit more of the Buffyverse!
Published online 15 October 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1007
News
Mini-hole made of metamaterials ensnares microwave light.
The artificial 'black hole' sucks up microwaves. Q. Cheng and T. J. Cui
Physicists have created a black hole for light that can fit in your coat pocket. Their device, which measures just 22 centimetres across, can suck up microwave light and convert it into heat.
The hole is the latest clever device to use 'metamaterials', specially engineered materials that can bend light in unusual ways. Previously, scientists have used such metamaterials to build 'invisibility carpets' and super-clear lenses. This latest black hole was made by Qiang Chen and Tie Jun Cui of Southeast University in Nanjing, China, and is described in a paper on the preprint server ArXiv1.
Black holes are normally too massive to be carried around. The black hole at the centre of the Milky Way, for example, has a mass around 3.6 million times that of the Sun and warps the very space around it. Light that travels too close to it can become trapped forever.
The new meta-black hole also bends light, but in a very different way. Rather than relying on gravity, the black hole uses a series of metallic 'resonators' arranged in 60 concentric circles. The resonators affect the electric and magnetic fields of a passing light wave, causing it to bend towards the centre of the hole. It spirals closer and closer to the black hole's 'core' until it reaches the 20 innermost layers. Those layers are made of another set of resonators that convert light into heat. The result: what goes in cannot come out. "The light into the core is totally absorbed," Cui says.
The device is made of 60 concentric metamaterial 'resonators'. Q. Cheng and T. J. Cui *
"I am very impressed," says John Pendry, a theoretical physicist at Imperial College London. Pendry says that the black hole is yet the latest example of the many strange devices that can be built with metamaterials. But, he adds, it is not a perfect black-hole analogy. The enormous gravity of real black holes causes them to emit an eerie quantum glow, known as Hawking radiation. "The optical device reported in this paper has no internal source of energy and therefore cannot emit Hawking radiation," Pendry says.
Nevertheless, Cui says that the hole could prove useful. By the end of the year his team hopes to have a version of the device that will suck up light of optical frequencies. If it works, it could be used in applications such as solar cells.
CLOSE March for Life organizers say "there's a lot of hope" under the new administration. Here are five things to know about the 44th annual rally. USA TODAY
I stand for the unwanted. Our lives matter.
Protesters at the Supreme Court. (Photo11: Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images)
At the March for Life on Friday, I will join tens of thousands of pro-life warriors of all ages, races, genders, religions and political viewpoints to mourn the loss of more than 57 million innocent children since Roe v. Wade made abortion legal nationwide. These thousands flock from across the nation, and each of us marches for different reasons. Some march because they've experienced the pain of abortion themselves, some have lost brothers and sisters to abortion, some come for religious reasons, some in support of non-violent choices, and still others come to promote pro-life feminism. But me … I march for the unwanted.
Imagine that there are three little children, two girls and a boy. They are unborn, unplanned and, for all intents and purposes, unwanted.
Baby #1 will be the oldest; her mom will have her at only 14 years old. She will grow up neglected and sees things that no little child should see. She will be placed in foster care about the age of 5.
Her little brother, Baby #2, will be born two years later, when their mom is 16. He too will be neglected, but he will also be physically abused by some of Mom's boyfriends. He is 3 when all three kids are put in foster care.
Last comes the baby of the family, Baby #3, who is born when her mom is 19. She will not spend much time with her mom, but what little time she does spend will be marked by neglect. She will be placed in foster care before she is even a year old.
All of this sounds pretty horrible — a lot of suffering, a lot of neglect and little love. Would it be better for these three little children to never have been born? After all, then they would never suffer from neglect, never be hungry, never be hurt, never have to cry themselves to sleep. Many abortion advocates will talk about how it would be better to abort than to bring unwanted children into this world, and would argue that the fate of these three children proves their point.
But this is only half of their story.
They are adopted, all of them at the same time, by two amazing parents. Their parents love and adore them. They do more than just feed and clothe them: They teach them right from wrong, kiss boo-boos, take them to Disney World, take them hunting and fishing, teach them to ride a bike, help them with algebra homework, and cry as they watch them walk across the stage at graduation. They are a family, a close and loving family. These three little children grow up to be adults.
POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media
Baby #1 is now a strong, independent, military wife. She loves photography and has a beautiful son of her own.
Baby #2 is a caring, intelligent man who loves to read, play video games and has a steady job he enjoys.
Baby #3 went to law school and is now an attorney with the nation's leading pro-life legal team at Americans United for Life. She gets to spend every day helping state legislators and policy groups pass laws that protect other unwanted children, giving them the chance to overcome the circumstances of their birth, just like she did. Baby #3 is me.
This is my family. This is my story. This is why I march.
Deanna Wallace is an attorney with Americans United for Life.
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ka16LW
Would “the Heartbreaker” be a good WWE name for me?
Since returning home from Rio with some new hardware, an offer from the iconic wrestling/entertainment brand was probably the most surprising opportunity yet.
At the end of November I will head down to their headquarters in Florida and see if their star-making machine is for me. But the fun doesn't end there. My gold medal has taken me to fascinating places like Iqaluit, to share my story with the kids there, and in December I hope to be drafted into the Indian Pro Wrestling League, which brings together the top freestyle wrestling talents from around the world to compete in front of millions of TV viewers.
Fun as all of this is, winning gold at the Olympic Games doesn't guarantee a life of fame or fortune. Riches are especially not the point in freestyle wrestling, but that's not what motivated me to stay in the sport for this long.
Nine years ago to the exact day, I followed the tradition of so many big dreamers and moved west, to Calgary, to chase after my big, crazy dream. I was wrestling at the University level for the first time, and I was completely and utterly pointless. Literally.
I had not scored a single point in two months, I was sore in places I never knew existed, tired, worn out, and questioning everything I knew about myself. Every day was a grind as I was pushed to my limits, mentally, physically and emotionally.
I had worked 10-hour days the previous summer to afford the move, and I was still taking on massive student loans. I had left behind my friends and family to chase after this dream of being the best in the world in my sport. I loved wrestling, but on this day I was failing.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
At least one good thing will come out of Penn State playing in a bowl game this year.
The school announced Thursday morning that they would donate $1.5 million from their bowl revenue — not bowl profit — to a pair of sex-crime advocacy groups.
Interim PSU president Rod Erickson (not pictured) told the Associated Press Thursday that the school would take the bowl money, which goes to the Big Ten and then is distributed back to the school, and donate it to the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape and the National Sexual Violence Resource Center.
“This presents an excellent opportunity for Penn State to raise the national visibility of this issue,” Erickson said. “Our students and fans are focused on a cause to play for, to cheer for.”
You can read the entire story HERE.
Obviously, this is a tremendous gesture on the part of PSU, and it's a good opportunity to begin the path of righting the wrongs. It doesn't make much sense for Penn State to decline a bowl bid for the same reason it didn't make sense to cancel/boycott the final home game against Nebraska: it punishes the players who had nothing to do with the Jerry Sandusky allegations.
Penn State can't reverse the allegations against Sandusky or heal the lives affected, but they can try to do something good in a tragic situation.
Baseball folklore claims Indians manager Lou Boudreau devised the defensive shift to combat a Ted Williams hot-streak. Boudreau admitted the strategy was meant as more of a psychological ploy rather than a legitimate baseball tactic. In some sense, Boudreau's unconventional stunt worked since Teddy Ballgame stubbornly refused to take advantage of all the open real estate he was presented with.
Even if its origin has been debunked, the defensive shift is widely accepted as a conventional baseball strategy today. Broadcasters and mainstream writers only seem to point out the gaping hole on the left side of the infield when the hitter who is subject to the shift is going through a slump. If you ask the player himself why he doesn't lay down a bunt or attempt to hit a ground ball where the third baseman (and sometimes even shortstop) should have been standing, he'll probably tell you he's paid to drive the ball and hit homeruns, not bunt. The reality of the situation is runs are runs, regardless of how they're generated. How good does a player need to be to justify continuously attempting to over-hit the shift?
Since quality offensive performance comes in many forms, this becomes a complicated question to answer. Conversely, another question that yields a similar answer is: how successful does a hitter need to be at dropping down a bunt or slapping a ball to the left side to match his offensive output with his current approach? To answer this, we have to first make a couple assumptions.
The first is that we'll only consider situations with the bases empty. While the shift is used with runners on base, it's less likely and these situations increase complexity. Secondly, we'll only consider singles as a successful outcome for a hitter's attempt to hit left of the shift. Depending on the severity of the shift, a double is possible, but less likely. A couple weeks ago, I used the 2009 to 2011 run expectancy charts to show break-even points for stolen bases – I'm going to use these same charts for the backbone of this analysis.
If we individually divide the number of singles, doubles, triples, homeruns, walks plus HBP and outs by plate appearances over a full season, we'll have the rates for each of those outcomes. If we treat these as probabilities (assumption number three), we can then multiple these rates by the difference in run expectancy between the situational outcome of the event and a bases empty situation.
For singles, we take the run expectancy with a runner on first and a given number of outs and subtract it from the run expectancy with the bases empty and the same number of outs – then multiply this difference by the hitter's 1B%. This gets repeated for 2B%, 3B%, HR%, BB% and OUT% and summed to give the expected runs added per plate appearance. Once we have this number we need to duplicate the procedure for just singles and outs.
The percentage at which this curbed run expectancy added per at bat equals the total from the original calculation is the success rate of hitting left of the shift that a hitter needs to have to equal the expected value of his normal approach. Essentially, this number is a batting average. The fourth assumption I didn't mention above is that a hitter wouldn't accept a walk when attempting to hit around the shift. This would definitely not hold up in practice, so instead of taking the break-even rate as a batting average, we can also interpret it as an OBP instead – since a BB, HBP and single all cause the same effect with the bases empty.
Obviously this framework is unique to the player. Since I watched managers deploy the shift on Mark Teixeira all season, I ran through the numbers for his 2011 season. The table below shows Teixeira's frequencies for each type of outcome.
The graph below shows the summed difference in run expectancy per at bat on the vertical axis and the success rate of hitting left of the shift on the horizontal axis. The colored lines are plots of how the run expectancy changes with success rate for the limited scenario of only singles and outs. The horizontal lines mark Teixeira's run expectancy difference based on his overall season rates for each number of outs. The vertical lines pointing down to the x-axis give us the number we want. When we average these numbers, it tells us that if the Yankees' first baseman thought he could have successfully shot a ball through the open hole on the left side of the infield more than 55% 45% of the time, he should have done just that – given the frequencies of the types of his hits.
(Update: Many thanks to BronxBaumer for pointing out I originally used the wrong set of splits. The table and chart have been corrected.)
The disclaimer here is that this analysis isn't an evaluation of what his season was on an event-by-event basis and does not definitively say he would have provided more value to the Yankees with this approach. Of course, over a full season, once managers notice Teixeira's unwillingness to play into their game, the defense would return to normal alignment – which of course is advantageous to Teixeira with his regular approach. This cat and mouse game might continue, but Teixeira will always benefit from whatever the opposing manager shows him because he can stay one step ahead.
What does this number look like when we push offensive performance into near unfathomable levels? Here's the same chart, except using the offensive rates from Barry Bonds' record-breaking 2001 season.
When we average these values, we see that Bonds would have had to bat .788 to justify attempting to hit left of the shift. The word “stubborn” need not apply here.
Obviously this number varies by hitter, but for hitters from earth, it suggests that they are in fact being less productive by attempting to hit over a shift – especially with fewer outs in the inning – than trying to take advantage of the gigantic hole on the left side of the infield. To take it one step further, the worse the hitter is, the less forgiving fans should be if Dustin Pedroia snatches a line drive in short-right field when a routine ground ball to the other side of the field would have done the job.
The ABC is deeply concerned at the decision by One Nation to single out and exclude ABC reporters from its official election night function in Perth on Saturday night.
I have been in communication with One Nation officials since early Sunday seeking an explanation.
Despite the fact that One Nation has claimed that all media were treated appropriately and obtained material from a pool camera on the night, the facts remain that:
Other media representatives from a range of organisations attended on the night without any prior arrangements or permission being required.
Those other media representatives, who included broadcasters, agencies and newspaper reporters from inside and outside Western Australia, were granted immediate access to the event.
The ABC was denied access, and was treated differently to all other media.
Throughout the Western Australian election campaign, the ABC has provided accurate, impartial and independent political coverage and all political parties have been the subject of appropriate scrutiny and questioning.
If the ABC has been denied normal access to political events for simply doing its job, then that is an attack not just on the public broadcaster but on the fundamental role of the media in a democracy.
We will continue, as we always have, to report without fear or favour.
Alan Sunderland
ABC Editorial Director
ENDS
For more information
The Connecticut man who lost his wife and daughters in a brutal home invasion in 2007 said Wednesday it was 'sad' one of the killers had his death sentence revoked to comply with new state laws.
Dr. William Petit was tied up in the basement of his New Haven home during the July 23, 2007 attack and almost beaten to death. He could only listen as his wife was raped and murdered by Steven Hayes. Petit managed to flee to a neighbor's home as his daughters perished in the fire Hayes lit.
'It is a very sad day when a prolonged trial and decision and sentencing by a jury that took 4.5 months to seat is overturned by a legislature that ignores the wishes of the people of CT,' he said in a text message via Twitter on Wednesday.
Commuted: Steve Hayes (pictured left in 2007, right in undated prison photo) was sentenced to death in 2010, but because Connecticut repealed the death sentence, he and ten others are having their sentences changed
Victims: Dr. William Petit (left) said it's an 'insult' that Hayes, who raped and murdered his wife Jennifer Hawke-Petit (right) and killed daughters Michaela (center-bottom), 11, and Hayley (center-top), 17, won't be executed
Horror: Hayes and friend Joshua Komisarjevsky raided the Petits' home (pictured after the invasion) in July 2007. They tied Petit up in the basement, then Hayes raped Hawke-Petit before strangling her to death
Bound: This evidence photo shows the bed that Jennifer Hawke-Petit was tied to at one point, and the scarf used to bind her. The yellow numbered sign is a police evidence marker
Tragic: Wolfe-Petit was taken to a bank to withdraw money for the robbers before her murder, while her daughters were tied to their beds. She told the cashier to call the police, but they arrived too late
Bedroom: Komisarjevsky raped Michaela, who was tied to this bed, then left her here when the house was set on fire. Michaela died still tied to the bed, though it's not known exactly what caused her death
He added: 'The insult is compounded by a Supreme Court that rules on not one but 2 cases based on personal opinions and politics and not the law.'
Hayes was sentenced to death in 2010 after being convicted of murder, first-degree kidnapping, first-degree sexual assault and 13 other counts.
Co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky was also sentenced to death in 2011.
But in 2012 the Connecticut House of Representatives voted to repeal capital punishment, stopping it from being handed out in future cases.
Originally, the 11 people on death row - including Hayes and Komisarjevsky - were still to face execution.
But in August last year that was deemed to be 'cruel and unusual punishment' and their death sentences were commuted.
Hayes's trial, which ended Wednesday is the first in a series deciding what will be done with those men. Komisarjevsky and the other nine men who were on death row have yet to face theirs.
Petit and his family declined to make a statement in court, saying they had already said what needed to be said during the trial, as did Hayes and his public defender Thomas Ullmann.
Superior Court judge Jon C. Blue concluded: 'With the gravity of these crimes and the depravity of your character, nothing more needs to be said.'
He then handed down six consecutive sentences of life without possibility of parole, followed by a total of 106 years for Hayes's crimes.
Hayes and Komisarjevsky committed their crimes in July 2007, when a home-invasion robbery spiraled into a nightmarish litany of rape, child abuse and murder.
The pair forced their way into Petit's home and beat him badly with a baseball bat before tying him up in the basement of his house, which he shared with his wife Jennifer Hawke-Petit, 48, and their daughters Hayley, 17, and Michaela, 11.
The pair demanded money from Petit, then 50, and ransacked his home - but when they found a banking book with $30,000 in it, they changed their mind.
Instead, they decided they would take Hawke-Petit to a bank, and force her to withdraw $15,000. She did, and told the teller what was happening.
But the police did not arrive in time for what happened next.
Burned: This is the bed Hayley was tied to when the house was set on fire. She freed herself but died of smoke inhalation in the corridor outside
Injury: Petit, who managed to escape the basement and crawl to a neighbor's home, was so badly injured that at first his neighbor didn't recognize him
Inferno: The fire was so intense in the Petit living room that the only part to survive intact was the fireplace
Unrecognizable: The kitchen was burned beyond recognition, with only a few pots and pans left in the incinerated kitchen cabinets
Once back home, Hayes raped Hawke-Petit, then strangled her to death. Petit, still tied up in the basement, could only listen.
When he heard one of the men say that it 'it will all be over soon,' Petit realized that they were all going to be killed and managed to break the bonds on his hands - but not those on his feet - and crawl to his neighbor's house.
The doctor was so bloodied and disfigured by his beating that his neighbor of 18 years didn't even recognize him at first.
As Petit was crawling to safety, his daughters were suffering. They had been tied to their beds, with pillowcases placed over their heads.
Komisarjevsky raped 11-year-old Michaela - he later told authorities he thought she was 16 or 17 - and then Hayes splashed gasoline around the house and set it ablaze.
In journal entries read in court during the trial, Komisarjevsky wrote that he 'resented' the idea that people believe he raped Michaela, but admitting he did sexually assault her and then 'ejaculated onto her' in a 'vulgar display of power.'
He also took photos of her after the assault.
Hayley was able to free herself, but died in the hallway due to the superheated fumes. Michaela's body was found on her bed. It could not be determined how she died.
The suspects then fled the house, ramming through a police barricade with the Petits' vehicle, before being apprehended.
Facing the prospect of execution in 2013, Hayes told The New Haven Register: 'Death for me will be a welcome relief and I hope it will bring some peace and comfort to those who I have hurt so much.'
Speaking outside the court Wednesday, Ullmann said he was delighted by the result.
Accomplice: Komisarjevsky (left in 2007, right in undated court pic) will be re-sentenced at a later date. Hayes, meanwhile, had initially welcomed the death sentence, and converted to Judaism while in prison
Memories: This Easter post by Petit was made in the memory of his deceased family
'It's a relief for many of us lawyers who have worked on this for so long, to see the elimination of this barbaric punishment [the death penalty] from our laws.'
He added that the only person killed against their will by the state in recent decades was serial killer Michael Ross in 2005 - and he had in fact requested execution.
'So the state never achieved getting somebody executed against their will,' he said. 'It was an incredibly failed criminal justice policy. The costs to the state were enormous. This money could have been used for victims and treatment programs.'
He added that Hayes had converted to Judaism while in court, and that he had to be talked out of suicide several times.
Hayes also sued the Connecticut Department of Correction in August of 2014, alleging the preparation practices for kosher meals in the kitchen at the state's highest-security prison do not conform to Jewish dietary laws.
A federal judge ultimately rejected that argument.
Since the deaths of his daughters and wife in 2007, Petit has remarried. He and his wife Christine had a son, William Petit III, in 2013.
But he has said he will never come to terms with the loss of his first family.
A Tweet from Easter shows an image of Michaela, Hayley and Hawke-Petit looking down from Heaven, with the message: 'Easter 2016 / Gone but not forgotten.'
In May he began a run for state legislature.
Connecticut is the 19th state to remove the death penalty from its books.
According to a filing, Rami Rahim, new CEO of Juniper Networks Inc. (JNPR) is getting a compensation package totaling about $14.5 million.According to that filing, Rahim will be paid an annual salary of $1 million, $5million restricted shares, a target bonus of as much as $1.75 million, an equity award valued at $6.75 million and $5 million in restricted shares.Shaygan Kheradpir is Rahim's predecessor. He is earning an almost identical package to his predecessor, who stepped down on Nov. 10. Kheradpir was also eligible for a $5 million signing bonus.After Kheradpir was pulled down, Rahim was appointed CEO earlier this month after Kheradpir stepped down following a board review of his conduct related to a customer negotiation. Rahim, 43, joined Juniper in 1997 and has helped develop some of its key products. He has won praise as a technologist who knows Juniper's products well.Juniper seems to tackle numerous challenges this year, including executive shifts and activist pressure amid shrinking revenue. Kevin Johnson was replaced in January and that same month, activist hedge fund Elliott Management Corp targeted Juniper. The company bowed to Elliott's pressure for cost cuts and share buybacks, unveiling plans to return at least $3 billion to shareholders and to reduce $160 million in expenses.
Vettel qualified second, 0.051s behind Lewis Hamilton, and radioed on his in-lap – “I had it, I had it” – after he ran wide at the final chicane, locking up and missing the first apex.
He had been ahead of Hamilton over the majority of the lap.
“I've been coming here a long time, so many laps, and still the last chicane is a tricky one for me,” he rued. “First Q3 run I wasn't entirely happy, I knew there was more.
“The second one was really good until that final chicane, it was really close. Well done to Lewis.”
Engine swap “miracle”
Vettel also paid tribute to his Ferrari mechanics, who changed his car's engine between FP3 and qualifying, and survived a scare in Q1 when the team told him to stop the car due to an issue.
“A big thank you to the team, because we had to change the engine last minute and the car was just about finished, so today is really for the mechanics – also from Kimi's car that helped out, grazie,” he said.
“Unbelievable, they did an engine change sub two hours. If you ever see the car stripped, there's a lot of bits and bobs that needs to be reconnected. It's a miracle that they got me out.
“It would have been nice to get them the pole, but hopefully we can do well tomorrow.”
On the subject of Ferrari's upgrades for Barcelona, Vettel said he was happy with the development progress that the team had made.
“We have [upgrades] as well, some things you can see, some things you can't,” he said. “Sometimes upgrades are more flashy than others, but the car is good.
“I felt yesterday we had it in the car. Today we could extract it, and there was maybe a tiny bit more. Much better in terms of feel today.”
Rose Marie Picklo (born May 8, 1994) is a resident of Minneapolis, Minnesota. In September, 2017 she became infamous after being arrested and jailed for exposing her breasts or flashing a seven year old boy at a Minnesota United soccer game. [4]
Facebook profile photo of Rose with an I support DACA sticker
Politics
Rose Picklo has expressed opposition to the policies Donald Trump and other Republican Party (US) politicians. Rose considers herself a Feminist and is a supporter of the pro-choice movement. She is also a supporter of DACA, Black Lives Matter, and Planned Parenthood. [3]
Career
Rose Marie Picklo has been a Quality Assurance Lead at the Fair State Brewing Cooperative since June, 2017 in Northeast, Minneapolis. She previously interned for the cooperative in Microbiology and Brewery during college. [2]
Rose with barrels of beer at the Fair State Brewing Cooperative where she does Quality assurance [3]
While studying at Microbiology at the University of Minnesota she worked as a Lab Assistant at the school's Blazar Lab from January-July, 2016. In this role she used a mouse colony curator and performed radiations for bone marrow transplant research. She also followed stringent IACUC protocols, set up matings and weanings, and cared for mice. [2]
From September-December, 2015 Rose Picklo worked as a Circle Facilitator for the University of Minnesota's College of Biological Sciences. In this role she leads a bi-monthly discussion among upperclassmen in CBS about mental health and stress management. From August-December, 2015 Rose worked as Teaching Assistant for the university's Social Challenges in Genetics (GCD2002) course. [2]
Education
Rose Picklo graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2016 with a Bachelor of Science in Microbiology. While pursuing her degree Rose published a paper titled "Oxidative Stress in PGE2 Treated H9c2 Cardiomyocytes". [48] Rose Picklo was involved in the university's Microbiology Club and the Alpha Sigma Kappa-Women in Technical Studies sorority. While at the university she took courses including Microbial Disease, Microbial Genetics, Microbial Physiology, and Diversity- Lecture & Lab. Rose also achieved a certification from the National Institutes of Health covering blood-borne pathogens, chemical safety, chemical waste, research safety, radiation safety and biosafety in the laboratory [2]
Rose Picklo previously attended Grand Forks Central High School in Grand Forks, North Dakota. In high school Rose held leadership roles in orchestra, forensics, National Honor Society and student council. She also participated in science bowl, debate, student congress, swimming and soccer. She also volunteered as a youth soccer coach and at Altru Healthcare. [2]
Volunteering
In December, 2015 during college Rose Picklo volunteered with the University of Minnesota's Microbiology club to talk to third graders at Westwood Elementary School about microbes by discussing the flu and diarrhea. She volunteered at Weaver High School helping third grade students with their science exploration day in November, 2014. In October, 2014 Rose volunteered at the CSE Family Fun Fair held at the University of Minnesota College of Science and Engineering to host displays and hands-on activities for children interested in STEAM. [2]
During high school Rose Picklo volunteered as a children's Soccer Coach at Sunflake Soccer from April-November, 2011. [2]
Arrest
Mugshot of Rose Picklo after her arrest
On September 23, 2017 Rose Picklo was arrested and kicked out of TCF Stadium topless by police and charged with exposing herself in front of a 7-year-old boy and others in the stands during a Minnesota United game. [4]
Rose M. Picklo, of Minneapolis, was charged Monday in Hennepin County District Court with indecent exposure and indecent exposure in front of a child, a gross misdemeanor. Picklo, 23, was jailed Saturday night and released two days later on $1,000 bond. [7] [4]
If convicted of the gross misdemeanor charge, Picklo faces a maximum penalty of one year behind bars and/or a $3,000. Her first court appearance is slated for Oct. 9. [6]
In an interview, Picklo said, “I don't remember a whole lot about what happened.” She also acknowledged being “little bit tipsy” and “on my third beer” at the time. [4]
According to the criminal complaint and a police incident report filed that night: Officers were alerted to Picklo exposing “her bare breasts in a section full of people” during the Minnesota United game on the University of Minnesota campus. The 7-year-old pointed out to his mother the half-naked woman standing near them. [4]
The boy's mother, Tori Hintzman, said in an interview that she told her son, “Don't look. Just watch the game. That's what we're here for.” [4]
Hintzman added that it was very warm that night and a couple of men in that part of the stands also were bare-chested.
University police repeatedly ordered Picklo to put her shirt back on, threatening arrest, but she refused. Instead, Picklo held a beer in one hand and a cellphone in the other and “was filming the incident.” Picklo told the Star Tribune on Tuesday that she was directing her camera toward the officers and not on herself. [4]
Picklo continued to argue even after officers told her she'd be arrested if she didn't cover herself, the complaint states.
After two female officers put Picklo in handcuffs, she refused to walk and sat on the ground. The officers then had to carry Picklo to the processing center. After that, she was booked into Hennepin County Jail. [6]
AA promises near-normal operation Wednesday
Passenger numbers swell at the American Airlines check-in counter at Los Angeles International Airport on Tuesday, April 16, 2013. Computer problems forced American Airlines to ground flights across the country. (Photo11: Nick Ut, AP)
American Airlines has resumed at least some flights after a computer glitch forced it to ground all of its flights for several hours Tuesday.
A slow resumption of flights came shortly after 5 p.m. ET, but American warned "we expect continued flight delays and cancellations throughout the remainder of the day."
American Airlines is promising to run a near-normal operation on Wednesday, according to AP.
More than 730 flights on American and regional affiliate American Eagle had been canceled as of 4:15 p.m. ET, according to flight-tracking service FlightAware. An additional 738 American flights were delayed today because of the glitch.
ALSO ONLINE: American Airlines to expand LAX hub
"This is a major outage for American and is the longest flight disruption as a result of a failure of an airline's back-end technology in recent history," FlightAware CEO Daniel Baker says to Today in the Sky. "It is likely to affect over 125,000 travelers today and tomorrow. United had a few similar outages last year, some as a result of the Continental/United merger and related technology fallout, but none were nearly as long as this" problem, which lasted more than five hours.
FlightAware says most of the AA's delays and cancellations have come on flights to or from AA's main hub at Dallas/Fort Worth, though Chicago O'Hare, Miami and New York LaGuardia had also seen significant problems.
Even once flights resume, Baker estimated that about 800 additional American and American Eagle flights "will be indirectly impacted by planes and crews out of place."
At American, the airline encouraged fliers with flexible schedules to put off travel.
"If your travel plans are flexible, there will be no charge if you would like to change your reservation and we will provide full refunds if your travel plans are not flexible," Huguely said in a statement to Today in the Sky.
LOCAL COVERAGE: Updates from The Dallas Morning News
American provided additional information on how it planned to accommodate waylaid fliers. In a statement, the airline said:
If customers must travel today and are already at the airport, they can rebook on another airline by visiting an American Airlines agent or by going to the other airline's ticket counter with their electronic ticket number. If customers secure a flight on another airline, then American will refund the cost of the ticket and reimburse customers for any fare difference between the original fare and the new ticket.
If customers must travel today and are not yet at the airport, they can rebook through American Airlines reservations or through another carrier and American will honor the fare difference.
If a customer chooses not to travel today, there will be no charge for reservation changes or a full refund will be provided.
Earlier in the day however, reports and photos of long lines at American's check-in counters poured in from across the country via both social media and traditional news outlets.
At American's hub in Miami, The Miami Herald reports that landing AA flights had run out of available gates since none of the airline's departures were taking off.
A passenger on one of those flights — 66-year-old Richard Bell — tells the Herald he had been stuck on an AA flight arriving from Baltimore. He told the newspaper that the aircraft's engines were running and that the air conditioning was working. But he also said the flight's pilots come over the public address system to warn fliers that some other systems were not functioning.
THE MIAMI HERALD: Flights grounded following reservations system failure at AA
"He mentioned the toilet specifically as a problem,'' Bell tells the Herald.
NBC 4 of Los Angeles showed a filled-to-the-brim seating area at one of American's gates at Los Angeles International, while the Los Angeles Times shows a number of Tweets from passengers affected by the disruption.
American had been having "intermittent " problems throughout the day, but announced at 2:38 p.m. ET that it was grounding all flights in an effort to resolve the problem.
American initially appeared to blame the crash on a crash of the Sabre reservations system. However, AA eventually backtracked, saying via Twitter that "the issue is (with) our ability to access our res system" and not with Sabre itself.
The carrier, the USA's third-biggest, first warned customers of the problems via Twitter at 12:30 p.m. ET.
"American's reservation system is experiencing intermittent outages," AA spokeswoman Andrea Huguely said in a 1:50 p.m. ET e-mail to Today in the Sky. "We're working to resolve the issue as quickly as we can. We apologize to our customers for any inconvenience."
Once the scale of the problems became evident, American requested a Federal Aviation Administration ground-top for flights on American and American Eagle.
Speaking to USA TODAY after a Senate hearing, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said AA requested the ground stop based on their operations and concerns about the company's computers.
"It was requested on their end," Huerta said. "It was a problem with their computer system."
"They requested the ground stop based on their operational needs, based on their computer systems," Huerta said.
Contributing: Bart Jansen
TWITTER: You can follow me at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/15ix6j1
Why should you be bound by your Kindle's restraints? If you've got the know-how your Kindle can be a virtual newspaper, its own reading light, compatible with a Bluetooth keyboard, and can even run Linux. Read on to see how, and prepare to bin that warranty.
Now we should state from the start that tinkering with your gear will invalidate your warranty, and unless you know what you're doing, could actually damage your Kindle, so do at your own risk. But speaking to the Seattle Times back in 2007, Charlie Tritschler, director of Kindle, admitted that while Amazon wasn't opening up the Kindle for users to tweak, “all devices can be hacked. That's something people can do.” When asked if there would be APIs and software developers to write Kindle applications, he said, “That's an important future direction for us.”
Well some hackers didn't want to wait, and so got busy with their Kindles. Here are 10 of the best hacks.
1. Bluetooth keyboard
Hacker Darron was fed up using a keyboard with keys the size of Tic Tacs, and so set about hooking up a wireless QWERTY to his Kindle DX for easier typing. He attached a Sparkfun Bluetooth Mate under the back cover, and modified it to take only 3.3 volts instead of the 4 coming off the Kindle to stop it from overloading. And hey presto – typing with a full size wireless keyboard straight onto your Kindle.
2. Reading light
The beauty of e-ink is that it looks natural and is as easy on the eyes as a regular printed page because of the lack of backlight. The downside is that you can't read in the dark unless you're willing to spend on a portable light. Or, as another hacker did, you could make your own. Using the power from the pockets in the top of the Kindle (they run the regular clip-on lamps you can buy), he attached his own brass hooks mounted on a piece of basswood. Then he housed the LEDs in another piece of basswood; these draw their power from the hooks and illuminate the screen. And there you have it, minimal expenditure required.
3. Use your own screen savers
If you'd like your favourite album cover, or a family photo as your screensaver on your Kindle, all you need to do is jailbreak it with a .zip file, then run an update. Then simply connect the Kindle to your computer, and drag which photos you'd like as screen savers into the folder that the hack has created. You'll need to restart then, either using the auto reboot feature, or by just restarting manually. You can even set your screen savers to random – just create a blank file called random in the linkss folder and then do a full restart.
4. Use your own fonts
Another one from Mobileread. Again, your Kindle will need to be jailbroken, unplugged, then restarted. Upload fonts from the hack into the linkfonts/fonts directory, restart, and you'll have a load more fonts to choose from, making reading that much more interesting than thousands of words in Times New Roman.
5. Web browsing over USB
This is a pretty strange hack for the second generation Kindle, but quite cool nonetheless. There's actually a debug setting that enables browsing over USB, so you'll need to hook your Kindle up to your Mac and then you can use the internet on it using your computer's connection. It's the work of renowned Kindle hacker Jesse Vincent. And it's slightly pointless, we know, as it'd make much more sense to use your computer for the internet, but still, always fun to experiment with these things.
6. Virtual newspaper
Yes, you can use the Kindle 3's improved browser as news feed thanks to Google Reader, as Wired reader Ron Winters pointed out. Open the browser, start Google Reader, and hit ‘right' cursor to enter the news articles. Then just press ‘f' to enter full screen mode and turn your Kindle into a personalised virtual newspaper, scrolling through pages using the page turn buttons. Which, in our view, beats The Daily hands down.
7. Kindle 2 ePub and PDF support
The Kindle now supports PDFs but still not ePub documents, but back before even PDFs were a possibility, Jesse Vincent wanted to expand his Kindle's abilities. He wrote a program called Savory that converts DRM files on the fly from PDF and ePub and Mobipocket, so they're readable on the second generation Kindle. But as ever, there is a risk, so beware of you download it. As Vincent says on his website: “Installing Savory or any other third-party update on your Kindle may destroy your Kindle. If that happens, you will have a $360 paper weight. DO NOT INSTALL SAVORY UNLESS YOU'RE WILLING TO END UP WITH A DEAD KINDLE.” So that's pretty clear then.
8. Linux Ubuntu
My, hasn't Jesse Vincent been busy with his Kindle 2. Not content with making it compatible with ePub and PDFs, or getting online on it using his computer's internet connection, he also installed a version of the open source Linux operating system. And again, he used the debug mode to do it. This opens up the Kindle to all sorts of possibilities to take third party applications; just don't expect iPad-like performance from its specs.
9. Kindle DRM broken
Fed up with the kind of DRM last seen on iTunes, hacker I Love Cabbages came up with a program called unswindle which removes the Kindle's rights restrictions, letting you do what you want with your e-books, such as read them on a different device. unswindle converts Amazon e-books into the open Mobipocket format, effectively making them DRM-free, as opposed to Savory which just makes readable previously unreadable formats.
10. Ebook Text Formatter
If you like reading long pages from the web, this is the hack for you. It reformats web pages so they're easier to read on the Kindle, reformatting paragraph breaks, replaces html tags with white space, etc., so they look a lot more like text from a book. Check out the Blog Kindle for full instructions and a download.
Editor: New 'Cosmo' Woman Is 'Interested In Mascara And The Middle East'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Geana/Splash News/Corbis Alex Geana/Splash News/Corbis
For generations of young women, Cosmopolitan magazine has meant one thing: sex. Before the Internet, it was the place to go to get advice on things that weren't discussed in polite company — essentially, how to please your man and look fabulous doing it.
That's until Joanna Coles became editor and decided to give the Cosmo woman a makeover. Since Coles took over two years ago, the magazine has had some notable firsts. In May, Cosmo received, for the first time in its history, a prestigious national magazine award for a 12-page piece on contraception; and the magazine is diving headfirst into politics, endorsing political candidates for the first time.
Coles joined NPR's Rachel Martin to discuss recent changes at the magazine.
Interview Highlights
On the magazine's decision to start covering politics and issues like birth control
One of the things Cosmo feels really strongly about is we need more women candidates running, and we need more women across the parties in D.C. We've seen what the men are up to, and it appears to be not very much. There's total gridlock in Washington. And I'm a big believer in you just have to have a seat at the table.
toggle caption Cosmopolitan
And I don't like that contraception is called, or labeled as, a women's issue. Contraception is a couple's issue. Men like having sex, too, and men don't want to have a baby every time they have sex. In fact, if you presented them with that option, they would never want to have sex again. So I think it's important that we frame this in terms of both men and women. And, I think, it's also been seen as a specifically Democratic issue. And we have a lot of young Republican readers who feel that they want access to contraception. They want to control when they have a baby. And, for a woman, when she has a child is the single most important economic decision she'll ever make in her life, and we want her to have a choice over that.
On the magazine's November cover, which shows an actress in a white shirt that's unbuttoned to the waist
We have a wonderful picture of Emily Ratajkowski, who is the mistress in Gone Girl, on the cover. And inside, we have six or seven pictures of her showing off her magnificently toned body. And I love the headline, which is: "I Feel Lucky That I Can Wear What I Want, Sleep With Who I Want And Dance How I Want And Still Be A Feminist."
On the message it sends to have a revealing photo on the cover of an issue that also discusses negotiating a raise
I don't think anyone would suggest that you negotiate for a raise with your shirt undone to your waist. But I think that she is being very handsomely paid for Gone Girl. ... I think that women's lives are multilayered. I have no problem understanding that women are interested in mascara and the Middle East. Men are allowed to talk about sports relentlessly, and yet we still take them seriously. I don't understand why women can't talk about fashion, or sex, or love, or wanting more money and not be taken as seriously as men.
Men are allowed to talk about sports relentlessly, and yet we still take them seriously. I don't understand why women can't talk about fashion, or sex, or love, or wanting more money and not be taken as seriously as men.
On what draws women to Cosmo
I was very surprised by the tremendous affection people have for Cosmo — especially slightly older women who grew up reading Cosmo and who owed a lot of their knowledge about sex to Cosmo. There's always the sense in which people nod-nod wink-wink, "Oh, I found out about orgasms through Cosmo!" which is what Gayle King told me. So, there is this sense in which Cosmo, for a lot of women, has had a really central role in their life.
And younger women like it because it's funny, but they also know that it's got their back. It really does care about whether or not they've got the confidence to ask for a raise. And it really does care that they know which protection to use to make sure that they can have fun having sex without getting pregnant.
On how the Cosmo woman is doing today
I think the Cosmo woman is doing pretty well today. There are a lot of them going to college, although they are saddled with college debt, which is a problem. But I think that young women today feel that so much more is possible for them than, certainly, 30 years ago when I was growing up. And I think they look around and, although there are still very few female leaders in American business and there's still not enough women in government, it does make a difference to see Sheryl Sandberg at Facebook or Marissa Mayer at Yahoo. It's really important that we have these role models so women feel, "I, too, can do this," if they want to. I'm not saying everybody has to run a boardroom, of course not. But if you want to run your own business, you should be able to. We want to give you the tools and the psychological kind of input to be able to do that.
Verizon has confirmed to AppleInsider that the carrier will indeed be offering the iPhone 5 for just $100, but only to select customers as a promotional effort to encourage smartphone adoption.
A Verizon representative contacted AppleInsider to clarify the carrier's iPhone 5 pricing. The $100 pricing is not a deal that will be extended to all Verizon customers. It is, instead, an offer for specific customers that are off-contract or within two months of the end of their contract with a featurephone."It's a promotion," the spokesperson told AppleInsider. "Many of these customers have indicated through usage or wireless purchase patterns that they'd be interested in moving to a smartphone, and this is an exciting price point with an exciting phone."The spokesperson confirmed to AppleInsider that this is not an offer that will be appearing on Verizon's site. Instead, it will be accessible only through the Verizon pages of eligible featurephone customers.Meanwhile, another source has provided AppleInsider with additional materials that may reveal how Verizon will go about offering the upgrade to featurephone customers. It would appear that the carrier will give the $100 discount via a bill credit for upgrading customers, according to what looks to be a pair of internal communications documents.Additionally, Verizon may be offering customers upgrading from a featurephone to an iPhone 4S a $50 credit. The documents indicate that this will be a limited time offer beginning on May 15 and running through June 30, 2013. The bill credit, according to the documents, will be applied to customers' accounts within 45 days.One document, which looks to be part of a PowerPoint presentation, notes that the offer will target 6.1 million customers. That makes up about six percent of Verizon's total customer base.AppleInsider attempted to verify the accuracy of these documents, and a representative for the carrier was unable to do so.On Wednesday morning, Verizon appeared to have jumped the gun on its website , posting the 16-gigabyte iPhone 5 for just $99.99 with the activation of a two-year contract. The price listing was visible for only a short time before reverting to the normal price point, but AppleInsider tipster Nicholas managed to grab a screenshot clearly showing the lower price.AppleInsider contacted Verizon for a response, but a representative for the carrier said that it does not respond to rumors.The iPhone 5 usually sells for $199 on Verizon with a two-year contract. Recent weeks, though, have seen rumors that the carrier was preparing to lop $100 off the cost of Apple's latest smartphone.A $100 price point would give Verizon  the United States' largest carrier  the lowest-costing iPhone 5 in the nation. Sprint also offers the opportunity to get an iPhone 5 for $100, but that is only after a $100 discount for porting an existing phone number to Sprint. T-Mobile debuted the iPhone 5 last month on its network for $99, but that introductory offer has since ended, and the Apple handset now costs $149.Verizon sold four million iPhones  half of which were iPhone 5s  in the most recent quarter, more than half the carrier's smartphone activations for the quarter and about one out of every nine iPhones sold worldwide. That figure was down from the holiday quarter, when Verizon sold 6.2 million iPhones , of which half were iPhone 5 units.
How the US media begins the process of 'normalising' Donald Trump; plus, reporting the rise of the right in Germany.
On The Listening Post this week: The US media begins the process of 'normalising' Donald Trump; plus, we look at Germany's media trust issues and the challenges of reporting the rise of the right.
Normalising Trump: The US media whitewash
Normalisation - it's the new buzzword in post-election American journalism. Is this softening of media criticism designed to give the president-elect a chance, or is it a self-serving media push to mend fences and ensure access to the Trump White House?
Talking us through the story are: Ryan Grim, Washington bureau chief, The Huffington Post; John Doyle, TV critic, The Globe and Mail; Mike Cernovich, author and filmmaker; Sarah Kendzior, the author of The View From Flyover Country; and Kurt Bardella, president, Endeavor Strategies and former spokesman, Breitbart.
On our radar
Six years since allegations of rape against Julian Assange, the Swedish prosecutors can finally hear his side of the story.
Two journalists in Myanmar could face a lengthy prison time, having run afoul of Aung San Suu Kyi's government.
Kurdish channels operating from Europe, which were suspended at the request of Turkey's regulator, are ordered to be brought back on the air by a Parisian court.
Germany's media trust issues
What started out as the media's enthusiastic telling of a feel-good story about integration has morphed into a tale of the waning trust Germans have in their news media. Many Germans see their press corps shifting from journalism to activism. Is it the media's role to counter the populist rhetoric fuelling the country's right-wing revival?
The Listening Post's Marcela Pizarro reports on the media's role and the challenges of reporting the rise of the far right in Germany.
Source: Al Jazeera
Think you're not affected by the massive hack of 500 million Yahoo accounts? Think again.
Just because you don't have a Yahoo email account doesn't mean you're off the hook.
There are plenty of other types of accounts that put users at risk.
Play fantasy sports on Yahoo Sports?
Post pictures on Flickr?
Blog on Tumblr?
Or maybe you just stopped using your Yahoo email years ago.
Related: Yahoo says 500 million accounts stolen
If so, you might be a hacking victim, according to a leading Internet security expert.
"There are lots of people, millions of people, who don't understand they have a Yahoo account," said Per Thorsheim, a global cybersecurity expert based in Norway.
The hack, disclosed by Yahoo on Thursday, was allegedly committed by a "state-sponsored actor" on behalf of a foreign government, according to the company. It said the breach occurred in 2014.
Much of the attention to the hack focused on current Yahoo email users. But Thorsheim said one of his big concerns is that many people don't realize they have other accounts that put their information -- including names, email addresses, telephone numbers and birthdays -- in jeopardy.
Yahoo (YHOO) hasn't given out much information as to which accounts were hacked. And spokespeople didn't answer questions about whether specific services such as fantasy sports accounts were included in the hack.
Related: What to do if your Yahoo account was hacked
Thorsheim said the other issue is that there are probably millions of people who have forgotten about a Yahoo email account they used to have. What they don't realize is that it's still active and their information is still associated with it.
"The idea that 'I don't use that account any more, I don't have to worry about it.' - in most cases, unfortunately that's wrong," he said. "If you have an account that you don't use, you should delete it. But very few people do that. I'm guilty of not doing that myself."
The executive board of the UN's cultural agency ratified Friday a resolution that identifies Israel as "the occupying power" in Jerusalem and calls on it to rescind any move changing the city's "character and status."
The resolution had been passed by a UNESCO commission on Tuesday, sparking anger in Israel.
The text, approved at UNESCO headquarters, denounces "all legislative and administrative measures and actions taken by Israel, the occupying power, which have altered or purport to alter the character and status of the Holy City of Jerusalem."
It said such moves were "null and void and must be rescinded forthwith".
It particularly criticised Israel's annexation of east Jerusalem after occupying it in 1967, a move that remains unrecognised by the international community.
The resolution had been passed on Tuesday by 22 votes to 10, with 23 abstentions.
It drew the ire of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who responded this week by cutting his country's UN funding by $1 million.
Saying the resolution denies Jews' historical connection with Jerusalem, Netanyahu called the move "absurd" and said "this systemic harassment has a price."
It was the third time in recent months Israel reduced its UN budget over what it considers anti-Israel votes, putting the 2017 payments at $3.7 million instead of the original $11 million, an Israeli official said.
Israel had already locked horns with UNESCO in October, when the agency's World Heritage Committee adopted a resolution voicing concern about threats to the city from Israeli building works and archaeological excavations.
Netanyahu recalled his UNESCO envoy for consultations.
Israel considers all of Jerusalem its undivided capital, but the Palestinians want the eastern part, including the Old City, as the capital of a future state.
U.S. President Donald Trump knew for weeks that national security adviser Michael Flynn had misled the White House about his contacts with Russia, but did not immediately force him out, an administration spokesman said on Tuesday.
Trump was informed in late January that Flynn had not told Vice-President Mike Pence the whole truth about conversations he had with Russia's ambassador to the United States before Trump took office, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said.
Flynn quit on Monday after Trump asked for his resignation, Spicer said. "The issue pure and simple came down to a matter of trust," Spicer told reporters.
The departure was another disruption for an administration already repeatedly distracted by miscues and internal dramas since the Republican businessman assumed the presidency on Jan. 20.
The New York Times reported late on Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign and other associates had contact with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the Nov. 8 presidential election, although U.S. officials told the newspaper they had not uncovered any evidence that Trump's associates colluded to disrupt the election.
The Kremlin denounced the report early Wednesday in Moscow.
"Let's not believe anonymous information," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters, noting that the newspaper's sources were unnamed. "It's a newspaper report which is not based on any facts."
U.S. lawmakers, including some leading Republicans, called for a deeper inquiry into not just Flynn's actions but broader White House ties to Russia. Trump has long said that he would like improved relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives intelligence committee, said Trump only moved against Flynn because of media attention to the issue, and not because of concern at any wrongdoing by the former lieutenant-general.
"The reason they lost faith or trust in Gen. Flynn only last night when they knew for weeks that he had been lying was that it became public," Schiff told MSNBC.
Democratic Senator Chris Coons asked why Flynn was allowed to remain in his post for so long after the White House was warned of the potential for blackmail.
Representative Adam Schiff says Flynn's resignation was because the public learned about his conversations with Russia. (Alex Wong/Getty Images)
"This isn't just about what happened with Gen. Flynn," Coons told MSNBC. "What did President Trump know? What did the president know and when did he know it?" Coons said, echoing a question made famous by the Watergate scandal, which forced President Richard Nixon to resign in 1974.
A timeline of events outlined by Spicer and a U.S. official showed that Trump had known for weeks about Flynn misleading the vice-president.
Trump, a former reality TV star whose catchphrase was "You're fired!" has often boasted of his eagerness to get rid of subordinates. But he was not quick to fire Flynn, a strong advocate of better relations with Russia and a hard line against Islamist militants.
An issue of trust
The Justice Department warned the White House in late January that Flynn had misled Pence by denying to him that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, a potentially illegal act, a U.S. official said.
Flynn did talk about sanctions with the diplomat, whose calls were recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, the official said. But Pence went on television in mid-January and denied that Flynn had discussed sanctions.
Spicer stressed that the administration believed there was no legal problem with Flynn's conversations with Kislyak, but rather an issue over the president's trust in his adviser.
U.S. national security adviser Flynn quits after giving 'incomplete information' to VP Pence about discussions with Russian ambassador 2:09
He said the Justice Department sought to notify the White House counsel on Jan. 26. about the discrepancies in Flynn's accounts.
"The White House counsel informed the president immediately. The president asked them to commit a review of whether there was a legal situation there. That was immediately determined there wasn't. That was what the president believed at the time from what he had been told and he was proved to be correct," Spicer told reporters.
"We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," he said.
Flynn's conversations with the ambassador took place around the time that then president Barack Obama imposed sanctions on Russia, charging that Moscow had used cyberattacks to try to influence the 2016 presidential election in Trump's favour.
Flynn's discussions with the Russian diplomat could potentially violate a law, known as the Logan Act, banning private citizens from negotiating with foreign governments about disputes or controversies with the United States. However, nobody has been prosecuted in modern times under the law, which dates from 1799.
Democrats, who do not have control of Congress, clamoured for probes into Flynn, and asked how much Trump knew about his connections to Russia.
Calls for investigation
House Speaker Paul Ryan deferred to the White House to explain the circumstances around Flynn's departure on Monday. (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press)
U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer called for an investigation of potential criminal violations surrounding the resignation of Flynn and said senior Trump administration officials should face tough questions.
Schumer said any probe could not be led by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions or White House lawyers.
Two leading Republicans in the Senate, Bob Corker and John Cornyn, said the intelligence committee should investigate Flynn's contacts with Russia.
But the highest-ranking Republican in Congress, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, sidestepped questions about whether lawmakers should look into Flynn's Russia ties, adding that he would leave it to the Trump administration to explain the circumstances behind Flynn's departure.
A broader investigation of the White House and its ties to Russia is not possible without the co-operation either of the Justice Department or the Republican-led Congress.
Russia's aggression in Ukraine and Syria and Republican congressional opposition to removing sanctions on Russia make any White House attempt to embrace Putin problematic.
Senator John McCain, a leading Republican voice on foreign relations, said Flynn's resignation raised questions about the administration's intentions toward Putin's Russia.
Paris Saint-Germain forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic has revealed he would relish the chance to play for Bayern Munich before he retires.
The outspoken Swede has been touted for a return to AC Milan this summer, with president Silvio Berlusconi admitting only last weekend that he still wants to sign the striker despite the arrivals of Luiz Adriano and Carlos Bacca.
Ibrahimovic, however, has claimed he has one eye on playing in the Bundesliga before he retires and telegraphed his interest in the German champions specifically.
Article continues below ...
"It's certainly a league that fascinates me. Maybe one day I could play there, I still have time," the 33-year-old told 11Freunde. "If I went to Germany, I'd have to play for Bayern. They're one of the five best teams in the world."
Any prospective deal to take Ibrahimovic to the Allianz Arena would be complicated by Josep Guardiola's position as head coach, however, given the turbulent relationship between the duo during their time at Barcelona.
The former Inter forward's current contract at Parc des Princes expires in the summer of 2016.
FOXSoccer.com and Goal.com have teamed up to bring you the best in world soccer coverage. Visit Goal.com, and follow them on Twitter and Facebook.
More from Goal.com:
Goal Posts – Daily LIVE soccer blog
Goal.com's Transfer Rumors
Image copyright Kathy Niakan Image caption The genetic machinery needed to modify the DNA is injected into the embryo
The blueprint for life - DNA - has been altered in human embryos for the first time in the UK.
The team at the Francis Crick Institute are unravelling the mysteries of the earliest moments of life.
Understanding what happens after a sperm fertilises an egg could lead to ways of improving IVF or explain why some women miscarry.
The embryos were modified shortly after fertilisation and allowed to develop for seven days.
The researchers are exploring one of the most astounding of transformations.
We have all journeyed from a single fertilised egg to a human being - built from myriad different tissues ranging from bone to those needed to read this page.
The first few steps on that journey are as critical as they are poorly understood.
Image copyright Kathy Niakan Image caption The embryo divides and develops from a single fertilised egg (top left) to a blastocyst (bottom right)
Breakthroughs in manipulating DNA have allowed the team at the Crick to turn off a gene - a genetic instruction - suspected to be of vital importance.
The easiest way of working out how something works is to remove it and see what happens.
So the researchers used the gene-editing tool Crispr-Cas9 to scour the billions of letters of genetic code, find their genetic target and break the DNA to effectively disable it.
They were targeting a gene. You are unlikely to have heard of it, but OCT4 is a superstar in early embryo development.
Its complete role is not understood but it acts like an army general issuing commands to keep development on track.
The researchers used 41 embryos that had been donated by couples who no longer needed them for IVF.
After performing the genetic modification, the team could watch how the embryos developed without OCT4.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption In a first for UK scientists, human embryos have been genetically modified.
Over the course of the first seven days, a healthy, normal embryo goes from one cell to about 200. It also goes through the first steps of organising itself and handing out specialised jobs to different cells.
The embryo forms a hollow sphere called a blastocyst, with some cells destined to go on to form the placenta, some the yolk sac and others, ultimately, us.
But without OCT4 the blastocyst cannot form. It tries - but implodes in on itself.
From the embryo's perspective it is a disaster but for scientists it has given unprecedented insight.
Image copyright Kathy Niakan Image caption The cells coloured green in the blastocyst have high levels of OCT4 and are the ones that go on to form the human body
It is the first time human embryos have been edited to answer questions about fundamental biology.
Dr Kathy Niakan, a group leader at the Crick in London, told the BBC: "When it seemed it was working we were quite excited about the possibility that this would open up.
"This is basic research which is providing us with a foundation of knowledge about early human development."
By deepening understanding of the earliest moments in life, it could help explain what goes wrong in infertility.
During IVF, of 100 fertilised eggs, fewer than 50 reach the blastocyst stage, 25 implants into the womb and only 13 develop beyond three months.
This study alone, published in the journal Nature, cannot explain what is going wrong or why some women miscarry.
But by interrogating all the genes suspected of playing a role in our inception, it could lead to new advances.
Image copyright crick institute Image caption Dr Kathy Niakan in the Crick laboratories where the embryos were modified
Dr Niakan told the BBC: "If we knew the key genes for an embryo to develop successfully that would, I would hope in the future, lead to improvements in IVF technology and give us really important insights into why some pregnancies fail."
One option for IVF is to have a better way of testing which embryos are going to be successful.
Or it may be possible to boost embryos during IVF by growing them in a different culture media - a fertiliser for fertilised eggs.
Ethical debate
These experiments have been legal since 2008 in the UK, where it is possible to manipulate such embryos for 14 days as long as they are not implanted.
But while this application of the technology is answering fundamental questions of science, other research groups are trying to remove genes that cause disease.
That is provoking deep ethical debate.
Dr Sarah Chan, a bioethicist at the University of Edinburgh, told the BBC: "I don't think this study should raise any ethical concerns.
"It is very clear that the aim of the research was basic science and that there was never any intention to create genetically modified human beings.
"That said if we could one day use gene editing in human embryos for medical purposes, the potential benefits could be huge, but before we took such a step we would want to make sure that we'd had a really robust and wide-ranging public dialogue on all of the ethical issues involved."
Dr Rob Buckle, the chief science officer at the UK Medical Research Council, said: "Genome editing technologies are having a game-changing effect on our ability to understand the function of critical human genes.
"As genome editing techniques develop it's vital that this work continues within a robust yet adaptable regulatory framework so that its full potential can be realised in a scientific, ethical and legally rigorous way."
Follow James on Twitter.
Mark Scheifele may have a sore jaw with all the smiling he's been doing these days.
The 18-year-old centre was beaming again Monday after signing an entry-level contract with the Winnipeg Jets.
"I'm definitely very pumped," Scheifele said. "To sign an NHL contract has been a dream of mine and to get a chance to play in a regular-season game is unbelievable.
"I want to be there so bad and I want to work my hardest and I'm going to really give it my all every practice, every off-ice workout, every game."
The Jets have nine games to decide whether to keep this year's first-round draft pick (seventh overall) or send the Kitchener, Ont., native back for a second year of junior with the Ontario Hockey League's Barrie Colts.
Winnipeg general manager Kevin Cheveldayoff said Scheifele has potential, but how long he sticks with the big club is up in the air.
"Right now, there really are no expectations," he said.
"He'll be in the lineup opening night [Sunday against the Montreal Canadiens] and we'll take it day by day in those regards. There are no guarantees of anything."
Scheifele's pre-season was a memorable one. He had two goals and two assists in his first game and wound up with four goals (including three on the power play) and eight points in five games. That was good for second place in NHL pre-season scoring behind Dallas' Mike Ribeiro, who had two goals and 10 points.
Cheveldayoff did outline some things Scheifele will have to do to earn a long stay.
"I think he's got to show that he can continue on the path of consistency and show that he's physically mature," he said.
"This is still about development and the National Hockey League is a very tough league to develop in. He has to show that he's showing progression each and every time."
Scheifele quickly became a fan favourite during the pre-season. Fans chanted his name and at one game a young female wore a T-shirt that read "Every Day I'm Scheifelein."
"He has shown tremendous maturity with respect to how he's taken everything, but I think that's a testament to him, his parents, his upbringing," Cheveldayoff said.
"I know that when we met with him at the draft and we talked to him, he had a genuine sense of being a humble person. He loves to play the game, that smile on his face is very genuine. It's there all the time."
In his first season with the Barrie Colts, Scheifele led all rookies with 53 assists and added 22 goals for 75 points in 66 games.
After the season ended, he competed at the Under-18 World Championships and led Canada with six goals in seven games. He was also one of 46 players invited to Hockey Canada's national junior team development camp in August.
Jets head coach Claude Noel didn't speak to the media after Monday's practice, but he has praised Scheifele.
"I absolutely love the kid," Noel told reporters after his team's final pre-season game last Friday. "And I think our whole organization does.
"He scored again tonight. Look at the stats from the league. I've seen enough, let's put it that way, to know that over the course of games that I've watched him that he's an excellent player.
"And I don't only look at what he presents, such as skill and stuff like that, but it's his mind that's so sharp."
Jets captain Andrew Ladd said Monday he's available to help Scheifele on and off the ice.
"I think we're all excited for him today," Ladd said. "I think everyone's just been impressed with his maturity throughout the process.
"As a young player, you tend to be high and low and high and low. He's just kind of steady, just keeps going and keeps an even keel with his play."
That also includes Scheifele's play when he doesn't have the puck.
"Obviously, the offensive part of his game has been exceptional," Ladd said. "But the little things he does away from the puck is what has really stood out for me."
While the Jets' lines haven't been confirmed, Scheifele might start on the second line with third-year winger Evander Kane.
How removing caching improved mobile performance by 25%
Case Taintor Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 10, 2017
A colleague and I were looking at how our flagship product, Klarna Checkout, loads in the browser and contemplating ways to improve the performance. We decided that we wanted to defer some of the work the browser was doing until after the user could start interacting. In the process of changing this, we stumbled across a much bigger performance problem that had been lurking in our code.
First, some background. When a merchant loads Klarna Checkout, we end up creating two iframes — the ‘main' iframe which handles most of the user input and a ‘fullscreen' iframe which is used whenever we need a fullscreen modal popup. For most users, the fullscreen iframe isn't used until later in the process so we figured deferring the loading of it could give us a nice gain.
I wanted to find a way for us to get a reasonable idea of how much of an improvement this would make. I've personally become a bit obsessed with the idea that if developers (myself included) can easily see the performance effects of their change then they will incorporate performance concerns into their day-to-day, without needing to do much more than just showing them the data. Unfortunately, definitively tying an improvement to a specific change is often hard in web development because there are so many variables — network speed, device speed, browser efficiency, caching, etc etc. If only I could remove as many of those variables as possible, maybe we'd have something meaningful.
To do this, I needed to have mock responses for dynamic requests and consistent network latency for the static assets. I decided to make a sort of infinite bandwidth, low latency environment using PhantomJS. Although PhantomJS is not a browser used by any of our users, it's reasonable to expect that improvements seen in PhantomJS should translate to improvements in a normal browser which is ultimately all I wanted to know.
I wanted a script that I could run that would tell me how many milliseconds it takes for the site to be usable by a consumer. To enable that, I created the following setup using Docker:
I created a bootstrap.html page which loads Klarna Checkout in a similar way as production. I then created an NGINX docker image containing a locally compiled branch of code and updated the bootstrap.html to point to this container (named nginx.service) .
I then wrote the script below for PhantomJS to execute, using onResourceRequested() to rewrite any CDN URLs to instead load from the local NGINX. To calculate the loading time, I took advantage of events we send during the loading phase. I needed only two events:
bootstrap — signifies the beginning of the user's load.
— signifies the beginning of the user's load. ready — signifies that the user can start typing in details.
With all that set up, we were ready to compare our released code with code that deferred the loading of the fullscreen iframe. I ran my benchmark and saw a modest improvement, but the numbers were a bit inconsistent and it was unclear if I was seeing any statistically significant change. However, when my colleague ran it on his machine, he saw a quite dramatic improvement — over 50%! While trying to figure out why we were getting different results, we started echoing out all the files that were being downloaded and noticed that, even though we were deferring the fullscreen, some of the fullscreen-specific assets were still being downloaded. Curious.
if you don't look around, you'll miss the hidden treasure or… “Cache! Why did it have to be cached?” (credit: Yatir Keren)
We looked up a bit and saw manifest.appcache in the log of files being downloaded and noticed that the file size was different between us. I had heard that we had a ‘manifest file' but didn't really know much about it and figured it was largely optional, so I just said “let's see what happens if we remove it.” Boom, I start getting the same results as my colleague. What does this application cache manifest thing anyway?
The application cache is used for offline apps. You tell the browser what your app needs to be offline via a manifest, the browser downloads everything in the manifest, and the next time a user hits your page, the browser will first load the cached content before checking over the network if the manifest file has changed. My first question was why we were using it? My next question was what sort of priority does the manifest have and also… how did we not notice all these files being downloaded before?
So, why were we using it? Turns out the application cache was added a while ago to improve the performance of Klarna Checkout for native app integrations. However, it wasn't actually necessary since for our use case standard HTTP caching techniques already got us what we wanted — cached assets being loaded without going to the network. (Shameless plug — watch my talk on HTTP caching for a refresher.)
Next — how was this not noticed? Surely one of us would have noticed certain files being loaded a bit too opportunistically. My PhantomJS benchmarking tool had shown us that there was a problem and it was time to open up Chrome to understand more.
Turns out that Chrome doesn't really show you much about offline downloads. You can find which offline apps Chrome has stored by looking at chrome://appcache-internals . However, I still had questions about exactly how and when these files were downloaded and how the downloads affected potentially concurrent requests for the same assets from the HTML itself. This is when my new best friend chrome://net-internals came in handy.
Since application cache network traffic is missing from the Network tab, chrome://net-internals#events is the only place to see the traffic. Based largely off of an old bug report in Chrome, I discovered that I could:
Close all Chrome tabs to limit noise in the net-internals event stream Open an incognito window Go to chrome://net-internals/#capture , hit reset Open a new tab and go to my site Look at the network events in chrome://net-internals/#events
Sure enough, there I saw two URL_REQUESTs for every asset that was both in the manifest and part of the initial page download. I also saw a URL_REQUEST for assets which were only in the manifest. This confirmed that the browser was downloading assets for the application cache while also loading the normal page. It also confirmed that we were unknowingly downloading much more content than was necessary.
This was all pretty exciting! Our benchmarking effort had proven itself on the first try! We checked whether the performance impact of our changes was solely due to the application cache removal or if the fullscreen deferral also improved thing. On my machine, the application cache removal improved response time by half while the fullscreen deferral improved it by another 15%. w00t!
When we put the changes into production, they had a dramatic effect on Chrome Mobile especially, cutting load times by 25%. The other browsers also had an improvement, but it was more modest.
So, what did I learn?
Testing your assumptions through benchmarking can lead to surprising results and is worth the effort.
Never use the application cache (or service workers) unless you actually need offline features. Instead, believe in HTTP cache headers. (Even if you do need offline features, you should read this article first.)
chrome://net-internals is an extremely powerful tab that can help answer lots of questions you may have about how browser networking works, at a level a bit deeper than the Network tab allows. You can find some explanations about it here.
I hope to be adding this benchmarking to our automatic testing suite — wouldn't it be nice to see whether you've made things better or worse right in your pull request? This sounds like a great future blog post :)
How about you? Have you been burned by the application cache? How do you benchmark your applications to get an idea of performance before releasing?
Author's note 1: I'm still not entirely sure why my machine saw such a huge difference with and without the application cache while my colleagues did not. In his case, he sometimes had the awful performance I saw so I'm going to guess that it had something to do with my machine being newer and thus being able to get farther along in the load process before the ‘ready' event came in.
Author's note 2: in the process of writing this blog post, people pointed me to phantomas, which looks like something we should be adding to our development process.
COOKE: Was there anything like that happening here in Tokyo—like, even a few isolated people?
FUJIWARA: Nah, not really. Nobody really knew about it then, but people were interested very quickly—especially on the fashion side. But there really weren't what you'd call street kids in Tokyo at the time. Very quickly, the DJ scene started building up. Because before that, there were no DJs carrying their own bags of records—the clubs used to hire DJs, but the vinyl belonged to the club.
COOKE: So before that, being the DJ was just a job—like a bartender almost.
FUJIWARA: Exactly. Nobody was carrying their own records. Maybe I was the first one carrying my records to go to the club once a week or a few times a month.
COOKE: Malcolm McLaren told you that London was boring. But, as someone coming from Japan, did you actually think that London was boring?
FUJIWARA: No. It was really interesting, but it was very slow. Everything closed on Saturday and Sunday. The stores closed at 6 p.m., and if you missed, even by a few minutes, they wouldn't let you in. Even if you knew exactly what you wanted, they'd say, “No, no, come back tomorrow.”
COOKE: So it was not a convenience culture.
FUJIWARA: No. I was really surprised at that because everything was open on weekends in Tokyo.
COOKE: You stayed with some pretty interesting people in London.
FUJIWARA: Yes. I was 18 years old, first time in -London, and I was introduced by a friend from Japan called Hitomi [Okawa], who is behind the label Milk, to a group of people that included [director] John Maybury, Stephen Jones, [designer] David Holah, and Boy George. They were all pretty young. Culture Club was just beginning. Marilyn [the New Romantic pop singer] and Jeremy Healy from the band Haysi Fantayzee were there. Many people were sharing one apartment with many rooms. So I was in that community.
COOKE: The profiles of those people were pretty elevated at that time via style magazines like The Face and i-D—although they probably hadn't yet reached the level of international fame they achieved later.
FUJIWARA: They were really creative, those people. It had a real impact on me. The nightclubs like Camden Palace, Cha Cha's—you know, it was at Heaven. So there was that. And then the next thing that had a big impact on me was Stüssy. I was really into skateboarding at that time, and what people like the Bones Brigade [the '80s skating team featuring Tony Hawk, Tommy Guerrero, and others] were doing.
COOKE: You were pretty serious about skating, right?
FUJIWARA: Yeah. I used to skate a lot when I was a kid. I loved it and was quite good. Later, when I came back to London in around '85, I visited the Wild Bunch guys, Nellee Hooper and Milo Johnson [DJs and producers], at their flat in Camden Town. They showed me the Bones Brigade video, and I was so surprised because I'd never seen an ollie. It was like magic for me. So then I got really into skating again. But at the time, it had no influence from hip-hop. It was just thrash rock, hardcore rock, and skulls and all black—that kind of style. In Japan, the skaters were also strictly into rock culture, too, but I was coming from the hip-hop side, so for a while it was difficult to mix both interests. But maybe a year or two later, the hip-hop influence started creeping in. And then, around the same time, Shawn Stussy's label started happening in the States. I used to buy Stüssy at Patricia Field in New York.
Sleeping pills are deadly, so why not try a natural approach?
(NaturalNews) An increasing number of Americans are having trouble falling asleep at night and staying that way, says a new government report on sleeping pill use. According to data compiled by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), roughly nine million Americans now pop pharmaceutical sleeping drugs like Ambien (zolpidem) and Lunesta (eszopiclone) on a regular basis just to get some normal shut-eye, a disturbing trend that appears to be ever-escalating.For their study, Yinong Chong, an epidemiologist at the CDC, and her colleagues looked at data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey on 17,000 individuals aged 20 years or older. The survey evaluated patterns of sleeping pill use among participants between the years of 2005 and 2010 and included various demographic distinctions such as race, sex and education level.It was discovered that about four percent of U.S. adults aged 20 or older, which tabulates out to about 8.6 million people, had used a prescription sleep aid within the past month. Additionally, a shocking one in six adults with a diagnosed sleep disorder, and one in eight adults with reported sleeping troubles, admitted to using prescription sleep aids. As far as the demographic group with the highest reported use, older, non-hispanic, white, female adults with an education were the most prone to using sleeping pills."So far, studies on sleep aid use are mostly based on administrative claims data, which describe the number of times sleep aid prescriptions are filled rather than how many people have actually used prescription sleep aids," explains the CDC. "This report provides the first person-based national data on prescription sleep aid use among the noninstitutionalized U.S. adult population."While older adults, mostly seniors, were found to be the most common users of sleeping pills , younger people are also becoming addicts. A 2008 marketing research study conducted by Thomson Reuters found that, between the years of 1998 and 2006, sleeping pill use among young adults between the ages of 18 and 24 tripled. And based on this fresh data from the CDC, sleeping pill use within this demographic is only expected to continue increasing."What's surprising is how rapidly [sleeping pill] use is growing among the young," said William Marder, senior vice president and general manager for the health care business of Thomson Reuters toback in 2009. "It's pretty rapid growth for a group that is generally not one of [the] high-utilizers."The reason this is so problematic, of course, is that sleeping pills are not safe and can actually kill you. Ambien users, for instance, commonly report erratic behavior, amnesia and even "sleep driving" and other dangerous activities. Worse, a 2012 study published in thefound that people who take prescription sleeping pills regularly are nearly five times more likely to die within 2.5 years compared to people who do not take the drugs."I was praying to God and crying, 'Help me find the exit,'" explained Chicago resident Yvonne Oby, a 60-year-old manager of a legal firm, toabout the effects of Ambien CR on her mental acuity. Oby reportedly suffered a panic-like attack while driving after taking Ambien CR, which made her believe she was driving at a dangerously high speed. "It felt like I had no control."If you suffer from abnormal or lack of sleep, try getting more exercise and exerting yourself physically at least once a day, whether it be by running, hitting the gym, rough-housing with your children or doing chores at home. If this is not enough, there are other natural ways that you can help promote restful sleep at night, including supplementation with valerian root and melatonin as well as sleep therapy protocols such as keeping a sleep log and engaging in mind relaxation techniques.
Nintendo's NES classic The Legend of Zelda is 30 years old this year, and what better way to celebrate it than to drag it kicking and screaming from its console origins, right to your browser. The Legend of Zelda 30-Year Tribute is an open-source version of the original game built in WebGL — playable on web and mobile browsers — and rendered in voxels, giving the NES game's pixel graphics a chunky "2.5D" makeover that makes it look like Nintendo's classic re-imagined in Minecraft.
The project is the work of programmer Scott Lininger and artist Mike Magee, both of whom were inspired to recreate the first Zelda game after playing it as small children. The result isn't quite as precise as the original game — the change in plane makes it trickier to tell when enemies are hitting you — and the project's still unfinished, with many of the game's original dungeons yet to be built out by the duo of designers. But for those of you who spent hours in front of a flickery CRT TV three decades ago guiding the hero of Hyrule to his destiny, a powerful sense of nostalgia may override these complaints, and you'll want to play this tribute version now before Nintendo swoops in to shut it down.
GADSDEN, Alabama -- Gadsden police were able to recover a stolen cash register Monday after a man took it from a Pizza Hut through the restaurant's drive-thru window.
According to police reports, the incident happened at 6:20 p.m. Monday at Pizza Hut in the 600 block of East Meighan Boulevard. Employees said a heavy set white man with dark brown eyes, dressed in a blue ski mask and blue puffy jacket came through the drive-thru window and attempted to grab the cash register.
The register was attached to a computer, but the man tried to wrench it free with one hand. A witness said the man kept his other hand in his pocket, as though he had a weapon concealed.
An employee screamed, while another called 911. The man then fled south on Nuckolls Street. The cash register was later found behind a bus on the property of East Gadsden Baptist Church. There was no mention of any money missing.
As reported earlier, the issue of teams being able to discuss strategies emerged during a meeting of bosses and F1 race director Charlie Whiting in Melbourne on Sunday morning.
After agreeing to review the matter, Whiting has now notified teams that previous limits regarding strategies were now lifted.
In a list of allowable messages, Whiting wrote that teams could discuss: "The driver's own race pitstop strategy as well as those of his competitors, this is limited to the timing of pitstops and which tyres will be (or have been) used.
"For the avoidance of doubt, no car or power unit set up may be included in any such strategy discussion."
Updated radio restrictions
A. Restrictions on team-to-driver communications
These restrictions will apply :
- To all communications to the driver including, but not limited to, radio and pit boards.
- At all times the car is out of the garage with the engine running and the driver on board (with the exception of any time the car is in the pit lane on the day of the race prior to or between reconnaissance laps).
The following is a list of the permitted messages. Any other message, including any of those below which we suspect has been used as a coded message for a different purpose (including a prompt to a driver), is likely to be considered a breach of Article 27.1 of the Sporting Regulations and will be reported to the stewards accordingly.
1. Acknowledgement that a driver's message has been heard, this may include repeating the message back to the driver for the sole purpose of confirmation.
2. Indication of a critical problem with the car, any message of this sort may only be used if failure of a component or system is imminent and potentially terminal.
3. Information concerning damage to the car.
4. Instructions to select driver defaults for the sole purpose of mitigating loss of function of a sensor, actuator or controller whose degradation or failure was not detected and handled by the on-board software. In accordance with Article 8.2.4, any new setting chosen in this way must not enhance the performance of the car beyond that prior to the loss of function.
5. Instruction to enter the pit lane in order to fix or retire the car.
6. Indication of a problem with a competitor's car.
7. Marshalling information (yellow flag, red flag, blue flag, safety car, virtual safety car, race start aborted or other similar instructions or information from race control). This would include a reminder to switch off the SC "delta time" function after crossing the first safety car line twice from the time the SC was deployed.
8. Passing on messages from race control (this would include a countdown to the start of the formation lap and telling a driver that the last car has taken up position on the grid at the end of the formation lap).
9. Wet track, oil or debris in certain corners.
10. Weather information.
11. Information concerning the driver's own lap time or sector times.
12. Lap time of a competitor.
13. Helping with warning of traffic and gaps to other competitors during a practice session or race.
14. Instructions to swap position with other drivers.
15. Number of laps or time remaining during a practice session or race.
16. Position during a practice session or race.
17. "Push hard", "push now", "you will be racing xx", "take it easy" or similar (you are reminded about suspected use of coded messages when giving these messages or any words of encouragement).
18. When to enter the pits (or go to the grid during reconnaissance laps), any message of this sort may only be used if the driver is to enter the pits on that lap. Having been told when to enter the pits drivers may also be told to stay out if there has been a change of circumstances.
During free practice and qualifying sessions drivers may also be told what to do once they have entered the pits, e.g. "drive through", "stop in the box", "practice pit stop", "into the garage" or similar.
19. The driver's own race pit stop strategy as well as those of his competitors, this is limited to the timing of pit stops and which tyres will be (or have been) used. For the avoidance of doubt, no car or power unit set up may be included in any such strategy discussion.
20. Reminders to use the pit speed limiter, change tyre settings to match the tyres fitted to the car or to check for white lines, bollards, weighbridge lights when entering or leaving the pits.
21. Driving breaches by team driver or competitor, e.g. missing chicanes, running off track, time penalty will be applied etc.
22. Notification that DRS is enabled or disabled.
23. Dealing with a DRS system failure.
24. Oil transfer.
25. Test sequence information during practice sessions (P1 and P2 only), e.g. aero-mapping.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Schulz had previously ruled out going back in to coalition with Mrs Merkel's party
Germany's centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) have agreed to talks with their former coalition partners, Chancellor Angela Merkel's centre-right Christian Democrats (CDU).
Mrs Merkel has been unable to form a coalition since a September election.
Attempts to form a government fell apart last month after weeks of talks.
SPD leader Martin Schulz previously ruled out going back into coalition with the CDU, but on Thursday the party agreed to "open-ended" talks.
Delegates at a party conference voted for the move.
The two parties have ruled together since 2013 but at September's election the SPD got its worst results since 1949, leading Mr Schulz to vow they would go into opposition.
Since the CDU's talks with the liberal FDP and the Greens fell down, the SPD has come under intense pressure to join coalition-building talks.
On Thursday, Mr Schulz told his party: "We don't have to govern at any price, but we must not reject governing at all costs either."
He promised to be an advocate of the European Union, calling at one point for for a United States of Europe "by 2025" and saying right-wing nationalists would win otherwise.
Mrs Merkel said in response that her goal was better co-operation between countries, not a federal Europe.
Talks are due to begin next week, and could lead to another "grand coalition" between the two big parties, to a minority government led by Mrs Merkel, or to new elections.
The delay in forming a new coalition - the biggest crisis of Mrs Merkel's career - has worried some European Union allies who see Germany as a pillar of stability in the bloc.
Germany's Spiegel newspaper has billed it as a fight for Mrs Merkel's political survival.
What could happen?
Dishes typical of Creole food
An example of creole Jambalaya
Louisiana Creole cuisine (French: Cuisine créole, Spanish: Cocina criolla) is a style of cooking originating in Louisiana, United States, which blends French, Spanish, West African, Amerindian, Haitian, German, Italian, influences,[1][2] as well as influences from the general cuisine of the Southern United States.
Creole cuisine revolves around influences found in Louisiana from populations present in Louisiana before the sale of Louisiana to the United States in the Louisiana Purchase of 1803.
Overview [ edit ]
Louisiana sits at a crossroads for a large variety of immigrant influences. It is widely known that Louisiana was founded by the French, thus in Louisiana Creole is placed in a French aesthetic, with an emphasis on complex sauces and slow-cooking. Later, émigrés came to New Orleans from the French and Haitian Revolutions and added further elegance and gallic influences to the cuisine.[3]
Classic Creole dishes [ edit ]
Appetizers [ edit ]
Oysters Rockefeller
Soups [ edit ]
Southern Oxtail Soup
Main dishes [ edit ]
Side dishes [ edit ]
Red beans
Dirty rice
Smothered green beans with sausage and potatoes
Desserts [ edit ]
Beverages [ edit ]
Breakfast [ edit ]
Condiments [ edit ]
Creole cooking methods [ edit ]
Barbecuing - similar to "slow and low" Southern barbecue traditions, but with Creole seasoning. Baking - direct and indirect dry heat in a furnace or oven, faster than smoking but slower than grilling. Grilling - direct heat on a shallow surface, fastest of all variants; sub-variants include: Charbroiling - direct dry heat on a solid surface with wide raised ridges. Gridironing - direct dry heat on a solid or hollow surface with narrow raised ridges. Griddling - direct dry or moist heat along with the use of oils and butter on a flat surface. Braising - combining a direct dry heat charbroil-grill or gridiron-grill with a pot filled with broth for direct moist heat, faster than smoking but slower than regular grilling and baking; time starts fast, slows down, then speeds up again to finish.
Boiling - as in boiling of crabs, crawfish, or shrimp, in seasoned liquid.
Deep frying
Smothering - cooking a vegetable or meat with low heat and small amounts of water or stock, similar to braising. Étouffée is a popular variant done with crawfish or shrimp.
Pan-broiling or pan-frying.
Injecting - using a large syringe-type setup to place seasoning deep inside large cuts of meat. This technique is much newer than the others on this list, but very common in Creole cooking.
Stewing, also known as fricassée.
Deep-frying of turkeys or oven-roasted turduckens entered southern Louisiana cuisine more recently.
Ingredients [ edit ]
The following is a partial list of ingredients used in Creole cuisine and some of the staple ingredients.
Grains [ edit ]
Corn
Rice — long, medium, or short grain white; also popcorn rice
Rice proved to be a valuable commodity in Creole cuisine. With an abundance of water and a hot, humid climate, rice could be grown practically anywhere in the region and grew wild in some areas. Rice became the predominant starch in the diet, as it was easy to grow, store and prepare. The oldest rice mill in operation in the United States, the Conrad Rice Mill, is located in New Iberia.
Wheat (for baking bread)
Fruits and vegetables [ edit ]
Meat and seafood [ edit ]
Creole folkways include many techniques for preserving meat, some of which are waning due to the availability of refrigeration and mass-produced meat at the grocer. Smoking of meats remains a fairly common practice, but once-common preparations such as turkey or duck confit (preserved in poultry fat, with spices) are now seen even by Acadians as quaint rarities.
Game is still uniformly popular in Creole cooking.
The recent increase of catfish farming in the Mississippi Delta has increased its usage in Creole cuisine, replacing the more traditional wild-caught trout (the saltwater species) and red fish.
Seafood Freshwater Bass (Commonly known as green trout in south Louisiana) Catfish Sac-au-Lait (white perch or crappie) Yellow perch
Saltwater or brackish water species Trout Redfish Pompano Drumfish Flounder Grouper Perch - many varieties Snapper - many varieties
Shellfish Crawfish (ecrevisse)- either wild swamp or farm-raised Shrimp, or Crevette ("Chevrette" in Colonial Louisiana French) Oysters Blue Crab
Also included in the seafood mix are some so-called trash fish that would not sell at market because of their high bone to meat ratio or required complicated cooking methods. These were brought home by fishermen to feed the family. Examples are garfish, black drum also called gaspergou or just "goo", croaker, and bream. Poultry Farm Raised Turkey (and turkey confit) Chicken (and Guinea Hen)
Game birds Dove Goose Quail Duck (and duck confit)
Pork Andouille - a spicy dry smoked sausage, characterized by a coarse-ground texture
Chaurice, similar to the Spanish chorizo
Ham hocks
Wild boar or Feral Hog
Head cheese
Pork sausage (fresh) - not smoked or cured, but highly seasoned. Mostly used in gumbos. The sausage itself does not include rice, separating it from boudin.
Salt Pork Beef and dairy
Though parts of the Louisiana where Creole cooking is found are well suited to cattle or dairy farming, beef is not often used in a pre-processed or uniquely Creole form. It is usually prepared fairly simply as chops, stews, or steaks, taking a cue from Texas to the west. Ground beef is used as is traditional throughout the southern US, although seasoned differently. Dairy farming is not as prevalent as in the past, but there are still some farms in the business. There are unique dairy items produced in Creole cooking such as Creole cream cheese. Other game meats Alligator
Alligator gar, or Gator gar
Frog, usually Bullfrogs (not just the legs, but the entire creature)
Gros bec commonly called Night heron
Nutria
Squirrel
Rabbit
Skunk, or mouffette
Turtle
Snake
Virginia opossum, or sarigue
Creole seasonings [ edit ]
Individual
Blended
"Creole spice" blends such as Tony Chachere's and REX King of Spice are sometimes used in Creole kitchens, but do not suit every cook's style because Creole-style seasoning is often achieved from scratch, even by taste. Whole peppers are almost never used in authentic Creole dishes — ground Cayenne, paprika, and pepper sauces predominate.
Hot sauce
Seafood boil mix
Vinegar seasoned with small, pickled, hot green peppers is a common condiment with many Creole meals.
Persillade
Marinades made with olive oil, brown sugar, and citrus juices
Various barbecue rubs similar to those in other states
Cooking bases
Knowing how to make a good roux is key to Cajun and Creole cooking. The technique was inherited from the French. A roux is "a mixture made from equal parts of fat and flour, used especially to make a sauce or soup thicker."[4] The fat and flour are cooked together on the stovetop until the mixture reaches a certain level of brownness, or darkness. Creole roux in New Orleans are known to be lighter than Cajun roux and are usually made with butter or bacon fat and flour. But certain Creole dishes use a dark roux. Dark roux are usually made with oil or bacon fat and flour. The scent of a good roux is so strong that it stays in clothes until they are washed. The scent is so widely recognized in Louisiana that others can tell if someone is making a roux, and often infer that they're making a gumbo. The secret to making a good gumbo is pairing the roux with the protein, similar to pairing the right wine and protein.[citation needed]
Light roux: A light roux is well-suited for seafood dishes, because the roux won't overwhelm the subtle seafood flavors. A light-colored roux doesn't support the heavier meat flavor of meat-based gumbos. For a light roux, the flour is cooked to a light golden brown.
Medium roux: Medium roux are the most versatile and probably the most common among the Creole cuisine of the New Orleans area. They work well with most Creole dishes. A medium roux will turn the color of a copper penny or peanut butter. A medium roux begins to take on the warm, browned flavor widely associated with gumbo.
Dark roux: A dark roux, with its strong (dense) nutty flavor will completely overpower a simple seafood gumbo, but is the perfect complement to a gumbo using chicken, sausage, crawfish or alligator. [ citation needed ] Chicken will just settle into the darker flavor, while sausage and dark roux balance each other well. A dark roux is approximately the color of milk chocolate. Preparing a dark roux is complicated. It involves heating oil or fat and flour very carefully, constantly stirring for 15–45 minutes (depending on the darkness desired), until the mixture has turned quite dark and developed a rich, nutty flavor and smell. It's very easy to burn the flour as it moves toward a darker brown, and burnt roux renders a dish unpalatable. A heavy-bottomed pot can help protect the roux from burning. [ citation needed ]
Chicken will just settle into the darker flavor, while sausage and dark roux balance each other well. A dark roux is approximately the color of milk chocolate. Preparing a dark roux is complicated. It involves heating oil or fat and flour very carefully, constantly stirring for 15–45 minutes (depending on the darkness desired), until the mixture has turned quite dark and developed a rich, nutty flavor and smell. It's very easy to burn the flour as it moves toward a darker brown, and burnt roux renders a dish unpalatable. A heavy-bottomed pot can help protect the roux from burning. Stocks: Creole stocks may be more heavily seasoned than Continental counterparts, and the shellfish stock sometimes made with shrimp and crawfish heads is unique to Creole cuisine. Fish stock and Court-bouillon Shellfish stock Chicken stock
Creole dishes [ edit ]
Primary favorites [ edit ]
Seafood gumbo
Gumbo - Gumbo is the quintessential stew-like soup of Louisiana. The dish is a Louisiana version of West African okra soups which the dish gumbo is named for. The name "gumbo" is derived from the French term for okra, which entered Louisiana French from West African languages as "gombo", from the West African "kilogombo" or "quingombo". Okra, often one of the principal ingredients in gumbo recipes, is used as a thickening agent and for its distinct flavor. In modern Louisiana cuisine, okra is not a requirement any longer, so gumbos can be made either with or without okra. Often gumbo that is not made with okra is made with a Louisiana spice called filé, a spice made from ground sassafras leaves. Chicken gumbos are often made without okra and made with filé instead. Tradition holds that a seafood gumbo is more common in summer months when okra is plentiful and a chicken or wild game gumbo in winter months when hunting is common. But of course, in Louisiana, a variety of different gumbos is eaten year long.
A filé gumbo is thickened with dried sassafras leaves after the stew has finished cooking, a practice borrowed from the Choctaw Indians. The backbone of a gumbo is roux of which there are two variations mainly used. A medium roux, or a dark roux, which is made of flour, toasted in fat or oil until well-browned.
Jambalaya - a most beloved of Louisiana dishes is the classic Creole dish named jambalaya. The only certain thing that can be said about a jambalaya is that it contains rice, some sort of meat (such as chicken or beef) or seafood (such as shrimp or crawfish) and almost anything else. Usually, however, one will find green peppers, onions, celery, tomatoes and hot chili peppers. Anything else is optional. Jambalaya is a dish of Spanish origin in Louisiana from the time when Spaniards were attempting to make their beloved dish "paella" in the new world. The dish has later evolved, going through a creolization of Louisiana influences. Jambalaya is a highly seasoned rice casserole.[5]
Shrimp Creole - Shrimp Creole is a favorite of Creole cuisine in the greater New Orleans area. It's a dish made of shrimp, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, celery, garlic and cayenne pepper. Classic shrimp creole does not contain a roux, but some cooks may add one. It's an early Creole dish that shows its strong French and Spanish heritage.
Red Beans and Rice - Red beans and rice is one of the most common dishes found in New Orleans, cooked in homes and restaurants throughout the New Orleans area. Red beans arrived with white French Creoles from Haiti who escaped Haiti during the slave uprising, settling in New Orleans. The wonderful stew of red beans has a strong Caribbean influence.
Rice and gravy - Rice and gravy dishes are a staple of Creole cuisine[6] and is usually a brown gravy based on pan drippings, which are deglazed and simmered with extra seasonings and served over steamed or boiled rice. The dish is traditionally made from cheaper cuts of meat and cooked in a cast iron pot, typically for an extended time period in order to let the tough cuts of meat become tender.[7] Beef,[8] pork, chicken or any of a large variety of game meats are used for its preparation.[9] Popular local varieties include hamburger steak, smothered rabbit,[10] turkey necks,[11] and chicken fricassee.[12]
Primary Desserts [ edit ]
Bread Pudding - A dessert made from day-old or stale French bread.[13] A popular Creole and Cajun dessert that also contains eggs, milk, cinnamon, and vanilla.
Food as an event [ edit ]
Crawfish boil [ edit ]
Louisiana-style crawfish boil
The crawfish boil is a celebratory event that involves boiling crawfish, potatoes, onions and corn in large pots over propane cookers. The crawfish boil is an event central to both Creole and Cajun cuisines. Lemons and small muslin bags containing a mixture of bay leaves, mustard seeds, cayenne pepper and other spices, commonly known as "crab boil" or "crawfish boil" are added to the water for seasoning. The results are then dumped onto large, newspaper-draped tables and in some areas covered in Creole spice blends, such as REX, Zatarain's, Louisiana Fish Fry or Tony Chachere's. Also, Cocktail sauce, mayonnaise and hot sauce are sometimes used. The seafood is scooped onto large trays or plates and eaten by hand. During times when crawfish are not abundant, shrimp and crabs are prepared and served in the same manner.
Attendees are encouraged to "suck the head" of a crawfish by separating the abdomen of the crustacean and sucking out the abdominal fat/juices.
Often, newcomers to the crawfish boil, or those unfamiliar with the traditions, are jokingly warned "not to eat the dead ones". This comes from the common belief that when live crawfish are boiled, their tails curl beneath themselves, but when dead crawfish are boiled, their tails are straight and limp. Seafood boils with crabs and shrimp are also popular.
See also [ edit ]
New Orleans Creole restaurants [ edit ]
Toronto FC announced Thursday the full 2017 television broadcast schedule for all 34 regular season matches, along with the kick-off times for all matches this season.
TSN enters its seventh season as the official broadcast partner of Major League Soccer (MLS) in Canada. TSN and CTV will be home to all 34 Toronto FC matches this season having announced a new landmark agreement that included a five-year extension with MLS on January 10. During the 2017 season, TSN will also provide exclusive English-language coverage of the MLS All-Star Game, MLS Decision Day, Audi MLS Cup Playoffs, and MLS Cup. Luke Wileman returns with the play-by-play call alongside former Toronto FC captain Steven Caldwell and Kristian Jack as match analysts. TSN commentators Vic Rauter, Nigel Reed, Greg Sutton, Nick Dasovic and Peter Schaad will also handle MLS ON TSN broadcasting duties throughout this season.
Toronto FC kick-off the 11th season in club history on Saturday, March 4 against Real Salt Lake at Rio Tinto Stadium on TSN at 4:30 p.m. ET. The Reds open their home schedule on Friday, March 31 against Sporting KC with kick-off set for 7:30 p.m. ET.
Toronto FC single game tickets were released today and are now on sale. For more information and to purchase visit here.
The marijuana market could be (and possibly already is) bigger than the market for beer in Canada
TORONTO — It's a hot, sunny Thursday afternoon on the hard edge of Queen Street West, and the foot traffic at Eden, a pot dispensary, is brisk.
Retailers along this strip of trendy clothing stores, bars, restaurants, shoe shops, tattoo parlours, hairstylists, comic stores and coffee joints cater to the urban hip, and Eden is no different. lnside, iceberg-blue lights illuminate jewel-case cabinets with the product — glass vials of Hindu Kush, El Hefe, Organic Blue Dream — artfully displayed.
On the aquamarine-blue wall at the front are two white iPads, for customers who need quick access to the Internet to check product information.
The place is spotless, sharp. And the air is heavy with the unmistakeable sweet smell of cannabis.
The fridge at Eden Medicinal Society, a cannabis retailer in Toronto. (Tyler Anderson / National Post)
Behind the counter, two clerks, a man and a woman both in their 20s, both dressed like their customers, are filling orders, taking cash.
The average transaction, those in the business say, is $50. A pre-rolled joint is $12, but Alicia, the manager, says they won't start selling a lot of those until the evening, when the university crowd and the kids from the suburbs come downtown.
The afternoonwalk-ins are largely cannabis users who rely on the flowers, ointments, teas, and oils to ease some chronic ailment, or they are creative types — writers, graphics artists, filmmakers — who find extra insight and energy through cannabinoid stimulation. They all have prescriptions from a licensed physician.
The product mix and retail approach at Eden's downtown store is different than what you will find at the company's newest outlet a few blocks north near Bayview and Eglinton. There are more seniors and aging baby boomers in that neighbourhood so the store opens earlier and closes earlier.
The Eden outlets are among the 100 or so pot dispensaries in Toronto, but there is easily demand, those in the industry say, for 1,000 such businesses.
They are owned and operated by a mix of campaigners and capitalists.
The campaigners have been working for years to legalize marijuana use. They believe in the huge potential for the drug to manage pain, ease anxiety, and help many to a more productive, happy, creative and healthy existence.
Tania Cyalume and Brandy Zurborg opened their storefront dispensary, Queens of Cannabis, on Bloor Street West just north of Little Italy in February.
Queens of Cannabis owners Tania Cyalume and Brandy Zurborg outside their shop in May 2016. (Maryam Shah / Postmedia Network)
“I guess when you believe in a product, you really believe in it because you've seen the way that it affects people,” said Cyalume.
The products Cyalume and Zurborg sell and their approach to retailing match their personal philosophies and lifestyles. Both are vegans, and the edible cannabis products they stock are vegan and pesticide-free.
Their crusade is about serving patients because they are patients themselves, and use cannabis products regularly to treat their own chronic pain and ailments.
“We're patients and we believe in it. We also believe that patients have the first right to access before recreational. There is only so much supply, and there is a huge demand,” said Zurborg, who trained as a certified management accountant designation and was an auditor with the Canada Revenue Agency.
Their goal is not necessarily to get rich. They speak of one day being able to use the proceeds of their retail operation to help fund outreach, at hospices for example, where they can spread the word about the life-changing value of cannabis products.
Marina, who preferred her last name not be used, is a capitalist. She and her husband have had as many as seven dispensaries, some through a franchise model they were trying to build. When she got into the business a few years ago, she approached with a capitalist's zeal and eye for profit.
The woman has agreed to talk about her industry at an upscale diner set among the forest of steel-and-glass condominium towers where Lake Ontario meets the Toronto suburb of Etobicoke. She arrived in a gleaming white SUV. Petite, direct and energetic, Marina makes no bones about the fact she got into the business to make a pile of cash.
An employee showcases a large jar of marijuana on a shelf at Eden in Toronto. (Tyler Anderson / National Post)
“There was a massive market available,” she said. “That definitely was the original motivation. But as I got more into it, and as I started interacting with more patients on a daily basis and seeing the difference (cannabis) made, it has motivated me even more. But originally, it was purely the business side of me that saw a huge market gap.”
Before becoming a cannabis retailer, Marina, who has a business degree, had run her own promotions company.
Both campaigners and the capitalists are eager for the Trudeau government to do as it promised and remove the legal prohibitions hanging over their retail operations. But they are suspicious that Ottawa's still-under-discussion plans for legalizing marijuana will favour corporate interests and freeze out the independents.
“I don't really know what to expect from the Trudeau government. What we thought was going to happen and what has happened thus far are just completely opposite sides of the spectrum,” Marina said.
Marina, the Queens of Cannabis, and other operators of pot dispensaries fully expect that large, well-financed companies will muscle their way into the retail space once recreational marijuana sales become legal. If not them, it may be government agencies with a model similar to provincial liquor commissions.
And why wouldn't they? Studies in the U.S. and Canada have shown in terms of annual sales per square foot, a pot retailer is a top-tier operation.
Consider this: the most productive retail space in Canada is an Apple Store, with average annual sales of $7,200 a square foot. This compares with $2,961 a. ft. at a Lululemon store and $1,490 a. ft. at Costco.
At the other end of the spectrum, the comparable figure for Sears, Dollarama and Canadian Tire is less than $250 a. ft. In the U.S. states where selling marijuana is legal, sales average US$975 a. ft.
Want to get into the pot retail business? You are going to be making a lot of money.
Of course, no one is yet sure how the retail environment will look once marijuana storefront operations are legal. Right now, the only legal way for a customer to buy pot products is through the mail from a producer licensed by Health Canada. Those producers will only sell to those with prescriptions.
But if businesses are allowed to set up cannabis shops and compete in the same way that other retailers do, Canadians could be buying as much as $10 billion worth of marijuana products a year. That estimate comes from Avery Shenfeld, chief economist at CIBC World Markets.
To put that in perspective, Canadians bought about $9-billion-worth of beer in 2015, according to Statistics Canada.
Michael McLellan, a financial consultant to the medical marijuana industry, thinks retail sales of cannabis products could be much bigger.
“This is a 10-year, bull-market run. You're creating a new legitimate legal business for what is going to be a $10-billion to $20-billion a year market,” he said.
McLellan, who also acts as spokesman for the Toronto Dispensaries Coalition, is a chartered financial accountant. He spent a decade running a publicly traded company in the energy and technology sector.
Eden Medicinal Society in Toronto. (Tyler Anderson / National Post)
He is certainly a campaigner for legalization, but he is also campaigning for capitalism to be let loose in this space. He plans to make money selling pot.
“I'm not a big user of marijuana myself,” McLellan said. “But I intend to invest some of my own money and some of my family's money in the stock market in licensed (marijuana) producers or other companies that are going to service … the future recreational marijuana space.”
For his work with the dispensary coalition, McLellan figures he is now spending about half his time thinking about the new opportunities and challenges that will come when the Trudeau government finally legalizes pot.
Everyone expects there to be plenty of retail competition when pot is legal and, as a result, smart retailers will be aiming at profitability by doing what any retailer does: get the right product mix at the right location in the right retail environment sold by knowledgeable, friendly staff.
Alicia, the regional manager for the Eden dispensaries in Toronto, came from David's Tea. She can see the irony in moving from a high-end retail chain that sells dried leaves to discerning tea customers to what could be the next-generation of high-end retail chains selling dried herbs to discerning cannabis customers.
The store on Queen Street is one of five dispensaries operated by the (for now, at least) not-for-profit, Vancouver-based Eden Medicinal Society, but Alicia — she asked a pseudonym be used — is already scouting other locations in Toronto.
She is also looking for new staff who will earn a premium wage because, like those at David's Tea or, for that matter, the Apple Store, they need to have training and specific expertise with twhat they sell.
McLellan says good pot retailers like Eden will take care to match a customer's desired experience with the right product. It is an act of salesmanship that draws more on art, empathy and, let's face it, the seller's personal experience with many cannabis products.
The mix might best be described as a cross between a pharmacist — customers using new products or new doses will definitely benefit from clear instructions from the retailer on safe use — and a sommelier recommending wine pairings.
Good pot retailers like Eden will take care to match a customer's desired experience with the right product. (Tyler Anderson / National Post)
But while the sommelier is selling an “experience,” it's not like the “experience” that a pot retailer is selling. Drink a bottle of Chablis, cabernet franc or pinot grigio and the effect on your body will be largely the same.
“With cannabis, it's not quite like that. There are differences in the way (strains) smell, the way they taste, and the way they affect you,” McLellan said.
Perhaps you are a recreational user who wants a high that makes you feel good, lifts your spirits, and might even make you want to dance. Your pot retailer is likely to recommend a sativa — perhaps a little Laughing Buddha, Blueberry Dream, a Lime Haze, or maybe some Alaskan Thunder F–k.
If you're a creative type looking to get some work done with a little chemical assistance, your retailer may point to some other sativas, such as Cinex, Super Jack or Candyland that produce a high but won't have you wanting to nap every 20 minutes.
Beyond a bewildering array of strains, there are an increasing number of cannabis products: creams, tinctures, oils, gels and, of course, baked goods such as brownies, all designed to get the drug into your body in different ways and to different effects.
“The current retailers that sell the product, the current dispensaries that have the best level of customer service and the most knowledgeable staff are the ones that are surviving. The ones that don't have that are closing their doors,” McLellan said.
In other words, a pot shop is like a shoe store or a travel agency. Lousy customer service will kill the business. Excellent staff will help it flourish.
McLellan and pot dispensary retailers are looking forward to a future they hope is only months, not years away, one in which Canadians can purchase cannabis products with the ease and convenience of buying groceries or wine.
“What the market is showing it wants is a clean, friendly environment, professional, where they see the quality product and they get a good customer experience,” McLellan said. “This is a brand-new marketplace.”
Postmedia News
• Email: DAkin@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidakin
First of all, let's address the elephant in the room, I know you're all thinking it: “But it's not Chinese Valentine's Day!” You're right, it's not, but here at TCB we'll never pass up an opportunity to spread a bit of love – especially when we can learn a little Mandarin in the process! Anyway, more so than perhaps any other Western holiday, Valentine's Day has been gaining popularity in China during recent years, so there's even more reason to ask Cupid to fire up his arrows! Here's our guide to Valentine's Day in China:
Let's kick off with one of our favourites, a poem by 汉乐府 Yuefu Han named 上邪 shàng xié, meaning ‘by heaven', which is one of the earliest and most famous Chinese poems about love (tissues at the ready!):
上邪，
shàng xié,
By heaven,
我欲与君相知，
wǒ yù yǔ jūn xiāng zhī,
I shall love you,
长命无绝衰！
cháng mìng wú jué shuāi!
To the end of time!
山无棱，
Shān wú léng,
Till mountains crumble,
江水为竭，
jiāng shuǐ wèi jié,
Streams run dry,
冬雷震震，
dōng léi zhèn zhèn,
Thunder rumbles in winter,
夏雨雪，
xià yǔ xuě,
Snow falls in summer,
天地合，
tiān dì hé,
And the earth mingles with the sky,
乃敢与君绝…
nǎi gǎn yǔ jūn jué…
Not till then will I cease to love you…
Now for some ‘lovely' Valentine's phrases sure to get some heart a-pumpin' – note that all of the following can be used both as idioms and as greetings:
举案齐眉 — jǔ àn qí méi — Literal: To lift the tray to eyebrow level. In context: A husband and wife love and respect each other for life.
白头偕老 — bái tóu xié lǎo — Literal: To live together until the white hairs of old age. In context: Until death do us part.
天长地久 — tiān cháng dì jiǔ — Literal: Enduring until the world lasts. In context: Eternal.
花好月圆 — huā hǎo yuè yuan — Literal: Lovely flowers, round moon. In context: Marital bliss.
有情人终成眷属 — yǒu qíng rén zhōng chéng juàn shǔ — Love will find a way.
And another of our favourite idioms…
比翼双飞 — bǐ yì shuāng fēi — To fly as a couple, wing to wing
Preparing to spend Valentine's Day in China? You might want to consider what gift would be appropriate – a bouquet of fresh flowers might have your better half leaving the restaurant before you've even so much as picked up your chopsticks!
Alone this Valentine's Day? Looks like you'll have to celebrate Chinese Valentine's Day on the 28th August instead or, failing that, at least there's singles day to look forward on the 11th November! We promise, we'll have a blog that's equally cool ready for November that will make all of those tear-filled nights seem worth it…
(Visited 1,008 times, 1 visits today)
They analysed data available on Google Trends between 2004 and 2013, looking in particular at the period around 'climategate' and the discovery of an error in the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report on the melting of Himalayan glaciers.
The study by the University of Oxford and Princeton University found that while intense international media coverage led to spikes in public interest, the number of search terms related to the topic fell back to earlier levels after just a matter of days. The researchers also looked for search terms indicating climate change scepticism and found no long-term change following the two news events. The findings are published in the journal Environmental Research Letters.
Relative search volumes for a number of terms, including 'global warming hoax' and 'climategate', were compared between 15 November 2009 and 15 March 2010. During this period, the two climate science stories had received intense media coverage across the globe. First, in November 2009, emails were hacked from the accounts of climate scientists from the University of East Anglia and used to accuse the scientists of misconduct, dubbed by the media as 'climategate'. The scientists were cleared following numerous inquiries by independent commissions. Then shortly after 'climategate', in January 2010, the news broke about an error in the rate of the Himalayan ice melt in the IPCC report.
The researchers found that the use of the search term 'climategate' halved six days after a peak in the public interest around the story of the email hacking incident at the University of East Anglia. There was no evidence for an increase in the number of searches for 'global warming hoax', a search term that was associated with climate change scepticism, following the email hacking incident. Even when the number of searches for 'Himalayan glaciers' had reached its peak during the discovery of the error, the researchers found no clear increase in relative search volume for 'global warming hoax'.
The study points out that an analysis of relative search volumes is not proof of people's beliefs on climate change. It does argue, however, that this approach provides a new and independent approach to understanding levels of public interest in climate change, including climate change scepticism.
Co-author Dr Greg Goldsmith, from the School of Geography and the Environment at the University of Oxford, said: 'The study uses the search term "global warming hoax" as an indicator of global warming scepticism amongst the public. Although we found an increase in the volume of searches for the term immediately after the news of the hacking of the emails from the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia, the search volume quickly returns to the same level as before the incident. This suggests no long-term change in the level of climate change scepticism.
'We found that intense media coverage of an event such as "climategate" was followed by bursts of public interest, but these bursts were short-lived.'
Their analysis of relative search term volumes across time and different parts of the world shows that interest in climate change has significantly declined since a peak in 2007. The search term 'global warming' was most used by those visiting Google Trends for information on climate change. The study suggests that being able to pinpoint the language people use to search for information could help those involved in climate change communications.
Dr William Anderegg from Princeton University said: 'Our results showed that the volume of these search terms peaked in 2007 around a unique sequence of major events – the releases of Al Gore's An Inconvenient Truth in August 2006 and the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report in April 2007 – and the level of interest has declined since then. There is no single reason why the public have become less interested in climate change. However, research certainly suggests that economic issues, such as the recent recession, tend to take precedence over environmental issues like climate change.'
Her Majesty's Prison Wakefield is a Category A men's prison, located in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and is the largest high-security prison in the United Kingdom (and western Europe). The prison has been nicknamed the "Monster Mansion" due to the large number of high-profile, high-risk sex offenders and murderers held there.[1][2]
History [ edit ]
1944: "A view of an inmate's cell at Wakefield Prison. Clearly visible are the bed, a chair, several small shelves, and slop bucket. The rest of the inmate's belongings, such as a pair of shoes and a comb, have been set out neatly, ready for inspection. Chalked on a small blackboard are the words 'soap please'."
In the engineering works, inmates are trained in a new trade as part of their rehabilitation and preparation for their return to society, 1944
Wakefield Prison was originally built as a house of correction in 1594. Most of the current prison buildings date from Victorian times. The current prison was designated a Dispersal prison in 1966 and is the oldest of the Dispersal prisons still operating across England and Wales.
The English Dialect Dictionary noted references to Wakefield were often short for referring to the long-standing prison (e.g. "being sent to Wakefield" meant being sent to prison).[3]
"Here We Go 'Round the Mulberry Bush" [ edit ]
The exercise yard at Wakefield has a mulberry tree, around which female inmates used to exercise. This has been linked to the nursery rhyme "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" by the erstwhile prison governor, RS Duncan in his book 'Here we go round the mulberry bush': The House of Correction 1595 / HM Prison Wakefield 1995 (published by author 1994). This origin of the song is also propounded on the prison's website. There is no corroborative evidence to support this theory.[4]
First World War [ edit ]
During the First World War, Wakefield Prison was used as a Home Office work camp. The ordinary criminal prisoners were removed, and the new influx were sentenced to two or more years' imprisonment for refusing to obey military orders.[5] After the closure of Dyce prison camp in October 1916, Wakefield Prison was also used to intern conscientious objectors.[6] In September 1918 a group of conscientious objectors took advantage of a slackening in the prison regime that occurred towards the end of the war, by rebelling and refusing to undertake any work.[6] They issued a list of demands for better treatment, known as the Wakefield Manifesto.[6]
IRA prisoners [ edit ]
As a high-security prison, Wakefield was used to house IRA prisoners at various points in the 20th century. In some cases in the 1950s, the IRA attempted to free the prisoners, such as Cathal Goulding in 1956 (the attempt was aborted when the sirens sounded)[7] and James Andrew Mary Murphy in 1959 (who was freed).[8] During a hunger strike by Provisional IRA prisoners, Frank Stagg died in Wakefield Prison on 12 February 1976.[9] The case brought international media attention as the British Government denied Stagg's last request for a military funeral march from Dublin to Ballina, and instead arranged for the police to bury him secretly.[10] On 1 March 1976, Merlyn Rees, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland in the Wilson ministry, announced that those people convicted of causing terrorist offences would no longer be entitled to Special Category Status, which was challenged during later hunger strikes.[11]
Recent history [ edit ]
In 2001 it was announced that a new Supermax security unit was to be built at Wakefield Prison. The unit was to house the most dangerous inmates within the British prisons system, and was the first such unit of its kind to be built in the United Kingdom.[12]
In March 2004 an inspection report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons criticised staff at Wakefield Prison for being disrespectful to inmates. The report claimed that the prison was "over-controlled", and a third of the prison's inmates claimed to have been victimised.[13]
Present [ edit ]
Wakefield Prison holds approximately 600 of Britain's most dangerous people (mainly sex offenders and prisoners serving life sentences for violent crimes against women and children). Accommodation at the prison comprises single-occupancy cells with integral sanitation. All residential units have kitchens available for offenders to prepare their own meals. An Incentives and Earned Privileges system allows standard and enhanced offenders the opportunity of in-cell TV. All offenders are subject to mandatory drugs testing and there are voluntary testing arrangements, which are compulsory for all offenders employed e.g. as wing cleaners or kitchen workers.
HMP Wakefield offers a range of activities for inmates, including charity work, an accredited course in industrial cleaning, and a Braille shop where offenders convert books to Braille. The Education Department is operated by The Manchester College, and offers learning opportunities ranging from basic skills to Open University courses. Other facilities include a prison shop, gym, and multi-faith chaplaincy.
A prison inspection found that Wakefield Prison was on the whole calm, secure, decent and well managed. The rest of the prison service could learn good practise from Wakefield. Despite the above prisoners needing psychiatric care face unacceptable delays before they are transferred to secure psychiatric hospitals and prisoners' mental condition worsens while they are waiting for transfer. Peter Clarke said, “Because of the totally unacceptable delays in doing so, many prisoners across the prison estate are held in conditions that are not in any way therapeutic and indeed in many cases clearly exacerbate their condition. (...) The situation at Wakefield was yet another example of prisoners with severe illness not receiving the care that they needed.” Inspectors noted a prisoner who was “exceptionally challenging to manage and had complex needs that could not be met in the prison. While staff attempted to manage him positively and constructively, his condition was deteriorating during a lengthy wait to be admitted to a secure hospital,” according to the inspection report.[14]
Former inmates [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Disorder of the Gait in Dogs
Lameness is a clinical sign of a more severe disorder that results in a disturbance in the gait and the ability to move the body about, typically in response to pain, injury, or abnormal anatomy.
Symptoms and Types
Lameness may involve one or more limbs and varies in severity from subtle pain or tenderness to an inbability to place any weight on the limb (i.e., carrying the leg). If only one forelimb is involved, the head and neck move upward when the affected limb is placed on the ground and drops when the unaffected limb bears weight. Meanwhile, if only one hind limb is involved, the pelvis drops when affected leg bears weight, rises when weight is lifted. And if both hind limbs are involved, forelimbs are carried lower to shift weight forward. In addition, lameness may become worse after strenuous activity or alleviate with rest.
Other signs and symptoms associated with lameness include:
Pain
Decreased range of motion
Loss of muscle mass (muscle atrophy )
) Abnormal posture when standing, getting up, lying down, or sitting
Abnormal gait when walking, trotting, climbing stairs, or doing figure-eights
Nervous system signs — confusion, trembling, etc.
Bones and/or joints may be abnormal in size, shape
Grating sound with joint movement
Causes
Forelimb lameness in still growing dogs that are less than 12 months of age
Osteochondrosis of the shoulder — from a group of orthopedic diseases that occur in rapidly growing animals
Shoulder dislocation or partial dislocation of congenital origin
Osteochondrosis of the elbow
Ununited anconeal process - a form of elbow dysplasia , an abnormality in the maturation of cells within a tissue
, an abnormality in the maturation of cells within a tissue Fragmented medial coronoid process - degeneration in the elbow
Elbow incongruity - failure of the bones to grow at the same rate
Avulsion (tear) or calcification of the flexor muscles of the elbow
Asymmetric (uneven) growth of the radius and ulna (bones of the foreleg)
Panosteitis — inflammation of the bones
Hypertrophic osteodystrophy — a disease characterized by decreased blood flow to the part of the bone adjacent to the joint
Trauma to the soft tissue, bone, or joint
Infection – may be local or generalized ( systemic )
) Nutritional imbalances
Congenital abnormalities (present at birth)
Forelimb lameness in mature dogs that are older than 12 months of age
Degenerative joint disease - progressive and permanent deterioration of joint cartilage
Bicipital tenosynovitis - inflammation of the tendons of the biceps
Calcification or mineralization of the supraspinatus or infraspinatus tendon – the rotator cuff muscles
Contracture of the supraspinatus or infraspinatus muscle – shortening of the muscle's connective tissue due to scarring, paralysis, or spasms
Soft-tissue or bone cancer – may be primary, or metastatic (cancer that has spread)
Trauma to the soft tissue, bone, or joint
Panosteitis – inflammation of the bones
Polyarthropathies – arthritic and inflammatory diseases of the musculoskeletal system
Polymyositis - inflammation of the muscle fibers
Polyneuritis – widespread inflammation of the nerves
Hindlimb lameness in growing dogs that are less than 12 months of age
Hip dysplasia - overgrowth of cells
Avascular necrosis of the femoral head - Legg-Calvé-Perthes disease, where the ball of the thighbone in the hip doesn't get enough blood, causing the bone to die
of the femoral head - Legg-Calvé-Perthes disease, where the ball of the thighbone in the hip doesn't get enough blood, causing the bone to die Osteochondritis of stifle - fragments of cartilage or bone have become loose within the knee joint
- fragments of cartilage or bone have become loose within the knee joint Patella luxation - medial or lateral disorder, in which the kneecap dislocates or moves out of its normal location
- medial or disorder, in which the kneecap dislocates or moves out of its normal location Osteochondritis of the hock - fragments of cartilage or bone have become loose within the hock, the joint of the hind leg
Panosteitis – inflammation of the bones
Hypertrophic osteodystrophy - a disease characterized by decreased blood flow to the part of the bone adjacent to the joint
Trauma to the soft tissue, bone, or joint
Infection – may be local, or generalized (systemic)
Nutritional imbalances
Congenital abnormalities (present at birth)
Hindlimb lameness in mature dogs that are greater than 12 months of age
Degenerative joint disease - progressive and permanent deterioration of joint cartilage), secondary to hip dysplasia (abnormal formation of the hip joint)
Cruciate ligament disease - the tearing of an important ligament in the knee joint
Avulsion (tearing) of the long digital extensor tendon (the toe extender tendon)
Soft-tissue or bone cancer – may be primary, or metastatic (cancer that has spread)
Trauma to the soft tissue, bone, or joint
Panosteitis – inflammation of the bones
Polyarthropathies – arthritic and inflammatory diseases of the musculoskeletal system
Polymyositis - inflammation of the muscle fibers
Polyneuritis – widespread inflammation of the nerves
Risk Factors
Breed (size)
Overweight
Frequent, strenuous activity
Diagnosis
Your veterinarian will perform a thorough physical exam on your pet, taking into account the background history of symptoms and possible incidents that might have led to this condition. Standard tests include a complete blood profile, a chemical blood profile, a complete blood count, and a urinalysis.
Because there are so many possible causes for lameness, your veterinarian will most likely use differential diagnosis. This process is guided by deeper inspection of the apparent outward symptoms, ruling out each of the more common causes until the correct disorder is settled upon and can be treated appropriately.
Your veterinarian will first try to differentiate between musculoskeletal, neurogenic and metabolic causes. The urinalysis may determine whether a muscle injury is reflected in the readings. Diagnostic imaging will include X-rays of the area of the lameness. Computed tomography (CT) scans and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) will also be used when appropriate. Your doctor will also take samples of joint fluid for laboratory analysis, along with tissue and muscle samples in order to conduct a muscle and/or nerve biopsy to look for neuromuscular disease.
1
2
Next
neuromuscular The area found between the muscles and the endings of the nerves
nerve A bundle of fibers that are used in the process of sending impulses through the body
pelvis The term for the hip and related area
systemic Something that is related to the whole body and not just one particular part or organ
urinalysis An in-depth examination of the properties of urine; used to determine the presence or absence of illness
necrosis A condition of dead tissue
stifle The term for the joint between the femur and tibia (knee cap)
lateral Moving or located away from the midline; located along the side
biopsy The process of removing tissue to examine it, usually for medical reasons.
biceps Any muscle that has two heads.
dysplasia A condition in which growth and development are not up to normal standards
gait The term used to describe the movement of an animal
atrophy The wasting away of certain tissues; a medical condition that occurs when tissues fail to grow.
lameness Any type of pain or tenderness or lack of soundness in the feet or legs of animals
Airalab received $220,000 of pre-seed investments from Сybernator
Satoshi Blocked Unblock Follow May 25, 2017
St. Petersburg, May 25, 2017 — The team behind the Aira project sold 16,5% for $220,000 in a pre-sale to Cybernator , a pre-seed fund of Satoshi Fund which invests in blockchain projects at an early stage.
The Airalab team is developing a decentralized system of autonomous intelligent robots. It is holding the 1st phase of ICO (initial distribution of the system's tokens — Air Tokens) from May 25 (approximately 21:00 Moscow time; starting at block 3,767,000.00 on Ethereum blockchain, http://aira.life/tokens/) till June 11, 2017. During the 1st phase one million tokens will be distributed. Tokens will allow paying for the services provided by autonomous robots on the platform.
Given the experience and reputation of Satoshi Fund as a firm that invests in blockchain assets; the Airalab team anticipates an effective cooperation with Cybernator in project development preparing the project for the 2nd phase of ICO.
“ Joining a project at a concept stage can be difficult. That is why we decided to involve one genesis investor with a good reputation in the blockchain community prior to the start of our ICO» — Sergey Lonshakov, the Airalab's co-founder and CEO, says
The Cybernator fund has purchased 165,000 Air Tokens for 1,100 ETH. From May 25 to June 11, 2017, one million Air Tokens will be offered for sale. All funds raised during the 1st phase will be spent on MVP development.
If the Airalab succeeds in creating a decentralised system of robots, Air Token will be the system's most important unit that will not only allow to launch smart contracts, but will also help to form the company's initial capital.
“ Cybernator's top-management — Marina Guryeva, Konstantin Lomashuk, and Dima Starodubcev, — are an excellent example of investors focused on the value proposition, who can recognize the market potential of blockchain projects at early development stages,” — underlines Sergey Lonshakov.
About Airalab team
Airalab is a team of developers and scientists specialized in developing solutions using the Ethereum blockchain and the Robot Operating System.
Project timeline
2015
First mentions of Aira in the interview to Forklog
Research on decentralization of the Internet of things
Development of Aira IoT and Aira ROS bridges
The project on direct economical relationships of a man and a robot “Drone-employee” was presented
2016
2017
About Cybernator
Cybernator is a pre-seed fund of Satoshi Fund company created to invest in blockchain-based projects at early stages. Satoshi Fund has been successfully investing in blockchain assets since 2015.
Disclaimer: this press release is not intended as a public offer and is for informational purposes only.
Recently the media has focused on events in British and American universities in which students appear to be hostile to freedom of speech. It might surprise some to know that unfavourable views towards freedom of speech are quite popular in university campuses in Ireland too.
In September, Trinity College Dublin held a debate on whether freedom of speech should include the right to offend. The house voted against the motion. In addition to this, a university event that hosted Robert O'Neill (the man reputed to have killed Osama bin Laden) sparked controversy online, with some students saying he shouldn't be given a platform.
When you consider the discrimination that exists in our society, the idea of holding up free speech as an absolute might appear to be a detached view that does not take into account the experiences of those who suffer from oppression.
Often when you observe those who argue in favour of censorship, free speech is regarded as a value not worth upholding. However, this right is essential for social justice movements to grow and prevail in their aims.
The students who took part in the Free Speech Movement at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1965 recognised this when they protested so that political groups that offended common orthodoxies would be able to campaign openly in the university.
In Ireland, content that went against the teachings of the Catholic Church was once censored. This atmosphere might have played a role in getting the Eighth Amendment enshrined in our Constitution as other countries were liberalising their abortion laws.
Traditionally, those who have argued in favour of censorship have been on the right of the political spectrum. The desire of those on the left to censor those they disagree with has been a recent development.
Growing up as a teenager after the Columbine shootings, most of the arguments for censorship came from US Republicans and the Catholic Church. These groups demanded censorship on the grounds that violent and sexualised content would corrupt society.
Oddly, many of those who think they are on the side of social justice are now the ones who argue that there is a causal link between art and injustice in real life. At the UN, religious groups argued for states to uphold blasphemy laws because criticism of their religion offended them.
While members of the authoritarian right took offence for different reasons, many of the underlying points are the same as those espoused by students on college campuses: people can't be trusted to consume certain content, and questioning the beliefs of certain groups is so offensive it should be off-limits.
If this freedom from offence had been embraced in the 1970s and 1980s, grassroots movements such as the campaigns for LGBT rights would not have been able to make headway.
Social conservatism
Rosa Luxemburg recognised that without freedom of expression and the guarantee of freedom to dissenters, bureaucracy becomes the deciding factor.
Creating a culture in which anyone from right-wing rabble rousers to the “wrong type” of feminists can be censored will stifle the growth of social justice movements in the future. It will create an environment in which orthodoxies cannot be challenged in the fear that they may offend someone.
Bad ideas do not go away just because students don't want to listen. Politicians such as Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have risen to prominence, in part because their supporters are unaware of good counterarguments to their anti-immigration messages.
Negative political views grow and fester because people don't espouse their views publicly for the fear of persecution. But if views are silenced instead of refuted, people will simply harbour such views secretly. This is how phenomena such as “the silent Tory” develop. It is understandable that people can reach a false conclusion if they are unaware of information that counteracts their position. Robert Dunne is a master's student at UCD
DALLAS (CBSDFW.COM) – The national spotlight has turned away from Dallas after last week's 50th anniversary of President John F. Kennedy's assassination. As the city prepared for a remembrance ceremony held on Friday, the Xs on Elm Street were removed from the ground, as the roadway was repaved.
Those white marks indicated the locations where JFK was shot. Many people were appalled to discover that the marks had disappeared. But sometime either late Monday night or early Tuesday morning, one X has returned.
It is not yet known who put the X back in front of the old School Book Depository at Dealey Plaza. In fact, the marks were never painted there by the city, nor does the city know who routinely places them on the road. Though, there has been debate about their accuracy.
Latest News:
Top Trending:
Surrey city councillors have unanimously approved divisive plans for a two-lane road through a popular park.
Monday's thumbs-up to the new bylaw means removing some of Hawthorne Park's protected status to allow for a new corridor through the green space, a project intended to reduce congestion on 104 Avenue.
The 105 Avenue corridor project was also designed to lay the groundwork for future light rail plans for the city.
How the proposed road would divide Hawthorne Park. (City of Surrey)
Opponents of the project have said they will chain themselves to the park's trees to stop the road from being built. The park is about 22 hectares in size, and those who've fought to keep it intact say it's home to several species of birds and other types of wildlife.
A staff report acknowledged that moving forward with construction of the road "may be perceived negatively by some residents," but advised the city to publicize changes meant to make the project more attractive.
Those changes include a net two-hectare increase in the size of the park and $3 million for additional amenities, including new walking paths and wildlife crossings.
Surrey used a piece of legislation from the provincial Community Charter called the Alternative Approval Process to move forward on the project.
That meant in order to block the bylaw, 10 per cent of eligible voters in the city had to sign and submit a response form opposing adoption within a 30-day timeframe. Surrey staff said the opponents failed to meet that threshold, meaning the bylaw could proceed.
Construction on the road could begin early in the new year.
With files from Chad Pawson
It's hard to believe that the third week of the Liga MX is already upon us when it feels as if the season just started yesterday. The Apertura has so far provided a few surprises but there is still the potential for much more drama with many of the fixtures this weekend. This is the Liga MX after all, and what makes this league so exciting is the strong possibility of unexpected performances.
Here are five things to watch during the third week of the Liga MX Apertura.
1. Xolos vs. Tigres
Both squads have so much to play for in the second match of the weekend. Xolos are currently sitting near the bottom of the Liga MX table with two losses so far this season. The squad seems to be a shambles lately and needs to find a much-needed point at the very least on Friday -- especially at home, where Los Xolos have done very well in the past couple of seasons.
As for Tigres, the team is on cloud nine after their 4-2 win against Leon, but they still need to prove to their fans that they can keep up their form. Tigres have been highly criticized in the past for their lack of goals, and the expectations will be very high after their win last weekend.
2. Cuauhtemoc Blanco vs. Club America
Cuauhtemoc Blanco is almost synonymous with Club America; Blanco played most of his career with the Mexico City club and is essentially a demigod for the fans that watched him.
How will the veteran play for Puebla against his beloved team? More importantly, what can he still accomplish at the age of 41? Blanco was impressive in his brief showing last weekend -- coming on as a sub in the 0-0 draw with Veracruz -- and it will be genuinely intriguing to see what he will do with his time on the pitch, if he gets any.
America seems to be gradually picking up their pace this season after their last-second win against Tijuana. America head coach Antonio Mohamed -- who is only two years and nine months older than Blanco -- must recognize the fickle nature of the Liga MX when it comes to coaches and look to thwart Puebla's attacks.
3. Cruz Azul under pressure
I should mention their opponents, Veracruz, but the focus will solely be on La Maquina. Cruz Azul have been completely underwhelming so far this season and can't afford to lose to Veracruz at home. Granted, it has only been two weeks, but the team should still feel embarrassed about only having scored one goal so far. Especially considering the calibre and experience of the squad they have available.
It's too early in the season to begin worrying seriously, but if they are to avoid a difficult situation, La Maquina has to win this Saturday.
4. Leon's fall from grace
Speaking of underwhelming performances, Leon are sitting second-to-last in the Liga MX table after becoming only the second team in history to seal back-to-back titles -- Apertura 2013 and Clausura 2014. Not exactly what one would call consistency.
The squad can, of course, still stumble into the playoffs in eighth place like they did last season, but that doesn't mean they will have the same results in the knockout round either. Can Leon get three points from Morelia on Saturday? Will William Yarbrough continue to make mistakes in goal?
5. Toluca vs. Pumas
Toluca have been a playoff team for three out of the past four seasons and have been quite a feared unit. Perhaps this has played to their disadvantage because the team seem to be playing with little enthusiasm or spirit, almost as if they expect the win to come to them. Lucas Lobos doesn't seem to have made a huge impact, either.
Pumas put in a fantastic performance in their first match by beating Queretaro 3-1, but the team was below par against Chivas this past weekend and lost 1-0. Pumas will once again look to midfielder Daniel Luduena to see what kind of magic he can provide for his team.
Cesar Hernandez covers Liga MX and the Mexican national team for ESPN FC. Twitter: @cesarhfutbol.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A petition begging for Cardiff Bay's Doctor Who Experience to remain open is approaching 10,000 names.
The much-loved attraction will close its doors for good later this year when a five-year lease expires.
The news has dismayed fans of the long-running BBC science fiction drama – thousands of whom have put their name to a call for a stay of execution .
Bex Ferriday, who set up the petition, said it would be “counter-intuitive” to close the Experience.
“It's been an opportunity to make Cardiff a unique and special place, and so it does seem strange,” she added.
Watch: Doctor Who filming in Cardiff
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“I know the land was only leased for five years but surely anyone can see that... to knock this on the head, when we have got Doctor Who being filmed here and the studios here, seems like a really stupid thing to do.”
Bex, who lives in Splott, added: “I set it up just expecting friends and family to sign it. I was pretty shocked and terrified by the popularity it garnered pretty quickly.”
And, asked if she was optimistic the petition could have an impact, she said: “I think the way it's been done suggests they know this was going to cause a great deal of upset . I think the deal has been done, but my message to people who have signed the petition is that we want to have something, a smaller version, somewhere in Cardiff.”
(Image: Andrew James)
She also said that since starting it she had received messages from people around the world who were disappointed by the news of the closure – as well as from people whose loved ones have conditions including autism but who found the attraction to be somewhere comforting for them.
“Many visitors with autism, anxiety and depression cite the Doctor Who Experience as being one of the few places they can go and feel completely ‘at home', some travelling from overseas every year in order to enjoy their own, personal form of therapy,” Bex added.
Last week we reported on the release of emails between Cardiff council and BBC Worldwide which suggested the council was trying to delay the news confirming the closure.
The land on which the Experience stands is leased by the Welsh Government to Cardiff council before being sublet by BBC Worldwide. The five-year sublease was always due to end this summer.
BBC Worldwide has previously said it that it is “always looking at new and exciting ways to increase fans' enjoyment of Doctor Who”.
A spokesman for Cardiff council said: “The land currently occupied by the Doctor Who Experience is owned by the Welsh Government and their development partner, Igloo Regeneration.
"It was leased to the city council for five years to enable the relocation of the Doctor Who Experience from Olympia to Cardiff on a temporary basis.
“It has always been the intention for the site to be developed as part of the ongoing Porth Teigr regeneration project. The agreement was always intended to be for five years only, reflecting the nature of the attraction.
"The decision to close the Experience at the end of the lease next summer has been mutually agreed by all parties involved, including the operators BBC Worldwide."
A copy of the petition is due to be presented at the Doctor Who Experience at 12pm a week on Saturday.
Every revolution gives birth to its own heroes. Some of their names are heard, yet some are not. But this does not alter the features of those who define the revolution at all. Being at all time at the place needed, ready to be of service, are their fundamental characteristics.
They are 24 hours with us, live with us. Many among us might be not aware of the significance of the burden they shoulder for the revolution. But it does not diminish their role the least.
One of those hidden heroes is 63 years old Ebu Osman.
Ebu Osman is a patriotic YPG member. He is in charge of the logistic for the frontline in the Operation to liberate Raqqa. As he was occupied in bringing round food to all his dear children at the frontline, we met him. At first sight his age, and a split second later his enormous energy leaped to the eye.
“50 DEGREE HEAT AND STILL NO DECLINE IN HIS ENERGY”
In spite of the torrid temperatures in spring, the desert heat, which even prevents the young from setting a foot outside, he however runs restlessly, bearing energy which is in no way inferior to the young boys and girls.
The fighters who witness this hearty devotion, treat him with much love, affection and respect. To prevent him from becoming overwrought, they give him a helping hand. One fighter told me: "As long as we have people like him, our death is of no concern for us". It is evident that Ebu Osman's dedication is levelling up at the same time the spirit of war of the fighters.
“TAKING PART AT ALL FRONTS”
As Ebu Osman is heading to our direction, we ask him why he still is at this age at the war front. He answers: "How could I possibly have left our young people alone?", explaining to us that he partook not only in the Operation to liberate Raqqa but at all fronts since the very beginning of the revolution.
As he spoke, he also said: "I can not lead another life. Shall I sit comfortably at home, while they liberate our homeland and our people? As much as I can, I will serve my children, my homeland and my revolution." We asked him whether his children are here as well, and he replied: "Yes, they all are my children." His answer made me feel a bit ashamed. A fighter next to me observing this situation starts to laugh.
“I HAVE TO HURRY, MY CHILDREN ARE HUNGRY”
As I try to get Abu Osman involved in a discussion, he hurries around calling: "Pardon me, comrade, we might find another time to speak together. The children are hungry", and hastens away.
From a fighter standing next to me I learn that his age is 63 years. Another fighter said about Ebu Osman: "Ebu Osman is at the front line ever since the revolution started. He has three children. He lives in Serêkaniyê but is originally from Kobane. He always talks about the time when leader Apo came to Kobane and the beginnings of the revolution in Kobane. He is immensely proud of that and continues, saying: 'Until my last breath I will be worthy of leader Apo'." Afterwards we follow him the storehouse he vanished into to fetch some provisions. He is seemingly not fond of speaking in front of the camera, running nonstop up and down and doing his work. We still ask him to answer for a few minutes some of our questions, to which he gives brief and clear replies. He says: "For me it is not important which place it is. Wherever it is wanted, I will go there. Be it this front or another place. I do not care."
One of the most important duties of a peer-reviewed research journal is to not only feature discoveries at the frontiers of science, but to provide other researchers with the information necessary to build upon said discoveries in a meaningful way. Now, the development of two highly virulent strains of H5N1 — the deadly bird flu virus — is revealing the more subtle complexities of this duty in an unprecedented fashion.
Earlier this month, we told you about a virulent strain of H5N1 that was engineered by Dutch virologist Ron Fouchier. Fouchier's is one of two labs that recently succeeded in creating new, more easily transmissible strains of the virus. Both labs' findings reveal how easily deadly viruses like H5N1 might one day mutate to become even more dangerous to humans.
Advertisement
On one hand, research like Fouchier's is absolutely vital, because it allows us to get a head start, so to speak, on understanding viruses that could one day pose a serious risk to public health. On the other hand, there are many who fear that findings from such research could be used to malevolent ends were they to wind up in the wrong hands.
The potentially dangerous nature of the researchers' findings has scientists and federal officials alike concerned about their publication. And yesterday, the federal government did something it's never done before: the US National Science Advisory Board (NSABB) asked that scientific journals omit the methodological details on how flu strains like Fouchier's are created (Fouchier's findings are slated to be published in a forthcoming issue of Science. Similar findings by researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison are in preparation for publication in Nature.)
The University of Wisconsin-Madison researchers and Fouchier have both agreed to abide by the government's request, albeit with reservations. A statement issued yesterday by Bruce Alberts — Science's editor-in-chief — encapsulates the researchers' reactions well:
We strongly support the work of the NSABB and the importance of its mission for advancing science to serve society. At the same time, however, Science has concerns about withholding potentially important public-health information from responsible influenza researchers. Many scientists within the influenza community have a bona fide need to know the details of this research in order to protect the public, especially if they currently are working with related strains of the virus. Science editors will be evaluating how best to proceed. Our response will be heavily dependent upon the further steps taken by the U.S. government to set forth a written, transparent plan to ensure that any information that is omitted from the publication will be provided to all those responsible scientists who request it, as part of their legitimate efforts to improve public health and safety.
Advertisement
Nature's editor-in-chief Philip Campbell echoed Alberts' sentiments:
We have noted the unprecedented NSABB recommendations that would restrict public access to data and methods and recognise the motivation behind them. It is essential for public health that the full details of any scientific analysis of flu viruses be available to researchers. We are discussing with interested parties how, within the scenario recommended by NSABB, appropriate access to the scientific methods and data could be enabled.
How the government will go about delineating who qualifies as a "responsible scientist," remains to be seen. It will be very interesting to see how this whole situation develops over the course of the coming weeks and months — we'll keep you posted as it unfolds. [Science]
Tap water is the source for Coca-Cola's Dasani product
It says the source for its new Dasani bottled water is the mains supply at its factory in Kent.
The company says Dasani is "as pure as bottled water gets" due to a "highly sophisticated purification process".
But the UK water industry is worried that the marketing of the product implies tap water is impure, which experts say is not the case.
'Reverse osmosis'
Coca-Cola is investing £7m in launching Dasani, which has become the second most popular bottled water in the US following its launch there in 1999.
We would never say tap water isn't drinkable. It's just that Dasani is as pure as water can get - there are different levels of purity
Coca-Cola
Coca-Cola says "reverse osmosis", "a technique perfected by Nasa to purify fluids on spacecraft", is then used to filter the water further before minerals are added to "enhance the pure taste".
Finally, "ozone" is injected to keep the water sterile, the company says.
But water industry representatives say consumers do not need to buy Dasani to get "excellent quality, healthy water".
'Tap water pure'
Barrie Clarke, spokesman for suppliers' representative Water UK, said: "We don't think there are any impurities in tap water.
"If people like the bottle, the convenience, the style, then fine, but I don't think that is the way they are marketing this product.
Dasani is the second biggest selling bottled water in the US
"Tap water is pure, and that's the opinion of the drinking water inspectorate, which carries out three million checks a year."
Judith Snyder, brand PR manager for Dasani, confirmed "municipal" water supplies were used but said the source was "irrelevant" because it "doesn't affect the end result".
She said: "We would never say tap water isn't drinkable.
"It's just that Dasani is as pure as water can get - there are different levels of purity."
Research published on Wednesday shows that UK consumers drank more than two billion litres of water in 2003 - up 18% on 2002.
A new study by University of Miami (UM) Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science researchers found that the Indian Ocean's Agulhas Current is getting wider rather than strengthening. The findings, which have important implications for global climate change, suggest that intensifying winds in the region may be increasing the turbulence of the current, rather than increasing its flow rate.
A new study by University of Miami (UM) Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science researchers found that the Indian Ocean's Agulhas Current is getting wider rather than strengthening. The findings, which have important implications for global climate change, suggest that intensifying winds in the region may be increasing the turbulence of the current, rather than increasing its flow rate.
Using measurements collected during three scientific cruises to the Agulhas Current, the Indian Ocean's version of the Gulf Stream, researchers estimated the long-term transport of the current leveraging 22 years of satellite data. They found the Agulhas Current has broadened, not strengthened, since the early 1990s, due to more turbulence from increased eddying and meandering.
One of the strongest currents in the world, the Agulhas Current flows along the east coast of South Africa, transporting warm, salty water away from the tropics toward the poles. The Agulhas, which is hundreds of kilometers long and over 2,000-meters deep, transports large amounts of ocean heat and is considered to have an influence not only on the regional climate of Africa, but on global climate as part of the ocean's global overturning circulation.
Continue reading at University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine & Atmospheric Science
Photo Credits: University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine & Atmospheric Science
[reddit-me]
With a closeup of the sign:
Rachel Slajda of Talking Points Memo reports that the missiles seen being dragged around Ground Zero have been donated by an ad agency that recommissions missiles for advertising purposes.
One of the websites listed on the missiles — WhatDoYouMakeOfThis.com — is an error-filled diatribe by the owner of the ad agency, JetAngel, Arye Sachs. He repeats a number of the errors I tried to correct in my piece on “Fighting the Lies, Damned Lies, and Paranoia” about Cordoba House. On the positive side, the poll on his site shows majority support for what he insists on calling the ‘Ground Zero Mosque.”
Can we agree that the circus atmosphere and blatant bigotry of these protests disrespects the sacred ground near Ground Zero far more than a community center and mosque run by a patriotic Sufi Muslim?
[First set of images found on LGF; second image on Gawker by Mark Borden of Fast Company.]
Like this: Like Loading...
As the 2014 World Cup in Brazil grips soccer fans around the globe, many looks on in bemusement at some of the quirks of the tournament.
There are the odd soccer rules -- such as the fact that only referees know how long the game will last -- and the tendency of players to exaggerate their injuries so they can kill time or take a breather.
And then there is FIFA, soccer's international governing body tasked with organizing major world tournaments. It launched as a small voluntary organization a century ago, and has grown into a complex body that commands the resources of a small country. Below, The WorldPost takes a look at how the organization stacks up against nations around the globe.
1) FIFA expects more revenue from the 2014 World Cup than Malta made in a year.
A view from St. Peter's Bastion across Grand Harbour in Valetta, Malta, on May 15, 2014. (Sascha Steinbach/Getty Images)
FIFA expects to earn $4.5 billion in revenue from the 2014 World Cup through the sale of TV and marketing rights. This is a billion dollars more than the whole European country of Malta made in 2012, according to World Bank data.
Despite this huge sum, FIFA also gets generous tax exemptions from World Cup host countries. Brazil's Internal Revenue Service says the exemptions will cost Brazil $248.7 million, CNN reports.
2) FIFA's president has been in power longer than Algerian autocrat Abdelaziz Bouteflika and Russia President Vladimir Putin.
From left, Russian President Vladimir Putin, FIFA President Sepp Blatter and Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika. (Getty Images)
FIFA President Sepp Blatter took office on June 8, 1998, a few days before the 16th World Cup kicked off in France. He ran unopposed in the last election in 2011 and promised his fourth term in office would be his last. However, he changed his mind and now plans to seek a fifth term in 2015. In June, FIFA voted down an attempt to implement age and term limits for its executives. Blatter could now theoretically serve as FIFA president forever.
Blatter has been in power longer than 77-year-old Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, one of the few autocrats to survive the Arab Spring. He has also served longer than Russian President Vladimir Putin, who was first elected in 2000 and bypassed Russia's limit of two consecutive terms by becoming prime minister for four years before his 2012 election.
3) There are fewer women in FIFA's governing body than in the Somali government.
Somali lawmakers raise their hands during a parliament session in Mogasishu on Dec. 2, 2013. (Mohamed Abdiwahab/AFP/Getty Images)
In 2013, Lydia Nsekera became the first-ever woman elected to FIFA's governing body, the Executive Committee. While two other women were also appointed in 2013 as short-term "co-opted members" without voting rights, Nsekera remains the sole female executive on the powerful 25-member committee.
By contrast, conflict-ridden Somalia has two women in its 25-member government, according to a 2014 joint report by UN Women and the Inter-Parliamentary Union. Oman and Bangladesh also have two female members of government, out of a total of 30 ministers.
4) FIFA is only three years younger than Australia.
The birth of the Commonwealth of Australia in Centennial Park, Sydney, Jan. 1, 1901. (Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
In 1901, the British parliament granted six colonies permission to form the Commonwealth of Australia under the British monarchy. Just three years later, FIFA was founded by seven European national football associations at a meeting in Paris.
5) FIFA has more member countries than the U.N.
Delegates meet at the General Assembly at the United Nations on Nov. 29, 2012, in New York City. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
FIFA, which calls itself the "United Nations of Football," has more members than the U.N. -- 208 versus 192. According to the BBC, there are only eight U.N. member states that are not part of FIFA, including Vatican City and Monaco.
6) A FIFA official has allegedly paid more in bribes than Silvio Berlusconi is accused of paying.
FIFA official Mohamed Bin Hammam (left) and former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. (AP photos)
According to documents obtained by British newspaper The Sunday Times, top FIFA executive Mohamed Bin Hammam paid international soccer officials a total of $5 million in order to secure votes for Qatar's bid to host the World Cup in 2022.
The alleged FIFA bribes, the latest in a string of corruption scandals for the organization, amount to more than former Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi is accused of paying in his ongoing bribery trial. The powerful politician was convicted of tax fraud last year and is currently fighting three legal cases, including charges that he paid an Italian senator 3 million euros ($4 million) to join his political party in 2006.
President Obama proposed measures Tuesday to step up oversight of energy markets and boost by tenfold the penalties for market manipulation, in an effort to blunt political pressure over the 20 percent increase in gasoline prices since the beginning of the year.
The new measures would, with congressional approval, provide an additional $52 million to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, boost civil and criminal penalties from $1 million per violation to $10 million a day for violations and give the CFTC greater power to set margin requirements that would force traders to provide more cash and reduce leverage when buying contracts.
“We can't afford a situation where some speculators can reap millions while millions of ordinary Americans get the short end of the stick,” Obama said, but he added that none of the steps would “bring gas prices down overnight.”
Republicans have made high gasoline prices one of the centerpieces of this election year, blaming the president's policies for rising costs at the pump and calling for more domestic drilling on federal lands and waters.
“While the president is out talking about tax hikes, Republicans are focused on jobs and high gas prices,” House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) said Tuesday.
“How Many Times Can Obama Feign Outrage About Oil Speculation?” said the headline on a news release Tuesday morning from the Republican National Committee, which noted that the president expressed concern about oil speculators in 2008, 2009 and 2011.
A senior administration official said the president wants to increase the number of “cops on the beat” to stop illegal speculation and market ma­nipu­la­tion. Obama said CFTC Chairman Gary Gensler had compared the lack of enforcement resources to a situation in which the National Football League quadrupled the number of teams but did not hire more referees.
But neither Obama nor his aides pointed to any examples of such illegal activity or to any evidence that oil speculators had, in fact, been responsible for raising prices recently. The senior official said that oil prices have been rising mainly because of growing global demand and political uncertainty in the Persian Gulf. Obama cited “global trends” in his announcement.
Lawmakers on both sides of the political divide have alleged that “speculation” is partly responsible for the jump in oil prices over the past year, but they have not offered any examples, either. Many economists argue that a large number of traders improves market efficiency, but oil experts say that investors or speculators can speed up or magnify price movements for limited periods of time.
“Wall Street speculators have turned our energy commodities markets into a crude oil casino that leaves American consumers paying more and more at the gas pump,” said Rep. Edward J. Markey (Mass.), the ranking Democrat on the House Natural Resources Committee.
Publicly available data from the CFTC show that investors and traders known as “large speculators” are holding record positions in gasoline futures, with all-time highs in what are known as “long” positions — which pay off if prices go even higher.
“Speculation isn't illegal,” said Bart Chilton, a CFTC commissioner. “What has been so obvious to many of us since 2008 is that there is excessive speculation where traders control too much of a market and can push prices around. Consumers are tired of this and are asking why regulators are letting speculators make a meal out of them at the pump.”
The administration said it wants to improve the information technology at the CFTC to make sure it has equipment as sophisticated as that used by traders.
The administration has taken steps to prevent traders from using overseas markets that are less transparent than U.S. exchanges. The Dodd-Frank financial overhaul law also attempts to limit the trading of commodities by firms that do not process, refine or sell those commodities.
The current average price of regular gasoline is $3.90 a gallon.
“High gas prices mean a rough ride for a lot of families,” Obama said, adding that “when gas prices go up, it's like an additional tax that comes right out of your pocket.”
But he also used his Rose Garden statement Tuesday to swat at GOP arguments that oil prices would be lower if his administration had allowed more drilling.
“What they don't say is that we are drilling more for oil,” Obama said. During his administration, he said, the industry had added enough oil and gas pipelines “to circle the Earth and then some.”
Scores of China-born athletes have switched citizenship in the two decades since the Asian powerhouse returned to the Olympic fold in 1984, driven by stiff competition for national team places that has shut out many aspiring Olympians.
The Chinese emigres are most apparent in the table tennis tournament at Rio, where China is expected to dominate as usual.
Discounting 12 players competing for China, Hong Kong and self-ruled Taiwan, 27 of the 140 entrants in the singles were born in China but will represent nations like Portugal, Qatar and Republic of Congo.
"The first feeling if I meet them (in competition) is that I'm very unlucky, because it's very difficult to beat them and it feels like the match may be over very quickly," Melek Hu, who will represent Turkey in her second Olympics after moving there about a decade ago, told Reuters in a phone interview.
"But the Chinese team represents the highest level of competition, one also wants to see how wide the gap is between them and me. After all, you won't always get a chance to exchange blows with such high standards."
China has won 24 out of 28 gold medals since table tennis became an Olympic sport in 1988 and is known for its cutthroat selection and military training drills.
In 2012, the game's rules were changed to allow each country to only enter two players into the singles events, preventing one country from winning all the medals as China did at the 2008 Beijing Games.
Japan, North Korea and South Korea are among teams expected to put up a tough fight against the Chinese in Rio, along with Singapore who will field a women's team of China-born players.
Hu, a 27-year-old from China's northeastern Liaoning province, said she moved abroad after feeling she was getting too old to qualify for the national team, which made her contemplate giving up the sport.
"Of course every table tennis athlete in China has a dream of entering the national squad," she said. "So with the pressures of having to decide whether I should find a job or do something else, I chose to go overseas to play and train."
Her path is similar to that of Beijing-born Wu Yue, who will compete for the United States at her first Olympics after obtaining her green card in 2014.
Wu, who also goes by her English name Jennifer, said life in China as a table tennis professional is easier because of the considerable amount of government support given to athletes.
But she said her freedom to choose her own schedule and competitions had been invaluable.
"There are too many talents in China. In China I didn't count as a talent," she told Reuters.
"I feel that it doesn't matter which country you're playing for, this fulfils my Olympic dream ... It means that I didn't play table tennis for nothing."
Earlier in the week I wrote a post on how, when executing long-running sub-processes in your Ruby scripts, it might be useful to show some kind of progress to your user.
But the progress displayed there was fake: it bore no resemblance to the actual progress of the sub-process. In many respects this is better than nothing, but in others it's worse; although we're displaying an indeterminate progress bar, so we're not actually lying to the user, we're still not distinguishing adequately between the importing state and the hung state.
Surely there must be a way to improve on this, and show real progress to the user? Turns out, there is. With the application of a little more Unix knowledge, we can do just that.
For this example, I'm going to revisit the use case of importing a database dump into mySQL that I discussed in my first post. For reference, it was equivalent to a system call of:
mysql some_database < dump.sql
Showing real progress
This solution, while perhaps involving more conceptual understanding of Unix fundamentals, is actually simpler than our previous “fake” solution.
Here's the code in full. I'll then break it down and discuss it.
require "ruby-progressbar" total_lines = `wc -l dump.sql` . to_i File . open ( "dump.sql" , "r" ) do | dump | progress = ProgressBar . create ( title : "Importing" , total : total_lines ) IO . popen ( "mysql some_database" , "w" ) do | stdin | dump . each do | line | progress . increment stdin . puts ( line ) end end end
What's going on here, then?
total_lines = `wc -l dump.sql` . to_i
First, we use the Unix wc command to get the total number of lines in the file — it's much quicker than trying to do this calculation ourselves in Ruby.
File . open ( "dump.sql" , "r" ) do | dump | progress = ProgressBar . create ( title : "Importing" , total : total_lines )
Next, we open the dump.sql file for reading, and create a new progress bar. We set the total value of the progress bar to the number of lines in the dump; this will allow us to increment once per line and have the progress bar finish when we've finished reading the file.
IO . popen ( "mysql some_database" , "w" ) do | stdin |
This is where the magic happens. We use the popen system call to execute our mySQL command as a sub-process. We tell popen that we're interested in writing to it by passing a mode of w (just like when we open a file for writing).
This is just like opening a file: if we passed a block to File.open , the block would be passed a handle that would allow it to write to the file. We're doing the same here, except the handle we have will write to the mysql command's standard input stream, rather than to a file.
dump . each do | line | progress . increment stdin . puts ( line ) end
Now we loop over the lines in the dump. For each one, we increment the progress bar by one, and then pass the line to the mySQL process. stdin here refers to the handle that we opened with popen .
Now, this code might be a bit hard to wrap your head around, especially if you're not familiar with Unix pipelines. But if you've ever used a shell, you've used this idiom: it's what happens under the hood when we pipe between two processes in our shell. In essence, what we're doing here is:
cat dump.sql | mysql some_database
The only difference is that our Ruby script sits in the middle, orchestrating the pipeline and displaying progress to the user in their shell.
This illustrates neatly one of the foundational principles of the Unix philosophy: everything is a file. Swap out popen for open , and we're doing exactly the same things that we'd do if we wanted to write the database dump to another file; it's also the same as we'd do if we wanted to write to a network socket. Across all of these disparate interfaces, Unix presents the same, consistent abstraction: the file.
That's it! We should now see a proper progress bar on the command-line that increments as the file is imported into mySQL.
Since the file is never read into memory at any point — it's processed line-by-line — it should scale to any size of input file that you can throw at it.
There aren't really many downsides to this approach. I've never found it to be measurably slower than simply shelling out the command — unsurprising, really, given that the shell is making the same system calls — and even if there was a performance hit, there are many use-cases where a slightly slower import with accurate feedback would be the preferable option.
Ta-da; another way that a little use of Unix processes can help us out in our day-to-day development.
Hahaha, how ridiculous. Well, it's Friday again (seems like it's only been a week, badump chishhhh) and yet more apropriately for the point that I'm about to make in this run-on sentence, it's also the 420th comic. Why are there two "e"s in been? Why bother? I suppose it lends some credence to the old snooty English "wherever have you beeeeeeen, young Master Goodfeather?" However there's also a certain...charm?...to the good old rednecky "bin".
Yo where yoo bin, Elroy?!
In other news, quick summary: there might be a chance for you to win some free theWAREHOUSE swag soon.
Long boring explanation (not required reading) - apparently there had been some sort of promo/contest going on at Spreadshirt. Because a couple of you rad folks bought tshirts in the past month I received a "yay you" coupon code. I asked them if I was allowed to give out the code, which would simplify the whole process (you just use the code to get what you want) but apparently it only works through my account. SO what we're going to do is I'm going to hold a contest, something really simple, and then I'll use my coupon code to purchase the item of your choice and ship it to you. I think that would work out okay. So. Yeah.
Your Comments:
China's political system, economic reform, and the governance of water quality in Pearl River
August 5th, 2014
André Silveira, University of Cambridge, UK
China's economic reform and opening up process initiated in 1978 has supported a more decentralized style of governing public affairs, including environmental protection and water resources management. Throughout the 1980s important administrative and fiscal responsibilities were devolved to regional and local governments, which gradually took over decisions regarding trade, foreign investment, land use, budgetary and extra-budgetary revenues and expenditures.1
Although China is a unitary state with an authoritarian political regime, several authors have suggested that the Chinese State behaves as a federal political system.2,3,4 The dynamics of central-local relations and the measure of local autonomy provided by autonomous financial means and regulatory capacity seems to provide support for a behavioural interpretation of the Chinese political system.
A key aspect of the power of local governments relates to land use management responsibilities. Land use rights became saleable items after the 1988 Constitutional amendment, after which land use rights “assignment” was added to the exclusive prerogatives of local authorities. This has become an increasingly significant source of revenue for local governments and officials and has encouraged greater competition amongst provinces and municipalities for financial, human and natural resources. New opportunities for enrichment and career development have represented robust incentives for local government cadres and decision-makers to use newly acquired powers to further advance economic growth along with their personal careers.
These developments have resulted in increasing competition between vertical and horizontal lines of authority within the Chinese bureaucratic system. In practice, lower levels of government hold considerable autonomy and de facto economic power to act (or avoid action) when they deem necessary to counterweight central political directives. Local governments may choose how policies and laws are implemented, depending on available financial resources and local development priorities. Local leaders, however, often consider environmental protection policies and laws to be an obstacle.
Overall, the process of economic reform entailed structural change to central-local relations and the exercise of power by local governments. This has brought challenges to collective action efforts when addressing environmental degradation, which typically requires coordinated action amongst different administrative sectors and amongst affected jurisdictions.
Significant efforts continue to be made to mitigate serious deterioration of the environment and its social consequences. China is often credited with having put in place an adequate set of laws and regulations for water management and protection. However, two critical problems remain: lack of coordination between relevant water laws and incomplete enforcement of laws and regulations.
As far as water quality management system is concerned, institutional structures are considered to be excessively fragmented. Responsibilities over water quality management are shared between several administrative sectors, with emphasis on two ministerial agencies, namely water resources and environmental protection. The two ministries operate two partially redundant water quality monitoring systems with no systematic sharing of data.
In respect to water management at a catchment scale, each local government seeks to attain its own objectives, having no obligation to consider the downstream effects of its actions. River Basin Water Resource Commissions (WRC) are seen as powerless in the face of this challenge given that they do not constitute a platform gathering representatives of all interested parties in the management and use of the river system. In fact, WRCs are regional agencies of the Ministry of Water Resources (MWR) and only one of the several interested parties.
While the Water Law recognizes the legal status of WRCs, and assigns them responsibilities in regard to the main stem of rivers flowing across provincial boundaries, it does not specify how their powers relate to those of provincial governments and their agencies. In respect of water quality management, WRCs may monitor water quality but have no recognised authority in respect to pollution prevention and control work.
Such challenges are illustrated through the case of the Pearl River Basin, where in 2009 more than 15 percent of the monitored water bodies registered extremely poor water quality and could not be used as sources of drinking water. There is great variety in the range and intensity of anthropogenic pressures, related to considerable disparities in economic development across the basin. In 2005, the differences in GDP per capita among the provinces in the basin were extreme, from an average of circa 25,000 USD in Hong Kong and Macau, which are located in the delta, to 617 USD in one of the provinces in the upper reaches.
Empirical findings illustrate problems of fragmentation amongst water institutional structures at national and catchment scale,5 and provide evidence that this fragmentation has a detrimental effect in the institutional capacity of the governance system to respond to water quality degradation, both in respect to pollution accidents and to slower processes of deterioration caused by human activity.6 Security of drinking water sources remains a crucial target of the government but institutional structures in place are unlikely to deliver on this important political objective without institutional change and strong cross-sectoral collaboration mechanisms.
References:
Chien, S.-S. (2010). “Economic Freedom and Political Control in Post-Mao China: A Perspective of Upward Accountability and Asymmetric Decentralization.” Asian Journal of Political Science 18(1): 69-89. Montinola, G., Y. Qian,, and R. Weingast, (1995). “Federalism, Chinese Style: The Political Basis for Economic Success in China.” World Politics 48(1): 50-81. Zheng, Y. (2006). “Explaining the Sources of de facto Federalism in Reform China: Intergovernmental Decentralization, Globalization, and Central – Local Relations.” Japanese Journal of Political Science 7(02): 101-126. Weingast, B. R. (2009). “Second generation fiscal federalism: the implications of fiscal incentives.” Journal of Urban Economics 65: 279-293. Song, X., W.Ravesteijn, B. Frostell and R. Wennersten (2010). “Managing water resources for sustainable development: the case of integrated river basin management in China.” Water Science and Technology 61(2). Silveira, A. (2014) China's Political System, Economic Reform and the Governance of Water Quality: the case of the Pearl River Basin. In Connell, D., D. Garrick, G. Anderson, and J. Pittock. (eds.) Federal Rivers: managing water in multi-layered management systems. Edward Elgar: Cheltenham
This article is published as part of the GWF's Federal Rivers Research Hub – an online research hub dedicated to looking at water governance in federal systems. An edited volume which expands on the contents of these articles and provides a more in depth analysis of federal water issues can be found here. This includes the full chapter on the Pearl River written by André Silveira. André is a PhD student in the Department of Geography, University of Cambridge. He holds a diploma in Political Science and International Relations, and an MA in European Integration Studies on which he focused on EU-China cooperation in environmental affairs. His PhD project is concerned with the evolution of institutions guiding water quality governance in large cross-jurisdictional river systems, with China's Pearl River Basin and Europe´s Rhine River Basin as case studies. He has assisted the coordination of the “EU-China River Basin Governance Research Network” and was involved in the policy dialogue component of the “EU-China River Basin Management Programme” as rapporteur.
The views expressed in this article belong to the individual authors and do not represent the views of the Global Water Forum, the UNESCO Chair in Water Economics and Transboundary Water Governance, UNESCO, the Australian National University, or any of the institutions to which the authors are associated. Please see the Global Water Forum terms and conditions here.
News Release 11-032
Numbers of Lyme Disease-Carrying Ticks Plummet in Absence of Western Lizards
California areas without lizards had significant drop in tick populations
Western fence lizards (Sceloporus occidentalis) are found with dozens of ticks attached.
February 15, 2011
This material is available primarily for archival purposes. Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date; please see current contact information at media contacts.
Areas in California where Western fence lizards were removed had a subsequent drop in numbers of the ticks that transmit Lyme disease, scientists have discovered.
"Our expectation was that removing the lizards would increase the risk of Lyme disease, so we were surprised by this finding," said ecologist Andrea Swei, who conducted the study while she was a Ph.D. student in integrative biology at University of California, Berkeley.
"We found that the result of lizard removal was a decrease in infected ticks, and therefore decreased Lyme disease risk to humans."
Results of the study, published online today in the journal Proceedings of The Royal Society B, illustrate the complex role the Western fence lizard (Sceloporus occidentalis) plays in the abundance of disease-spreading ticks.
"This study demonstrates the complexity of infectious disease systems, and how the removal of one player--lizards--can affect disease risk," said Sam Scheiner, program director at the National Science Foundation (NSF), which funded the research through a joint Ecology of Infectious Diseases (EID) Program with the National Institutes of Health.
At NSF, the EID Program is supported by the Directorates for Biological Sciences and Geosciences.
Lyme disease--characterized by fever, headache, fatigue and a bulls'-eye rash--is spread through the bite of ticks infected with bacteria called Borrelia burgdorferi.
In the Western region of the U.S., the Western black legged tick, or Ixodes pacificus, is the primary vector for Lyme disease bacteria.
Up to 90 percent of the juvenile ticks in this species feed on the blood of the Western fence lizard, common in California and nearby states.
A previous study by UC-Berkeley entomologist Robert Lane found that a protein in the Western fence lizard's blood killed Borrelia bacteria, and as a result, Lyme-infected ticks that feed on the lizard's blood are cleansed of the disease-causing pathogen.
The lizard is thus often credited for the relatively low incidence of Lyme disease in the western United States.
The new study put that assumption to the test experimentally.
"When you have an animal like the Western fence lizard that supports a huge population of ticks, you can't assume that all the juvenile ticks will go to another host if the lizard population drops," said Lane, a co-author of the paper.
For their field test, the researchers selected 14 plots, each measuring 10,000 square meters and spread out over two sites in Marin County, Calif.
From March through April 2008, before tick season went into full swing, the researchers captured and removed 447 lizards from six plots--three at each site--and left the remaining plots unaltered as controls.
The lizards that had been captured were marked before being relocated so the researchers could determine whether any wandered back into their old haunts.
After the lizards were removed, the biologists spent the following month trapping other mammals known to harbor ticks--particularly woodrats and deer mice--to determine whether they had an increase in ticks as a result of the lizards' absence.
The scientists also checked for differences between control and experimental plots in the abundance of ticks.
In plots where the lizards had been removed, ticks turned to the female woodrat as their next favorite host for a blood meal.
On average, each female woodrat got an extra five ticks when the lizards disappeared.
However, the researchers found that 95 percent of the ticks that no longer had lizard blood to feast on failed to latch onto another host.
"One of our goals was to tease apart the role these lizards play in Lyme disease ecology," said Swei, now a post-doctoral associate at the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies in Millbrook, N.Y.
"It was assumed that these lizards played an important role in reducing Lyme disease risk," she said.
The tale, it turns out, is even more complicated than that.
Other co-authors of the paper are biologists Cheryl Briggs of University of California, Santa Barbara and Richard Ostfeld at the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies in Millbrook, N.Y.
-NSF-
A researcher looks for ticks; male lizards have blue throats and bellies to attract females.
Credit and Larger Version
Some lizards accommodate ticks with a specialized fold in their necks: "mite pockets."
Credit and Larger Version
This adult tick (Ixodes sp.) can carry the bacteria that causes Lyme disease.
Credit and Larger Version
The alligator lizard (Elgaria sp.), can also carry Lyme-disease-carrying ticks.
Credit and Larger Version
Media Contacts
Cheryl Dybas, NSF, (703) 292-7734, email: cdybas@nsf.gov
Sarah Yang, UC-Berkeley, (510) 643-7741, email: scyang@berkeley.edu
The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering. In fiscal year (FY) 2019, its budget is $8.1 billion. NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges, universities and other institutions. Each year, NSF receives more than 50,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards.
Get News Updates by Email
Useful NSF Web Sites:
NSF Home Page: https://www.nsf.gov
NSF News: https://www.nsf.gov/news/
For the News Media: https://www.nsf.gov/news/newsroom.jsp
Science and Engineering Statistics: https://www.nsf.gov/statistics/
Awards Searches: https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/
A few weeks ago Michael C. Hall signed up to appear in Disney's planned remake of Pete's Dragon, but it seems he's had to leave for some reason – although it's not clear why – and has been replaced by Karl Urban, according to TheWrap.
However as when Hall signed up, there's still no news on what character he'll be portraying.
The original 1977 movie was a mix of live-action and animation, about a boy who escapes his horrible adoptive parents and befriends a dragon called Elliott. This time around the dragon with be CGI, and the story will also be rather different (it also won't be a musical). Here Pete was raised in a forest by the dragon after his parents died in a car accident. He has to take on a group of loggers who are cutting down all of the trees.
Robert Redford is set play a local who tells tall tales involving dragons that no one believes, the equivalent of Mickey Rooney's Lampie from the original. Bryce Dallas Howard, Wes Bentley and Oona Laurence will also star.
David Lowery is directing from a script he co-wrote with Toby Halbrooks. It's believed the movie will start shooting in the next couple of months.
Wanna share?: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Flipboard
More
Reddit
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Pocket
WhatsApp
Steam for Mac is poised to be released tomorrow. This morning, Valve Software released some eagerly-awaited details of the gaming platform. Details include the release schedule, which games will see the platform, and what developer tools will be made available for Steam for Mac.
Games for Steam for Mac will be released on subsequent Wednesdays following that platform's launch, with each set of titles selected to demonstrate specific functionality of Steam for Mac. The first collection will highlight “Steam Play”, which allows the gamers to buy a single copy of a game and play it on either their PC or Mac platforms. Gamers who have previously bought games on Steam for PC will find those games freely downloadable on Steam for Mac as they become available.
Valve's outstanding puzzle shooter Portal will not only be a part of “Steam Play”, but will also be the first of Valve's catalog of games to come to Steam for Mac. Along with Portal comes the critically acclaimed Torchlight by Runic Games. The Diablo-esque hack and slash RPG will be a great game for Mac gamers that are limited to playing on a laptop without a mouse.
Finally, in a move that is sure to boost Steam for Mac growth, Valve is releasing their comprehensive Steamworks suite of publishing and development tools. The suite includes product key authentication, copy protection, auto-updating, social networking, matchmaking, anti-cheat technology, and more. These tools will be available to Mac developers for free.
Get your internet connections ready, Mac users. Tomorrow you will no longer “Think Different”, and begin to “Think Freeman”.
http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Uruguay-To-Withdraw-From-Free-Trade-Deal-on-Services–20150908-0032.html
Jose Pepe Mujica, who initiated the negotiations when president, supports the new president's decision as the BRICs are excluded from the deal.
Uruguay's president eventually ceded Monday to the pressure of his progressive coalition Broad Front, which voted on Saturday to withdraw the country from negotiations on an international free-trade deal.
“President Tabare Vazquez took responsibility for Broad Front's resolution (not to participate in the negotiations) and asked the Minister of Foreign Relations Rodolfo Nin Novoa to inform the withdrawal of Uruguay from the negotiations of TiSA (Trade in Services Agreement),” said Minister of Tourism Liliam Kechichian after the weekly Council of Ministers.
Senator and former President Jose “Pepe” Mujica commented shortly after that he would have supported Vazquez' decision which does “not give as much importance to the negotiations of TiSA as it has been given.”
The negotiations stopped bearing importance to him when the BRICs countries' demand to be part of them was denied. “This represents the exclusion of half of humanity, which is a powerful sign,” he added. “This is another trick of the main powers like the United States to contain the Chinese competitivity in the world economy,” said the former president, recalling that China was the main economic partner of Uruguay.
Uruguay started the negotiations of TiSA under Mujica's presidency, but Mujica's party inside the governing coalition Movement for a Popular Movement recently started to lobby against TiSA and the negotiations under Vazquez' presidency in March.
http://wolfstreet.com/2015/09/22/uruguay-does-unthinkable-rejects-global-corporatocracy-tisa/
Often referred to as the Switzerland of South America, Uruguay is long accustomed to doing things its own way. It was the first nation in Latin America to establish a welfare state. It also has an unusually large middle class for the region and unlike its giant neighbors to the north and west, Brazil and Argentina, is largely free of serious income inequality.
Two years ago, during José Mujica's presidency, Uruguay became the first nation to legalize marijuana in Latin America, a continent that is being ripped apart by drug trafficking and its associated violence and corruption of state institutions.
Now Uruguay has done something that no other semi-aligned nation on this planet has dared to do: it has rejected the advances of the global corporatocracy.
Earlier this month Uruguay's government decided to end its participation in the secret negotiations of the Trade in Services Agreement (TISA). After months of intense pressure led by unions and other grassroots movements that culminated in a national general strike on the issue – the first of its kind around the globe – the Uruguayan President Tabare Vazquez bowed to public opinion and left the US-led trade agreement.
Despite – or more likely because of – its symbolic importance, Uruguay's historic decision has been met by a wall of silence. Beyond the country's borders, mainstream media has refused to cover the story.
———–
thanks to JoelH for the link..
this is really interesting and was given zero media coverage..uruguay is out..cop that..the president better watch out for umbrellas and black cats..
“Now Uruguay has done something that no other semi-aligned nation on this planet has dared to do: it has rejected the advances of the global corporatocracy.”
401
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Pocket
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Telegram
Skype
More
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Posted in South America, Uruguay, World News
Tags: Jose Pepe Mujica, President Tabare Vazquez, Uruguay
LinkedIn today announced in its earnings statement that it has acquired Connectifier, a startup with technology for helping recruiters find talent.
Terms of the deal weren't disclosed.
“The acquisition of Connectifier, announced this afternoon, will further strengthen our core products and accelerate our product roadmap, leveraging powerful machine learning-based searching and matching technology to help recruiters and hiring managers find the perfect talent fit,” LinkedIn said in the earnings statement.
Connectifier built search technology that draws on artificial intelligence, and the search index contains profiles for more than 400 million job candidates. Founders Ben McCann and John Jersin previously worked at Google.
Last year Connectifier raised $6 million in funding. Investors include Goldcrest Investments, K5 Ventures, Okapi Venture Capital, True Ventures, Andrew Chen, and James Hong. Founded in 2012 and based in Costa Mesa, California, the startup has profiles for 47 people on its website.
The entire team is not joining LinkedIn, according to a blog post today from Jersin.
“While some of the team will be freely pursuing their next adventure, our R&D team will be relocating to the San Francisco Bay Area to play a large role in the future of the LinkedIn Talent Solutions product line,” Jersin wrote.
Connectifier's customers include Dropbox, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, PayPal, Salesforce, Twitter, and VMware.
The Connectifier product, which has free and premium tiers, will remain available in the near future.
“Over the coming weeks, we will continue to support Connectifier's existing products while we focus on making this integration successful — this involves determining how we can best integrate Connectifier to create the most value for our members, customers, and business,” Jersin wrote.
Other recent LinkedIn acquisitions include Fliptop and Lynda.com.
Voyage to Farland is a tough-as-nails turn-based graphical dungeon crawler inspired by the cult-classic Japanese Mystery Dungeon games.
Languages: English & Japanese. (英語/日本語)
A homeless wanderer enters the forested valley called Iya Gorge - a strange land filled with mystery, danger and frightful creatures possessing fell powers. In search of a lost sister, the wanderer takes on challenges in forests, dungeons, and caverns to defeat an evil witch who has kidnapped the local children.
But completing that quest is just the start, for beyond it lies the more daunting task, embarking on The Path of No Return, a brutal trail through catacombs and treacherous lands to reach the mythical place known to locals simply as "Farland".
There, a fascinating surprise awaits our undaunted adventurer...
Highlights include procedural generation, emergent puzzles and a unique "kimokawa" (cute but creepy) art style to offer indie fans a game inspired by the hardcore 16-bit golden age of gaming.
Features:
replayability that will keep you busy for months to come
tons of monster types with devious abilities
starter dungeon and 4 unlockable themed dungeons
4 NPCs you can recruit to help you fight
rescue codes to save and be saved by other players
Fun things you can do in Voyage to Farland:
get a pet robot you can level up
find the introverted outcast monster and make him your ally
go rafting in the Twilight Stream (spoiler alert!)
take on the challenge of the Strategy Dungeon
build weapon & shield enchantments and store gear in a warehouse
Steam key included!
"Noticeably more difficult than other genre entries I've experienced ... I still had fun with it" - Wraithkal review
"The graphics may look fun and cute, but don't let them fool you - this is as serious and deep of a roguelike as I've seen." - Charlie's POV review
Free Demo version! (see below)
Guide to Not Dying (With hints, tips & tricks.)
System Requirements:
Java 1.6 runtime or newer
1.5GHz CPU
1GB RAM
25MB disk space
Graphics card/chipset and driver supporting OpenGL
Thanks for trying the game! As a special bonus for itch.io fans, the Android version of Voyage to Farland is also included.
Feel free to contact me for support, questions, etc.
Let's be blunt: Democratic Party operative Robert Creamer used terror to wage war on honesty. Until forced to resign his post as a “consultant” with a Democratic Party-aligned organization named Americans United for Change, Creamer ran what amounts to a domestic U.S. political terror and propaganda operation dedicated to undermining the 2016 U.S. presidential election—“rigging the election,” to use the current term.
Yes, Creamer's operation uses terror—and three investigative videos recently released by Project Veritas contain information supporting my assessment.
(“Rigging The Election,” Part One, Part Two and Part Three, released October 24).
Creamer resigned as an official consultant because Part One and Part Two exposed him. His operation, however, remains active and continues to do damage. The election rigging scheme he commanded relies on street thuggery. That means physical fear—terror—is a core component of Americans United for Change's crooked enterprise. Street thuggery is very low-level terrorism, but it is a type of terrorism nonetheless and it is wrong to call it otherwise. Hardboy muscle, bottles and two by fours are street thuggery's kinetics. Bottles and baseball bats are not Al Qaeda's high explosives—but they incite fear and when they crack heads they cause casualties. People bleed. Street thuggery as an arm of politics is violent, criminalized politics on an ugly downward slope to much worse, the worse including lynchings and pogroms. If you don't think street thuggery is terror then consider Kristalnacht.
Creamer and his despicable compadres haven't killed anyone, not yet. But this year Creamer and his operatives have used the terror of actual physical attack and a supporting suite of provocation tactics (threat tactics) to successfully shatter several lawful political rallies held by Republican candidates. Creamer's media component insures that the violence committed by Creamer thugs and the violence they provoked generates sensational violent imagery and sensational reports of violence for dissemination by other media. The result is sensational propaganda benefiting the Democratic Party and its fawning media. See those Republicans? See the violence??!!
A vicious enterprise? Yes, through and through. The despicable scheme wages all-out war on honesty.
* * *
“Where have all the fascists gone?” this column asked in June after attacks on Trump supporters in New Mexico and violent protestors chased Trump supporters in San Jose, California.
At the time, the violent incidents didn't strike me as random. Project Veritas videos Part One and Part Two provide strong evidence that the violence and intimidation and subsequent media accusations were calculated policy. Note in the Guardian's report on San Jose, Clinton's campaign chair said “Violence has no place in this election.”
This second article reports that Trump supporters in San Jose were not only chased, they were brutalized.
It also names the Clinton campaign chair, John Podesta, the fellow whose hacked campaign emails Wikileaks acquired.
Evidence is emerging that Team Clinton (which includes Podesta) knows its own operatives stirred the violence and the connection is “bird dogging.”
If you're a Democrat crook, in Obama's Crooked Era you escape accountability for dreadful crimes.
“Bird dogging” is direct, get in your face confrontation, so it always involves a degree of intimidation and theatricality. However, it does not have to be violent.
Politico reported bird dogging tactics at the Democratic National Convention. The bird doggers from the hard left Public Citizen organization were crashing soirees to expose ethical breaches and cozy relationships. As far as I can tell, Public Citizen didn't bird dog the Clinton Foundation, so rate its effort as bird puppying.
Creamer and his thugs, however, use the direct confrontation to disrupt Republican campaign events. As the linked Breitbart report noted, in the case of Trump campaign rallies, they seek to incite violence at Trump campaign events.
One of John Podesta's hacked emails mentions bird dogging.
In the email chain Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook appears to approve a bird dogging operation:
From:re47@hillaryclinton.com To: xhinojosa@hillaryclinton.com Date: 2015-07-04 01:40 Subject: Re: Hi Looks good. I'd tether the challenge around her interview. Perhaps the day before. On her speech–my preference would be dot stick to sanders and only engage GOP. Curious if digital team has other ideas on what we could build around the interview or la Raza to elevate the challenge piece. On Jul 3, 2015, at 10:49 PM, Xochitl Hinojosa <xhinojosa@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: All, I've included a draft plan on how we can go after Trump's comments over the next week leading up to NCLR.…DREAMers have been bird dogging Republican presidential candidates on DACA/DAPA, but they've learned to respond. There's an opportunity to bird dog and record questions about Trump's comments and connect it to the policy.
Violence has no place in this election, so say you John Podesta. Why John, I absolutely agree. So use your noggin', John. Apply logic—you know, P implies Q.
No violence, John. But your side generated the violence, John…so that means you and Team Clinton have no place in this election, either. Withdraw, now, John. QED.
* * *
The mainstream media outrage tsunami damning Robert Creamer has failed to appear.
Well, the Democrats have Media Privilege.
Iowahawk's (David Burge) famous quip applies to Creamer and Hillary, “Journalism is about covering important stories. With a pillow. Until they stop moving.”
Several websites have followed-up Project Veritas' revelations with tough reporting on Creamer and his chief co-conspirator Scott Foval—The Hideous Scott Foval.
I've already linked to a Breitbart report.
Zerohedge and The American Thinker deserve mention.
Who is Creamer?
He is a follower of political radical Saul Alinsky, an Alinskyite of the old hard left school.
He is the author of a hard left guide to politics and political action, “Stand Up Straight” (published in 2007).
He's a progressive lefty thinker and writes for Huffington Post and he supports Obama's Iran agreement, because, you know, peace man—Republicans are war, man.
He's also a convicted crook. Creamer did a stint in the pen for “tax violations and $2.3 million in bank fraud in relation to paying checks with insufficient funds, to fund his public interest group in the 1990s.”
He's a politically connected crook. His wife is Representative Janice “Jan” Schakowsky. Jan's represented Illinois' 9th congressional district since 1999.
But Robert Creamer has access his wife doesn't seem to have. Creamer has visited the White House 342 times and met with President Barack Obama at least 45 times. Note Zerohedge uses a screen shot of White House visitor logs to document the visits with Obama.
Yes, the man running a direct confrontation street thug operation on behalf of the Democratic Party had direct, personal and apparently unrestricted access to the highest levels of the Democratic Party which right now are the highest levels of the U.S. government.
Until now. The husband of a member of the House of Representatives has suddenly disappeared from view, unavailable for comment, smothered by the mainstream media pillow. He's become another Democrat un-person—a man who never existed, akin to the curiously-disappeared Jonathan Gruber, the MIT prof of ObamaCare and “the stupidity of the American voter” infamy.
* * *
Time Magazine had to diss Project Veritas' James O'Keefe, but that's expected. O'Keefe's a rebel upstart and Time is a mainstream outfit that favors liberals. Time is the fuddy duddy establishment that didn't do the investigative field work. “Lots of tape not much context,” Time sniffed as it began its assessment.
Yet Time's article undermines its own silly sniff. The context is omnipresent. The attacks on Trump supporters are fact. Creamer and The Hideous Scott Foval have resigned and run—and that is context.
I've gone through the Project Veritas videos. They are linked at the top of this essay.
They're fascinating. I'll hit some highlights.
Early in Part One The Hideous Scott Foval crows that Americans United for Change has a telephone “text conversation that never ends” which ultimately links to the Democratic National Committee. At 2:54 he tells an undercover Project Veritas reporter that “I am contracted to him [Bob Creamer], but I answer to the head of Special Events for the DNC and the head of special events and political for the campaign.” The campaign is Hillary Clinton's campaign, the one John Podesta chairs.
One of the highlights in Part Two comes early, at 43 seconds, when an excited Creamer operative says “We've been bussing in people for 50 years and were not going to stop now.” What's he talking about? Massive voter fraud. Oh yes, fraud of the size that steals elections.
Proceed through the video and The Hideous Scott Foval provides a “how we do it guide” to election rigging.
At 3:40 The Hideous Scott Foval minimizes the possibility of being prosecuted for voter fraud. Sure, moving people across state lines to vote illegally is illegal but “Who would they charge?” The Hideous Scott Foval asks.
From 4:20 through roughly 5:05 The Hideous Scott Foval discusses some of the intricacies of illegal mass voting. “…They prove a conspiracy If there's a bus…” he says. But see, Robert Creamer and The Hideous Scott Foval are smart and these techniques are proven, tested by Democrats in 50 years of elections.
The Hideous Scott Foval says his team uses shell companies to hide the operation. At 5:30 he says car companies provide individual cars, the paychecks for fake voters come from another company.
Part Three links Hillary to Creamer's campaign malfeasance. Around 4:00 Creamer and other operatives are discussing introducing a “Chicken George” character to the 2016 election. In 1992 a mocking mascot named Chicken George heckled George H. W. Bush. What character should heckle Donald Trump? At 4:20 Creamer credits Hillary Clinton herself with insisting on ducks—Donald Ducks.
How clever of Hillary!!!! Hah hah hah.
At 7:40 The Hideous Scott Foval says that the Donald Duck characters will engage in “aggressive bird dogging.” The heckling operation includes disruptive ringing phones.
The Duck Clincher occurs around 10:00 as Creamer says that ABC—which is owned by Disney—had an issue with using Donald Duck. Donna Brazile didn't want Donald Duck tied to the DNC. So they tied the duck to Americans United For Change.
Follow the video to the end. Clearly the DNC and Americans United For Change have coordinated operations. Their duck muck violates election laws. These people are despicable. They're Hillary's Utterly Despicables.
* * *
Where's the outrage?
Christian Adams succinctly excoriated mainstream media disinterest on Fox and Friends (as quoted by The American Thinker):
Look, if this was a tea party group coordinating with the Trump campaign to incite violence at Clinton rallies or NAACP events or whatever, we know exactly what would be happening. This would be Justice Department fully investigating this for civil rights violations and all sorts of things. This is a Justice Department and an FBI that is dolling out justice based on your politics. If you support Clinton, if you are Clinton, you can engage in all sorts of misbehavior without consequence. If you are the IRS commissioner or an attorney general who is held in criminal contempt, he would give you a pass. You don't face justice under this administration.
Well said. If you're a Democrat crook, in Obama's Crooked Era you escape accountability for dreadful crimes. This is despicable. Utterly despicable.
SEE ALSO: TABLOID SIMPLICITY: PUBLIC AND PRIVATE POSITIONS VS PRIVATE PARTS
Austin Bay is a contributing editor at and adjunct professor at the University of Texas in Austin. His most recent book is a biography of Kemal Ataturk (Macmillan 2011). Bay is a retired U.S. Army Reserve colonel and Iraq veteran. He has a Ph.D. in comparative literature from Columbia University.
A new billboard in Phoenix that depicts President Donald Trump as Hitler surrounded by dollar sign swastikas is raising some eyebrows.
Artist Karen Fiorito reportedly designed the billboard on Grand Avenue which shows Trump and red nuclear explosions surrounded by the hate symbols.
On the other side of the billboard is an image with hands signing 'unity' in sign language.
People had mixed reactions about the Nazi-themed billboard with Swastikas and explosions
The opposite side of the billboard showed hands signing the word 'unity' in sign language
Fiorito wrote on Facebook: 'Still awaiting the backlash, death threats and the like. Wish I had time to drive to Phoenix to see the reactions of people on the street!'
Limited Liability Corporation which supports the arts gave Fiorito the opportunity to make the anti-Trump billboard according to Fox 29.
Unsurprisingly, the post has attracted mixed reactions. Some people thought this was a fair use of artistic expression and an important warning whereas others thought it was completely out of line and disrespectful to the 45th president.
Karen Fiorito (pictured with Moby) designed the billboards with the Swastika symbols by Hugh Gran
The top comment read: 'It's astounding that so many are offended by a SYMBOL of something but not offended by a minimum of 3 avowed white supremacists right next to #45, banning people for their religion, alleged ties with dictators, homophobic policy changes, Jewish cemetery defacement and white on Muslim attacks.'
The second top comment was completely opposed to the billboard and said: 'You are a sick, disgusting person to compare President Trump to anything like this. What is wrong with you?? You need some SERIOUS mental health help!'
A few people commented that the billboard trivializes the Holocaust and Nazi Germany.
The artist told Fox 29: 'There's a lot of tension right now in the air, and I'm trying to express that for a lot of people who feel they don't have a voice right now.'
President Trump won Maricopa County with 49.69 percent of the votes while Hillary Clinton earned 45.22 percent.
1 Suso has impressed with Almeria
Get ready for the SASAS, Kopites. talkSPORT's Spanish football correspondent Lee Roden has his finger on the pulse of La Liga and here he profiles the exciting Liverpool youngster learning his trade in one of Europe's best divisions…
Last year was an exceptional one for Jesus Joaquin Fernandez Saez de la Torre, better known as Suso.
At the tender age of 18, by the time the summer had passed, he had won the U19 European Championship with Spain. By the autumn, he had made his first team debut with Liverpool. By the new year, his number of appearances with the Reds had reached double figures.
In the summer of 2013 he faced a different task, however; the challenge of going on loan to a new league, playing as often as possible, and hopefully, returning to Anfield a more mature player, ready to start games regularly in the future.
The good news for Liverpool is that he has grabbed the opportunity with both hands, and is succeeding in his mission. In fact, many in Spain simply can't stop talking about him.
Suso's situation at Almeria couldn't be more different to the one he was accustomed to at Liverpool. At Anfield, the Spaniard was a bright young talent, facing the pressure of breaking into the first team and attempting to maintain a high level that would keep him in Brendan Rodgers' plans.
At Almeria, on the other hand, he is the club's superstar – despite still being only 19 – his reputation from Spain's youth teams as well as the stature that comes with playing for Liverpool elevating him above players with far more experience at the Andalucian club.
In the face of that expectation, the youngster has shown incredible maturity, never shying from the ball and constantly looking to help his side out. Suso seems to thrive on the pressure, aware of what he can bring to the struggling team, and is notably happy to play across any of the attacking midfield positions in order to assist as best as possible.
The player recently spoke at length about his decision to join Almeria, despite other major offers, in an interview with Sandra Galvez. His words show just how dedicated he is to Liverpool.
“I had bigger offers than the Almeria one, in particular one from Germany, but I wanted to stay attached to Liverpool, an important team for me. When I learned of Almeria's interest, I didn't think twice. My goal is to play as much as possible, experience La Liga, and help my team to stay up.”
So far, he is certainly doing his best to help them in their goal. Almeria currently sit second from bottom in La Liga, yet with only three points more, they could be three places clear of the drop zone. It's tight down there, and it is already evident that the Liverpool loanee will be key to their hopes of escaping.
His ability to provide goals is particularly crucial. With five assists so far in the league, he only trails Atletico Madrid's Koke and Barcelona's Neymar in that department.
His most recent assist came in a vital 1-0 win over Valladolid last weekend. It is fitting therefore that Valladolid fansite Blanquivioletas.es talked up his ability ahead of the game, noting that he is the ‘kind of player that can cut an opposition defence open and change the tide of a game'.
They add that ‘his strength is undoubtedly his vision, he is capable of threading passes to strikers that most players couldn't even imagine, and he can do it thanks to his technique and creativity. He's the kind of player you can expect anything from'.
It's safe to say that they are impressed with the Liverpool man, therefore, and like many in Spain, they now have a clear picture of his virtues after a relatively short period of time in the league. That says something about the impact he has had.
The eulogies don't stop there. Vavel.com talk of Suso as a player that is ‘the biggest attraction' at Almeria. They add that he is ‘one of those players that makes it worth paying for a ticket to see', ‘when he has the ball you don't know where he's going to surprise you, his repertoire of techniques is infinite, it's very difficult to get the ball off him, and he has a golden left foot'. Again, like the others, they also stress just how important he will be for Almeria if they want to stay up.
In truth, from a Liverpool perspective, it isn't particularly important if Almeria get relegated or not, but what is important is that Suso is playing regularly and playing well. In that regard, everything is going to plan for the Reds, and if things continue on their current trajectory, it would be a shock if Brendan Rodgers doesn't consider him as part of his plans next season.
As it stands, not only is Suso playing well, but he is playing so well that he could yet save the Andalucians from the drop. Should he manage to do that, he will leave Almeria a hero, just as he already looks likely to return to Liverpool a finished product.
Liverpool fans, do you see Suso as a future regular for the Reds? Let us know below…
There has been some publicity lately about a report written by Professor Alexis Jay called the “Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Exploitation in Rotherham.” Some of this commentary has been about the lack of commentary from feminists, particularly given that most of the children being exploited were females and that exploitation included rape.
Child sexual exploitation, for those of you not current in the Sacred Babble of Feminism, was once known as child prostitution.
A major reason why feminists are reluctant to comment is that these events happened on their watch.
The report covers the years from 1997 until 2013. From 1997 until 2010, the UK was run by the feminist party of choice: the Labour Party. Under Tony Blair, and later Gordon Brown, the avowed feminists sought to introduce all kinds of measures to protect women and their children (with fathers being clearly an optional extra for the state definition of “family”).
Since 2010, the country has been led by a coalition of the Conservatives, led by David Cameron, and the Liberal Democrats, led by Nick Clegg. This coalition has accommodated feminism in a way that would allow the casual onlooker to be unaware that the government had actually changed hands.
At the local level, the feminist-friendly Labour Party enjoyed a majority in the Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council such that it was practically a one-party-town. From the report:
The Council comprises 63 elected members, of whom there are 49 Labour, 2 Conservatives, 10 UKIP and 2 Independents. Prior to the local elections in May 2014, there were 57 Labour, 4 Conservatives, 1 UKIP and 1 Independent.
Whatever these children may have lacked, it was not a lack of committees, boards, forums, new laws, and “multi-agency responses.”
Until 2004, responsibility for overseeing and coordinating a multi-agency response to child sexual abuse and exploitation lay with the Area Child Protection Committee. In early 2005, this responsibility passed to the Local Safeguarding Children Board (the Safeguarding Board), which was established by the Children Act 2004.
The new laws didn't end there. The British Home Office released a pamphlet called “Children and Families: Safer from Sexual Crime” to herald the good news of the Sexual Offences Act 2003, which, according to Professor Jay, provided “more specific and explicit wording” to make sure all kinds of sexual exploitation were criminalized.
Yes, and all sorts of groups, agencies, and government departments got funding, funding, and more funding. There were reports, conferences, action plans, and training seminars. Even the police joined the party with Operation Central as well as cooperating with all the aforementioned agencies.
All this and more, driven by feminist academics and feminist bureaucrats.
And while it keeps those feminist academics and bureaucrats funded, and feminist commentators everywhere are sanctimoniously claiming the taxpayers are funding “social justice,” many children are still, to this day, being shamelessly exploited by criminal elements right under their feminist noses.
But the feminist laws were not just simply ineffective. Consider this statement from the report:
In two of the cases we read, fathers tracked down their daughters and tried to remove them from houses where they were being abused, only to be arrested themselves when police were called to the scene.
The problem for the fathers was that, under British law, they have no rights when it comes to their own children. None whatsoever, thanks to feminist lobbying that goes back to the 1960s. With no rights to discipline their children, parents have all the responsibility of raising their children with no authority at all.
Therefore, when children are seduced by these criminals with booze, drugs, mobile phones, and other cheap but effective tricks, parents are powerless. But it's not just parents who are powerless.
One parent, who agreed to her child being placed in a residential unit in order to protect her, wrote to children's social care expressing her fears for her daughter's safety. She described her despair that instead of being protected, her child was being exposed to even worse abuse than when she was at home: “My child (age 13) may appear to be a mature child, yet some of her actions and the risks to which she constantly puts herself are those of a very immature and naïve person. She constantly stays out all night getting drunk, mixing with older mature adults, and refuses to be bound by any rules.”
Yes, the state is as guilty as any parent the normally shrill commentariat wish to castigate for letting these children run wild. And it is here where the real difficulty in dealing with these crimes emerges. As long as the children insist they are willing participants, feminist logic (from judges as much as social workers) and feminist laws prevent anyone else from “interfering” in their choices.
And unlike ordinary parents, children already “in care” can't be taken from the state residential unit and put somewhere else “in care.” To make matters even worse, these feminist-approved residential units that keep children from their allegedly abusive fathers were, apparently, an excellent recruitment ground for underage prostitutes.
The alleged culprits also present two special problems for feminists. The report is clear that the children are being preyed on by men of predominantly Pakistani origin.
The first problem is ideological. Through the various waves, feminism has always maintained that “Patriarchy” is directly linked to Western society, capitalism, and colonialism. These forces have brought about the gender roles that feminists claim has caused inequality for females. Importantly, feminism declares this unfair because the gender roles are not inherent traits due to biological sex but instead “social constructs” designed to enforce and perpetuate “The Patriarchy.”
In most feminist writings, the White heterosexual male is the villain of the saga. Indeed, authors like Nathanson and Young have argued that African Americans and gay men in the USA and Canada often enjoy, in the feminist mind, the status of “honorary women” because of their own victimization.
In British feminism, that status would certainly apply to those of Indian and Pakistani origin given the British history of colonization and their countries' relatively recent (1947) independence. Indeed, this status would have been directly linked to the push to allow such high levels of immigration from those countries.
However, recent feminist-driven moves to target women for aid in Third World countries has seen a change in feminist thought in this regard. To justify this behaviour, “Patriarchy” has to be given a new context. It needs to be seen as something that is inherently male-oriented. Given the chance, males will implement a version of “The Patriarchy” anywhere, anytime. That's why it is endemic in Western society, but also dominant in Third World countries.
The problem here, of course, is that the “social construct” argument bites the dust, and Western society and perhaps even to some extent White males lose something of their demonic status. Hence feminism's overall reluctance to deal with the issue.
The other problem directly related with these alleged perpetrators is something that is close to every influential feminist's heart: funding.
These migrants are really economic refugees. They bring very little with them in their move to Britain. For the Social Justice Warrior, this means there are endless opportunities to portray these people as victims of racial discrimination.
If there are no translation services: racism. If the individuals are not educated: racism. If their qualifications are not recognized: racism. If they can't get a job: racism. If they can't get a house: racism. The list goes on.
Of course, the answer to this racism is virtually identical to those children suffering from child sexual exploitation. They need inquiries, reports, committees, boards, forums, new laws, and “multi-agency responses” too. To deny them these would be racist.
And all of that means funding, quite often for the same academics and bureaucrats. But, even when their fields of “expertise” don't mix, the fact that one lot got funding is plenty of emotional blackmail for the other lot in their lobbying efforts.
So the feminists have instinctively sat on their hands on this, although some have recently been shamed into mumbling something close to nothing on the matter. They don't want to blow too hard or the whole house of cards might fall.
Links
http://www.rotherham.gov.uk/downloads/file/1407/independent_inquiry_cse_in_rotherham
http://www.gmc-uk.org/sex_offences_act_2.pdf_48793788.pdf
As more and more money has flooded into the esports industry, player rights have been a hot topic across multiple games. Careers in esports can be extremely short, making it all the more important to ensure that players receive their fair share of the profits their work generates. With that in mind, Riot Games, producer of League of Legends and proprietor of the wildly popular League Championship Series, recently announced a plan to create and fund a player's association, a group that will perform many of the functions associated with a union and will be the first of its kind in esports.
According to Riot's description of the plan, the company will be “providing pros the resources to set up a Players' Association.” The players will vote on representatives who will take part in league decisionmaking. (Riot says players will be choosing from “a short list of representatives” that will be presented to the players in June, and the players will have the option of rejecting any and all candidates provided and electing whoever they like.) Once formed, the association will provide legal help, career-planning advice, and represent the players in what Riot calls “tri-party” negotiations between Riot, team owners, and the players themselves.
While this sounds at first like excellent news for players, League of Legends players—and those in esports run by similarly large corporations such as Blizzard, which owns Overwatch, and Valve, which owns Dota 2—should be highly wary of any sort of company involvement in a player's association. The conflict of interest inherent in a company running its own union is why such arrangements are illegal under the National Labor Relations Act. Section 8(a)(2) of the law forbids establishment and control of a “company union” and makes it illegal for employers “to dominate or interfere with the formation or administration of any labor organization or contribute financial or other support to it.”
Chris Greeley of Riot league operations tells me that what Riot is funding is not a union but rather a professional association, “an organization that can serve many different purposes (including negotiating on behalf of ‘the profession'),” and also notes that the players are employed by teams (i.e. Cloud 9 and Counter Logic Gaming) rather than by Riot itself. Greeley adds:
“The Players' Association that the players are currently exploring would be established by the players' representative as a professional association. At some point in the future if the players decided that they want to unionize and register with the NLRB, they will have the option to forgo Riot funding and self-fund. It is our expectation and our hope that that happens at some point in the future, but in the meantime this association is designed to give the players a seat at the table and make sure that we're aware of and responding to the things that are important to them.”
Advertisement
I asked William Gould IV of Stanford, an expert in entertainment and sports law, if he thought Riot's explanation passed muster. “The National Labor Relations Act doesn't apply simply to so-called unions. It applies to any labor organization,” Gould told me over the phone on Monday. “Therefore, it appears that this ‘association' is a labor organization and would be covered by the statute.
“The underlying point here is that the organization, the group, is a labor organization within the meaning of the act, and it's unlawful to provide assistance—financial assistance or support for it. The fact that players are employed by the teams, well, that's generally true, but that's not dispositive of these two basic questions. Any association that involves relationships with an employer over working conditions as well as other aspects of employment is a labor organization within the meaning of the law. A company giving financial support or other forms of support of such organizations is a violation of the law. I think that the problem here is that this party would be, at a minimum, viewed to be an agent of the respective teams.”
Call it a union, an association, a council, or whatever you want—any sort of worker's group supported by the boss should be met with heavy skepticism. Specifically, there should be concern over the fact that the players will have to forego Riot's funded players association if they wish to go independent and form a union. It's naive to expect that the existence of a Riot-funded association won't discourage the players from going the more expensive and difficult route of forming their own independent union. And independence is critical when it comes to ensuring the players earn the full value of their work.
Advertisement
The early days of the Major League Baseball Player's Association offer a perfect lesson in why that independence is so important. Prior to the official formation of the Player's Association under executive director Marvin Miller in 1965, players had no official group or headquarters. As Miller wrote in his autobiography, A Whole Different Ball Game, all they had was “a filing cabinet in the office of a players' licensing agent named Frank Scott.” In 1959, ownership had convinced the players to bring on one of their men, Milwaukee judge Robert Cannon, as an advisor. Cannon was entirely in the owners' pockets and routinely bragged about baseball having the “finest relationship between players and management in the history of the sport.”
That fine relationship produced atrocious working conditions. Players told Miller that playing fields and locker rooms were so poorly kept as to be dangerous, that the players hadn't received a raise when the schedule was increased by eight games in the early 1960s, and that the players' pension plan was virtually nonexistent. The minimum salary had remained stagnant for nearly two decades, stuck at $6,000 since 1946—a pittance for a group of workers expected to maintain separate homes for spring training and the regular season. Major League Baseball's revenue had steadily grown over the previous 20 years, but more and more players were finding themselves having to take second jobs just to keep the dream alive. Cannon's input, naturally, was to tell the players they were lucky to get to play the greatest game known to man.
Advertisement
Much as Riot promises to fund the start of their League of Legends association, Major League Baseball planned to fund the Player's Association with $150,000 drawn from the All-Star Game's revenue, with one-third of that slated for the executive director's salary. As Miller ran for the office of executive director during spring training of the 1966 season, he found that ownership was not done meddling in union matters—ownership had been pushing none other than Judge Cannon as a candidate for the position, and working hard to flip team managers and players to their side.
As Miller made the rounds on the West Coast, he found that he was the target of a significant sabotage campaign. Throughout his West Coast swing, Miller found himself inundated with questions, mostly from team managers, suggesting he was unfit to lead the player's union. (Notably, Cleveland Indians manager Birdie Tebbets accused Miller of being a communist.) With the managers conducting the votes—another conflict of interest—Miller was rebuked by a 102-17 vote by the five teams that conducted spring training on the West Coast.
Luckily for Miller, things changed when he headed to Florida, where the majority of MLB teams conducted spring training at the time. Players like Hall of Fame pitcher Robin Roberts, the man who asked Miller to run in the first place, had been drilling home the importance of an independent players' association and refused to allow the kind of mishandling of the vote that occurred out west. Had it not been for their efforts, the Major League Baseball Player's Association very likely would have been run by Cannon or some other owners' man. MLB had even tried to convince the players to hire Richard Nixon as their general counsel. Somehow, I have a hard time imagining Nixon pushing for a robust pension plan for baseball players.
Advertisement
Without somebody like Miller, previously a high-ranking member of the Steelworkers' Union, one of the nation's most powerful, labor-management relations in baseball may well have continued as they did for the game's first century of existence: Fine as can be for the owners, with the players told they're lucky to get anything at all. There's no reason League of Legends players should expect anything else in their dealings with Riot. Ownership will always act with their own best interests in mind. They cannot be counted on to do anything else. It is as Miller told the New York Yankees as he campaigned for the executive director position in spring of 1966:
“I want you to understand that this is going to be an adversarial relationship. A union is not a social club. A union is a restraint on what an employer can otherwise do. If you expect the owners to like me, to praise me, to compliment me, you'll be disappointed. In fact, if I'm elected and you find the owners telling you what a great guy I am, fire me! Don't hesitate, because it can't be that way if your director is doing his job. The owners loved Judge Cannon. Don't make the same mistake with your executive director.”
Miller wrote his autobiography in 1992, 25 years after his MLBPA project began. By that point, average salaries were roughly 50 times higher, the average salary roughly 16 times higher, and top-level salaries were roughly 30 times higher. In the 25 years since then, the league's revenue and player compensation have both continued to skyrocket. None of the union's major victories—like the death of the reserve clause, which bound players to teams permanently, or the institution of a robust pension plan that guarantees health insurance for anybody who puts in even a single day of MLB service time—would have been possible without a truly independent union.
Advertisement
League of Legends players and those in other esports have a desperate need for some form of labor protection. But what Riot Games—a company union, to all appearances, whatever name it goes by—is not the solution. Miller was absolutely right when he said that the relationship between employer and employee is inherently adversarial, and there is no special reason to believe that Riot will live up to its stated intent to let the association become independent when it has a financial stake in its creation. Indeed, this is why the law expressly forbids company-backed labor organizations. A League of Legends player's association is an admirable goal, but if it is to succeed in the way the Major League Baseball Player's Association succeeded in the second half of the 20th century, it must be an effort truly by and for the players, not one made with ownership constantly looking over their shoulders.
Jack Moore is a freelance sportswriter living and working in Minneapolis. Catch him playing competitive Sm4sh under the tag Jackie Peanuts.
