Laura Loomer, a right-wing activist known for her “journalism” practice of harassing politicians and actual journalists, took to Twitter after news broke of a terror attack in New York City to unveil her deep disdain for all Muslim people.
Yesterday, in the wake of a terror attack that killed eight people in Manhattan, Loomer took to Twitter and Periscope to continue her shtick of harassing actual news reporters and espousing conspiracy theories about breaking news events. Her typical routine took a dark twist, however, when investigators revealed the suspected attacker was a domestically radicalized Muslim associated with ISIS.
When information about the attacker's identity was publicized, Loomer launched into a full-out Muslim-bashing meltdown that only grew more intense with the passage of time.
Loomer began by identifying herself as a “Proud Islamophobe” and labeling Muslims “savages” who “ruin everything”:
Then let me be the first to say I never want another Muslim entering this country EVER AGAIN! #ProudIslamophobe https://t.co/1ULHhhorYn — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 31, 2017
Leave it to Muslims to ruin everything. People can't even enjoy #Halloween without those savages f**king everything up for everyone. https://t.co/KNRwUM7EJk — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 31, 2017
She later stated that “Islam is cancer” and “we should never let another Muslim into the civilized world”:
How many more people need to die before everyone agrees that Islam is cancer & we should never let another Muslim into the civilized world? — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 31, 2017
Loomer then declared there is “no such thing as a moderate Muslim. They're ALL the same”:
There's no such thing as a moderate Muslim. They're ALL the same. It's time for us to accept this reality. I refuse to watch more ppl die. — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 31, 2017
Loomer later lashed out at The New York Times for sending a hijab-wearing reporter to cover the attack:
.@nytimes sent a female Muslim hijab wearing reporter to cover #ISIS terror attack in NYC. I asked her to disavow, she laughed & refused! — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) November 1, 2017
Loomer claimed that Muslims “deserve” anti-Muslim sentiments in the wake of the attack, urging people to “bring it on”:
They deserve it. Maybe when they all decide to condemn Islamic terror I might feel bad for them, but for now, bring it on. #BanIslam https://t.co/WHwdxkZqwK — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) November 1, 2017
When news reports revealed that the attacker worked as a driver for Uber, Loomer suggested making a Muslim-free alternative to the ride-sharing service so she never has to “support another Islamic immigrant driver”:
Someone needs to create a non Islamic form of @uber or @lyft because I never want to support another Islamic immigrant driver. — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) November 1, 2017
Loomer then revealed that she generally tries “not support Muslim owned businesses companies” in New York and complained that immigration policies make that mission difficult:
I generally try to not support Muslim owned businesses companies here in NY. That shouldn't be hard to do in US, but w/ immigration it is. https://t.co/6wySEQQWkR — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) November 1, 2017
Despite her far-out tactics and transparently bigoted views, many right-wing outlets such as Fox News, Infowars, Wayne Allyn Root and Mike Cernovich continue to host Loomer as a reputable journalist.
WASHINGTON — U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner has a modest proposal for the Twitter account of President Donald Trump.
Instead of getting him to stop Tweeting — as even some of his supporters have suggested — Gardner wants to equip his account with a pause feature — a tool to give Trump an hour to think about his tweets before he launches them.
“Maybe there is a need for a little bit of delay before that send button gets hit,” Gardner said.
It's an idea that's more wishful thinking than actual reality. But for lawmakers such as Gardner, a Republican senator in a state won by Hillary Clinton, there is a certain appeal to putting some distance between Trump's rhetoric and Colorado voters — especially since Gardner has come under significant pressure from constituents and liberal activists since Trump took the oath of office Jan. 20.
The new president, through Tweet, speech and executive order, has rampaged his way through his first month in office — eliminating any doubt that his time in the White House would be any different than the 2016 presidential campaign.
This rapid-fire approach, which includes a controversial travel ban and crackdowns on immigration and federal hiring, has put pressure on Senate Republicans accustomed to a more deliberate pace, and Gardner in particular. Not only does Trump add an unpredictable variable to Gardner's own political fortunes, but Trump is certain to have an outsized impact on the 2018 midterm elections.
That's significant for Gardner because the first-term senator has been given the job of keeping the upper chamber in GOP control as the new head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, a campaign and fundraising arm of the party.
Over the next few months, Gardner will have to decide when the party will embrace Trump — and when it won't. The result is that Gardner, perhaps more than any other Republican senator, is the lawmaker to watch to best understand the lengths to which the GOP establishment will ally itself with Trump, the person, even as it tries to find common cause with his administration and specific policy goals such as the repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
“His charge over the next two years is to put Republicans in the Senate first,” said Larry Sabato, director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia. “When that means supporting Trump, he will support Trump. When that means opposing Trump, he will oppose Trump.”
A recent example is the travel ban that Trump tried to impose on several predominantly Muslim countries. Gardner took the side of Senate Republicans such as John McCain of Arizona and Bob Corker of Tennessee in criticizing the move — a departure from the support touted by lawmakers such as U.S. Rep. Doug Lamborn, R-Colorado Springs.
Conversely, Gardner has joined Trump in advocating for a repeal of the Affordable Care Act, known broadly as Obamacare. “It's time to fix our broken health care system and evaluate and implement ideas that will empower patients,” said Gardner in a statement at the time he backed the nomination of Tom Price, an Obamacare critic and Trump's pick to lead the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
The stance has put Gardner at the center of the ongoing debate on what to do with the health care law, which past Colorado leaders fully embraced as policy and was a key factor in the state slashing the number of residents without health insurance from nearly 15.8 percent in 2011 to 6.7 percent in 2015, according to the Colorado Health Institute.
Trump and other Republicans see the act as unwieldy and expensive, and they are trying to craft an alternative that's more business-oriented.
In the political arena, one factor in Gardner's favor is that the 2018 electoral map is very favorable for Republicans — so much so that Sabato said it is not inconceivable that Gardner could help the GOP transform its 52-seat majority in the Senate into a 60-seat powerhouse that could override any Democratic filibuster and turn Washington into a wish factory for GOP ideas.
In one sign of support, Gardner and the NRSC raised an estimated $4.2 million in January, outpacing their Democratic counterparts' haul of $3.6 million.
As for his own future, Gardner and Trump are on pace to appear together in more than three years on the 2020 ballot — an eternity in U.S. politics. But the current political landscape suggests Gardner has a tall mountain to climb in a state that gave Clinton a nearly 5 percentage point win over Trump in 2016.
“We have never been as polarized since the Civil War,” Sabato said. “And that is bad news for people like Cory Gardner.”
Upping the ante on Gardner is the near-constant pressure that Colorado liberals and Democrats have levied against him since the start of the administration. His office and inbox have been flooded with calls and e-mails, and activists have demanded he hold public town halls that the senator has so far declined to hold — all while protesting his state offices and even a recent trip Gardner took to the airport.
“At this point, Gardner's evasions and excuses are doing more harm than good,” said Ian Silverii, executive director of ProgressNow Colorado, in a statement. “It's time for Gardner to stop insulting the intelligence of the people who elected him and face his constituents.”
On Friday, activists held a “With or Without You” town hall meeting of their own at a Denver middle school.
Gardner's office issued this statement from the senator late Friday: “Throughout the week, I traveled across the Eastern Plains and the Front Range and had the opportunity to meet with and speak to hundreds of Coloradans and discuss issues ranging from the challenges facing the agriculture community to reforming our health care system. I sincerely value the thoughtful and productive discussions I had this week, and I'm grateful when my constituents contact me to express their thoughts and concerns because their feedback allows me to do my job best and develop legislative solutions that benefit Coloradans.”
During the 2016 presidential campaign, Gardner was more of a bystander than a foot soldier to the Trump campaign — ultimately deciding in October that he wouldn't vote for him after a video surfaced of Trump making vulgar comments about women.
And Colorado, too, was resistant to Trump among Republican circles — both in leading the anti-Trump movement at the Republican National Convention and supporting U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz during the GOP presidential contest.
Still, Gardner has faced pressure, too, from empowered Trump supporters in the state. Asked about Gardner, Robert Blaha, who served as chairman of Trump's Colorado campaign, spoke positively.
“I think Cory is an incredibly talented guy who is trying to decide how is he going to work with the administration. And I think time will tell,” Blaha said. “My opinion is that I believe this will be a very successful administration and I believe the people associated with this administration will reap the successes of being a part of this.”
But there also remains a general distrust of the political establishment. In a Facebook post launched Thursday, Blaha warned of the “Entitlement Permanent Political Class.”
“We finally have a President that has the guts to make tough decisions, stand up to the resistance and move America forward,” Blaha wrote. “Unfortunately, most of Congress has little to offer except making noise and knowing how to move up the bloated political chain. We need to totally clean up this entire group (Both sides of the aisle).”
How Gardner navigates the competing interests will test the limits of a politician who has made a career of sunny sound bites and the kind of dealmaking that comes from handshakes and not hand grenades.
So far, he has backed all of Trump's Cabinet nominees, including controversial picks such as Betsy DeVos for education secretary, while at the same time urging Trump to take a tougher global stance on Russia.
At the same time, Gardner's office on Friday was left puzzling on what to do with recent remarks from the White House that suggested recreational marijuana, legal in Colorado, would be subject to “greater enforcement.”
Gardner won't say how he thinks all of this could affect his own chances down the line. “I'm not going to even speculate about 2020,” Gardner said.
But he has not given up on his half-joking Twitter plan for Trump.
“This president has understood, far better than anybody, new ways to communicate with the American people,” Gardner said. “And he's incredibly effective at communicating. And that can work in his favor and that can create disruption.”
Though not everyone is willing to admit it, our planet is full of relics and monuments that prove Earth was once populated by extremely adva...
http://humansarefree.com/2017/08/third-snowy-pyramid-recently-discovered.html
Though not everyone is willing to admit it, our planet is full of relics and monuments that prove Earth was once populated by extremely advanced civilizations.
“ Go back 100 million years ago,” BAS's Dr. Vanessa Bowman said “and Antarctica was covered in lush rainforests similar to those that exist in New Zealand today.”
The resemblance is unsettling
Two more possible pyramids in Antarctica
Point in case: the third ice-covered pyramid discovered in Antarctica Ever since the service was released, Google Earth been a boon not just for conspiracy theorists but also for anyone looking to uncover clues about what lies hidden beyond sight.If you need a good vantage point, you need good eyes and altitude. Satellites have both. The latest in a group of three snow-covered pyramids was recently discovered through Google Earth satellite imagery and in a few days, the finding has taken the alternative history communities by storm.Two of the pyramids can be found approximately 10 miles inland while the third rests near the coastline.The implications of this discovery are complex and if accepted, it could turn the scientific world on its head. No history book ever mentioned an Antarctic civilization with the skills and technology necessary to erect enormous pyramids.There is one apparent reason behind this situation and by the looks of it, it would suggest tech-savvy civilizations existed on Earth a long time before our own emerged.Antarctica is now a frozen wasteland but it wasn't always like this. It got to its current position through plate tectonics, inching closer to the geographic South Pole year after year.Millions of years ago, Antarctica's climate was much warmer because its position was closer to the equator. This is established fact backed up by several accepted discoveries, not some wild speculation.Some years ago, the British Antarctic Survey (BAS) uncovered evidence that the antarctic climate was much different in the distant past.Another expedition – led by NASA and involving 11 other scientific organizations– discovered out-of-place microbial life forms in the depths of Antarctica's Lake Vida, trapped under a sheet of ice 65 feet thick.The microbial colonies had been prospering in isolation for millions of years and scientists believe they are the descendants of microorganisms that lived in a much warmer climate.Who knows what other enigmas lay buried in ice, hopelessly waiting to be revealed.Even with today's technology, building structures as massive as the pyramids of Antarctica would be nearly impossible. There are simply too many problems relating to manpower and the logistics required for such a project.If building these mysterious monuments were to be a viable venture, it must have taken place in the past, when Antarctica was a favorable place for human life.And this opens up a king-sized can of worms. The continent was habitable only in the very distant past, but mainstream science says the wheel wasn't invented until some 6,000 years ago.At the same time, anatomically-modern humans are said to have mastered fire only 125,000 years ago. So where do these controversial pyramids fit in?Are they evidence of an ancient advanced civilization or do we need to stretch our imagination even further and regard them as proof of time travel? The mind boggles when we remain attached to our outdated beliefs.Proponents of alternative history and fans of the ancient aliens hypothesis have no problem in accepting the parallel reality generated by such discoveries.It's not hard to see and accept that we aren't the first and though it may seem this way, we probably won't be the last.Thousands of years after they were built, we are still fascinated by the Egyptian pyramids.The monuments left behind by their society have stood the test of time and in more than one way, they've granted their builders immortality.Keeping that in mind, what could be said about pyramids that are millions of years old? Does that put our own lives into perspective and make us see the bigger picture?Or do we recoil in egotistic dismissal?
(CNN) -- Two Frenchmen and a German won the 2008 Nobel Prize in medicine for their discoveries of viruses that cause HIV and cervical cancer, the organization's Web site said Monday.
Luc Montagnier will split the $1.4 million prize with two others.
Francoise Barre-Sinoussi and Luc Montagnier of France were honored "for their discovery of human immunodeficiency virus." The pair is recognized as the discoverers in 1983 of the virus that can expose people to AIDS.
Both have been involved in breakthroughs in screening for HIV and efforts to develop a vaccine against the virus.
Harald zur Hausen of Germany was cited "for his discovery of human papilloma viruses causing cervical cancer" in women.
The Nobel Laureates in medicine will receive their awards in Stockholm, Sweden on December 10. They will split the the $1.4 million prize.
The awards' Swedish founder, dynamite inventor Alfred Nobel, created the prizes in the categories of medicine, physics, chemistry, literature and peace. Another award is made for economics.
The prizes include the money and an invitation to the prize ceremonies in Stockholm and Oslo on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death in 1896.
The winner of the most prestigious of the awards, the Peace prize, is expected to be announced on Friday. Last year former U.S. Vice President Al Gore shared the honor with the United Nations for raising climate change awareness.
(Reuters) - The head of the organization that stages the Miss America beauty pageant and other leaders with the group resigned on Saturday after a report this week alleging that emails he had sent were derogatory toward past winners.
FILE PHOTO: Contestants await the results after competing in the swimsuit component of the 97th Miss America Competition in Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S., September 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela/File Photo
Sam Haskell's resignation as executive chairman and chief executive of the Miss America Organization was accompanied by the departure of the organization's president, the chairman of the board and a board member.
Haskell had been suspended on Friday, one day after a Huffington Post report about the internal emails.
The pageant has for years faced criticism that it objectifies women, and the scandal over the emails has led to renewed scrutiny of the annual event in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
“This afternoon, the board of directors of the Miss America Organization accepted the resignation of Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sam Haskell, effective immediately,” Dan Meyers, interim chairman of the board, said in a statement.
Lynn Weidner, chairman of the 96-year-old organization's board, also resigned but will remain on the board up to 90 days to ensure a smooth transition to new leadership, Meyers said.
Josh Randle, president and COO, is also stepping down but will remain in his position temporarily, a Miss America Organization spokesman said in a statement.
On Friday, board member Tammy Haddad said in a statement she was following through on her plan to resign, effective immediately.
Haddad in emails had referred to past Miss America winners as “malcontents” and suggested hiring an investigator to look into the activities of one former winner, the Huffington Post reported.
Haddad, in an email to Reuters, said her intention in suggesting an investigation was only to discover the source of “anonymous character attacks” that had been launched on the Miss America private on-line community boards.
A representative for Haskell did not return emails on Saturday seeking comment. Weidner and Randle could not be reached for comment.
A representative for ABC, the division of the Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) that broadcasts the pageant, did not immediately return an email seeking comment.
Haskell, in a statement accompanying his suspension on Friday, said the emails cited by the Huffington Post were “conveniently edited.”
“I was under stress from a full year of attacks by two Miss Americas, and while I don't ever want to offer an excuse, I do want to offer context,” Haskell said.
Reuters has not obtained the emails cited by the Huffington Post.
In some emails, Haskell was demeaning of previous winners of the Miss America pageant, calling one woman “huge” and “gross” and commenting on her sex life in emails he sent in 2014 and 2015, according to the Huffington Post.
Haskell made the derogatory comments about the former pageant winner's weight in response to an email from Weidner, who attached a photo of several former Miss Americas but did not comment on the picture herself, the news website said.
Randle, responding to a 2015 email in which Haskell had written demeaningly about the former pageant winner, wrote, “She's a healthy one!” the Huffington Post reported.
Randle, in a statement to the New York Times, said he was not working at the Miss America Organization when he replied to the email and that he had apologized to the former pageant winner for his “lapse in judgment.”
It could be back to the drawing board for Roger Goodell. (Andrew Nelles/AP) It could be back to the drawing board for Roger Goodell. (Andrew Nelles/AP)
On Aug. 29, 2013, the NFL and over 4,000 former players who had sued the league agreed to a settlement totaling $760 million. The lawsuits stemmed from the contention that the NFL knew about the dangers of on-field head injuries long before it did enough about them, and that those players affected have not been helped enough in their post-football lives. The settlement came after more than two months of intense negotiations, and was given to Judge Anita Brody for preliminary approval
On Tuesday, Judge Brody denied that preliminary motion, stating in her ruling that she was concerned with a lack of documentation regarding the fairness of the final monetary figure, and whether the players involved would be diagnosed and paid properly based on their claims.
"Counsel for the Plaintiffs and the NFL Parties have made a commendable effort to reach a negotiated resolution to this dispute," Judge Brody wrote. "There is nothing to indicate that the Settlement is not the result of good faith, arm's-length negotiations between adversaries. Nonetheless, on the basis of the present record, I am not yet satisfied that the Settlement has no obvious deficiencies, grants no preferential treatment to segments of the class, and falls within the range of possible approval.”
As Judge Brody also wrote, players diagnosed with head trauma-related illnesses would be eligible for fixed monetary awards -- $1.5 million for Level 1 Neorocognitive Impairment; $3 million for Level 2 Neurocognitive Impairment; $3.5 million for Alzheimer's Disease; $3.5 million for Parkinson's Disease; $5 million for ALS; and $4 million for Death with CTE. While it may seem cold to attach numbers to such horrible circumstances, class-action cases are often partitioned as such.
[si_video id="video_8880514A-1C4E-70E4-D8DC-926DDDED164F" height="470"]
The problem, as Judge Brody sees it, is that the numbers simply don't add up.
The Settlement fixes the size of the Monetary Award Fund. It also fixes the Monetary Award level for each Qualifying Diagnosis, subject to a variety of offsets. In various hypothetical scenarios, the Monetary Award Fund may lack the necessary funds to pay Monetary Awards for Qualifying Diagnoses. More specifically, the Settlement contemplates a $675 million Monetary Award Fund with a 65-year lifespan for a Settlement Class of approximately 20,000 people. Retired NFL Football Players with a Qualifying Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease, for example, are eligible for a maximum award of $3.5 million; those with a Qualifying Diagnosis of ALS may receive up to $5 million. Even if only 10 percent of Retired NFL Football Players eventually receive a Qualifying Diagnosis, it is difficult to see how the Monetary Award Fund would have the funds available over its lifespan to pay all claimants at these significant award levels.
More worrisome seems to be the fact that Judge Brody was not provided with the financials she sought.
Plaintiffs allege that their economists conducted analyses to ensure that there would be sufficient funding to provide benefits to all eligible Class Members given the size of the Settlement Class and projected incidence rates, and Plaintiffs' counsel “believe” that the aggregate sum is sufficient to compensate all Retired NFL Football Players who may receive Qualifying Diagnoses. Unfortunately, no such analyses were provided to me in support of the Plaintiffs' Motion. In the absence of additional supporting evidence, I have concerns about the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy of the Settlement.
Jeb Bush and Donald Trump shake hands after the Republican presidential debate in Milwaukee in November. (AP/Morry Gash)
The months-long feud between Donald Trump and Jeb Bush went to a whole new place on Friday night as the GOP front-runner needled the former Florida governor for recruiting his "mommy," former first lady Barbara Bush, to help promote her son's candidacy.
It began with a new video message and handwritten letter by the Bush family matriarch that is being sent to voters in Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina. In the video, she says that "When push comes to shove people are going to realize Jeb has real solutions, rather than talking about how popular they are, how great they are."
That's seen as subtle knock at Trump and other GOP rivals, but — as we've seen so many other times over the course of this campaign — even the slightest of knocks doesn't go unnoticed by the New York real estate magnate.
Late Friday, Trump fired a zinger in Bush's direction via Twitter:
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb — mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 23, 2016
A few hours later, Bush responded in kind:
I'd be careful Donald pic.twitter.com/Y3iZmG4tt5 — Jeb Bush (@JebBush) January 23, 2016
No, your eyes do not deceive you — that is indeed Barbara Bush, the former first lady, literacy advocate and mother of another former president — wearing eye-black and shoulder pads.
And no, it's not a doctored photo.
She actually wore eye-black and shoulder pads in April 2014 in a photo shoot with Houston Texans player J.J. Watt as part of her campaign against illiteracy.
Tackling illiteracy with Mrs. Bush pic.twitter.com/7ibqNUy00B — JJ Watt (@JJWatt) April 25, 2014
The latest Twitter tit-for-tat came on the same day that Bush criticized the Republican National Committee for dropping the National Review magazine as a co-sponsor of a late February debate. The GOP dropped the conservative publication from the debate on Thursday after it published a series of essays criticizing Trump and labeling him dangerous to the future of American conservatism.
"I think that they would have all of these distinguished journalists and thought leaders of the conservative cause join together to say that Donald Trump is not a conservative — they're just telling the truth," he told Fox News Channel.
"It was the wrong thing to do. Donald Trump needs to defend why he was supportive of Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton, why he gave money to the foundation, why he gave money to her campaign," he added.
Even as Bush has sunk in the polls, Trump continued to pick away at him, and he rarely gets through a campaign rally or television interview without taking at least one if not several jabs at Bush. Trump often prefaces these attacks with the disclaimer that he really shouldn't pick on someone who is doing so poorly in the polls.
Trump has called Bush "low-energy," "so sad," a "sad sack," a "loser," "terrible," a "stiff," an "embarrassment" and "dumb as a rock." He has mocked Bush for spending tens of millions of dollars more than him, yet still not performing as well. And he has questioned why the candidate is going by "Jeb!" on the campaign trail instead of using his famous last name.
Bush has relentlessly focused on Trump over the course of the last few months, believing that he can win over undecided Republican voters by raising doubts about the front-runner's lack of conservative bona fides. The former governor has seen a modest uptick in his polling in recent days in places like New Hampshire, South Carolina and Florida, but he still trails Trump by double digits.
In the past few weeks, Bush's campaign has released a series of ads and snarky videos attacking Trump, including one this week that forewarns of Trump becoming the Republican nominee, losing to Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and then conceding the race in a tweet. These ads seem to have enraged Trump, who has intensified his attacks on Bush.
At a campaign event in Hilton Head, S.C., Republican front-runner Donald Trump criticized Jeb Bush for overspending on political advertisements and low poll numbers. (Reuters)
In late December, the super PAC supporting Bush's campaign released an ad that featured a heated exchange the two candidates had during a GOP debate, during which Bush told Trump he cannot insult his way to the White House. Trump said at a rally in Hilton Head, S.C., on Dec. 30 that the commercial was "false advertising" because "I killed him in the debate."
"I shouldn't even talk about him — he's down to two or three [percent in early polls], but it bothers me when I see guys spending, you know, 60 million dollars on ads," Trump said. "He should go home and relax, he shouldn't be wasting his time."
When Andrew M sent in information about an upcoming auction for a barn find Austin Healey 3000, I was driving through the middle of Montana and writing about it while driving just didn't seem like a safe idea. When I finally had a chance to get to it, the auction was nearly over. I couldn't find any information about how much it sold for so I just assumed it had sold and was off to a new home. It turned out that this barn find didn't end up selling though and thankfully, Andrew sent us another email letting us know it still was on the market. I haven't been able to find the reason this 3000 didn't sell at this past weekend's auction, but Auctions America has updated the listing with new information about making an offer. They don't offer much information, but the listing can be found here at Auctions America. Thanks for the tip Andrew!
This big Healey has obviously seen better days and the barn it was sitting in did little to preserve it. The interior is intact, but in sad shape. It's hard to tell from these photos what all it is going to need to be replaced and what can be restored. Typically auction houses are good about offering high quality photos and information, but the lack of details on this one could explain why it didn't sell. Simply cleaning it up and taking better photos would surely generate more interest.
One of the major appeals of a barn find is originality and a quick glance under the hood confirms that it is anything but. The engine appears to be the correct unit and there doesn't appear to be any signs of tampering, but there is lots of overspray. The firewall is wearing red paint, so it is safe to assume that to respray was in the correct or close to correct color. Any time I spot overspray I tend to get a bit nervous of what might be hiding underneath, so be sure to inspect it closely.
The 3000 isn't my personal favorite of the big Healeys, but I wouldn't mind taking one out for a spin. Values for these just keep going up, which leaves me curious as to why this one didn't sell. Perhaps the right buyer just wasn't in attendance or maybe the seller's reserve was simply too high? If anyone was there or has heard why it didn't sell, please share in the comments section below! I'd be very interested to hear what happened.
We know churches are tax-exempt. To the tune of $71,000,000,000 nationally. That exemption is contingent in part on the fact that they stay out of politics. They're not allowed to endorse candidates.
So what happens when a pastor tells his congregation to vote for Mitt Romney? What happens when many, many, many pastors do it all at once?
That's what's been happening for years now as part of “Pulpit Freedom Sunday” (taking place this year on October 7th):
Pastor Jim Garlow will stand before congregants at his 2,000-seat Skyline Wesleyan Church in La Mesa, California, on Sunday, October 7, just weeks before the U.S. presidential and congressional elections, and urge his flock to vote for or against particular candidates. … Last year, 539 pastors participated [in Pulpit Freedom Sunday]. This year organizers expect far more. Participants want to force the matter to court as freedom of speech and religion issue. “I believe we're on the early stages of the next great awakening,” Garlow told his congregation last year. “We're going to see it just sweep across this nation.”
So what has the IRS done about all these egregious violations of the 501(c)(3) regulations?
NOTHING.
… Although the agency has enforced the tax-exemption rules against churches in the past, it has so far ignored the provocations of Freedom Sunday. The IRS has also been silent about the increasingly aggressive political activity of the U.S. Catholic bishops, who have called for their own Fortnight for Freedom this week. Masses, rallies, and parish bulletins are being mobilized against the Obama administration's healthcare regulations on contraceptives. “It will get worse unless the IRS takes action, and they seem reluctant,” said Nicholas Cafardi, dean emeritus and professor of law at Duquesne University and the longtime lawyer for the Catholic diocese of Pittsburgh. … The IRS did not respond to Reuters questions about its enforcement activities in recent years, or explain why they seem to have ended abruptly in 2009.
These churches are getting away with breaking the rules and flaunting it.
Even so, Garlow not only intends to break the rules, he also plans to spend the next four months recruiting other pastors to do the same as part of Pulpit Freedom Sunday. On that day each year since 2008, ministers intentionally try to provoke the IRS. Some even send DVD recordings of their sermons to the agency.
One argument is that the IRS is worried about losing a court challenge. Right now, the mere threat of revoking a church's tax exemption may be preventing the pastors from endorsing politicians. Unfortunately, it's an empty threat and the pastors know it. So they're taking advantage of the IRS as well as all the people who would stand to benefit from the billions of dollars in money the churches owe us as taxpayers.
If the IRS simply enforced their own rules, they would be doing everybody a huge favor. We know most churches don't give a damn about “equality” in any sense of the word, and we know they're unable to police themselves on matters of ethics, but we have all the proof we need to revoke their tax exemptions.
Who knew IRS stood for “Ignore Rulebreaking Sermons”?
It's always a great time to jump into the Picross puzzle game series! But what about the lore? It's true, the deep, complex narrative of the Picross games can be a bit difficult to sort out, so we're here to help with this guide to the timeline of Jupiter's long-running franchise.
Updated October 2018. Spoilers ahead, of course. Be warned!
Beginnings
Mario's Picross
1995, Game Boy
Set after the events of Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins, this game has Mario chase rumors of adventure back to Sarasaland's Birabuto Kingdom, where damage from Tatanga's invasion uncovered previously-buried ancient ruins. Mario sets out to decipher these ruins and unlock their secrets.
Mario's Picross 2
1996, Game Boy
Released after Mario's Super Picross, this prequel explores the events leading up to The Picross War. Mario, absorbed in his Picross research, begins to decipher its powers that could save — or destroy — not just Sarasaland, but existence itself. Wario, in his search for Mario to get revenge for his defeat in 6 Golden Coins, stumbles upon Picross and starts working to claim its powers for himself. The closing scenes show Wario unearthing prehistoric beasts and reanimating them, forming what would become a fearsome army if left unchecked.
Mario's Super Picross
1995, SNES
The Picross War, the common term to describe this period, is really a misnomer: it was an arms race, a mad dash of discovery to unlock the power of Picross and use it first. Wario works in the shadows, just off the left side of Mario's peripheral vision, on “Dark Picross,” a harder, more devious form that he could use for his nefarious purposes. Mario pushes to learn the deepest secrets of the puzzle.
The Era of Rejoicing
Club Nintendo Picross
Club Nintendo Picross Plus
2012/2014, 3DS
In this timeline, Mario absorbs the power of Picross before Wario can finish his plans and uses it to banish evil from all known lands. When word of these achievements reaches the Mushroom Kingdom, the people organize a celebration that lasts two full years, featuring homage puzzles honoring the many heroes of the multiverse.
Picross DS
2007, DS
The tale of The Picross War becomes legend, and society grows to revere Picross as the central pillar of culture. Many institutes are devoted to recreating and learning about Picross and using its power to maintain peace and enlightenment.
The Dark Century
Pokémon Picross
2015, 3DS
Wario finishes his dark rituals, trapping Mario with the power of Picross and using inscriptions to give his clothing and body unimaginable power. He directs the power of Picross toward capturing money, not only within the Nintendo multiverse but also from realms beyond. Pokémon, now enslaved by Wario's power, begrudgingly work toward these ends.
Pictlogica Final Fantasy
2013, Mobile/3DS
Having depleted the Nintendo lands' resources, Wario's power reaches to further realms, conscripting the Final Fantasy canon to feed his insatiable greed. More prepared for his assault than Wario anticipates, the heroes of this world fight back, forcing him to overextend and destroy himself.
My Nintendo Picross: The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess
2016, 3DS
The remaining survivors of the Nintendo multiverse cobble together what they can in the ruins of Hyrule, gathering leftover strands of Picross power in an attempt to rebuild. They have trouble properly replicating it, and manage only a meager subsistence.
Sanrio Characters Picross
2018, 3DS
With the boundaries between dimensions broken, visitors from Sanrio World arrive, bringing food and other aid to the struggling population. While they are greeted as benevolent heroes, the adoration causes Hello Kitty and her friends to abuse their power, insisting upon the construction of monuments to themselves and gearing the full weight of labor toward crafting cute environments for them to inhabit.
The Neverending War
Tamori no Picross
1995, SNES (Satellaview)
In this timeline, just as Wario discovers and absorbs the power of Picross, Mario completes his final puzzle: Wario's head. This, combined with Wario's own greedy rituals performed on the rest of his body, sucks him — and Mario — into the puzzles themselves as their essence leaves the stone slabs of Sarasaland and is dissolved into the air itself. Picross becomes myth: like Bigfoot, sightings are reported, often with ridiculous premises like having to tune in to a particular Internet signal in specific countries at specific times with obscure detection equipment.
Picross NP Vol. 1
Picross NP Vol. 2
Picross NP Vol. 3
Picross NP Vol. 4
Picross NP Vol. 5
Picross NP Vol. 6
Picross NP Vol. 7
Picross NP Vol. 8
1999-2000, SNES (Nintendo Power)
A team of devoted Picross believers begins a project to tune into the Picross signal. The result is a fascinating discovery: Mario's continued existence, fighting in an endless cycle to maintain control of Wario and keep him imprisoned in the puzzle. Eventually, Mario seeks the aid of his allies, enlisting their help to more reliably suppress the evil.
Picross E
Picross E2
Picross E3
Picross E4
Picross E5
Picross E6
Picross E7
Picross E8
Picross E9
2011-2018, 3DS
Mario manages to, once and for all, dissolve Wario's power into the puzzle and escape, but millennia of strife have changed him into what would come to be called Weird Mario. Aftershocks of the battle remain for decades, as puzzles — now devoid of any markings, good or sinister — appear on a regular basis.
Picross S
Picross S2
2017-2018, Switch
This sub-franchise explores the Last Transmission, the final Picross aftershock. Having once again taken on an identity of its own, the magical Picross force settles into the very fabric of reality, moving from a curiously-studied anomaly to an everyday presence in the land. Society begins to shape itself around mining the latent power of the puzzles to power the engines and devices of its people, devising a two-worker system to most efficiently break down its elements for use.
Kemono Friends Picross
2018, Switch
Thousands of years after the events of Picross S, the mined energy had become the sole power source for citizens, hailed as a “renewable” method due to its replayable nature and seemingly-endless supply. As the knowledge of ancient events has long faded away, no one in this time was aware of a time before Picross, and it is in many ways taken for granted. One day, a mining team was surprised when, upon completing a puzzle, a small creature appeared from within a nearby patch of grass. It was to be the first of many. These strange girls, known to the miners only by the symbol “獣”, only smiled and watched as the others of their kind were spawned as work continued. Their true purpose, if one existed, was unknown.
Blind gun owners in Iowa live in a target-rich environment
September 26th, 2013When I lived in Los Angeles, I worked for a property management company and every few months, they would send me to South Central L.A. to patch the bullet holes in old Henry's front door.Henry, who was mostly blind, lived frugally on his Army pension. But he could still afford his run-down apartment in the heart of gang country and he could afford to treat the working girls who walked his street to a glass of whiskey now and again. The word got out that Henry had a little money - which made him a target in that neighborhood and that made him nervous.And, sometimes at night, somebody would try to break into Henry's apartment and he would shoot through the door. He never hit anybody as far as he knew, but it did serve as a warning to would-be burglars. And repairing the bullet holes did provide me with part-time employment.In California, it is illegal for a blind person to carry a gun. Unlike in Iowa. Here, Iowa law prevents county sheriffs from disqualifying gun permit applicants on the basis of their not being able to see their hand in front of their face.The Constitution does not protect a blind person's right to fly a commercial aircraft or even to drive a car. But when it comes to owning and carrying a firearm, we put our hand over our heart and get a patriotic tear in our eye.It's not as if just anybody is allowed to carry a gun. Addiction to drugs or alcohol is a no-no. So is a conviction for domestic violence or a dishonorable discharge from the military. A person diagnosed as "mentally defective" is disqualified from owning a gun. Undocumented immigrants can't be trusted to carry guns. But the Americans With Disabilities Act, authored by Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin, prohibits discrimination based on disability, apparently including gun ownership.Anybody wanting a driver's license in this state must first pass a driving test. But the funny thing about the Iowa law is that, although firearms permit applicants must take a gun safety class, they don't have to demonstrate they can actually safely shoot a gun. The Des Moines Register interviewed Michael Barber, who is legally blind, at a local gun shop about the law. "When you shoot a gun, you take it out and point and shoot," he explained. "I don't necessarily think eyesight is necessary."Mr. Barber is right, of course. Seeing and shooting are two separate activities. A gun owner who is blind as a bat could conceivably learn to identify targets, as a bat identifies mosquitoes, by echolocation. Or special seeing eye dogs could be trained like those pointer hunting dogs, not only to help their owners cross busy intersections, but detect threats - just point and shoot. Having the blind populations in Iowa fully armed is sure to make criminals more cautious (and quiet). And pretty much everyone else, too.Didn't Thomas Jefferson once say, "Constant threat of being killed at random is the price of liberty"? Or something like that.
By Gary Duffy
BBC News, Brazil
Brazil is a Catholic country, but in this row the Church has been controversial The issue of abortion in Brazil has been making headlines not just in South America's biggest country, but around the world. The controversy began when news emerged from Pernambuco, a poor state in the north-east of Brazil, that a nine-year-old girl who had been raped was pregnant with twins. It is alleged that she had been sexually abused for years by her stepfather, who is also suspected of sexually assaulting an older disabled sister. He is now in prison. Public interest in the case soared when the local Catholic archbishop tried to block the girl from having an abortion. Brazilian law allows abortion only if there is a risk to the life of the mother or in cases of rape. Doctors said the girl met both those conditions, and said she was so small her uterus was not big enough to carry one baby, never mind two. Opponents of abortion say the girl could have safely had a Caesarean section. In the end the abortion went ahead and the local archbishop, Jose Cardoso Sobrinho, said all those adults involved - the mother and the medical team - had been excommunicated. The adults that approved, that have carried out this abortion, are excommunicated
Archbishop of Olinda and Recife, Jose Cardoso Sobrinho, 4 March The archbishop later insisted it was not he who was ordering the excommunication, but that he had been simply restating the teachings of the Church. His statement attracted widespread condemnation, led by Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, who said as a "Christian and a Catholic" he deeply regretted the bishop's conservative attitude. Archbishop Sobrinho then added to the storm of protest by saying that while the stepfather had allegedly carried out a "heinous act", excommunication did not automatically apply to him. The controversy then spread to Rome where it appears to have provoked a surprising divergence of opinion at the highest levels. Unforeseen consequences One senior Vatican official appeared to back the Brazilian archbishop and then another to sharply contradict him. It seems, however, the controversy may have led to other consequences in Brazil that Archbishop Sobrinho did not foresee, and which almost certainly he would not have welcomed. Those who would like to see a more liberal law on abortion say the fact that the Brazilian state - from the president down - rallied so firmly to the side of the doctors involved in this case will give renewed courage to their medical colleagues across the country. Even in circumstances where abortion is legal, it seems doctors here have proceeded nervously, fearful some say of a negative reaction from the media or the Roman Catholic Church. Anibal Faundes says issues are clearer following the controversy Anibal Faundes, professor of obstetrics at the University of Campinas, says legal abortions - of which there were 3,053 between January and November in 2008 - are now carried out in around 500 hospitals in Brazil, mainly in São Paulo and the south-east of the country. He is clear about the most important consequences of the case involving the girl in Pernambuco. "Everybody realised that Brazil is in favour of abortion in case of rape and risk to the woman's life," he says emphatically. "That was not clear before. But during the last two weeks it was perfectly clear if you are against abortion after rape and abortion when there is risk to the life of the person then everybody will be against you. "That is what changed in the last two weeks." "Those within the Church that are extremely conservative with respect to this subject have lost a lot of ground," he argues. 'Life must be protected' Cardinal Odilo Scherer, archbishop of São Paulo, was reluctant to be drawn on the specific issues of the recent controversy. Speaking generally, he told the BBC News website that the position of the Church in relation to abortion in cases of rape or a threat to the life of the mother was the same everywhere in the world. "The Church's position is always to defend life and trying all that is possible to first avoid these things happening, for this we need proper sex education, to teach people how to behave, in a socially responsible way. "Secondly, to do everything possible to ensure life is protected, because no matter what happened to create this life, even if it was through violence, it will always be considered a human being, a helpless and defenceless human being. Cardinal Odilo Scherer says the row may have damaged the Church "I can understand how a woman who is carrying a baby after being violently raped feels, but there is always a possibility to help this woman to cope with this situation. There are many ways today that the medical profession can help to save the lives of this woman and child." He concedes, however, that some damage may have been done to the Church's position. "It is possible, yes, that it has," he says. "All this publicity, this criticism that was made of the Church has in some form weakened the position of the Church in defence of life and against abortion." Bleak The case has also renewed attention on illegal abortions in Brazil - at one million per year, estimated to far outnumber legal procedures. Every year, about 200,000 women seek medical help from the state system after having sought illegal procedures in back-street clinics. Outside a bleak and graffiti-covered building which was once an abortion clinic in São Paulo, but which has now been closed by the authorities, Andrea has grim memories. Andrea says the abortion clinic was like "a butcher's shop" "I [went through] the process and I wasn't left with any ill-effects," she says of the illegal procedure. "But this place was pretty much a like a butcher's shop. There was not any preparation, psychologically or clinically." When the clinic was closed, police said they found a secret corridor leading to a room where the patients stayed. Out-of-date medicines and syringes believed to have been reused were also discovered. For those with more money, there is access to better facilities. Paula paid 2,000 reais ($890; £610) for her abortion but says she was not concerned about the clinic, as it appeared to have acceptable standards. She says she had an abortion because she was in the middle of a separation, and couldn't afford to raise a child. "It was clean and bright. It was a big fancy place, and a lot of girls were there with mothers and boyfriends." Abortion - both legal and illegal - seems certain to be an issue that will make headlines again in Brazil in the not too distant future. The Catholic Church may have been temporarily pushed onto the defensive, but it regards the issue as a crucial moral battleground, and is certain to return to make its case with renewed vigour in the months and years ahead. Some of the names in this report have been changed
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The president of the Global Deaf Muslim organisation discusses the main challenges facing the hearing impaired.
There are 70 million deaf people around the world. And many of them lack basic assistance, in places like hospitals and schools, and even in religious communities.
Nashiru Abdulai, who was born in Ghana and lives in the United States, became deaf as a child because of an illness.
As a Muslim, he says his needs were often not understood, especially in the Muslim world. So he became an activist. And now Abdulai is the president of the Global Deaf Muslim organisation (GDM).
Deaf Muslims have not yet had the chance to learn about Islam; we have a lot of catching up to do. Nashiru Abdulai, the president of the Global Deaf Muslim
For deaf Muslims, accessing Islamic information still remains a challenge, Abdulai says. So the GDM was established in 2005 aiming to address the rights and needs of this community.
"[At a mosque] everything will happen in spoken language. Obviously a deaf Muslim won't know what is happening around them. They may ask themselves 'who do I turn to?', 'who supports my cause?'. This is where an organisation for deaf Muslims is necessary," he says.
"When a group finally does have an organisation representing their specific needs, it becomes an inspiration for that community."
Abdulai says many deaf people grow up with ideas about Islam based on information passed from one family member to another, and these explanations are often riddle with cultural bias or misinformation.
He says that although many people believe reading the Quran in their native language is sufficient for deaf Muslims to understand the religion, the concepts are sometimes not clear enough for a full understanding.
Abdulai feels that because deaf people have a visual language, and acquire meaning by seeing, it makes more sense to show them pictures that explain things in a visual language.
The GDM's goal is to be able to screen out cultural misinformation, and to make sure the correct meanings of concepts are understood, he says. The lack of accessible materials and support were identified by the GDM as a growing problem that the organisation needs to address.
"Deaf Muslims have not yet had the chance to learn about Islam; we have a lot of catching up to do," Abdulai says.
So are Muslim societies actively excluding their deaf members, or is this simply about a lack of awareness surrounding the needs of this community? Why is this happening? And what solutions can be implemented?
In this episode of Talk to Al Jazeera , Sami Zeidan speaks to Nashiru Abdulai, the president of the Global Deaf Muslim organisation, about religion, inclusiveness, and the challenges facing deaf Muslims today.
Talk to Al Jazeera can be seen each week at the following times GMT: Saturday: 0430; Sunday: 0830, 1930; and Monday: 1430.
Watch more Talk to Al Jazeera
Source: Al Jazeera
Only under the pretext of comedy can the most abhorrent things be said, and only comedians possess the ability to make the most abhorrent things downright hilarious.
It follows that there's only one intellectually honest way that a pro-abortion argument can be made without having everyone finding the person who made the argument morally repulsive – using the guise of comedy. Louis C.K. does this and he does this hilariously.
In his new Netflix Special, 2017, Louis C.K. perfectly lays out the abortion dichotomy. He then goes on to (intentionally or not) play the role of an intellectually honest and philosophically consistent pro-abortion advocate with the ability to understand a pro-lifer's point of view. In other words, he plays a fictional character.
I have to disclaim. I love Louis C.K. and I thought this opening bit was hilarious, so this isn't a whack at him at all. I totally get that this was a comedy skit and that Louis himself is probably pro-choice in real life. He just happened to have demonstrated what an intellectually honest pro-abortion argument sounds like. So thanks, Lou.
In the opening minutes of his special, Louis begins by saying, “Abortion is either taking a shit, or killing a baby. It's only one of those two things.”
Louis is exactly right. Either the premise that a fetus is a human being is true, or the premise that an unborn baby holds no more value than a bunch of cells is true. If the latter is true, aborting a fetus is as morally benign – if not as necessary an act – as releasing excrement from your body. It's literally no different than taking a poo.
“Abortion is like taking a shit, exactly like taking a shit… Or… it isn't!!!”
He goes on to talk about those who don't understand why pro-life activists are so passionate about abortion.
“People hate abortion protestors! They think that {abortion protestors are} so shrill and awful. {What do you expect?} … They think that babies are being murdered! What are they supposed to be like, 'Uhhh I dunno. It's not cool; I don't wanna be a dick about it, though. I don't wanna ruin their day as they murder several babies all the time.'”
Afterward, he risibly advocates on behalf of abortion after – what would be– an intellectually honest self-reflection.
“I don't think it's like killing a baby… I don't… I mean … it's a little bit – okay it's a little bit like killing a baby. It's a little bit like … it's a hundred percent killing a baby! It is. It's tooootallly killing a whole baby! BUT, I think that women should still be allowed to kill babies.” *Crowd erupts into laughter*
After facetiously mocking the crowd for celebrating the killing of babies, he then goes on to destroy the logic of “moderate” pro-abortion advocates. Centrists, as they like to refer to themselves.
“I just think it should be one or the other. You know, like when people say, “abortion should be legal, safe, and rare”…Why rare if it should be legal!? If it should be legal it should be like **makes a pooing sound into the mich**… It's shitting. If it should be rare, then … it's murdering babies!!”
Whether he meant to do this or not, Louis distilled the controversy surrounding abortion to its most fundamental elements. In doing so, he revealed the true moral underpinning supporting the case for abortion, namely, that women should be allowed to kill their babies.
You can watch most of the bit here.
Follow Joshua Eisen on Twitter
YellowAries: This is the equivalent of ZRP or SRP, but for Call of Pripyat. Essentially it's a community bug fix patch.
I scoured the web for these files for everyone to use since it seems to be somewhat difficult to find all the proper files.
This is my PRP compilation, it doesn't include the optionals though because they weren't bug fixes.
This also included mnm's anomaly fix.
I put all the files in the proper folders so all you have to do is copy the gamedata folder to your main pripyat directory.
I will update the bug fixes as new ones are available.
If anyone is aware of any other bug fixes that are available let me know and I will include them.
<span class="bold">DOWNLOAD HERE</span>
Last Updated 11/12/2014 This is the equivalent of ZRP or SRP, but for Call of Pripyat. Essentially it's a community bug fix patch.I scoured the web for these files for everyone to use since it seems to be somewhat difficult to find all the proper files.This is my PRP compilation, it doesn't include the optionals though because they weren't bug fixes.This also included mnm's anomaly fix.I put all the files in the proper folders so all you have to do is copy the gamedata folder to your main pripyat directory.I will update the bug fixes as new ones are available.If anyone is aware of any other bug fixes that are available let me know and I will include them.
Hi YA,Sorry to necro this, but I recently bought and started playing COP and was just reading through the forum here. Would you mind telling me exactly what this fixes in the vanilla game? Are there some game breaking bugs I will run into that this needs to be applied for? Thanks for posting this, and hopefully you are still active here, or perhaps someone else who is, can shed some light on this for me.
You wouldn't write your username and passwords on a postcard and mail it for the world to see, so why are you doing it online? Every time you log in to any service that uses a plain HTTP connection that's essentially what you're doing.
There is a better way, the secure version of HTTP—HTTPS. That extra "S" in the URL means your connection is secure and it's much harder for anyone else to see what you're doing. But if HTTPS is more secure, why doesn't the entire Web use it?
HTTPS has been around nearly as long as the Web, but it's primarily used by sites that handle money—your bank's website or shopping carts that capture credit card data. Even many sites that do use HTTPS only use it for the portions of their websites that need it—like shopping carts or account pages.
Web security got a shot in the arm last year when the FireSheep network sniffing tool made it easy for anyone to capture your current session's log-in cookie insecure networks—your local coffeeshop's hotspot or public WiFi at the library. That prompted a number of large sites to begin offering encrypted versions of their services via HTTPS connections.
Lately even sites like Twitter, which has almost entirely public data anyway, is nevertheless offering HTTPS connections. You might not mind anyone sniffing and reading your Twitter messages en route to the server, but most people don't want someone also reading their username and password info. That's why Twitter recently announced a new option to force HTTPS connections (note that Twitter's HTTPS option only works with a desktop browser, not the mobile site, which still requires manually entering the https address).
Google has even announced it will add HTTPS to many of the company's APIs. Firefox users can go a step further and use the HTTPS Everywhere add-on to force HTTPS connections to several dozen websites that all offer HTTPS, but don't use it by default.
So the Web is clearly moving toward more HTTPS connections; why not just make everything HTTPS?
That's the question I put to Yves Lafon, one of the resident experts on HTTP(s) at the W3C. There are some practical issues most Web developers are probably aware of, such as the high cost of secure certificates, but obviously that's not as much of an issue with large Web services that have millions of dollars.
The real problem, according to Lafon, is that with HTTPS you lose the ability to cache. "Not really an issue when servers and clients are in the same region (meaning continent)," writes Lafon in an e-mail to Webmonkey, "but people in Australia (for example) love when something can be cached and served without a huge response time."
Lafon also notes that there's another small performance hit when using HTTPS, since "the SSL initial key exchange adds to the latency." In other words, a purely security-focused, HTTPS-only Web would, with today's technology, be slower.
For sites that don't have any reason to encrypt anything—in other words, you never log in, so there's nothing to protect—the overhead and loss of caching that comes with HTTPS just doesn't make sense. However, for big sites like Facebook, Google Apps, or Twitter, many users might be willing to take the slight performance hit in exchange for a more secure connection. And the fact that more and more websites are adding support of HTTPS shows that users do value security over speed, so long as the speed difference is minimal.
Another problem with running an HTTPS site is the cost of operations. "Although servers are faster and implementations of SSL more optimized, it still costs more than doing plain http," writes Lafon. While less of a concern for smaller sites with little traffic, HTTPS can add up should your site suddenly become popular.
Perhaps the main reason most of us are not using HTTPS to serve our websites is simply that it doesn't work with virtual hosts. Virtual hosts, which are what the most common cheap Web hosting providers offer, allow the Web host to serve multiple websites from the same physical server—hundreds of websites all with the same IP address. That works just fine with regular HTTP connections, but it doesn't work at all with HTTPS.
There is a way to make virtual hosting and HTTPS work together—the TLS Extensions protocol—but Lafon notes that, so far, it's only partially implemented. Of course that's not an issue for big sites, which often have entire server farms behind them. But until that spec—or something similar—is widely used, HTTPS isn't going to work for small, virtually hosted websites.
In the end there is no real reason the whole Web couldn't use HTTPS. There are practical reasons why it isn't happening today, but eventually the practical hurdles will fall away. Broadband speeds will improve, making caching less of a concern, and improved servers will be further optimized for secure connections.
In the Web of the future the main concern won't just be how fast a site loads, but how well it safeguards you and protects your data once it does load.
Getty Images
NEW ORLEANS — The All-Star stage is meant to be a shared space, a broad platform designed to support the NBA's greatest talents and egos all at once. Kobe Bryant has never been much for sharing, though.
Sixteen years ago, at age 19, Bryant made his All-Star debut by waving off Karl Malone's screen and shooting every time he touched the ball.
In 2002, with the game staged in his hometown of Philadelphia, Bryant seized the moment and claimed the Most Valuable Player Award.
Five years later, he took the MVP award again, outshining LeBron James.
Two years after that, Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal—his former tag-team partner and frenemy—shared the MVP award in a poetic All-Star reunion.
And in 2011, with the game played in his home arena in Los Angeles, Bryant dropped 37 points and grabbed MVP honors again.
No player in NBA history has collected more All-Star MVP awards. (Bob Pettit also won four.)
So did anyone really expect Kobe to cede the spotlight here Sunday night? Even injured, even in street clothes, even at 35, he was probably the most compelling figure in the arena. Indeed, the still-balky left knee only made him more compelling.
Bob Donnan-USA TODAY Sports
“It's coming slowly,” Bryant said during a pregame press conference that was better attended than all of the weekend's other press conferences combined.
It was standing-room only in the press area for Bryant's (league-mandated) appearance. He did not disappoint. Over 15 minutes, Bryant was candid, self-effacing, thoughtful and funny—in two languages. (He answered an entire question in Spanish.)
The years have slowed Bryant, but they have also emboldened him. No current NBA star is as consistently, brutally forthright, or seems to enjoy the back-and-forth as much as he does.
He surely did Sunday night, maybe moreso because he realizes there might not be many more of these. This was Bryant's 16th All-Star appearance. There are no guarantees he will be here again, given his age, his health and the sorry state of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Even Bryant, who generally scoffs at any suggestion of his mortality, gave a measured response when asked if he thinks he will play in another All-Star Game.
“I hope so,” he said twice. “When you play in an All-Star Game, that means you're one of the best players in the world. So it's obviously a big goal of mine to be there.”
Even if his game falters, Bryant's immense global popularity could carry him to a 17th All-Star selection. But he probably wouldn't want it that way. After playing just six games this season—returning from Achilles surgery only to be felled again by a knee injury—Bryant practically begged fans not to vote him into this game.
“I'd much rather see the young guys go out there and play in the game,” Bryant said in early January.
Bryant garnered more than 988,000 votes anyway, the fifth-highest total in the league.
So there he was Sunday night, in a crisp shirt and sports coat, peering into a thick crowd of reporters and cameras and quipping at one point, “Half the game is like finding where the question's coming from.”
Bryant offered no new information about his recovery, saying only that he was “optimistic coming out of the break that I will have some improvements.” He still seems determined to play this season, although the Lakers, at 18-35, have virtually no shot at making the playoffs.
The Lakers are talent-poor as it is, and they could jettison their only other star by the end of the week if they can find a decent return for Pau Gasol before the Thursday trade deadline.
Gerald Herbert/Associated Press
But the most critical time for the Lakers, indeed for Bryant, will come in July, when the free-agent market opens. The Lakers will have enough salary-cap room to sign another star, or several high-caliber role players.
So, someone wondered, would Bryant's well-earned reputation as a difficult teammate hurt the recruitment process? Bryant smiled and openly embraced the charge, though he assured it would not be a factor.
“No, not necessarily,” he said. “I'm a difficult person to deal with. For people who don't have the same kind of competitiveness or commitment to winning, then I become an absolute pain in the neck, because I'm going to drag you into the gym every single day. … And for players that have that level of commitment, very, very easy. And we can wind up enhancing the entire group and elevating them to that type of level. But if we don't have that commitment, man, I'll absolutely be very, very tough to get along with. No question about it.”
So, free agents, you have been warned.
Andrew D. Bernstein/Getty Images
On other subjects, Bryant was much lighter.
He joked about figuring out the rules to curling. He laughed at the suggestion that he consider playing for the national team in the World Cup this summer.
He indulged the now-perfunctory question about who would be on his basketball Mount Rushmore—though only after joking that he didn't know how many presidents are on Mount Rushmore, because “I'm an Italian kid.” He then named Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Michael Jordan and Bill Russell.
Before long, Bryant will be fading into NBA history with them. But he's not setting any public retirement dates, and he's not planning a Kareem Abdul-Jabbar-like retirement tour.
“I don't really want the rocking chair before the game,” Bryant said, smiling. “It would drive me crazy. But I'll probably just pop up and just vanish.”
That seems unlikely. Late Saturday night, after watching the other All-Star events, Bryant mused on Twitter that he might sign up for the three-point contest next year. He confirmed it Sunday, saying, “I wouldn't mind being in one.”
The game next year is at Madison Square Garden, the site of Bryant's first All-Star appearance. Those bright lights always have treated him well.
Ten sailors were seized by Iran in the Gulf on Jan. 12, and Tehran told the United States the crew members would be promptly returned, U.S. officials said. (Reuters)
The Iranian military took control of two U.S. Navy vessels and their crew Tuesday after the boats apparently strayed into Iran's territorial waters, U.S. officials said.
The circumstances surrounding the incident, which comes at a volatile moment in U.S.-Iranian relations, remained unclear late Tuesday. Senior U.S. officials said they expected the crew of ten to be released from Iranian custody Wednesday morning.
The small boats, used largely on coastal waters and on rivers, had been en route from Kuwait to Bahrain in the Persian Gulf when they disappeared from the Navy's scopes. Senior administration officials said the vessels appeared to have experienced mechanical trouble or ran out of fuel, but Fars, an Iranian news agency, said the sailors had been “snooping.”
[These are the U.S. Navy riverine command boats that Iran just ‘took into custody']
The Iranian military took the boats and their crews to Farsi Island, where Iran maintains a naval base in the northern Persian Gulf.
The run-in, which drew calls for reprisal from Republican lawmakers and candidates, comes at a sensitive time in the tumultuous relationship between the United States and Iran. Economic sanctions against Iran could be lifted as soon as this month under a landmark deal aimed at preventing the Islamic republic from building a nuclear weapon.
A senior defense official said of Tuesday's incident that there was no indication of hostile intent and that the American crews were being well-treated. “In some ways this has been very professional,” the official said.
“We have received assurances from the Iranians that our sailors are safe and that they will be allowed to continue their journey promptly,” said White House press secretary Josh Earnest on CNN.
[Top Navy admiral releases new plan to stay ahead of rivals at sea and prepare for combat]
A senior administration official said that, after communications between Secretary of State John F. Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, the State Department believed the situation had been resolved.
Kerry “made the case very strongly” to Zarif that the incident had stemmed from a mechanical problem aboard one of the boats and that they appeared to have drifted into Iranian territorial waters. Small U.S. naval craft frequently patrol the Persian Gulf just beyond Iran's territorial limit.
Zarif asked for more information about the incident, which the State Department later communicated to Iran. Zarif, the official said, “came back and said they were all safe and sound, that nobody was hurt,” and that Iran would “return them promptly.”
“We're expecting them sometime around sunup” Iranian time, the official said.
A U.S. defense official said he expected U.S. personnel would be “taken out to international waters by the Iranian Coast Guard and turned over to a U.S. ship,” the official said.
Another official, noting Iranian media reports that the sailors had been “arrested,” acknowledged that there is more than one power center in Iran but expressed cautious optimism that the sailors would quickly be released.
The incident marks the latest run-in between Iranian and U.S. crews. In December, Iranian gunboats fired unguided missiles about 1,000 yards from the aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman.
A U.S. defense official said the small boats were believed to have been within 12 nautical miles of Iran when they broke down. Many officials stressed, though, that it is unclear exactly what happened.
The vessels, known as riverine command boats, are agile and often carry Special Operations forces into smaller bodies of water.
The U.S. government has been in communication with Iranian authorities, according to a senior defense official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive intelligence issues.
“We have received assurances the sailors will promptly be allowed to continue their journey,” the official said.
[Aircraft carrier U.S.S. Harry S. Truman headed to Persian Gulf to fight Islamic State]
Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter was updated throughout the afternoon about the incident and spoke with Secretary of State John F. Kerry and national security adviser Susan E. Rice.
In recent weeks, U.S. lawmakers have called for increased sanctions on Iran after the country tested two ballistic missiles in recent months. Since the tests, President Hassan Rouhani vowed to expand the country's ballistic missile program.
Many U.S. politicians also complain of Iran's support for allied militant groups across the region and for President Bashar al-Assad in Syria.
Even though details about the incident were sparse, former Florida governor Jeb Bush, a Republican presidential candidate, quickly weighed in.
If our sailors aren't coming home yet, they need to be now. No more bargaining. Obama's humiliatingly weak Iran policy is exposed again. — Jeb Bush (@JebBush) January 12, 2016
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), who opposed the nuclear deal, said on CNN that “this kind of openly hostile action is not surprising. It's exactly what I and so many others predicted when President Obama was negotiating the nuclear deal with Iran—that it would embolden their aggression towards the United States and our allies in the region.”
Carol Morello and Karen DeYoung contributed reporting
To talk to or read Ausubel is to experience unexpected uplift, at least if you're used to the depressive affect perceptible in most environmentalist literature. Ausubel and his collaborators—the most frequent are Paul E Waggoner of the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station and Iddo K. Wernick, also of Rockefeller--are fond of cheerful catch phrases like “the Great Reversal” and “the Great Restoration.” The Great Reversal refers to their theory that the worst pressures on our overtaxed planet are actually easing up. As they like to point out, world population growth peaked at about 2 percent between 1965-1970, and has dropped steadily since then. Fertility rates in much of the world have fallen. Around 1980s, the United States used more water per person than ever before, but consumption has lessened since then. “By about 1950,” Ausubel, Waggoner, and Wernick write, “by rapidly lifting the specific productivity of land, the world's farmers stopped plowing up nature, and the worldwide area of cropland per person began dropping steeply”—from about half a hectare, or roughly half the size of a 400-meter running track, in 1950, to about a quarter hectare in 2000.
Meanwhile, forests have been regrowing at a rapid clip across the country, most abundantly in northeastern states such as New York, Pennsylvania, and Connecticut. In Connecticut, for instance, forests expanded from 29 percent of the state in 1860 to 60 percent in 2002. Other parts of the globe in which forests have been rebounding include industrialized nations such as France, Denmark, Switzerland, Russia, Germany, but also industrializing nations in Asia, such as China, Japan, India and Vietnam, and even, counterintuitively, in less industrialized parts of Central America and the Caribbean, such as El Salvador and the Dominican Republic. (Its neighbor Haiti, of course, remains one of the most deforested spots on the planet.)
Given the Great Reversal, Ausubel et alia ask, “could we envision a Great Restoration?” Returning acres of farmland to “wilderness or wilder uses,” Ausubel says, will depend on whether farmers around the world get smarter about agriculture—whether they master what he calls “precision farming.” Higher yields will come when they adopt twenty-first-century techniques, such as instantaneous application of rapidly improving weather forecasting, better seeds, and closer spacing of them. (Will denser planting hurt the soil? Ausubel says no. Among other things, the shade of a bumper crop helps keep weeds from growing and insects from flourishing, which means smaller doses of pesticides and herbicides than are required in more sparsely planted plots.) If genetic modification increases output, Ausubel is all for it. “Humanity has been tinkering with the genetics of plants for 3,000 years or so,” he says. “People are making a strange fuss.”
Ausubel argues that we can greatly reduce the use of fertilizer, herbicides, and pesticides, even if he doesn't recommend getting rid of them altogether. “There's been a tremendous overmedication” of the soil, he says. “It's just like with humans. If you go to the doctor and he tells you to take two aspirin, a lot of us will take four or six.” The best thing about the organic movement, he says, is that it serves as “a good reminder to people that maybe you could be using a third of what you're actually using and get the same results.” Artisanal farming elevates agriculture, he adds, by creating consumers with higher standards and more demanding tastes, just as high-end clothing design electrifies consumers and stimulates the garment industry. “Most calories in the world are going to be mass-produced, just as most clothing is going to be mass-produced,” he says. “But life would be poorer, in an ethical and cultural sense, if we didn't have farmers' markets or Jersey tomatoes.”
Ausubel's optimism is infectious. If you want to get depressed all over again, turn to the United Nations 2011 report, Looking Ahead in Food and Agriculture. Its authors also pin their hopes on more efficient farming on less land, but they're less sanguine about how easy that will be to achieve. Chances of success plummet particularly steeply in very poor countries with high fertility rates, such as those in sub-Saharan Africa, that aren't about to put a lot of money into research or give small farmers a helping hand. On the upside, though, in places where such investments and policy reforms do occur, the report adds to Ausubel's list a whole slew of neat breakthroughs: better irrigation, better grain storage, more sophisticated plant physiology, informatics, and biometrics.
The LG G4 is still a fine device, even though the G5 is expected to be unveiled in the not too distant future. The price of this device is getting pretty compelling, and the sale going on at B&H Photo right now makes it hard to pass up. You can grab an unlocked LG G4 for a mere $349.95, which is $100 less than B&H usually sells it for. You'll have to move quickly, though.
This is the US991 variant of the G4, so it's a US Cellular phone. However, it's unlocked and has a good number of cellular bands. You'll get 3G no problem on AT&T, but T-Mobile subscribers will only have HSPA+ support in areas that have been re-farmed with 1900MHz. This phone has plenty of LTE bands—2, 4, 5, 12, 13, 17, and 25. That covers all the main LTE bands for T-Mobile and AT&T. It has Sprint's CDMA bands too, but Sprint is weird about unlocked phones, so no promise there.
This deal is only valid for the next 5-ish hours (at the time of posting). It's gone at midnight Eastern time. The G4 comes with the black leather back, but you can swap that out with another style if you want. You get free shipping too.
Black Friday Bargains Are Available Now on the US PSN Written Wednesday, November 23, 2016 By Richard Walker View author's profile
Black Friday is now underway on the US PlayStation Store, offering a slew of deals across games and movies, including the Assassin's Creed series, Batman: Arkham series, Destiny, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, and loads more.
The deals are live right now, with up to 70% off for regular PSN members and up to 80% off for PlayStation Plus subscribers. With deals on Hitman, Grand Theft Auto, Far Cry, Overwatch, Street Fighter V and Call of Duty, you'll probably find something worth picking up.
Take a look at the line-up of games below and consult the PS Blog here for the full list of movies also in the Black Friday sale on the US PlayStation Store. The deals are available now and will run until Tuesday 29th November at 8am PST.
You can also get an additional 10% off your shopping cart total by using the redeem code D9NGJ7NF3L (also at the bottom of the page).
Black Friday Sale
Games
Format | Title | Sale Price | PS Plus Price | Original Price
PS4 ASSASSIN'S CREED CHRONICLES TRILOGY $14.99 — $24.99
PS4 ASSASSIN'S CREED SYNDICATE $14.99 — $49.99
PS4 ASSASSIN'S CREED SYNDICATE GOLD EDITION $29.39 — $69.99
PS4 ASSASSIN'S CREED UNITY $11.99 — $29.99
PS4 BATMAN: ARKHAM KNIGHT $11.99 $9.99 $19.99
PS4 BATMAN: ARKHAM KNIGHT PREMIUM EDITION $23.99 $19.99 $39.99
PS4 BATMAN: THE TELLTALE SERIES – SEASON PASS $17.49 $14.99 $24.99
PS4 BLAZBLUE: CHRONO PHANTASMA EXTEND $17.49 $12.49 $49.99
PS4 BORDERLANDS: THE HANDSOME COLLECTION $23.99 $19.79 $59.99
PS4 BOUND $11.99 $9.99 $19.99
PS4 BULLY $10.49 $8.99 $14.99
PS4 CALL OF DUTY: ADVANCED WARFARE DIGITAL PRO EDITION $58.99 $48.99 $99.99
PS4 CALL OF DUTY: ADVANCED WARFARE GOLD EDITION $34.79 $23.99 $59.99
PS4 DARKSIDERS II DEATHINITIVE EDITION $8.99 $5.99 $29.99
PS4 DESTINY – THE COLLECTION $44.99 $39.59 $59.99
PS4 DESTINY – THE COLLECTION UPGRADE $34.79 $31.99 $39.99
PS4 DIGIMON WORLD CYBER SLEUTH $23.99 $17.99 $59.99
PS4 DIRT RALLY $29.99 $23.99 $59.99
PS4 DISHONORED: DEFINITIVE EDITION $11.99 $9.99 $19.99
PS4 DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE $13.99 $9.99 $39.99
PS4 DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE + SEASON PASS BUNDLE $22.74 $16.24 $64.99
PS4 EA SPORTS NHL 17 STANDARD EDITION $35.99 — $59.99
PS4 NHL 17 DELUXE EDITION (POST LAUNCH) $47.99 — $79.99
PS4 NHL 17 SUPER DELUXE EDITION (POST LAUNCH) $59.99 — $99.99
PS4 EVOLVE DIGITAL DELUXE EDITION $19.99 $15.99 $39.99
PS4 EVOLVE ULTIMATE EDITION $24.99 $19.99 $49.99
PS4 F1 2016 $38.99 $32.99 $59.99
PS4 FAIRY FENCER F: ADVENT DARK FORCE $17.99 $11.99 $59.99
PS4 FAR CRY 4 $14.79 — $39.99
PS4 FAR CRY 4 GOLD EDITION $25.19 — $59.99
PS4 FAR CRY PRIMAL $14.99 — $59.99
PS4 FAR CRY PRIMAL – DIGITAL APEX EDITION $19.49 — $64.99
PS4 GAME OF THRONES – SEASON PASS $6.24 $4.99 $24.99
PS4 GRAND THEFT AUTO III $10.49 $8.99 $14.99 PS4 GRAND THEFT AUTO V $29.99 — $59.99
PS4 GRAND THEFT AUTO V & GREAT WHITE SHARK CASH CARD BUNDLE $37.99 — $75.99
PS4 GRAND THEFT AUTO V & MEGALODON SHARK CASH CARD BUNDLE $61.19 — $135.99
PS4 GRAND THEFT AUTO V & WHALE SHARK CARD BUNDLE $44.54 — $98.99
PS4 GRAND THEFT AUTO: SAN ANDREAS $10.49 $8.99 $14.99
PS4 GRAND THEFT AUTO: THE TRILOGY $24.49 $20.99 $34.99
PS4 GRAND THEFT AUTO: VICE CITY $10.49 $8.99 $14.99
PS4 GUILTY GEAR XRD -REVELATOR- $17.99 — $59.99
PS4 HITMAN – EPISODE 2: SAPIENZA $5.99 $4.99 $9.99
PS4 HITMAN – EPISODE 3: MARRAKESH $5.99 $4.99 $9.99
PS4 HITMAN – EPISODE 4: BANGKOK $5.99 $4.99 $9.99
PS4 HITMAN – EPISODE 5: COLORADO $5.99 $4.99 $9.99
PS4 HITMAN – EPISODE 6: HOKKAIDO $5.99 $4.99 $9.99
PS4 HITMAN – THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON $35.99 $29.99 $59.99
PS4 HITMAN INTRO PACK $8.99 $7.49 $14.99
PS4 HITMAN UPGRADE PACK $29.99 $24.99 $49.99
PS4 HOMEFRONT: THE REVOLUTION ‘FREEDOM FIGHTER' BUNDLE $27.99 — $69.99
PS4 I AM SETSUNA $26.79 — $39.99
PS4 JOJO'S BIZARRE ADVENTURE: EYES OF HEAVEN BUNDLE $29.99 $23.99 $59.99
PS4 JOURNEY COLLECTOR'S EDITION $14.99 $12.49 $24.99
PS4 J-STARS VICTORY VS $14.99 $11.99 $59.99
PS4 JUST CAUSE 3 $20.99 $14.99 $59.99
PS4 JUST CAUSE 3 XL EDITION $36.33 $27.88 $84.49
PS4 JUST DANCE 2016 $24.79 — $39.99
PS4 MAD MAX $9.99 $7.99 $19.99
PS4 MANHUNT $8.99 $7.49 $14.99
PS4 MAX PAYNE $8.99 $7.49 $14.99
PS4 MEGA MAN LEGACY COLLECTION $7.49 $5.99 $14.99
PS4 MEGADIMENSION NEPTUNIA VII $7.49 $4.99 $49.99
PS4 MIDDLE-EARTH: SHADOW OF MORDOR – GAME OF THE YEAR EDITION $9.99 $7.99 $19.99
PS4 MIGHTY NO. 9 (ONE WAY CROSS BUY) $9.99 — $19.99
PS4 MINECRAFT: STORY MODE – SEASON PASS DELUXE $14.99 $11.99 $29.99
PS4 MLB THE SHOW 16 $14.99 — $19.99
PS4 MLB THE SHOW 16 – DIGITAL DELUXE $40.19 — $59.99
PS4 MLB THE SHOW 16 – MVP EDITION $24.89 — $29.99
PS4 MX VS ATV SUPERCROSS ENCORE $23.99 $20.09 $29.99
PS4 NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: ULTIMATE NINJA STORM 4 $23.99 $17.99 $59.99
PS4 NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: ULTIMATE NINJA STORM 4 – DELUXE EDITION $31.99 $23.99 $79.99
PS4 ONE PIECE BURNING BLOOD $29.99 $23.99 $59.99
PS4 ONE PIECE: PIRATE WARRIORS 3 $17.99 $11.99 $59.99
PS4 OVERWATCH: ORIGINS EDITION $39.59 $34.79 $59.99
PS4 RED DEAD REVOLVER $10.49 $8.99 $14.99
PS4 ROCK BAND 4 RIVALS BUNDLE $41.99 — $59.99
PS4 SNIPER ELITE 3 ULTIMATE EDITION $13.99 $9.99 $39.99
PS4 STAR WARS BATTLEFRONT (VR – PATCH) $10.49 $7.49 $29.99
PS4 STAR WARS BATTLEFRONT DELUXE EDITION $13.99 $9.99 $39.99
PS4 STREET FIGHTER V $29.99 $19.79 $59.99
PS4 STREET FIGHTER V – 2016 SEASON PASS $17.99 $14.99 $29.99
PS4 STREET FIGHTER V DELUXE EDITION $44.99 $29.69 $89.99
PS4 SWORD ART ONLINE: LOST SONG $20.99 $14.99 $59.99
PS4 TALES FROM THE BORDERLANDS – SEASON PASS $2.99 $1.49 $14.99
PS4 TALES OF ZESTIRIA $23.99 $17.99 $59.99
PS4 THE CREW $9.89 — $29.99
PS4 THE CREW COMPLETE EDITION $13.19 — $39.99
PS4 THE WARRIORS $10.49 $8.99 $14.99
PS4 THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT $19.99 $15.99 $39.99
PS4 THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT – BLOOD AND WINE $14.99 $12.99 $19.99
PS4 THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT – HEARTS OF STONE $7.49 $6.49 $9.99
PS4 THE WITCHER 3: WILD HUNT COMPLETE EDITION $29.99 $24.99 $49.99
PS4 TOM CLANCY'S RAINBOW SIX SIEGE GOLD EDITION $39.99 — $79.99
PS4 TOM CLANCY'S RAINBOW SIX SIEGE GOLD EDITION $39.99 — $79.99
PS4 TOM CLANCY'S THE DIVISION $24.99 — $49.99
PS4 TOM CLANCY'S THE DIVISION GOLD EDITION $44.99 — $89.99
PS4 TOM CLANCY'S RAINBOW SIX SIEGE $24.99 — $49.99
PS4 TOM CLANCY'S RAINBOW SIX SIEGE $24.99 — $49.99
PS4 TRACKMANIA TURBO $14.79 — $39.99
PS4 TROPICO 5 $7.49 $5.99 $29.99
PS4 WOLFENSTEIN: THE OLD BLOOD $9.99 $6.59 $19.99
PS3 ASSASSIN'S CREED ROGUE $11.99 — $29.99
PS3 BATMAN – THE TELLTALE SERIES - SEASON PASS $14.99 $12.49 $24.99
PS3 CALL OF DUTY: ADVANCED WARFARE DIGITAL PRO EDITION $59.39 $44.09 $89.99
PS3 CALL OF DUTY: ADVANCED WARFARE GOLD EDITION $29.49 $19.49 $49.99
PS3 DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE $10.49 $7.49 $29.99
PS3 DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE + SEASON PASS BUNDLE $19.24 $13.74 $54.99
PS3 GUILTY GEAR XRD -REVELATOR- $14.99 — $49.99
PS3 MAFIA II REMASTER $10.49 $7.49 $29.99
PS3 MINECRAFT: STORY MODE – SEASON PASS DELUXE $14.99 $11.99 $29.99
PS3 MLB THE SHOW 16 $14.99 — $19.99
PS3 SNIPER ELITE 3 ULTIMATE EDITION $10.49 $7.49 $29.99
PS VITA DIGIMON WORLD CYBER SLEUTH $15.99 $11.99 $39.99
PS VITA ONE PIECE: BURNING BLOOD $19.99 $15.99 $39.99
PS VITA ONE PIECE: PIRATE WARRIORS 3 $11.99 $7.99 $39.99
PS VITA SWORD ART ONLINE : LOST SONG $13.99 $9.99 $39.99
PS VITA XCOM: ENEMY UNKNOWN PLUS $6.99 $4.99 $19.99
PS VITA ZERO ESCAPE: ZERO TIME DILEMMA $26.79 — $39.99
[Via US PlayStation Blog]
Handing out Great Sand Dunes quarters, Gov. John Hickenlooper on Thursday rolled out an aggressive plan to develop a sprawling network of trails connecting Colorado's great places.
“That's an intoxicating vision of what Colorado could be. We could have a trail system that is second to none anywhere in the world,” he said, explaining his vision that in 20 years — within one generation — every resident in Colorado is a 10-minute walk from “vibrant green space.”
Hickenlooper unveiled his vision at Great Outdoors Colorado's first-ever Outdoor Summit, a gathering of outdoor recreation players designed to unveil a sort of GOCO 2.0 as the lottery-funded group moves beyond land preservation and into connecting green spaces and inspiring Coloradans to enjoy them.
DaVita Healthcare Partners CEO Kent Thiry, kicked off the summit from the top floor of the 41,000-employee company's Denver's headquarters. The GOCO-supported revitalization of the South Platte corridor spread filled the view west of the building as Longs Peak peeked through the clouds on the northern horizon.
“We need to redefine land issues as an integral part of daily life, not something off on the side,” Thiry said, quoting revered conservationists John Muir and Aldo Leopold in his opening speech.
Thiry pledged $50,000 of his own money and $50,000 from DaVita to kick off GOCO's new Inspire Initiative, which aims to distribute $25 million in grants to Colorado communities eager to push kids off the couch and into a natural setting.
The first step in Hickenlooper's “Colorado Beautiful” plan calls for development of a comprehensive map that would detail every trail in Colorado. That interactive, GIS-created map, identifying all the state's open spaces and the trails that both explore and access those natural landscapes, will be ready by this time next year, he said.
The state Department of Natural Resources, working with GOCO and other non-profits and state agencies, by next year will identify the state's 16 most critical gaps in trails — like the 30 miles of missing trail that prevents bicyclists from pedaling from Wyoming to New Mexico without riding on a road.
GOCO funds and support from foundations like the Nature Conservancy and corporations like DaVita will help secure either the land to develop those trails or easements allowing trail access.
The strategy — which dovetails with Hickenlooper appointing mountaineer Luis Benitez as the state's first director of the newly created Colorado Outdoor Recreation Industry Office — marks a new direction for the state, moving beyond simply preserving the land for the next generations. Now it's time to connect Colorado residents with their lands and spark a love for those natural places in kids who are enticed more by screens than woods.
In the last 100 years, Colorado has worked to create 40 wilderness areas, four national parks, eight national monuments — including the latest surrounding Brown's Canyon on the Arkansas River — in addition to hundreds of parks, trails, restored river corridors and wooded refuges.
“We are faced with the opportunity to build on that,” said Hickenlooper, noting that the state's population has grown from 3 million in the early 1990s to more than 5.3 million today and is projected to grow to more than 8 million in the next 25 years.
It's time to connect all that's been done with every resident of Colorado, he said. Especially kids.
Getting kids outside does more than thwart obesity, heart disease, depression and attention disorders, Hickenlooper said. It can ignite the next generation to protect lands that have been painstakingly preserved in their natural state.
“Kids need nature and nature needs kids,” he said. “If we don't provide our children early exposure to the wild outdoors … they will be far less likely to ever fully appreciate it and if they don't appreciate it, will they protect it? Helping children fall in love with nature should be not just a top Colorado priority but a top national and even international priority, right there alongside addressing climate change and preserving wilderness.”
Ken Salazar, who persuaded Colorado's diverse population to amend the state's constitution and create GOCO in 1992, cited the organization's early successes. He described how GOCO money helped Douglas County preserve several hundred thousand acres of ranchland on its southern border, forever blocking the chance that Denver and Colorado Springs meld into a corridor of city on the Front Range.
Preserving special places, developing a “best in class” bike trail system, fighting to protect federal lands and inspiring kids to enjoy wild lands are key strategies that need to guide Colorado, Salazar said.
“How do we make sure that Colorado grows in the right way? We will grow,” Salazar said. “How do we grow in a way that protects Colorado and the beauty our state is known for?”
Jason Blevins: 303-954-1374, jblevins@denverpost.com or twitter.com/jasonblevins
Yes, the war on terror was designed as a nebulous pile of dung that was never meant to ever end. You can't win a war against an ideal.
And apparently now this war is being fought with show business… because that's what war is.
Someone somewhere who cannot distinguish between what they see on television and what happens in real life is going to say the following is a heartless, disgusting article to write.
However, we live in a heartless, disgusting world where modern propaganda, false flags, and psyops have gotten to the point that they look like they are being directed by Michael Bay.
As if the videos of some of the so-called ISIS beheadings weren't questionable enough. As if the news media reporting that ISIS is luring Western women into their dark nightmare world with Nutella and kittens wasn't ridiculous enough.
Now we are given this.
Just read this Daily Mail headline. Read it twice before continuing and just let it sink in.
Admit it: if you read that anywhere else, it'd be on the back of a DVD case or in a comic book, not in real life.
Now we are being told that ISIS is drowning prisoners in sophisticated cage rigs like a Vegas magic show, AND shooting carfulls of prisoners with grenade launchers while filming it from a distance, AND putting rows of prisoners together with explosive “necklaces” which blow their heads off.
Are they really just organically coming up with this stuff? It sounds like a grisly version of the TV show Jackass mixed with the TV show Fear Factory.
It sounds like a lot of things, but it doesn't sound real.
Look at these images and captions:
So ISIS somehow has time to build a sophisticated cage rig that can hold five men with a crane device over a pool like a bad guy in an Austin Powers movie? Are there sharks with freakin' laser beams attached to their heads?
Also, read the caption. The men look “reasonably calm”? They are in a crazy death cage and were put there by mad terrorists! Aren't they about to be put to their untimely deaths via drowning in a cage like the movie Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom where the cult lowers people into lava?
Who would be “reasonably calm” in that situation, let alone five “reasonably calm” people in that situation?
Okay, this is where the men are supposedly about to drown, which if true, is absolutely horrifying.
But please, before you get upset, just take a moment and read the caption!!
Once the cage is submerged, the video cuts to high-tech underwater cameras…
They cut to a multiple high-tech underwater camera set up?
Wait, it's not Michael Bay directing this, it's James Cameron!
Seriously, are these terrorists or what? When did they take the time out from raping and pillaging Iraq and the Syrian countryside to build this torture cage rig and THEN go buy multiple “high-tech underwater cameras” and set all those up in a sophisticated manner underwater in order to be able to cut to them in the first place?
And who is editing ISIS horror videos, by the way? Who is their cinematographer? Was that guy lured in with Nutella and kittens, too? Video editing is not at all a quick process. Are we really supposed to believe that guy is just taking time out chilling at a computer in a quiet studio in a war torn, terror-ravaged country to film and edit movies like this?
Then, in the SAME video, they blow some people up from far away in a car with a grenade launcher:
And THEN, because they aren't done yet with this sick circus, we are told they made a string of prisoners wear explosive necklaces and they blew all their heads up.
Is Stewey from Family Guy the leader of ISIS?
On a sidebar and on top of everything else we've already been told, the Daily Mail also notes that:
It's just… way too much.
The only thing they didn't do here is take one of the women they gave Nutella and kittens to and tie her to the train tracks 1920s-style, then film her getting run over by a steaming locomotive while one of the ISIS terrorists giggles wickedly and strokes his Captain Hook villain mustache.
The Daily Mail proclaims:
The barbaric video is a new low for the terror group, whose catalogue of horrific filmed murders includes the savage beheading of several British and American hostages, the burning to death of Jordanian pilot Moaz al-Kasasbeh and numerous clips of people being shot and stoned to death.
A barbaric “new low”? Really? It even sounds like the tagline for the movie trailer!
“Barbaric! A new low! proclaims the Daily Mail…”
More like an over-the-top Wag The Dog meets the movie Videodrome.
(In Videodrome, where Westerners were brainwashed and transformed via snuff films on TV just by the way, one of the main quotes was, “The battle for the mind of North America will be fought in the video arena: the Videodrome. The television screen is the retina of the mind's eye. Therefore, the television screen is part of the physical structure of the brain. Therefore, whatever appears on the television screen emerges as raw experience for those who watch it. Therefore, television is reality, and reality is less than television.”)
If people stopped thinking through the lens of the constant fear we're all being fed and began looking at this entire situation objectively, nothing about this is all that believable, and yet, people who have been forcefed a steady diet of fear porn, Hollywood movies, and reality TV for decades now are buying it.
Just read the Daily Mail comments… if those are even real people commenting.
This whole thing doesn't even seem to be about terror anymore. It's like ISIS has transcended to cartoon villain status, getting more and more ridiculous and over-the-top all the time, seemingly so that Westerners will continue to buy it and demand even more war to stop ISIS.
As if, by now, they couldn't have stopped these people if they really wanted to. Come on.
We live in an era of drones, directed energy weapons, and a massive surveillance apparatus for one thing.
Secondly, these guys are in the same place long enough to build sophisticated Vegas magic show movie sets at swimming pools and apparently purchase a ton of orange jumpsuits, high-tech underwater cameras, cage parts, cranes and all the other stage props and gizmos needed to pull off these dazzling propaganda horror films.
Meanwhile, we live in a world where our purchases are so tracked these days that if you go to your local grocery store and buy ice cream on sale, they'll trace you via your digital data and the store will mail you coupons for more ice cream.
And yet, somehow, no one can seem to trace, track, and stop these guys based on the Hollywood scale of their purchases alone???
Oh really???
If you haven't seen Wag The Dog lately, you really should watch it again… although, if you are watching ISIS videos these days, you have already seen it lately.
Remember this?
Stanley Motss: I'm in show business, yes? Why come to me? Conrad ‘Connie' Brean: Well I'll tell you why, Mr Motss. '54-40-Or Fight', what does that mean? Motss: It's a slogan, it's from the, uh… Brean: ‘Remember the Maine'! Motss: Oh yeah, that's from – that's gotta be from the, uh… Brean: ‘Tippecanoe and Tyler Too'! Motss: No, that's not, uh… Brean: They're war slogans, Mr. Motss. We remember the slogans, we can't even remember the f*cking wars. You know why? That's show business. That's why we're here. Naked girl covered in Napalm. ‘V for Victory'. Five Marines raising the flag, Mt. Suribachi. You remember the picture 50 years from now, you'll have forgotten the war. The Gulf War, smart bomb falling down a chimney. 2500 missions a day, 100 days. ONE video of ONE bomb, Mr. Motts, the American people bought that war. War is show business — that's why we're here.
That's why we're here, guys.
So…
Who's buying this war?
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com.
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com.
OREGON CITY, Ore. – An Oregon City police officer shot and killed a suspect who was "violently resisting arrest" Saturday afternoon, police said.
The suspect was identified as 38-year-old Travis Anthony Moore.
Officers David Edwins and David Plummer were involved in the shooting, according to police. It's unclear if both officers fired their weapons.
The shooting occurred near Highway 99E and 2nd Street just before 2 p.m. Saturday
The officers were serving an arrest warrant to Moore for failing to appear in court on a harassment charge. The charge stemmed from an altercation between Moore and his neighbor. Moore allegedly attacked his neighbor and made derogatory references about his neighbor's sexual orientation.
Police said Moore immediately resisted arrest and the officers used a Taser, but that did not stop him.
Police did not say whether Moore had a weapon.
One of the officers shot Moore during the altercation.
According to police, there are other factors surrounding the officers' use of deadly force, but those details will not be released until the investigation is complete.
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
Officer Plummer suffered minor injuries and was taken to a hospital. He was later released.
Both officers were placed on paid administrative leave, which is standard police procedure.
The Clackamas County Sheriff's Office Major Crimes Team is investigating what led up to the shooting.
Family looking for answers
Travis Moore's family members said they're trying to cope and want more details on what exactly happened to him.
“I cannot believe it. It's unreal,” said Adam Moore, Travis' brother.
He said Travis was struggling with schizophrenia.
“We just kept trying to help him and help him and I finally basically forced the situation where he would get some help from Clackamas County Mental Health,” said Adam Moore.
But about six months ago, Travis decided to stop taking his medication. That's about the time Travis Moore's neighbor said he noticed changes in Travis' demeanor.
“He'd be unsocial, he'd be walking more at night. He was coughing more outside. He'd also had some behavior changes when he was aggressive towards me,” said Justin Jones, who lives next door.
Jones said on a couple occasions, Moore got physical with him, so he reported it to police. Oregon City Police said they were at Travis' home on Saturday trying to serve an arrest warrant tied to that report.
“I want to believe they didn't do anything wrong, but I just cannot believe that to be true right now,” said Adam Moore.
He said he wants to know that police used all available non-lethal options before pulling the trigger.
In the meantime, Travis Moore's family said they want him to be remembered for who he really was before his illness took over.
“I'd like to remember him as a kind and gentle, soft spoken person. He never meant no harm to anybody. He didn't mean to make himself or everybody else miserable. He was just caught up in a disease that took control of his mind,” said Adam Moore. “He just couldn't, he couldn't recover. He couldn't get back to who he wanted to be."
Oregon City Police said both officers involved were trained on how to deal with people suffering from mental health issues. Right now they're on paid leave which is standard procedure.
Here's one that came out of nowhere, and might be nothing, but who knows. A scooper sent us a scan of a call sheet that was apparently used for the August 15th shoot on Batman Begins in Chicago. We've cropped it to where it doesn't show the production's “personal” info, and while the info on what was shot is cool, the most interesting bit comes in the Cast list which includes a certain T. Welling as Kent…
While it doesn't say specically “Tom” (who else could it be?), could Tom – who stars as Clark Kent in The WB's Smallville – really have a cameo role in the film? Maybe this is what he was meeting with Warner Bros. about instead of the Superman movie? Is this a real Call Sheet or a fake? If it's a fake, it's one of the best fakes we've ever seen!
In related news, an anonymous source also provided us with this picture of a ninja costume that was used in the film…
Source: Superhero Hype!
The Department of Justice (DOJ) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) appear to be continuing with Operation in Our Sites. In recent days two large music sharing sites, RockDizFile.com and RockDizMusic.com, were taken offline. Their domain names are now pointing to a prominent seizure banner.
During the spring of 2010 U.S. authorities started a campaign to take copyright-infringing websites offline.
Since then Operation in Our Sites has resulted in thousands of domain name seizures and several arrests. While most of the sites are linked to counterfeit goods, dozens of “pirate” sites have also been targeted.
After a period of relative calm the authorities appear to have restarted their efforts with the takedown of two large music sites. RockDizFile.com and RockDizMusic.com, which are connected, now display familiar banners in which ICE takes credit for their demise.
“This domain has been seized by ICE- Homeland Security Investigations, pursuant to a seizure warrant issued by a United States District Court under the authority of 18 U.S.C. §§ 981 and 2323,” the banner reads.
TorrentFreak contacted ICE yesterday for a comment on the recent activity but we have yet to receive a response.
The domain names are now pointing to the same IP-address where many of the previously seized websites, such as torrent-finder.com and channelsurfing.net, are directed. Both domain names previously used Cloudflare and had their NS entries updated earlier this week.
Despite the apparent trouble, RockDizFile.com and RockDizMusic.com's Twitter and Facebook pages have remained silent for days.
RockDizMusic presented itself as an index of popular new music. Artists were encouraged to use the site to promote their work, but the site also featured music being shared without permission, including pre-release tracks.
RockDizMusic.com
RockDizFile used a more classic file-hosting look, but with a 50MB limit it was mostly used for music. The site offered premium accounts to add storage space and remove filesize and bandwidth limitations.
RockDizFile.com
Both websites appear to have a strong focus on rap and hip-hop music. This is in line with previous ICE seizures which targeted RapGodFathers.com, RMX4U.com, OnSmash.com and Dajaz1.com.
The latter was seized by mistake. The record labels failed to deliver proof of alleged infringements to the authorities and after a long appeal the domain was eventually returned to its owners.
This incident and the general lack of due process of ICE's domain seizures has led to critique from lawmakers and legal scholars. The authorities are nevertheless determined to keep Operation in Our Sites going.
“Operation In Our Sites' enforcement actions involve federal law enforcement investigating and developing evidence to obtain seizure warrants from federal judges,” ICE states on its website.
Once a credible lead comes in ICE says it “will work with the U.S. Department of Justice to prosecute, convict, and punish individuals as well as seize website domain names, profits, and other property from IP thieves.”
At this point it's unclear whether ICE has targeted any of the individuals connected to RockDizFile.com and RockDizMusic.com or whether the unit has taken down any other sites in a similar fashion.
Adidas follows up with a Primeknit 2.0 Boost
Today, adidas have presented their Primeknit 2.0. A football boot that builds on two previous innovations; Samba Primeknit and Primeknit FS. But adidas doesn't stop here. They have now also fitted the comfortable upper on their innovative Boost sole. The result is the Primeknit 2.0 Boost.
it is clear that adidas are well satisfied with their Boost sole. And we are also struggling to find arguments to contradict this. The technology, which is created via air induced capsules, is developed to provide additional energy and support. And now these comfort elements are brought together with the the latest adidas innovation, the Primeknit.
Liking these Primeknit 2.0 Boost, then you can find the right here.
This upper is created with a primary focus on delivering ultimate comfort. Adidas have obtained this by developing the upper with lycra fibres, which is stretchable synthetic material. Hereby, adidas have created an upper that provides an extremely comfortable combination of stability and compression.
This Primeknit 2.0 Boost is suitable both for street futball, running or just as a regular everyday shoe. So there is really no excuse for not allowing your feet the enjoyment of these shoes.
You can find the new Primeknit 2.0 Boost right here.
Adidas have certainly brought out innovations here in 2015 and we are super excited to see what else they have up the sleeve for this year. First things first, let go for a run in the Primeknit 2.0 Boost...
Terms have been reached for a catchweight bout between Juan Manuel Marquez and Mike Alvarado. Representatives for both sides have confirmed that the bout will take place on May 17 at The Forum in Los Angeles.
An agreed-upon maximum catchweight of 143 lb. has been designated for the scheduled 12-round fight, which will air on HBO.
Both fighters are coming off of losses in back-to-back weekends last October. Marquez fell short of dethroning unbeaten welterweight titlist Timothy Bradley Jr in Las Vegas, one week prior to Alvarado suffering a stoppage loss at the vicious hands of Ruslan Provodnikov.
MORE DETAILS TO COME...
Jake Donovan is the Managing Editor of Boxingscene.com, as well as a member of Transnational Boxing Ratings Board and the Boxing Writers Association of America. Twitter: @JakeNDaBox
By Jake Donovan
Sep 2, 2017 • David Medenjak
There are a lot of different approaches on how to add a splash screen to your app. Whatever your approach, it will be fine unless you use a dedicated SplashActivity. Using an activity as a splash screen is just wrong, and it will mess up your navigation sooner or later. After all, a splash screen should be shown while the app is loading and it should not depend on where a user comes from or what started the app. In the following, I want to show an easy setup that needs only minimal changes to your existing code base.
What's the setup?
The way to show a splash screen is to use the android:windowBackground attribute of your theme which will be shown until the app has finished loading and your first layout gets rendered. If you were to show a simple SplashActivity, its windowBackground would still be shown while the app is loading before your fancy layout would be drawn, rendering the SplashActivity obsolete. An activity-based approach would also require you to route all navigation through this one activity which is bound to get out of control sooner or later. That's definitely not what we want, which is why we use the windowBackground to draw our splash screen and then swap it for the right background once the app finishes loading.
Reusability is always important and nobody likes copying code around, so we will register an ActivityLifecycleCallbacks to manage all activities at once. The callback will swap the background and all we need to do is register it once.
The Splash Screen
Let's start by defining a simple drawable that will be used as the splash screen. Keep in mind that for this to work on versions prior to Lollipop we need to use a rasterized bitmap image and since this is only a drawable and not a view, we do not have support for text. If you have to display text, you will need to rasterize it as well.
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?> <layer-list xmlns:android= "http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android" > <item> <color android:color= "@color/colorPrimary" /> </item> <item> <bitmap android:gravity= "center" android:src= "@mipmap/ic_launcher" /> </item> </layer-list>
We use our primary color as background and just place the launcher icon on top. This is just a basic example and you can go nuts if you feel like it ;)
Registering the Splash Screen
After creating the splash screen we need to add it to our app. To do this we need to
create a theme with the splash screen
use this theme for all our activities
swap the theme for the ‘right' one when the app finishes loading
Creating a theme should be straightforward. The most important part here is that we assign our drawable to android:windowBackground .
<style name= "SplashTheme" parent= "Theme.AppCompat" > <item name= "android:windowBackground" > @drawable/splash_screen </item> </style>
It is now time to add our theme to the manifest. I just applied the SplashTheme to the application , since it's easier than to apply a theme to every activity. You should also use a custom Application to register the callback in the next step. Mine is just called App .
<application android:name= ".App" android:icon= "@mipmap/ic_launcher" android:label= "Splash Light" android:roundIcon= "@mipmap/ic_launcher_round" android:theme= "@style/SplashTheme" > <activity android:name= ".MainActivity" > <intent-filter> <action android:name= "android.intent.action.MAIN" /> <category android:name= "android.intent.category.LAUNCHER" /> </intent-filter> </activity> </application>
Just make sure that you don't assign any themes to your activities, or you will override the splash theme, which would defeat the purpose. We have a working splash screen now, but we also need to hide it again. Open up your Application and make sure to register the callback.
class SplashScreenHelper implements Application . ActivityLifecycleCallbacks { @Override public void onActivityCreated ( Activity activity , Bundle savedInstanceState ) { // apply the actual theme activity . setTheme ( R . style . AppTheme ); } // ... other callbacks are empty } public class App extends Application { @Override public void onCreate () { super . onCreate (); // register the util to remove splash screen after loading registerActivityLifecycleCallbacks ( new SplashScreenHelper ()); } }
This is all we need and we now have a working splash screen. If you stick around for another moment, I will now show how to support more themes than one.
Adding support for multiple themes
We have a working splash screen now, but setTheme(R.style.AppTheme) might not be what we want for every activity. To support different themes we need to pass some metadata in to tell our helper which theme to apply.
<activity android:name= ".MainActivity" > <intent-filter> <action android:name= "android.intent.action.MAIN" /> <category android:name= "android.intent.category.LAUNCHER" /> </intent-filter> <!-- Add theme information to show after the splash screen --> <meta-data android:name= "theme" android:resource= "@style/AppTheme" /> </activity>
As you can see I meant meta-data quite literally. We now add support to read the theme and might even add a fallback or default theme.
@Override public void onActivityCreated ( Activity activity , Bundle savedInstanceState ) { try { ActivityInfo activityInfo = activity . getPackageManager () . getActivityInfo ( activity . getComponentName (), PackageManager . GET_META_DATA ); Bundle metaData = activityInfo . metaData ; int theme ; if ( metaData != null ) { theme = metaData . getInt ( "theme" , R . style . AppTheme ); } else { theme = R . style . AppTheme ; } activity . setTheme ( theme ); } catch ( PackageManager . NameNotFoundException e ) { e . printStackTrace (); } }
And that's it! There is a full example on how to do splash screens on GitHub showcasing a light and dark theme.
When Kuini Chuen checked her bank account in mid-November, she saw something that's become an unusual sight: a paycheque from her employer.
After working nearly three months without compensation, the deposit would have ordinarily been a welcome development for the Health Canada chemist, but such is life as a federal public servant that even payments now elicit fear.
"Never did I think there would be a day when I look at money being deposited into my account and feel terrified," Chuen said of the payment, which exceeded what she was owed.
"Is that money really mine? Am I allowed to touch it?" she asked herself.
The single mother of a four-year-old son is one of hundreds of thousands of federal employees who have experienced issues with the Phoenix payroll system.
The backlog of Phoenix-related cases has ballooned to more than 520,000 at last count. In around half of the cases, public servants like Chuen have been underpaid, overpaid, or not paid at all.
Earlier this week, Canada's auditor general said in a report that it would take several years and far more than the $540 million allocated by the government to repair the system.
Auditor General Michael Ferguson delivered the audit in his fall report. He said the government is lowballing the timeline and price tag to fix the system. (Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press)
Public servants like Chuen say they're running out of time to wait for reliable paycheques.
"I don't know how much longer I can survive like this," she said bluntly.
Surviving under Phoenix
Chuen returned to work at her Health Canada laboratory in August after a two-month medical leave. During that time, she received payments above her normal rate, and when she returned, they stopped completely.
She leaned heavily on her family for support when the deposits ran dry.
"If it weren't for them I don't know where I'd be living," Chuen said on a bright morning in her downtown Toronto apartment.
"My family's not rich," she added. "I know they're trying all that they can to help me, but I feel like a burden."
When her long-awaited paycheque finally arrived, she knew it was too much because it didn't take into account the overpayments she'd received while on leave. Chuen fears that she'll soon have to pay it back, but she can't get an answer about exactly how much she'll owe.
The answers, she says, change depending on who picks up the phone when she calls the service hotline.
She has no confidence that the issues will be resolved in her next paycheque and she has doubts about whether she'll receive it at all.
Chuen said she'll search for a second job if the issues aren't resolved by 2018.
"I really enjoy working for the public service, but I can't do it for free with no end in sight," she said.
Solutions still unclear
In response to the auditor general's report, Public Services Minister Carla Qualtrough called the findings "beyond unacceptable" and pledged to examine all options for a long-term solution, including potentially scrapping the system.
Auditor General Michael Ferguson said that while repairing the system would be costly and take years to complete, he said it would be wrong to cancel it entirely after seven years of development and implementation under two governments.
Carla Qualtrough reacts to the AG's report on the Phoenix pay system. 7:05
After months of uncertainty, Chuen vehemently disagrees and said now is the time to stop the bleeding.
"The costs just keep increasing, the unresolved transactions keep increasing," she said. "I don't think Phoenix can be fixed."
Genesis: Part 1
1200 B.C. - Khandaqi Desert
A plume of dust raises up to the sky when something unknown crashes in the plains off in the distance. Two Egyptian men are running through the brush. Bata, is being chased, notices the crash while running. Anubis, who is chasing, doesn't pay it any attention. He is focused on Bata and he is in close pursuit. "You'll pay for this Brother!" screams Anubis. His eyes red with anger. Glowing red. Bata ducks through some weeds and trips over loose rocks on the path. He crashes to the ground. Anubis is quick to pounce. Bata rolls onto his back but Anubis crashes on top of him. Bata begins pounding his fists into Anubis but it proves to be ineffective. Anubis bites Bata on his left side right on his lower ribs. Bata screams out and tries to push Anubis off of him with his feet. Anubis breaks skin and Bata bellows in pain. He pushes his brother back just enough. Anubis gnashes his bloody teeth at Bata. "You try and seduce my Qadesh! You try and disgrace my name!" He snakes out. His eyes are burning red. Bata feels around with his hand and finds a large rock. Anubis grabs Bata by the throat and squeezes. Bata is struggling to hold Anubis back. "You're going to pay for this!" Anubis yells as he slashes at Bata's face with his nails. He connects but Bata bashes the large rock against Anubis' face. Anubis is knocked off of Bata. Bata jumps back up and begins limping away. His left leg wouldn't work with him too well and his side is bleeding profusely. Anubis shakes his head then gets up to his feet but Bata is nowhere to be seen. He feels the side of his head and a large portion of his skull is fractured.
Today - Cairo, Egypt
Billy Batson sits at a cafe on the sidewalk of Cairo. His trusty red baseball cap sits on his head and his dusty Ratt T-Shirt sags with sweat and dirt. His jeans have seen better days and he wore British Knights. Yeah they still make them there. He drinks coffee from a cup that looks to have been glued together in a crude mosaic pattern. His digital camera sits on the table in front of him with a black case under the table. A crude tape recorder faces the empty chair opposite him. Billy takes a sip of his coffee and watches the sun as it peaks through artillery holes in the buildings across the street. Except for the Hotel Americane. A swanky hotel that has been mostly untouched, aside from it being an Emergency Room during the war. "He charged me for like everyone's coffee!" Freddy Freeman says as he comes out of the cafe and plops down into the empty chair. "Hummf... What did you talk his ear off too?" Billy notices the glass of muddy water that Freddy is holding. "These people have amazing stories!" Says Freddy. He motions to the cafe. "That guy killed three rebels with his bare hands! It was nuts!" Freddy smiles and sniffs the drink, "I asked for an iced coffee." Billy sips his coffee and starts investigating the pictures on his camera. "I think I am gonna send this bunch to The Daily Planet." He hands the camera to Freddy who pushes his drink away with a disgusted look on his face. "Are these from Giza? That rebel hideout?" He takes the camera and starts flipping through the shots. Billy nods. "Yeah, it was brutal." Freddy gives the camera back to Billy with a mournful look on his face. A picture of a lost little girl crying holding a stuffed animal is on the screen. "They didn't even have parents anymore." Freddy says with sorrow in his voice. Billy sips his coffee and sets the camera down. They both sit in silence for a moment. He notices a bus coming down the street. He taps his fingers on the table and nods in the direction of the bus. Freddy looks. The bus pulls up in front of the hotel two buildings down. "Tourists?" asks Freddy. Billy looks on. He grabs his camera and case from the table and walks across the street. "I think it's him." calls Billy back over his shoulder. Freddy grabs his tape recorder and the two rush to the bus.
1200 B.C. - Khandaqi Desert
Bata is on his hands and knees. He is panting and breathing heavily. The sun is still beating down on him, hot as always. However, he can't hear his brother's screams. He turns onto his back and begins to start to run again but to his surprise his brother is looking out in another direction. A large hole is bashed into the side of his head. Bata looks at his bloody hand. He still held the rock. He drops it with a bit of terror and jumps backward shaking. He can't believe what has happened. He stands back up again looking in his brothers direction. Anubis searches the brush. "He can't see you." a voice booms from behind Bata making him jump in the other direction. He looks to the voice and sees an old man standing out in the plains. Bata takes a last look at the grotesque transformation that his brother has taken. Then runs out to the direction of the voice.
An old man stands before him in a sort of crater. The old man is dressed in rags and has a long white beard. His long flowing hair whips in the slight breeze. "Bata, I am Sha-Zham messenger of the Gods." Bata looks confused. "Who?" He studies the old man up and down. "What happened? What happened to my brother? Did you do this?" Bata approaches the old man. He holds his hand up in protest and Bata can't move his body. He just stands there like a statue. "What did you do!" Sha-Zham stares into Bata's eyes. He doesn't blink or look away. "Bata your brothers mind has been poisoned." Bata looks concerned. "His mind has been corrupted by a powerful entity known as Atum." Sha-Zham appears to be whispering but his voice sounds clear and crisp as if he were right next to him. "Atum?" Bata asks. "My brother's wife Qadesh tried to seduce me. I turned her down and she told my brother that I had made advances on her! Did Atum have something to do with that?" Bata struggles but can't move. Sha-Zham answers. "The woman you have come to know as Qadesh has been poisoned as well. They are both pawns in Atum's game now." Bata looks astonished. "We have to stop him! We have to save Qadesh and Anubis!" Bata stops struggling. "We cannot! Your Brother's soul has passed on." Bata stops struggling. "That monstrosity out there is just a hollow shell of what your brother was." Bata falls silent. "You are, however, a good man. Your heart is pure. You wan't nothing more than to protect those around you." Bata looks up to Sha-Zham with tears in his eyes. "We shall defeat this evil. We can take down Atum, you and I." The old man walks to Bata and he is able to move again. "Bata, you will be my champion. A champion of good in the face of evil. I will adorn you with the magic of the Gods and we can vanquish your Brother's murderer." Bata stands tall in front of the old man. "What can you tell me of Atum?." Bata asks. "Atum was a rebellious god. The celestials knew this and they tested him. He refused and grew bored then began intruding on the mortals lives. He needs to be stopped Bata, he will continue his little game and ruin this world forever. I can heal your wounds and bless you with this gift if you allow me." Bata nods. "Good then, lets stop this nonsense."
Today - Cairo, Egypt
As Billy and Freddy approach the bus they see a small entourage leading an older, weathered looking gentleman in a camouflage vest to the hotel lobby. "Doctor Sivana!" Billy calls out while running up. The entourage stops and two men begin to pull weapons from their jackets. Billy and Freddy slow and proceed cautiously. "Doctor Sivana we are not a threat! We sent word ahead. I am Billy Batson." Billy yells out, walking now. Doctor Sivana motions for the men to put their weapons down. Billy and Freddy approach. "Doctor Sivana," Billy says with admiration. "We are huge fans of your work sir." Freddy is catching his breath. "Your..." he breathes deep. "Your... like." Freddy begins coughing. Billy continues. "When we heard about your expedition we decided to stay in Egypt to cover it." Doctor Sivana smiles. The sun is beating down on his balding head. Tufts of white hair flick in the breeze. "This is no trouble my young man." Doctor Sivana says with a thick accent of some kind. "Ahh yes the Reporter for News Network One right? You wrote a few articles about my last digs in those Anthropology rags." Billy beams. "You read those?" Doctor Sivana doesn't smile. "They were dictated." Doctor Sivana motions for them all to start walking. "It is sweltering out here gentlemen. Let us continue our discussion inside with the magic of air-conditioning." He begins walking. "Your like Indiana Jones!" blurts out Freddy. Doctor Sivana stops walking and looks at Freddy with a confused look. He starts to say something and then just continues inside. Everyone else follows. Billy swats Freddy lightly. "What was that?" he asks as they continue into the Hotel Americane.
1200 B.C. - Khandaqi desert.
Anubis searches the desert brush. "He has got to be around here somewhere." he mutters to himself as he tears at bushes and rips up the ground. He kicks lizards and scorpions out of the dirt. The arid sun beats down from above. The wound on the side of his head is beginning to draw small flies. He cares not. His blazing eyes searching the horizon for something. Then he sees it. Lightning in the desert? A figure stands out there. Anubis instantly breaks into a gallop for the figure that he sees is Bata. When he arrives he slows and begins circling him. "Brother!" Anubis growls. Bata stands tall. He shows no fear whatsoever. "No!" Bata's voice booms."I emplore you to stop this madness! Your mind has been poisoned!" Anubis looks down at the ground. He studies his brother. "Something is different. Where did you disappear too? Did you talk with that pathetic dirty raggity-man magician? Did he show you some of his cheap tricks." Anubis snarls. "No matter!" Blood drips from his head. "I implore you brother please if you are still there. Stop this madness." Bata pleads. "I give you one warning." Anubis laughs. "No Bata, it is you that will learn a lesson today." Anubis crouches to pounce. Bata looks ready. "I warned you Anubis." Anubis pounces. "I have the power of Sha-Zham!" Bata yells and they are both blinded by white electricity.
Today - Cairo, Egypt
"You were here covering the war I assume?" Doctor Sivana asks. He drinks a sort of fizzy orange drink. Billy and Freddy sit at a table. Each have a glass of water. Billy's is untouched. "We came here last year." Billy said, his eyes look at nothing while he continues. "We came when we heard about the regime using chemical weapons on schools." Freddy drinks his water. "I mean what kind of scum targets children?" Billy takes a drink of his water too. Doctor Sivana sips his drink. "Are you two not ready to go home? I take it you are both exhausted?" He asks. Freddy is first to answer. "I started feeling pretty at home here like the week we came." Freddy is smiling. "I mean, it was terrible the things that we saw but the people were so nice and so friendly." Billy smiles too. "We met plenty of nice people out here." Doctor Sivana doesn't look amused. He holds his hand up. "Sure," he says coldly. "The people are wonderful... Let's cut to the chase gentlemen!" This statement catches the guys by surprise. "You want to what? Watch me dig?" Sivanas words kind of hurt. "Watch me break my back to come up with nothing!" He finishes his drink and pulls out a long cigarette. His breathing slows. A man in his entourage pats him on the back. He nods. Billy and Freddy look worried. They both drink simultaneously. "You know why I am here?" Freddy gulps and says. "To find the tomb of Anubis?" Doctor Sivana smiles. "Yes my boy. To find the Tomb of Anubis and unlock the power of the gods." Billy and Freddy look at each other in confusion. "Meet me here tomorrow gentlemen. I didn't come to Cairo to party. I came to Cairo to work." They slowly begin to rise with smiles on their unsure faces. "If you come with me then your gonna be put to work!" Doctor Sivana says. "You both look pretty smart. It's always a help to get someone with some real intellect out there in the sandbox." The guys stand there for a second speechless. Finally Billy says. "Yes sir... err... Doctor tomorrow would be great. What time?" The Doctor looks at his watch and starts walking away. "Four A.M. gentlemen! It gets hot here as you know and I am not yet acclimated. Lets get an early start!" He walks away down the corridor. Billy turns to Freddy and high fives. "Four tomorrow. Better head back and call it a night. What are you gonna do?" Billy asks. Freddy starts for the door. I have an interview, I'll call you tomorrow morning, what? Three? Three-Thirty?" Billy thinks on it. "Three-Thirty, get some me time in." says Freddy. "Later man." Freddy heads off in his direction. Billy heads to the hotel. "Later Freddy!"
to be continued.
___________________________________________________________________
Future Issues:
Captain Marvel #2 - Genesis: Part: 2
This is for DC Reinvented. A new universe for DC.
The editors of the Wellesley News last week managed to quite nicely sum up the idiocy sweeping America's campuses, writing, “Shutting down rhetoric that undermines the existence and rights of others is not a violation of free speech.”
Actually, that's exactly what it is.
Wait, the editorial says: “The founding fathers put free speech into the Constitution as a way to protect the disenfranchised and to protect individual citizens from the power of government.
The spirit of free speech is to protect the suppressed, not to protect a free-for-all where anything is acceptable, no matter how hateful and damaging.”
Yes, the Constitution limits what the government can do. But free speech is precisely about protecting a “free-for-all” — where those you deem hateful get their say, and you have the chance to debunk and expose them.
In any case, the ones who are “suppressed” on most US campuses today are the voices that the Wellesley women want to silence: anyone who presents facts and ideas that challenge progressive dogma.
Sadly, the students are learning from their professors. The six faculty members on the school's Presidential Commission on Race, Ethnicity, and Equity recently wrote that controversial speakers are exhausting the poor kids: “The speakers in question impose on the liberty of students, staff, and faculty at Wellesley.”
Specifically, students must “invest time and energy in rebutting the speakers' arguments . . . This work is not optional; students feel they would be unable to carry out their responsibilities as students without standing up for themselves.”
That's right: Having to work to rebut someone else's argument is an injury. (It only used to be what college was all about.)
Mind you, the Wellesley News editors grant that some kids come to college ignorant of the truth, and shouldn't be shouted down immediately. “If people are given the resources to learn and either continue to speak hate speech or refuse to adapt their beliefs, then hostility may be warranted,” the editorial reads.
In other words, education is now all about indoctrination — with stubborn holdouts subject to denunciation and, implicitly, violence.
After all this, the righteous editorialists express a bit of self-pity: “The emotional labor required to educate people is immense and is additional weight that is put on those who are already forced to defend their human rights.”
Whoever said the thought police had it easy?
Getting Started with OpenCL in Haskell
Introduction
OpenCL provides a way to interface with GPUs, CPUs, and other hardware to perform portable parallel processing. Over the last few weeks, I've found that Haskell has good support for OpenCL. For a beginner like myself, there are really three different things to learn about:
OpenCL execution model
OpenCL C dialect
Haskell bindings
If you're brand new to OpenCL, I highly recommend this very short series on YouTube by Justin Hensley of AMD:
It has an early-90s Microsoft-instructional-video vibe, but aside from that, it's really a great overview.
Which OpenCL package?
There are several OpenCL packages on Hackage, and it's not particularly clear which you should use. I'll try to summarise them here:
OpenCL - this is probably the package you want. It's a fork of OpenCLRaw that provides a higher-level interface. This is the package I'll use in my examples. (Thanks to Anthony Cowley for suggesting this package.)
OpenCLRaw - the original thin binding to the OpenCL C library. It exposes much of the API using types from Foreign.C.Types and, as a result, it's not very convenient. The original homepage link from Hackage is also dead.
hopencl - a binding originally written by Benedict Gaster of AMD. I tried this package first, but creating OpenCL Context s didn't work for me.
OpenCLWrappers - yet another fork of OpenCLRaw . It doesn't seem to offer much beyond what the OpenCL package does. I haven't tried using it however.
language-c-quote - not an OpenCL binding per-se, but a way to quasi-quote OpenCL C code. More on this later.
For the sake of completeness, these are the packages I'll use in this example:
OpenCL - the OpenCL bindings
- the OpenCL bindings CLUtil - utilities built on OpenCL
- utilities built on language-c-quote - OpenCL C quasiquoting
- OpenCL C quasiquoting mainland-pretty - pretty-printing quasiquoted OpenCL C
- pretty-printing quasiquoted OpenCL C vector - indexed arrays for storing data
What about OpenCL versions?
It doesn't seem to be necessary to match the OpenCL version on the machine you're using with the OpenCL version targeted by a Haskell package. For instance, I'm writing this on a MacBook Pro with OpenCL 1.2, but I haven't had any problems (yet) running the OpenCL package, which targets OpenCL 1.0.
The OpenCL C language is intended to be backwards compatible (this is mentioned in the spec), but I'm not sure to what extent this also extends to the runtime. I'll report more on this in the future if I discover any important caveats.
OpenCL Native Libraries
MacOS has had its own OpenCL implementation since Snow Leopard (10.6), which works with the OpenCL Haskell package. If you're using a different platform, I can't provide any guidance, except to say that you'll probably need to install something to provide an Installable Client Driver (ICD) for OpenCL.
Hello-World Example
The example I'll cover in this post is taken from my haskell-opencl-examples project on GitHub. Specifically, this is example 01-hello-world/Main.hs.
Imports and Pragmas
I use the QuasiQuotes language extension to quasiquote an OpenCL C kernel.
This is the full list of imports. Everything is imported explicitly or in qualified form except for the Control.Parallel.OpenCL package.
Platforms, Devices and Contexts
The platform model of OpenCL centers around the notions of Platform, Device and Context:
Platform A set of OpenCL Devices available to a host; allows creation of Contexts. Device Something like a GPU or CPU. Context A group of Devices for computation.
Most interactions with OpenCL occur in IO . The source examples below indicate when they're occuring inside a do block of IO .
Important functions for enumerating the platforms and devices are the following:
clGetPlatformIDs - lists OpenCL platforms
- lists OpenCL platforms clGetDeviceIDs - lists devices of a given type for a platform
- lists devices of a given type for a platform clGetPlatformInfo - information about a platform
- information about a platform clGetDeviceXXX - various information about a device
We can get an overview of the OpenCL environment of a machine with a function like describePlatforms below.
On my machine, this produces the following output:
Platform: Apple Device: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6920HQ CPU @ 2.90GHz Device: Intel(R) HD Graphics 530 Device: AMD Radeon Pro 460 Compute Engines
Context and Queue Creation
In order to perform a computation, we need to create a context in which the computation will run. The context groups devices and allows creation of things like memory buffers, queues and compiled kernels. Contexts are created using either clCreateContext or clCreateContextFromType . In the example below, we'll create a context for a CPU device using clCreateContextFromType .
OpenCL uses an asynchronous processing model. Commands are sent to a queue, and are then executed in a way that is determined by the OpenCL implementation. These enqueued operations can perform actions such as copying memory, executing kernels, and so on. Dependencies between enqueued actions are expressed by passing pointers to them at various points in the API. To create a queue for commands, we can use clCreateCommandQueue
If any errors occur, they will be thrown as exceptions in IO . The last parameter to clCreateContextFromType is a function of type String -> IO () , which is also used to report errors.
Kernel
The kernel is the OpenCL code that we're going to execute. This example uses the language-c-quote package so that the kernel source can be quasi-quoted.
In this example, the kernel source is supplied to OpenCL as a String . The kernel has to be compiled by OpenCL at runtime into a form that can be executed on the hardware we've chosen.
Buffers
Data is sent from Haskell to OpenCL using a buffer. In this example, we're going to use Storable Vectors (from the vector package) to hold data on the Haskell side. These are a good choice because they store data contigously under-the-hood.
In order to use Vectors easily with OpenCL, we'll make use of the CLUtil library by Anthony Cowley et al.
Run the kernel
To run the compiled kernel, we hook up the buffers to the kernel arguments and then enqueue the kernel to be run.
Copy output data
At this point, the kernel has not necessary even started running. OpenCL has an asynchronous processing model where many execution details are left to the implementation. Consequently, it's important to wait for computations to finish. In this case, we'll use bufferToVector , from CLUtil , which internally waits for the kernel execution to complete. It knows the dependent operations because execEvent is passed in as a parameter. bufferToVector returns a new vector when it has finished, creating it from the bufOut output buffer.
And that's it! We can print the outputData vector to confirm that the operation worked as expected and multiplied all the elements by 2.
Recap
This example covered:
It is so very difficult, indeed utterly unbearable, to sit silently by while Jews, and now the general religious and secular communities, completely misuse and distort the term tikkun olam—certainly not intentionally or out of any malice, but rather out of ignorance in the pursuit of virtuous goals and principles which may be applicable to general society and civilization but which have tragically become a poor substitute for authentic religious observance.
So says Grand Rabbi Y. A. Korff, Rebbe of the Zhvil-Mezbuz Hasidic sect.
While I feel his pain, he is a bit late to this party. The religious left has been making the same arguments for years. Korff quotes Rabbi Jill Jacobs' critique of the overly broad use of the term tikkun olam—in its present incarnation it can mean anything or nothing.
Jacobs, however, is not alone. Rabbis, scholars, and activists on the progressive end of the political spectrum have been pointing out the misuse of this term for a while.
In the 2008 collection of essays Righteous Indignation—in which a good many of the rabbis, scholars, and activists on the left are represented—Rabbi Dr. Jane Kanarek writes that “the term tikkun olam itself has become a cliché, used so often that it offers little real guidance for social justice efforts.” In the first issue of Tikkun, a magazine whose name and logo pointed to the then-growing movement to do social justice work with a Jewish frame, Rabbi Daniel Landes wrote:
Tikkun is manifested both on the macro level—the ultimate repair of the tear—and on the micro—the doing of concrete acts that lead to the ultimate repair. Tikkun has two dialectically related models: the Kabbalistic, the origin of the term and theory; and the Halakhic, which contains the behavioral substance molded and defined by the Kabbalistic.
All this is to say that the door that the Grand Rabbi is bursting through has been wide open for years. The issue I have with Korf's argument is that, in the end, it's a bait and switch. It is one thing to say that the term tikkun olam, in its historical and traditional sense, has been misused or misunderstood by a large majority of Jews. This is something that I, and many others with similar views, would mostly agree with. It is an entirely different thing to say that it is “a ‘pseudo-religion,' ‘social action fetishism' and a ‘vulgar misuse and distortion by assimilationists.'” Or that “‘the current [promiscuous] usage of this term represents a category mistake, is a blatant example of conversion by redefinition, and constitutes a paradigmatic example of the reductionist fallacy' which is merely ‘liberation theology without the theology.'”
Rabbi Jill Jacobs, cited by Korf as a critic of the term tikkun olam, is the executive director of “Tru'ah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights.” She has written a book steeped in traditional learning, Where Justice Dwells, which, as its subtitle suggests, “Pursu[es] Social Justice Through Jewish Law and Tradition.” In her book, Jacobs critiques the overbroad usage of the term tikkun olam—and shows that the tradition has a much more nuanced vocabulary for the work of social and economic justice. In my own book, Justice in the City: An Argument from the Sources of Rabbinic Judaism, the phrase tikkun olam does not appear.
The argument that Jews are obligated to work towards a more just world is not dependent on a single phrase, it is dependent on a consistent and coherent reading of an unbroken tradition that starts with Isaiah and is interpreted and expanded by the rabbis of Late Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and Modernity. At times this vision was narrower (only encompassing the Jewish community), but just as often the vision was broad and all encompassing. Consider these two statements. “We are obligated to support the gentile poor with the Jewish poor.” “All who can protest against something wrong that is being done… in the whole world, is accountable together with all citizens of the world.” These are Mishnaic and Talmudic statements, not the writings of contemporary rabbis.
The rabbis of this and the last century from many different streams of Judaism have cogently written about the importance of unions, the permissibility of strikes, the ethical problems of the death penalty, and the importance of ameliorating poverty. I would wholeheartedly embrace Korff's statement that, “for Jews who truly do want to engage in Tikkun Olam, the only honest and authentic Jewish way to do that is to encourage observance of the Torah across the entire spectrum of the Jewish Community,” since I firmly believe that the laws of treating workers in the sixth and seventh chapters of Baba Metzia, or the laws of poverty relief in the last chapter of Mishnah Peah and the first chapter of Baba Bathra, are as important as the laws of cooking on Shabbat in the third chapter of Shabbat.
There is a burgeoning library of books and articles on social justice written by people who are steeped in learning and committed to observant Jewish living of many stripes—and equally committed, because of their learning and practice, to create a more just world. To sit on the sidelines and bemoan the vulgarity of the hoi polloi without reading the literary products of the last two decades of learning and scholarship is an unfortunate exercise in solipsistic name-calling.
- The San Francisco Parks and Rec department announced the meadow adjacent to Golden Gate Park's Sharon Meadow will be renamed in honor of Robin Williams.
The area will now be called Robin Williams Meadow in honor of the late actor and Bay Area resident who supported the event Comedy Day.
Comedy Day took place in Golden Gate Park. In the beginning the event took place in Golden Gate Park's Music Concourse, but as it grew in popularity it was later moved to the Polo Field and then Sharon Meadow.
Comedy Day was an annual, free event that began in 1981.
The proposal to rename Sharon Meadow was officially made in September. At the time Mayor Ed Lee, who has since died, was quoted as saying, “Through his comedy, Robin Williams brought so much light into this world, which is why it is fitting that we are naming a beautiful outdoor meadow in his honor. Robin was one of San Francisco's cherished sons, whose selfless acts of philanthropy benefited communities across our city. We will forever remember him fondly and the Robin Williams Meadow will be a lasting testament to his legacy.”
Williams died at his Tiburon home on August 11th, 2014. The coroner ruled his death a suicide that resulted from asphyxia caused by hanging.
Williams had publicly acknowledged periodic struggles with substance abuse, and he had entered a substance abuse program shortly before his death. According to the coroner's report, his wife told an investigator that Williams did not go there because of recent drug or alcohol abuse, but rather to reaffirm the principles of his rehabilitation.
This week marks the release of the 2015 Brown Center Report on American Education, the fourteenth issue of the series. One of the three studies in the report, “Girls, Boys, and Reading,” examines the gender gap in reading. Girls consistently outscore boys on reading assessments. They have for a long time. A 1942 study in Iowa discovered that girls were superior to boys on tests of reading comprehension, vocabulary, and basic language skills.[i] Girls have outscored boys on the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) reading assessments since the first NAEP was administered in 1971.
I hope you'll read the full study—and the other studies in the report—but allow me to summarize the main findings of the gender gap study here.
Eight assessments generate valid estimates of U.S. national reading performance: the Main NAEP, given at three grades (fourth, eighth, and 12th grades); the NAEP Long Term Trend (NAEP-LTT), given at three ages (ages nine, 13, and 17); the Progress in International Reading Literacy Study (PIRLS), an international assessment given at fourth grade; and the Program for International Student Assessment (PISA), an international assessment given to 15-year-olds. Females outscore males on the most recent administration of all eight tests. And the gaps are statistically significant. Expressed in standard deviation units, they range from 0.13 on the NAEP-LTT at age nine to 0.34 on the PISA at age 15.
The gaps are shrinking. At age nine, the gap on the NAEP-LTT declined from 13 scale score points in 1971 to five points in 2012. During the same time period, the gap at age 13 shrank from 11 points to eight points, and at age 17, from 12 points to eight points. Only the decline at age nine is statistically significant, but at ages 13 and 17, declines since the gaps peaked in the 1990s are also statistically significant. At all three ages, gaps are shrinking because of males making larger gains on NAEP than females. In 2012, seventeen-year-old females scored the same on the NAEP reading test as they did in 1971. Otherwise, males and females of all ages registered gains on the NAEP reading test from 1971-2012, with males' gains outpacing those of females.
The gap is worldwide. On the 2012 PISA, 15-year-old females outperformed males in all sixty-five participating countries. Surprisingly, Finland, a nation known for both equity and excellence because of its performance on PISA, evidenced the widest gap. Girls scored 556 and boys scored 494, producing an astonishing gap of 62 points (about 0.66 standard deviations—or more than one and a half years of schooling). Finland also had one of the world's largest gender gaps on the 2000 PISA, and since then it has widened. Both girls' and boys' reading scores declined, but boys' declined more (26 points vs. 16 points). To put the 2012 scores in perspective, consider that the OECD average on the reading test is 496. Finland's strong showing on PISA is completely dependent on the superior performance of its young women.
The gap seems to disappear by adulthood. Tests of adult reading ability show no U.S. gender gap in reading by 25 years of age. Scores even tilt toward men in later years.
The words “seems to disappear” are used on purpose. One must be careful with cross-sectional data not to assume that differences across age groups indicate an age-based trend. A recent Gallup poll, for example, asked several different age groups how optimistic they were about finding jobs as adults. Optimism fell from 68% in grade five to 48% in grade 12. The authors concluded that “optimism about future job pursuits declines over time.” The data do not support that conclusion. The data were collected at a single point in time and cannot speak to what optimism may have been before or after that point. Perhaps today's 12th graders were even more pessimistic several years ago when they were in fifth grade. Perhaps the 12th-graders are old enough to remember when unemployment spiked during the Great Recession and the fifth-graders are not. Perhaps 12th-graders are simply savvier about job prospects and the pitfalls of seeking employment, topics on which fifth-graders are basically clueless.
At least with the data cited above we can track measures of the same cohorts' gender gap in reading over time. By analyzing multiple cross-sections—data collected at several different points in time—we can look at real change. Those cohorts of nine-year-olds in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, are—respectively—today in their 50s, 40s, and 30s. Girls were better readers than boys when these cohorts were children, but as grown ups, women are not appreciably better readers than men.
Care must be taken nevertheless in drawing firm conclusions. There exists what are known as cohort effects that can bias measurements. I mentioned the Great Recession. Experiencing great historical cataclysms, especially war or economic chaos, may bias a particular cohort's responses to survey questions or even its performance on tests. American generations who experienced the Great Depression, World War II, and the Vietnam War—and more recently, the digital revolution, the Great Recession, and the Iraq War—lived through events that uniquely shape their outlook on many aspects of life.
What Should be Done?
The gender gap is large, worldwide, and persistent through the K-12 years. What should be done about it? Maybe nothing. As just noted, the gap seems to dissipate by adulthood. Moreover, crafting an effective remedy for the gender gap is made more difficult because we don't definitely know its cause. Enjoyment of reading is a good example. Many commentators argue that schools should make a concerted effort to get boys to enjoy reading more. Enjoyment of reading is statistically correlated with reading performance, and the hope is that making reading more enjoyable would get boys to read more, thereby raising reading skills.
It makes sense, but I'm skeptical. The fact that better readers enjoy reading more than poor readers—and that the relationship stands up even after boatloads of covariates are poured into a regression equation—is unpersuasive evidence of causality. As I stated earlier, PISA produces data collected at a single point in time. It isn't designed to test causal theories. Reverse causality is a profound problem. Getting kids to enjoy reading more may in fact boost reading ability. But the causal relationship might be flowing in the opposite direction, with enhanced skill leading to enjoyment. The correlation could simply be indicating that people enjoy activities that they're good at—a relationship that probably exists in sports, music, and many human endeavors, including reading.
Author T Tom Loveless Former Brookings Expert
A Key Policy Question
A key question for policymakers is whether boosting boys' enjoyment of reading would help make boys better readers. I investigate by analyzing national changes in PISA reading scores from 2000, when the test was first given, to 2102. PISA creates an Index of Reading Enjoyment based on several responses to a student questionnaire. Enjoyment of reading has increased among males in some countries and decreased in others. Is there any relationship between changes in boys' enjoyment and changes in PISA reading scores?
There is not. The correlation coefficient for the two phenomena is -0.01. Nations such as Germany raised boys' enjoyment of reading and increased their reading scores by about 10 points on the PISA scale. France, on the other hand, also raised boys' enjoyment of reading, but French males' reading scores declined by 15 points. Ireland increased how much boys enjoy reading by a little bit but the boys' scores fell a whopping 37 points. Poland's males actually enjoyed reading less in 2012 than in 2000, but their scores went up more than 14 points. No relationship.
Some Final Thoughts
How should policymakers proceed? Large, cross-sectional assessments are good for measuring academic performance at one point in time. They are useful for generating hypotheses based on observed relationships, but they are not designed to confirm or reject causality. To do that, randomized control trials should be conducted of programs purporting to boost reading enjoyment. Also, consider that it ultimately may not matter whether enjoying reading leads to more proficient readers. Enjoyment of reading may be an end worthy of attainment irrespective of its relationship to achievement. In that case, RCTs should carefully evaluate the impact of interventions on both enjoyment of reading and reading achievement, whether the two are related or not.
His job approval in this poll is 44/48 and his favorable rating is 43/47, broadly in line with the margin of the popular vote in November, which makes the numbers on how the media's been treating him so interesting. There's a small but significant chunk of the public that doesn't much like Trump but which believes nonetheless that the press is giving him a bad rap.
Republicans are also fully on board with Trump's frequent accusations that the media is manufacturing “fake news” to undermine his presidency. Asked if they believe that the news media is “exaggerating the problems with the Trump administration because they are uncomfortable and threatened with the kind of change Trump represents,” a whopping 89 percent of Republicans agreed. On that measure, a majority of all Americans – 53 percent – also say the same, although that includes just 21 percent of Democrats.
I wouldn't have used the word “just” in that last sentence. Trump's favorable rating in this poll among Democrats is nine percent. There's tremendous partisan pressure on the left pushing against the idea that criticism of him is somehow illegitimate or unfair. To get a fifth of the party to say anyway that the media's exaggerating his problems, the perceptions of bias must be awfully strong, even among the opposition. And that's not the only question on which a majority overall sides with Trump on the subject of bias:
Media questions weren't the only ones where the answers were more pro-Trump than you'd expect given his tepid job approval. Byron York notes an uptick in optimism:
The Journal-NBC pollsters asked 1,000 adults, “When you think about the future of the country, would you say that you are mainly hopeful and optimistic or mainly worried and pessimistic?” Sixty percent said they feel hopeful and optimistic, while 40 percent said they feel worried and pessimistic. That hopeful number is higher than when the Journal last asked the question in December 2016 (when it was 56 percent), and in August 2016 (54 percent), and September 2005 (53 percent)… There are other indicators in the Journal-NBC poll that suggest good feelings among Americans in the wake of Trump's victory. The pollsters asked, “During the next twelve months, do you think that the nation's economy will get better, get worse, or stay about the same?” Forty-one percent said they expect the economy to get better, versus just 21 percent who expect it to get worse and 36 percent who expect the economy to stay the same. That 41 percent, plus 42 percent who expected better times in the Journal's poll last month, are the highest expectation numbers in the Journal's polling since October 2012, right before Barack Obama was re-elected.
The stock market rally since Trump's victory is, I assume, the main driver of that. What's the main driver in perceptions of unfairness by the media, though — a striking result given that just last week a different poll found 52 percent trust the media to tell them the truth more than they trust versus 37 percent who said the opposite? I'd guess it has less to do with outright errors in coverage than a combination of the leak-o-rama that's currently plaguing the White House, overt disdain from big-name commentators of the sort seen here, plus the phenomenon described by Pascal-Emmanuel Gobry of reporters covering Trump's own errors without full context. The “last night in Sweden” screw-up is a vintage example: Of course Trump should be called out on his obvious mistake, but if you're going to upbraid him for getting something about immigration in Sweden wrong, make sure your readers/viewers understand where his skepticism about that is coming from. Above and apart from all that, the media has made no bones of the fact that it sees itself as an aggressive check on Trump, even the last line of defense for democracy, and it's accepted that role with enthusiasm. Of course the public, including some Democrats, will notice that oppositional posture and perceive unfairness towards Trump in it vis-a-vis how Obama was treated.
Assuming the job approval numbers here are accurate, his war with the media isn't helping him build support among the general public but it may be helping him hold support among Republicans who are otherwise skittish about his first month. Time will tell, but skipping the odious, elitist White House Correspondents Dinner can only improve his standing among his base. Exit quotation from Sean Spicer, all but admitting that the NYT, Politico, et al. really were barred from the press gaggle on Friday because of their critical coverage of Trump: “We're going to aggressively push back… We're just not going to sit back and let false narratives, false stories and inaccurate facts get out there.”
We have experienced the kvk kill event aspect of Game of War. New hero and restorative research tree to spend our time, resources, and money on. Now, what's next for Game of War? How will MZ hold the interest of so many players?
Personally, I've reached a plateau of sorts in my gameplay. I'm too big to be attacked solo and judging by the last kill event not a good target for rallies. The kill event experience is declining.
Alliance members are expressing thoughts of leaving the game.
Currently, however, a new war with a local alliance has popped up yet again as they attempt to claim Dahae as their own. They seek to destroy the kingdom leaving only their alliance to reign. I've witnessed this on other kingdoms we've faced in kill events. So fighting them has sparked a bit of an interest.
I am enjoying my sh 14 anvil account. It's enjoyable to surprise t4 marches with a million t2 and traps. But I wonder what MZ plans to do next? Will it be T5? Will to develop coliseum into more of a kill event battlefield?
Some friends have left to start in new kingdoms. They are kings there in the ruling alliance and appear to be having a blast.
To this point, Game of War has been mostly a building game and less so battle or war game. So many people play it to develop resource generating accounts and are upset when they must engage in battle. Mostly due to the cost of troops and traps. Mz recognized this and introduced the restorative tree but will it be enough?
Related
The namesake waterfalls were gushing a little too dramatically at Frank Lloyd Wright's iconic Fallingwater this weekend. On Saturday, the official Facebook page for the property, a National Historic Landmark in Mill Run, Pennsylvania, alerted fans than Bear Run, the waterfall that runs beneath Fallingwater had overflowed due to flooding, damaging the plunge pool beneath it and Jacques Lipchitz's sculpture, Mother and Child, that stood there.
The sculpture, featuring a woman cast in bronze, was hand-selected for the site by Wright and installed following the completion of Fallingwater, one of his most recognizable and highly visited buildings, created for Pittsburgh's Kaufmann family in 1939. Lipchitz, a Lithuanian-born artist best known for his Cubist sculpture, was living in Paris at the time of Fallingwater's construction but fled to New York following Nazi occupation of France and completed Mother and Child there in 1941.
Jacques Lipchitz pictured at the Museum of Modern Art with one of his sculptures. A similar one at Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater was dislodged in a flood this weekend. Photo: Erika Stone via Getty
Representatives for Fallingwater, which is now open to the public for tours and operated by the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy, assured concerned fans that no damage was done to the building's interiors. They are working with experts to assess the damage to Lipchitz's sculpture, a familiar and beloved sight at the house. With yearlong festivities on the docket to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Wright's birth, the Conservancy is sure to complete repairs as swiftly as possible.
More from Architectural Digest‎:
The 15 Most Beautiful Main Streets Across America
The World's 10 Most Expensive Hotel Rooms with the Best Views
The 11 Best Small Beach Towns in the World
11 Iconic American Monuments to Visit
“Reboot U of T” plans to cut salaries, dissolve executive positions
Documents obtained by The Varsity from a confidential source comprise a portion of the campaign plan of an apparent UTSU elections slate by the name of Reboot UofT, which reveals a “tentative” eight-point platform plan to overhaul the union.
One document appears to be a list of candidates to run with Reboot UofT. The executive candidates listed are: Micah Ryu for President, Jessica Leung for Vice President Internal and Services, Keelie-Shay Eaid for Vice President Equity, Micael Thompson for Vice President University Affairs, Nadine Aboud for Vice President External, Abdul Dau for Vice President Campus Life, and Jenny Yue for Vice President Professional Faculties.
The Varsity reached out to Ryu for confirmation on this list; he said that he could not comment due to elections rules that prohibit him from campaigning prior to the official campaign period, however he added that, based on the names of the executives listed, he thought that The Varsity had obtained a recent copy of the candidates document.
None of the apparent executive candidates listed have previously been on the UTSU executive or board of directors. UTSU elections have recently featured two slates — one backed by college student societies and another backed by Canadian Federation of Students (CFS)-connected individuals. There is no evidence to suggest that Reboot UofT matches either of these descriptions.
A document called “Reboot UofT — Tentative Platform” refers to the slate as “a group of establishment outsiders” that is “uniquely equipped to tackle the issues that insiders have turned a blind eye to.” Ryu stated that the term “establishment” has since been edited out of the document. It contains eight platform points.
The first point calls for full-time staff of the UTSU to be “cut” and for their roles to be replaced by part-time student jobs. “The collective agreement negotiated by the UTSU with its staff in 2015 will be up for renewal in the next school year, and we will take this opportunity to cut down on excess staff,” a portion of the document reads.
In a phone conversation with The Varsity Tuesday, Ryu clarified that some of the full-time UTSU staff positions, such as the Health and Dental Coordinator, would remain in place.
The second point calls for the removal of the UTSU executive positions, to be replaced by committees.
Points three through five call for increased transparency regarding clubs funding, and the provision of “accurate representation” of the UTSU membership's wants and needs. Part of point four declares: “We will also require the UTSU to support political stances supported by a majority of students.”
Point six proposes lobbying Governing Council to abolish breadth requirements. Points seven and eight call for splitting the UTSU into the UTSU and the SGSU, and finding “a way to deal with the Student Commons catastrophe within the year,” respectively.
Ryu stated that a more current version of the platform includes a ninth platform point that pertains to fee diversion for professional students.
This story is developing. More to follow.
With files from Mubashir Baweja and Jaren Kerr.
Tags: UTSU, UTSU elections
Learn how Illumina uses bridge PCR and sequencing-by-synthesis to sequence DNA in their Next-Generation Sequencing machines.
Learn about bridge PCR, another way DNA sequencers are amplifying their DNA in Next-Generation Sequencing devices.
Learn how the Ion Torrent machine works, and about the semiconductor sequencing technique. Learn how the ISFET sensor is used to as essentially a pH meter that detects when a dNTP is added to a growing strand of DNA.
Learn about one of the very first second generation sequencing technologies. Pyrosequencing uses sequencing by synthesis and utilizes pyrophosphate as a means to detect whether a dXTP is present.
Thus far we have learned how to sequence DNA using sequencing by synthesis methods. Let's now learn how to sequence a DNA strand by ligation methods, which binds 8 to 9 bases at a time instead of just 1.
Learn about emulsion PCR (ePCR), one of the PCR techniques used in next-generation sequencing.
Learn what Next-Generation Sequencing (NGS) technology is, and what it means.
Learn about how Next-Generation Sequencing techniques are used today to rapidly sequence billions of DNA base pairs for low costs.
Thank you for reporting bugs to bugs@snipcademy.com.
Copyright © Snipcademy 2019
Disclaimer: Snipcademy is supported by your purchases of our recommended products through Amazon Services LLC and the ads posted on our website. All products listed are thoroughly researched, curated and reviewed so that viewers are given the best recommendations. Thank you and happy browsing!
The Emmy-nominated “Burka Avenger” series started in Pakistan in 2013 and has since launched in Afghanistan.
A female cartoon superhero who dons a burka to tackle crimes against girls and other social ills is bringing her message of women's empowerment to India, the creator of the Pakistani children's series said.
Advertising
The Emmy-nominated “Burka Avenger” series started in Pakistan in August 2013 and has since launched in Afghanistan, winning global accolades including the Peabody Award, International Gender Equity Prize and Asian Media Award.
Its main protagonist, a teacher called Jiya – who tackles everything from the ban on girls going to school, to child labour to environmental degradation – was named as one of the most influential fictional characters of 2013 by Time magazine.
[related-post]
The series' creator and director Haroon Rashid said “Burka Avenger” would launch in India in April with the Zee Network and will be broadcast in four languages – Hindi, English, Tamil and Telegu.
Advertising
“It is launching on the ZeeQ channel which is a children's edutainment channel so it is the perfect fit for ‘Burka Avenger',” said Rashid in a statement late on Monday.
“We are rolling out a worldwide launch for the ‘Burka Avenger' series this year so it is fantastic that one of the first territories is India where we are able to reach such a large audience.”
Media pundits say the series immediately struck a chord in Pakistan where Taliban militants have prevented thousands of girls from going to school and attacked activists campaigning for their education.
The issue grabbed the world's attention in October 2012 when child rights activist and Nobel Prize winner Malala Yousafzai was shot and badly injured by militants who boarded her school bus in northwest Pakistan.
Commentators say the ironic symbolism in the cartoon – where the burka, often seen as a form of subjugation is used as a form of empowerment, and that Jiya uses books and pens as projectile weapons – is a creative way of capturing viewers' attention.
Aparna Bhosle, deputy business head of ZeeQ, said each of the 13 episodes in the first series gives a positive message with fun, action and comedy, ensuring that “it does not come across as preachy”.
“‘Burka Avenger' is an amazing show – both in terms of quality of animation and storytelling. We are always on the lookout for shows with themes that are relevant to Indian children and we are very fortunate that we have this show,” said Bhosle.
Crimes against women and girls such as child marriage, domestic violence, so-called “honour killings” and trafficking are widespread in the South Asia region.
Advertising
A 2014 World Bank report said that excess female child mortality, or the greater rate at which girls die compared to boys, is higher in the region than anywhere else in the world.
Pennsylvania legalization debate heats up!
Last update: February 14, 2019
The conversation about whether Pennsylvania should legalize and regulate marijuana for adults is picking up steam.
In December, Gov. Tom Wolf (D) said the state should take a “serious and honest look” at legalization. Then, on Feburary 11, Lt. Gov. John Fetterman kicked off a statewide listening tour on legalization. Fetterman's listening tour will include visits to all 67 counties. You can check out upcoming stops here and weigh in online here.
Supporters should take advantage of this opportunity to make their voices heard. To prepare, check out MPP's background materials — such as the top 10 reasons to regulate cannabis and a snapshot of how things are going in Colorado and Washington six years into legalization.
In other exciting news, Rep. Jake Wheatley (D) and 26 cosponsors introduced a bill to relegate cannabis prohibition to the dustbin of history. Write your legislators to voice your support for ending prohibition.
On July 19, 2018, Auditor General Eugene DePasquale released a report projecting Pennsylvania could generate $581 million per year if it ends marijuana prohibition and taxes and regulates cannabis for adults 21 and older.
While these developments are encouraging, House Speaker Mike Turzai (R) is staunchly opposed, and Senate leadership is also an obstacle. Both the House and Senate have Republican majorities, and no Republican legislator in Pennsylvania has voiced support for legalization yet. It's all the more important that supporters of humane policy make their voices heard.
Decriminalization bill makes progress
On October 9, 2018, for the first time, the Pennsylvania House Judiciary Committee approved a bill to reduce the penalty for simple possession of marijuana to a fine. The bill did not receive a vote before the legislature adjourned in November.
Now that the legislature has reconvened for its 2019 session, let your state lawmakers know you want them to pass a decriminalization bill.
Given leadership's opposition to legalization, ending prohibition is likely to be a multi-year effort. In the meantime, the state should at least stop criminalizing cannabis consumers.
Meanwhile, Pennsylvania cities have been reducing their own marijuana penalties. On September 25, 2018, Lancaster decriminalized simple possession of marijuana, joining Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Harrisburg, York, State College, Erie, and Bethlehem. In addition to these cities, 23 states and the District of Columbia have all stopped jailing individuals for possession of small amounts of marijuana.
To get involved locally, contact the Keystone Cannabis Coalition. You can find some background materials on decriminalization here.
Medical marijuana sales underway
February 15, 2018 was an historic day in the Keystone State. Less than two years after the governor signed Act 16into law, dispensaries began selling medical marijuana to patients and caregivers. Pennsylvania is expected to be one of the largest medical marijuana markets in the country. As of February 2019, around 50 dispensaries across the state are operational, with dozens more anticipated.
In another exciting development, on May 12, 2018, the Health Department published revised regulations making several important improvements to the medical cannabis program. The regulations allow patient access to medical cannabis flower and expand qualifying conditions — including substitute therapy for opiate addiction. The changes were all recommended by the Medical Marijuana Advisory Board.
Congratulations to the department of health and all of the lawmakers and advocates who made this possible!
Medical cannabis resources
MPP has developed a number of fact sheets for Pennsylvania patients, caregivers, doctors, and employers. Please print and share these materials with others, including your physician.
You can also learn more on MPP's medical marijuana page. If you want to learn more about becoming a registered patient, visit the health department's website.
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in Kaduna State debunked reports that some Muslims protected Christians during Christmas celebration.
It would be recalled that earlier this week it was provided that 200 Muslim youths took part in Kaduna church services to protect Christians. The move was reportedly aimed at strengthening peaceful coexistence between the two groups.
However December 31, Reverend Sunday Ibrahim, the secretary of the Kaduna State chapter of CAN, made the refutation in a statement, Sahara Reported informs.
READ ALSO: What is civic education and its importance
He disclosed that unlike claimed, the usual security agents were drafted for this mission.
"It has become imperative for us to clarify this falsehood and confusion in local and international media. Many of our members have been calling and asking questions whether a Church was protected from being attacked by Muslims in [the] Sabo area on Christmas day? And we said it is not true, and we don't want people to create panic and dishing out [an] inciting story."
CAN representative added that there was not a single church of 600 that was protected by Muslims on Christmas.
"..no record of any Church in Sabon Tasha, Barnawa and environs out of the over 400 Churches that was protected by Muslims. Sabon Tasha is a 100 percent Christian-dominated area, and how will Muslims come from Rigasa and Tudun Wada to protect a Church in Sabon Tasha?"
Ibrahim said that they didn't mind introducing such an initiative, but insisted that fake stories should not take place and bring confusion.
"We are not against any peace initiative as we are working with Jama'atu Nasril Islam for peace. However we are not aware of this fabricated story from any Church, security agencies, military, police and the SSS capable of creating confusion."
On the festive day Muslims visited a Christian pastor to celebrate with him, but not protect a church, the shed the light on the situation adding that not a single church was under threat on Christmas.
I, Anonymous Once-a-Day Valtrex Is Not Enough to Suppress Your Ego
Stop with all the fucking self-pity and woe-is-me bullshit, you self-absorbed twat. Guess what? You totally deserved to get herpes. Not because you made a reckless decision and let a random dude go down on you without protection, but because you're so fucking full of yourself (plus, your reasons for said reckless decision were vaguely racist).
In fact, I can't think of a single person more deserving of getting herpes than you, with your overinflated ego and lack of self control. I am sick of hearing about all the boys you hook up with and the "adorable" things they say. I know you know I'm not interested—you actually have to ask me to ask you about what happened with so-and-so, and I still never do. Just so you know, a blank look means "get the fuck out of my room, it's three in the fucking morning," NOT "please spend the next hour and a half telling me every excruciating detail of your life." If I have to have one more conversation about how herpes is affecting your sex life, I am going to punch you in the ovaries.
And FYI, calling yourself a make-out slut is not cute, especially not when the reason you're not a real slut is because you don't want to admit to anyone that you have herpes.
Hezbollah MP Walid Sakariya told Lebanese television this week that the nuclear weapon Iran is allegedly developing is intended to annihilate Israel.
In a segment recorded and translated by MEMRI (the Middle East Media Research Institute), Sakariya, also a retired general, told his interviewer on Hezbollah's al-Manar TV Tuesday that should Iran acquire a nuclear weapon it would serve Syrian as well as Iranian interests, namely the eradication of the Jewish state.
“This nuclear weapon is intended to create a balance of terror with Israel, to finish off the Zionist enterprise, and to end all Israeli aggression against the Arab nation,” Sakariya said.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“The entire equation in the Middle East will change,” he asserted.
Iranian officials typically assert that their controversial nuclear program is meant solely for peaceful purposes.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-3Qotue-b4&list=UUpBvIBfZ-foo5ZbLH5O0N4g&index=2&feature=plcp
The refs had a bad night in the Chiefs and Raiders Thursday night football game. They missed calls and made bad calls. It wasn't just that they missed a few calls it's that those calls came on huge plays — one on a touchdown and another that negated a turnover.
They got some right, including a few big ones at the end like Jared Cook's non-game winner late that wasn't actually a touchdown.
They made other bad mistakes though.
Offensive pass interference non-call results in Raiders TD
The crazy thing here are the refs threw the penalty flag AND THEN PICKED IT UP! They decided this was NOT offensive pass interference.
The phantom illegal contact
Tony Romo was quick to call this one out as a bad call. Derek Carr fumbled and Justin Houston recovered the ball on this play. Huge turnover, right? Nope. Away from the ball was this phantom illegal contact call on Eric Murray.
They call this illegal contact but no OPI on Cooper. Fix is in#ChiefsNation pic.twitter.com/s2SxRg8SuQ — Represent Mizzou (@RepresentMizzou) October 20, 2017
Tony Romo was quick to point out that this was actually a bad call and the Chiefs got screwed. The Raiders went on to kick a field goal.
Where's the facemask?
The Raiders punted it to Tyreek Hill and the punter Marquette King came down and made the tackle. You can tell it's a punter making the tackle because it was an awkward tackle.
Did anyone notice King ripped his helmet off by the facemask? I saw it live and this screengrab shots the facemask. This one wasn't as bad as the others but this was obvious watching it live.
SHORTLY before the 2009 UN climate summit in Copenhagen, many companies got into green. The summit was expected to lead to new regulations restricting greenhouse-gas emissions. Dozens of chief executives came to see history being made and to be seen on the right side of it. But Copenhagen was a flop. Most firms turned their thoughts elsewhere. Only four bosses showed up at the next annual climate meet, in Cancún. Few are expected at this year's bash, which begins in Durban on November 28th.
Alas, that represents a realistic assessment of the Durban summit's chances of delivering anything like the long-term certainty that businesses crave. Of 300 bosses of big global firms recently quizzed by Ernst & Young, 83% said they wanted to see a legally binding multilateral deal struck in Durban to update the ailing Kyoto protocol and help to put a price on carbon emissions. But only 18% expect this to happen. The absence of a clear climate policy helps explain why, for example, investment in British clean technology fell from around $11 billion in 2009 to $3 billion last year. It would also suggest that any firm factoring a steep carbon price into its plans—as Shell does, assuming a notional price of $40 a tonne—should quietly lower it.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Yet this is not the whole story. Despite the failures of the UN process and a tough economy, many firms are increasing their eco-friendly investments. Of Ernst & Young's respondents, 44% said their company's spending on sustainability—a woolly term that refers partly to the welfare of employees but mainly to green strategies—had increased since the 2008 financial crisis. Another 44% said that, unlike tumbling public spending on greenery, it had stayed the same. This is consistent with a discernible trend, argues Juan Costa Climent, Ernst & Young's head of sustainability. Many companies have found that, even with little carbon regulation, some sorts of green investment make commercial sense.
Improved energy efficiency and waste management are obvious examples. With oil prices so high, small changes can save a lot of money, which is why companies that adopted ambitious emissions-reduction targets around the time of Copenhagen have tended to stiffen, not slacken, them. They include Walmart, which adopted energy-efficiency targets in 2005 and claims to be saving over $200m a year on transport fuel alone. Tesco aims to be carbon-neutral by 2050 and claims to be saving £150m ($239m) a year. According to the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), a watchdog that collects information on the emissions of over 500 large companies, 59% of emissions-reducing investments made so far—mostly in energy efficiency or renewable energy—will pay for themselves within three years.
The falling price of renewable energy is starting to offer firms another way to cut costs. A big advantage of solar and wind energy is that it is distributed: put a panel or a turbine on a factory roof and you have electricity to drive machinery. This makes it attractive to mining companies, which operate in inconvenient places where they cannot easily plug into a national grid. BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto are both investing in renewables. So is Alcoa, an aluminium producer, which is also attempting to measure its environmental impacts. This could provide a defence against future emissions regulations or perhaps help it grab green subsidies.
In a recent survey of CDP's companies, 68% claimed to have made their global-warming strategy part of their core strategy, up from 48% last year. Given a surfeit of green PR bunkum, it is not easy to know whether they mean what they say. But if they are sincere, it is probably because they believe they must plan for a world in which water and other natural resources are increasingly scarce. Commodity prices are rising, and droughts seem increasingly common in fast-growing developing countries, including China and India. According to a recent survey by PwC, most bosses believe that resource scarcity is a bigger threat to their medium-term prospects than climate change more broadly.
The companies making the most noise about resource constraints are, by and large, the ones already known for their greenery. Yet that is not necessarily a reason for cynicism. These firms include Coca-Cola, Unilever, Nestlé and PepsiCo, all of which have big ambitions in developing countries and use a lot of water. Each firm's embrace of greenery has followed a similar pattern. At least partly in response to being attacked by green activists—including Coke for using HFC refrigerant gases, Pepsi for dumping plastic waste and Nestlé and Unilever for their ties to palm-oil companies linked to tropical deforestation—all have been improving their environmental record for a decade or more. In the process, they appear to have become seriously convinced about the benefits of being green.
More than just being seen to be green
Cutting energy costs is only part of the story. A world of scarcity will create new opportunities for money-making: by developing products that use fewer valuable resources, for example, or which allow users to use less. “We know what the future looks like,” says Gavin Neath, Unilever's head of sustainability. “We know water will be very scarce, we know that energy prices will be much higher, we know sanitation will be ghastly in increasingly crowded urban areas.” He may or may not be right, but Unilever is certainly putting its money where his mouth is.
It has started selling products in Asia specially designed for that resource-constrained future, including detergents that clean well at relatively low temperatures and can be rinsed off using relatively little water. In a forthcoming report, the McKinsey Global Institute, a think-tank, will argue that using energy and resources more efficiently could save the world $2.9 trillion a year by 2030, and massively curb emissions. It could also make clean firms a lot of filthy cash.
Image caption Edney slashed the throat of Mr Hobbs, narrowly missing his vocal cords
A man saved his life by using a doner kebab to stem the flow of blood from a knife wound to his neck, a court heard.
James Hobbs was stabbed by Jamie Edney, as he held the kebab, during a fight outside Edney's flat in Somerset, Taunton Crown Court was told.
Edney, 36, of Longstone Avenue, Bridgwater, was jailed for more than five years for the attack.
He carried out the attack after Mr Hobbs had accused him of having an affair with his girlfriend.
Edney, who at the time of the attack was a neighbour of Mr Hobbs in flats at Charlotte Court, Highbridge, was jailed for five-and-a-half-years.
'Asking for trouble'
He had denied a charge of grievous bodily harm during his four-day trial, and was sentenced during a hearing at Bristol Crown Court.
The jury had heard Mr Hobbs was stabbed by Edney after starting a fight outside the defendant's flat, where he had gone after buying food with a cousin in January 2011.
He used the kebab in an attempt to seal the 5in (12.7cm) wound, but still lost more than six pints of blood.
The court was told Mr Hobbs had been punching Edney when he sustained the wound, which was very close to his vocal cords.
As he passed sentence, Judge Michael Longman told Edney: "I accept that you did not go looking for trouble. It was not begun by you.
"It was Mr Hobbs who came to your door and he did so in a temper.
"To answer the door holding the knife was asking for trouble... you selected the knife intending to intimidate."
Judge Longman told Edney that he was giving him the lowest sentence possible due to the mitigating circumstances.
Mr Hobbs, from Highbridge, needed an operation to open his windpipe and 27 staples to seal the cut.
He was told by doctors that he was lucky to be alive.
Browncoats rejoice: Fox is bringing Firefly back. But not, you know, as a Netflix exclusive series or something like that. Nope, they've decided to release Firefly Online — technically they're calling it a “multi-user social role playing game” rather than an MMO — for mobile devices. No word if Joss Whedon is involved in any way, but anything that's actually official is kind of a welcome gift at this point. The bottom line to all this is that I want my digital Nathan Fillion, and I want him now.
MMOs based on sci-fi series have kind of been a thing recently, with games such as Star Trek Online and Star Wars: The Old Republic hitting shelves. Given the Firefly fanbase's rabid hunger for anything new that's official, this will probably sell gangbusters. If so, it's been said that they'll put out a PC version. So, there's that.
It's being developed by Spark Plug Games, a company with a good deal of experience in mobile games. Not all their titles are notable, but they were responsible for the successful Puzzle Quest 2. They showed a teaser trailer at San Diego Comic-Con, and while it gives us a few details about the goals players will have, it obviously didn't bother to show any gameplay. So we have no idea what kind of MMO it will be. But hey, it's got ships flying around and stuff!
Also, if you happen to be at SDCC, the team behind the game is chilling over at booth #3249. So please feel free to pressure them into putting in Captain Reynolds in a playable position.
(via Uproxx)
Meanwhile in related links
Alleged Newcastle paedophile network to be exposed by royal commission
Updated
A web of child sexual abuse in the Newcastle Anglican diocese has alleged links to politicians, business people, doctors and members of the city's legal fraternity, the ABC understands.
Inquiries into abuse incidents in the diocese are underway by a police strike force and the Royal Commission into Child Sexual Abuse.
Several alleged paedophile rings with links to local schools and children's homes are also being investigated.
Clearly there are questions to be asked about those relationships and how they operated and how they were protecting each other. Greg Thompson, Anglican Bishop of Newcastle
There are also allegations of Anglican and Catholic clergy protecting each other.
Bishop Thompson said questions need to be asked about those allegations.
"If your ministry team exists in a small town, they know each other," he said.
"Then clearly there are questions to be asked about those relationships and how they operated and how they were protecting each other."
Bishop Thompson said there was a concerning culture in the community.
"I think the culture is not only in the church ... it is in the wider community and the relationships that people have with each other from sporting clubs, from professional associations, from going to school," he said.
"They have held those relationships in such high esteem that they've not been prepared to name and own up to the abuse that's gone on [among] their friends.
"They have been silent and not acted, and now is the time to come forward.
"I think we need to ask the good question of how people were protected, and what were the motivations of people when they heard about abuse from children."
Some people 'do not want the culture to change'
In a statement, Bishop Thompson said the church was committed to giving victims ongoing support.
"We are working hard to address the past culture that allowed abuse," he said.
"We have policies and practices in place to ensure the wellbeing of all who now participate in church activities."
However, he said some people remained opposed to change within the organisation.
"My own experience, in the past and the present, is that there are people who do not want the culture to change," he said.
"They seek either to groom people or bully people into silence."
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse has confirmed planning is underway for public hearings to be held in Newcastle in 2016.
In February 2014, it held four days of private hearings in Newcastle, with 32 people coming forward to talk about their experiences.
Newcastle has been at the forefront of the push to expose child sexual abuse, with outspoken former Hunter region police officer Detective Chief Inspector Peter Fox partly credited for pushing the Federal Government into setting up the royal commission.
If this story raises issues or concerns you can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14, the NSW Police on 1800 333 000, or the Diocesan Director of Professional Standards on 1800 774 945.
Topics: royal-commissions, sexual-offences, anglicans, catholic, newcastle-2300
First posted
It is a very common misconception that an evolution works for the good of its species. Can you remember hearing someone talk about two rabbits breeding eight rabbits and thereby "contributing to the survival of their species"? A modern evolutionary biologist would never say such a thing; they'd sooner breed with a rabbit.
It's yet another case where you've got to simultaneously consider multiple abstract concepts and keep them distinct. Evolution doesn't operate on particular individuals; individuals keep whatever genes they're born with. Evolution operates on a reproducing population, a species, over time. There's a natural tendency to think that if an Evolution Fairy is operating on the species, she must be optimizing for the species. But what really changes are the gene frequencies, and frequencies don't increase or decrease according to how much the gene helps the species as a whole. As we shall later see, it's quite possible for a species to evolve to extinction.
Why are boys and girls born in roughly equal numbers? (Leaving aside crazy countries that use artificial gender selection technologies.) To see why this is surprising, consider that 1 male can impregnate 2, 10, or 100 females; it wouldn't seem that you need the same number of males as females to ensure the survival of the species. This is even more surprising in the vast majority of animal species where the male contributes very little to raising the children—humans are extraordinary, even among primates, for their level of paternal investment. Balanced gender ratios are found even in species where the male impregnates the female and vanishes into the mist.
Consider two groups on different sides of a mountain; in group A, each mother gives birth to 2 males and 2 females; in group B, each mother gives birth to 3 females and 1 male. Group A and group B will have the same number of children, but group B will have 50% more grandchildren and 125% more great-grandchildren. You might think this would be a significant evolutionary advantage.
But consider: The rarer males become, the more reproductively valuable they become—not to the group, but to the individual parent. Every child has one male and one female parent. Then in every generation, the total genetic contribution from all males equals the total genetic contribution from all females. The fewer males, the greater the individual genetic contribution per male. If all the females around you are doing what's good for the group, what's good for the species, and birthing 1 male per 10 females, you can make a genetic killing by birthing all males, each of whom will have (on average) ten times as many grandchildren as their female cousins.
So while group selection ought to favor more girls, individual selection favors equal investment in male and female offspring. Looking at the statistics of a maternity ward, you can see at a glance that the quantitative balance between group selection forces and individual selection forces is overwhelmingly tilted in favor of individual selection in Homo sapiens.
(Technically, this isn't quite a glance. Individual selection favors equal parental investments in male and female offspring. If males cost half as much to birth and/or raise, twice as many males as females will be born at the evolutionarily stable equilibrium. If the same number of males and females were born in the population at large, but males were twice as cheap to birth, then you could again make a genetic killing by birthing more males. So the maternity ward should reflect the balance of parental opportunity costs, in a hunter-gatherer society, between raising boys and raising girls; and you'd have to assess that somehow. But ya know, it doesn't seem all that much more reproductive-opportunity-costly for a hunter-gatherer family to raise a girl, so it's kinda suspicious that around the same number of boys are born as girls.)
Natural selection isn't about groups, or species, or even individuals. In a sexual species, an individual organism doesn't evolve; it keeps whatever genes it's born with. An individual is a once-off collection of genes that will never reappear; how can you select on that? When you consider that nearly all of your ancestors are dead, it's clear that "survival of the fittest" is a tremendous misnomer. "Replication of the fitter" would be more accurate, although technically, fitness is defined only in terms of replication.
Natural selection is really about gene frequencies. To get a complex adaptation, a machine with multiple dependent parts, each new gene as it evolves depends on the other genes being reliably present in its genetic environment. They must have high frequencies. The more complex the machine, the higher the frequencies must be. The signature of natural selection occurring is a gene rising from 0.00001% of the gene pool to 99% of the gene pool. This is the information, in an information-theoretic sense; and this is what must happen for large complex adaptations to evolve.
The real struggle in natural selection is not the competition of organisms for resources; this is an ephemeral thing when all the participants will vanish in another generation. The real struggle is the competition of alleles for frequency in the gene pool. This is the lasting consequence that creates lasting information. The two rams bellowing and locking horns are only passing shadows.
It's perfectly possible for an allele to spread to fixation by outcompeting an alternative allele which was "better for the species". If the Flying Spaghetti Monster magically created a species whose gender mix was perfectly optimized to ensure the survival of the species—the optimal gender mix to bounce back reliably from near-extinction events, adapt to new niches, etcetera—then the evolution would rapidly degrade this species optimum back into the individual-selection optimum of equal parental investment in males and females.
Imagine a "Frodo gene" that sacrifices its vehicle to save its entire species from an extinction event. What happens to the allele frequency as a result? It goes down. Kthxbye.
If species-level extinction threats occur regularly (call this a "Buffy environment") then the Frodo gene will systematically decrease in frequency and vanish, and soon thereafter, so will the species. A hypothetical example? Maybe. If the human species was going to stay biological for another century, it would be a good idea to start cloning Gandhi.
In viruses, there's the tension between individual viruses replicating as fast as possible, versus the benefit of leaving the host alive long enough to transmit the illness. This is a good real-world example of group selection, and if the virus evolves to a point on the fitness landscape where the group selection pressures fail to overcome individual pressures, the virus could vanish shortly thereafter. I don't know if a disease has ever been caught in the act of evolving to extinction, but it's probably happened any number of times.
Segregation-distorters subvert the mechanisms that usually guarantee fairness of sexual reproduction. For example, there is a segregation-distorter on the male sex chromosome of some mice which causes only male children to be born, all carrying the segregation-distorter. Then these males impregnate females, who give birth to only male children, and so on. You might cry "This is cheating!" but that's a human perspective; the reproductive fitness of this allele is extremely high, since it produces twice as many copies of itself in the succeeding generation as its nonmutant alternative. Even as females become rarer and rarer, males carrying this gene are no less likely to mate than any other male, and so the segregation-distorter remains twice as fit as its alternative allele. It's speculated that real-world group selection may have played a role in keeping the frequency of this gene as low as it seems to be. In which case, if mice were to evolve the ability to fly and migrate for the winter, they would probably form a single reproductive population, and would evolve to extinction as the segregation-distorter evolved to fixation.
Around 50% of the total genome of maize consists of transposons, DNA elements whose primary function is to copy themselves into other locations of DNA. A class of transposons called "P elements" seem to have first appeared in Drosophila only in the middle of the 20th century, and spread to every population of the species within 50 years. The "Alu sequence" in humans, a 300-base transposon, is repeated between 300,000 and a million times in the human genome. This may not extinguish a species, but it doesn't help it; transposons cause more mutations which are as always mostly harmful, decrease the effective copying fidelity of DNA. Yet such cheaters are extremely fit.
Suppose that in some sexually reproducing species, a perfect DNA-copying mechanism is invented. Since most mutations are detrimental, this gene complex is an advantage to its holders. Now you might wonder about beneficial mutations—they do happen occasionally, so wouldn't the unmutable be at a disadvantage? But in a sexual species, a beneficial mutation that began in a mutable can spread to the descendants of unmutables as well. The mutables suffer from degenerate mutations in each generation; and the unmutables can sexually acquire, and thereby benefit from, any beneficial mutations that occur in the mutables. Thus the mutables have a pure disadvantage. The perfect DNA-copying mechanism rises in frequency to fixation. Ten thousand years later there's an ice age and the species goes out of business. It evolved to extinction.
The "bystander effect" is that, when someone is in trouble, solitary individuals are more likely to intervene than groups. A college student apparently having an epileptic seizure was helped 85% of the time by a single bystander, and 31% of the time by five bystanders. I speculate that even if the kinship relation in a hunter-gatherer tribe was strong enough to create a selection pressure for helping individuals not directly related, when several potential helpers were present, a genetic arms race might occur to be the last one to step forward. Everyone delays, hoping that someone else will do it. Humanity is facing multiple species-level extinction threats right now, and I gotta tell ya, there ain't a lot of people steppin' forward. If we lose this fight because virtually no one showed up on the battlefield, then—like a probably-large number of species which we don't see around today—we will have evolved to extinction.
Cancerous cells do pretty well in the body, prospering and amassing more resources, far outcompeting their more obedient counterparts. For a while.
Multicellular organisms can only exist because they've evolved powerful internal mechanisms to outlaw evolution. If the cells start evolving, they rapidly evolve to extinction: the organism dies.
So praise not evolution for the solicitous concern it shows for the individual; nearly all of your ancestors are dead. Praise not evolution for the solicitous concern it shows for a species; no one has ever found a complex adaptation which can only be interpreted as operating to preserve a species, and the mathematics would seem to indicate that this is virtually impossible. Indeed, it's perfectly possible for a species to evolve to extinction. Humanity may be finishing up the process right now. You can't even praise evolution for the solicitous concern it shows for genes; the battle between two alternative alleles at the same location is a zero-sum game for frequency.
Fitness is not always your friend.
The White House is in chaos and the U.S.'s global status has been in a freefall since Trump's election. Senator Jeff Flake (R-AZ) is getting a lot of attention for speaking out against Trump and his own party's contributions to the degradation of our institutions and politics. And kudos to him for speaking truth to power. But Flake has been a senator since 2012. He got elected with an assist from the GOP's anti-Obama fervor that he now questions. Where was Flake in 2016, before the election?
Flake is a Mormon (a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints). Mormons have largely voted Republican since the 1970s. Typically, they vote for the Republican presidential candidate at a rate of roughly 75 percent — and that rate spiked to 85 percent when Mitt Romney ran for president in 2012. (Romney's a Mormon too.)
But Mormons didn't like Trump in 2016. Romney spoke out forcefully against Trump's candidacy in March. Evan McMullin (also Mormon) launched an anti-Trump third-party bid for the presidency. The New Yorker credited Mormons for saving the Never Trump movement. And some polls showed Trump might lose Utah (the most Mormon-heavy state) — which hasn't been purple since 1968.
He did make it clear that he would not vote for Clinton. And therein lies the rub.
Where was Flake in 2016? Like Romney, Flake was critical of Trump early on. In May he suggested he might not be able to support Trump's candidacy. He had a “testy” exchange with Trump in July. In September he criticized Trump's nasty rhetoric, and warned that Republicans could lose Arizona (another Mormon-heavy state) if Trump didn't change his tone. And in the last week before the election, Flake suggested he still might vote for McMullin instead of Trump.
Maybe Flake did vote for McMullin. Or maybe he ended up voting for Trump after all. Who knows? He never made it clear who he would actually vote for. But he did make it clear that he would not vote for Clinton. And therein lies the rub.
What if prominent Mormon Republicans like Flake and Romney had gotten serious about their opposition to Trump? What if they had provided more political and social cover for Mormon-Republican voters to stop Trump by voting for Clinton? You know: for the good of the country. That sort of thing. Mormons alone could've swung the results in Arizona and Michigan — easily. It's possible they could've swung the results in Florida. According to math, if McMullin's voters had voted for Clinton, Clinton would've won Utah. And, of course, Romney and Flake could've persuaded many non-Mormon Republicans to stop Trump by voting for Clinton, too.
But they didn't. Instead, Romney grew silent as the election approached. Then he tried to ingratiate himself with Trump over dinner, thinking he might get a cabinet position. And, while Flake remained critical of Trump's rhetoric right up to the election, he never fully committed to voting for McMullin. (And he's voted in-line with Trump 96 percent of the time, since January.) So most Mormon Republicans did what most non-Mormon Republicans did, in November: they held their noses and voted for Trump. Et voila. Here we are.
Changes to New Hampshire's concealed carry license application trigger concern from gun rights activists
By ALLIE MORRIS
Monitor staff
Last modified: 9/29/2014 12:23:50 AM
The Department of Safety is reissuing the state's concealed carry gun license application for the second time in two months after complaints from gun rights activists prompted the department to withdraw some of the changes it made to the form this summer.
The department's latest move isn't appeasing all critics, and one state legislator said he plans to propose a bill this session that would roll back gun restrictions in the state. The disagreement has shed light on the state's concealed carry permitting process that the head of a New Hampshire police chiefs organization calls “weak, at best.”
The changes began this summer. In response to a New Hampshire Supreme Court decision and general suggestions, the Department of Safety revised in August the application form used by local police departments and officials to issue concealed carry and loaded handgun licenses. Based on information in the one-page application form, local officials determine if an applicant “is a suitable person to be licensed.”
In the August revision, the department reworked language on the back of the application form and added three additional questions – to the existing five – on the front to offer what might be “useful information for the licensing authority to know,” said Department of Safety Assistant Commissioner Earl Sweeney in an email.
The new questions asked whether an applicant had held a resident gun license before, whether a state or federal agency had previously claimed the applicant was prohibited from possessing a firearm or whether the applicant is prohibited by federal law from possessing a firearm.
The changes angered guns rights groups.
“Your rights are under direct attack,” wrote Jonathan Evans, president of the New Hampshire Firearms Coalition, in an Aug. 12 post that appeared on the group's website and which called on members to contact government officials with their concerns. “Without notice, and without prior solicitation of comments from the public, a bureaucrat in Concord has exceeded his statutory authority, and added new requirements to the New Hampshire pistol/revolver (concealed carry) licensing process.”
The group raised concerns about the new questions on the form, which Evans wrote were “irrelevant” and could invite police chiefs to deny permits for “flimsy” reasons.
In response to public complaints that the three questions were too vague, the department decided to remove them and reissued the form Sept. 10 – with just the original five questions.
“We considered their complaints and agreed that from the perspective of an applicant filling out the form, their concerns were valid,” Sweeney said. “We didn't take a critical enough read of those new questions, and the way one of them was worded, it could be misinterpreted by an applicant.”
Gun rights activists also expressed concerns about changes to the back of the form, but that portion is not changing, Sweeney said.
In August, the department removed a section that explained the state's gun laws on licence to carry. It replaced it with the actual wording of the state law in response to a May New Hampshire Supreme Court decision that deemed the form's prior language impermissible, said Department of Safety spokesman Michael Todd.
State Rep. JR Hoell, a Dunbarton Republican and secretary of the New Hampshire Firearms Coalition, met with Sweeney in August to express his concerns about the revised form. And on Friday, he said he is still unsatisfied that the department will not restore the wording on the back of the form. The prior wording he said made it clear that “if you can own a firearm, you should be issued a license.”
The way it appears now, he said, “further restricts who will be issued a firearm license.”
To remedy that, Hoell said that if he wins re-election in November, he plans to support and pass a “constitutional carry” bill that addresses the license changes and makes clear that anyone who owns a firearm is allowed to carry it.
“So you don't need to receive permission from the state,” he said. “It is very simple, if you can own and purchase, you can carry.”
Penny Dean, a Concord-based private attorney who advocates for firearm rights, said she too is disappointed the explanation of the law on the back of the form will not be restored. “It put the language of the law in what I call simple declaratory terms; how many average people can look at a law and understand what it means?” Dean said. “They took off the words on the back of the application which should have been there . . . ‘if you can own a firearm, you should be issued a license.' ”
Dean said she had other concerns with sections that hadn't changed, including the portions where applicants must list references. “I think it's just a matter of time before (the form) faces more lawsuits,” she said.
Police reaction
Several police chiefs said the changes had little effect on their issuing practices over the past two months.
“We are still running the same checks, then gauging it based upon the records,” said Concord police Deputy Chief Greg Taylor. The department processed 617 concealed carry permits in 2013, and so far this year, it has processed roughly 370.
The three added questions didn't effect or change how the Concord Police Department issues permits. “None would have been approved or denied based on those questions,” Taylor said.
Enfield police Chief Richard Crate Jr., who also serves as president of the New Hampshire Association of Chiefs of Police, agreed; the changes didn't really affect the issuing process. “Obviously any kind of more information we have on somebody, it makes us better informed to issue a permit,” Crate said, but he added the problem is not with the application form, but with the law itself.
It calls on the permitting officials to make a determination on who is a suitable person. “Who is a suitable? The way that the laws work is where the problem is,” he said; it's very vague and up to interpretation. And, it makes the state's permitting process weak, Crate said. “For you to get a license to drive a car, you have to go through a few more steps. You don't have to go through those steps to carry a concealed weapon.”
(This story has been updated to correctly identify the New Hampshire Department of Safety, it was misstated as the Department of Public Safety. Allie Morris can be reached at 369-3307 or at amorris@cmonitor.com.)
Jose Mourinho gave the studied impression of being unperturbed by Manchester United's defeat at West Ham, a result which could herald his appointment as manager at Old Trafford now that Louis van Gaal is unlikely to deliver Champions League football next season.
Mourinho, who arrived in Mexico City on Tuesday night to manage a FIFA legends team, said he was flying during the match and only found out the result when he had checked into his hotel.
He smiled enigmatically when asked if it would affect his future, saying: ‘There is plenty of time.'
Jose Mourinho, pictured at the the 66th FIFA Congress in Mexico City, has said 'there is plenty of time' for his future to be sorted as speculation continues to link him with a move to Manchester United
The 53-year-old Portuguese tactician will manage a FIFA legends team during his trip to Mexico
Mourinho is hoping to return to football following his dismissal from Chelsea in Decemeber
About his legends team, he said: ‘I didn't pick them, I'm here on my holidays.'
Mourinho's vacation has now stretched to five months.
Manchester United's 3-2 defeat by West Ham on Tuesday could see Van Gaal's side miss out on a place in the top four.
United go into their final game of the season against Bournemouth two points behind neighbours Manchester City.
Van Gaal's side have to beat the Cherries and hope City lose at Swansea on Sunday.
A FA Cup final win over Crystal Palace may not be enough to save the Dutchman from losing his job.
Sportsmail's Charles Sale makes reference to Mourinho's comments in Thursday's Sports Agenda
Mourinho did not watch Manchester United's defeat by West Ham as he was flying to Mexico City
Whether for relaxation, healing, or just fun, hot spring tourism has been on the rise in recent years. While springs in Japan, China, Turkey, and Europe are well known, Iran's many mineral springs still largely remain under the radar for international travelers (while being extremely popular domestically). The town of Sarein, located in the Northern province of Ardebil, is particularly known inside Iran for its many mineral hot and cold springs, and is a must-see stop for any travelers in the area.
Even today, many people believe in balneotherapy, the treatment of diseases through bathing in natural mineral hot springs. Some studies have shown balneotherapy may be effective in improving arthritis, joint pain, or skin conditions, although more research is needed.
Since time immemorial, almost every group of people from every corner of the world has believed in the healing and spiritual powers of water. Many religions include special rituals involving water and consider certain bodies of water to be sacred. Civilizations spanning from the ancient Romans to modern Japanese have placed a special emphasis on public bathing in hot springs, for cleanliness, social functions, and of course, relaxation.
Sarein (also spelled Saryen or Sar ‘Eyn) is located about 30 kilometers west of Ardebil. The city is also very close to Mount Sabalan, an inactive volcano, and the popular Alvares Ski Resort. Sarein is famous for its local made honey, and ‘Ash-e-Doogh' traditional food. While it is open all seasons, the city gets particularly crowded with domestic tourists during the summer. In fact in peak years the city's population is more than doubles in the period of May to August compared to the rest of the year. Much of the city itself is geared towards outsider travelers, giving it a much more ‘touristy' vibe than many other Iranian cities.
Sarein is well known for its local honey
The most famous feature of Sarein though, are its mineral springs. Each spring is slightly different, and recognized for curing particular ailments. The mineral composition, size, and temperature of each one differs. Some of them remain largely the same as they have been for centuries, while others have been developed into large modern spa complexes combined with medical facilities.
Hot Springs
There are over a dozen hot springs in and near Sarein. Below are a few of some of the more well known ones:
Sabalan Hydropathy Complex — Sabalan is the large hydropathy complex in the Middle East. There are several pools, jacuzzis , dry and wet saunas, and medical staff on sight. This is the most ‘modern' facility, all indoors, and similar to natural spa complexes in other countries.
Besh Bajilar Spa — Besh Bajilar,which means 5 sisters in Azeri, has similar facilities to Sabalan. The water for this spa comes from 5 almost identical springs. The temperature of the water is always around 35 degrees Celsius. It contains traces of chlorine, bicarbonate, sulfur, sodium, and potassium. The Besh Bajilar waters are known to be particularly good for easing joint pains.
Momtaz Coffee House Hot Spring — This spring is inside the coffee house itself. The temperature of the water reaches 48 degrees Celsius. It contains traces of bicarbonate, carbonate, sodium, and potassium and has a pH of almost 6. The waters of this spring are known to be good for pains in hands and feet, as well as for calming nerves.
General Hot Spring — This hot spring, which is located to the north of Sarein, is located 2000 meters above sea level. The temperature of the water reaches 43 degrees Celsius and the water is slightly sour and acidic. The water contains traces of bicarbonate, sodium, sulfur, calcium, potassium, and magnesium. This spring is under the open sun (no roof) and known to be good for muscular pains and relieving rheumatism.
Gavmish Goli Hot Spring — The biggest hot spring in Sarein is the Gavmish Goli, which is almost always around 46 degrees Celsius. The water does give off a faint scent of hydrogen sulfide. This spring, which is also open air (no roof) is thought to be good for a variety of ills including joint pain, female pains, and heart problems.
General Hot Spring
Cold Springs
َIn the immediate area around Sarein are several villages with famous cold mineral springs. The most famous of these, Kanzagh, is two kilometers to the east. This village's beautiful scenery makes it a popular stop. It also contains several very old caves that were inhabited back in the Parthian era (over 2000 years ago) which are still being explored by archaeologists.
Torsh Soopi — The water from this cold spring is naturally carbonated. Many locals drink its water for stomach ailments, as well as skin disorders.
Mardaan Boolaghi — A very cold, calm spring. The water in this spring is believed to very effectively get rid of hives.
Late 19th century picture of nomads relaxing in Sarein hot springs. The springs were believed to also heal animals.
Whether for healing or relaxation, Sarein is well worth a visit for any Iran traveler. Located within a few hours drive of most major areas in Northern Iran, and only about 7 hours from Tehran, it will be a memory you won't forget.
Other Iran Travel Articles
Alamut, Lambsar, and Rudkhan Assassin Castles
Palangan Village
Nintendo's live show of Metroid: Samus Returns with Series Producer Yoshio Sakamoto and Creative Director Jose Luis Márquez from MercurySteam gave us some interesting information on some new story content for the upcoming game called Chozo Memories. These memories seem to serve as an incentive for players to complete the game thoroughly.
Yoshio Sakamoto: In Metroid: Samus Returns, by meeting certain conditions you can unlock a number of visuals called the Chozo Memories. These tell the story of what happened on the planet SR388, as well as what the Chozo did. They may reveal a surprising secret that nobody could have imagined.
Jose Luis Márquez went on to add that players will be rewarded for finding all secrets and exploring the whole planet.
Any additional Metroid lore is always welcome, and we can't wait to find out more about the Chozo! Thankfully, we won't have to wait too much longer as Metroid: Samus Returns will launch on the 15th of September.
Source: Nintendo at Gamescom
Khizr Khan, the father of a Muslim American war hero who gave Donald Trump a lesson on citizenship at the Democratic convention last month, wants the GOP nominee to take the U.S. naturalization test.
Khan, who became a United States citizen after emigrating from Pakistan in 1980, issued the challenge on Monday in reaction to a Trump foreign policy address in Youngstown, Ohio, in which the businessman proposed instituting an ideological test to visa applicants before allowing them to enter the country. Under the test, Trump said, applicants would be subjected to “extreme, extreme vetting” in order to “screen out any who have hostile attitudes toward our country or its principles.”
But Khan, who lives in Virginia with his wife Ghazala, rejected such rhetoric.
“This is my country too,” Khan told The Huffington Post in an email. “We must make it safe ― as Muslim Americans it is our obligation to keep our country safe. We reject all violence. We support better immigration policies. We stand as a testament to assimilation and being part of patriotic America as anyone else.”
He then challenged Trump to take the U.S. naturalization test along with him.
“I challenge Trump to take the naturalization test with me any day. His is demagoguery and pandering for vote. A divider like Trump can never be the steward of this country,” he said.
The Khans emerged as some of the sharpest critics of Trump and his proposal to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. after their appearance at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia. The Gold Star family has since been subject to numerous attacks from the GOP nominee and his campaign. Just last week, Trump's New York campaign co-chairman Carl Paladino said Trump didn't need to refer to Khan as a “Gold Star parent” because he is “a member of the Muslim Brotherhood.”
There is ample evidence that Trump's feud with the Khans has hurt his campaign. A majority of Republicans in a recent survey released in the wake of the convention, for example, disapproved of Trump's behavior toward the Khans. A number of GOP officials have also cited his attacks against the family as reasons they could no longer support their party's nominee.
Khan isn't the only one to suggest Trump take the naturalization test. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) did so as well Monday, claiming in a sharply worded statement that Trump is “nothing more than a spoiled, unpatriotic drain on society who has earned nothing and helped no one.”
This article is about the World War I general. For his father of similar name, see Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia (1831–1891)
Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia (Russian: Николай Николаевич Романов (младший – the younger); 18 November 1856 – 5 January 1929) was a Russian general in World War I (1914–1918). A grandson of Emperor Nicholas I of Russia, he was commander in chief of the Russian Imperial Army units on the main front in the first year of the war, and was later a successful commander-in-chief in the Caucasus region. He was briefly recognized as Tsar, Emperor of Russia in 1922 in areas controlled by the White Armies movement in the Russian Far East.
Biography [ edit ]
Family [ edit ]
A very tall man (1.98m / 6' 6"), Nicholas, named after his paternal grandfather the emperor, was born as the eldest son to Grand Duke Nicholas Nicolaevich of Russia (1831–1891) and Alexandra Petrovna of Oldenburg (1838–1900) on 18 November 1856. His father was the sixth child and third son born to Nicholas I of Russia and his Empress consort Alexandra Fedorovna of Prussia (1798–1860). Alexandra Fedorovna was a daughter of Frederick William III of Prussia and Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.[4]
Nicholas' mother, his father's first cousin's daughter, was a daughter of Duke Konstantin Peter of Oldenburg (1812–1881) and Princess Therese of Nassau (1815–1871). His maternal grandfather was a son of Duke George of Oldenburg and Grand Duchess Catherine Pavlovna of Russia, daughter of Paul I of Russia and Maria Fedorovna of Württemberg. (Catherine was later remarried to William I of Württemberg.) His maternal grandmother was a daughter of Wilhelm, Duke of Nassau (1792–1839) and Princess Luise of Saxe-Hildburghausen. The Duke of Nassau was a son of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Nassau (1768–1816) and Burgravine Louise Isabelle of Kirchberg. His paternal grandparents were Duke Karl Christian of Nassau-Weilburg (1735–1788) and Carolina of Orange-Nassau. Carolina was a daughter of William IV of Orange and Anne, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange. Anne was the eldest daughter of George II of Great Britain and Caroline of Ansbach.
Grand Duke Nicholas was the first cousin once removed of Tsar Nicholas II. To distinguish between them the Grand Duke was often known within the Imperial family as "Nikolasha"; the Grand Duke was also known as "Nicholas the Tall" while the Tsar was "Nicholas the Short".
Early military career [ edit ]
Grand Duke Nicholas in 1870
Grand Duke Nicholas was educated at the school of military engineers and received his commission in 1873. During the Russo-Turkish War, 1877-78, he was on the staff of his father who was commander in chief. He distinguished himself on two occasions in this war. He worked his way up through all the ranks until he was appointed commander of the Guard Hussar Regiment in 1884.
He had a reputation as a tough commander, yet one respected by his troops. His experience was more as a trainer of soldiers than a leader in battle. Nicholas was a very religious man, praying in the morning and at night as well as before and after meals. He was happiest in the country, hunting or caring for his estates.
By 1895, he was inspector-general of the cavalry, a post he held for 10 years. His tenure has been judged a success with reforms in training, cavalry schools, cavalry reserves and the remount services. He was not given an active command during the Russo-Japanese War, perhaps because the Tsar did not wish to hazard the prestige of the Romanovs and because he wanted a loyal general in command at home in case of domestic disturbances. Thus, Nicholas did not have the opportunity to gain experience in battlefield command.
Grand Duke Nicholas played a crucial role during the Revolution of 1905. With anarchy spreading and the future of the dynasty at stake, the Tsar had a choice of instituting the reforms suggested by Count Sergei Witte or imposing a military dictatorship. The only man with the prestige to keep the allegiance of the army in such a coup was the Grand Duke. The Tsar asked him to assume the role of a military dictator. In an emotional scene at the palace, Nicholas refused, drew his pistol and threatened to shoot himself on the spot if the Tsar did not endorse Witte's plan. This act was decisive in forcing Nicholas II to agree to the reforms.
From 1905 to the outbreak of World War I, he was commander-in-chief of the St. Petersburg Military District. He had the reputation there of appointing men of humble origins to positions of authority. The lessons of the Russo-Japanese War were drilled into his men.
Marriage [ edit ]
Anastasia of Montenegro
On 29 April 1907, Nicholas married Princess Anastasia of Montenegro (1869–1935), the daughter of King Nicholas I, and sister of Princess Milica, who had married Nicholas's brother, Grand Duke Peter. They had no children. She had previously been married to George Maximilianovich, 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg, by whom she had two children, until their divorce in 1906. Since the Montenegrins were a fiercely Slavic, anti-Turkish people from the Balkans, Anastasia reinforced the Pan-Slavic tendencies of Nicholas.
Hunting [ edit ]
Nicholas was a hunter. Ownership of borzoi hounds was restricted to members of the highest nobility, and Nicholas's packs were well-known. As the Russian dogs perished in the Revolution of 1917–18, the borzoi of today are descended from gifts he made to European friends before World War I. In his lifetime, Nicholas and his dogs caught hundreds of wolves. A pair of borzois were used, which caught the wolf, one on each side, while Nicholas dismounted and cut the wolf's throat with a knife. Hunting was his major recreation, and he traveled in his private train across Russia with his horses and dogs, hunting while on his rounds of inspection.[5]
World War I [ edit ]
German/Austro-Hungarian Front [ edit ]
Grand Duke Nicholas in 1915.
The Grand Duke had no part in the planning and preparations for World War I, that being the responsibility of General Vladimir Sukhomlinov and the general staff. On the eve of the outbreak of World War I, his first cousin once removed, the Emperor Nicholas II of Russia, yielded to the entreaties of his ministers and appointed Grand Duke Nicholas to the supreme command. He was 57 years old and had never commanded armies in the field before, although he had spent almost all of his life on active service. His appointment was popular in the army. He was given responsibility for the largest army ever put into the field up to that date. He recalled that "... on receipt of the Imperial order, he spent much of his time crying because he did not know how to approach his new duties."[6]
On 14 August 1914, he published the Manifesto to the Polish Nation.[7]
Grand Duke Nicholas was responsible for all Russian forces fighting against Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Turkey. He decided that their major effort must be in Poland, which thrust toward Germany like a salient, flanked by German East Prussia in the north, and Austro-Hungarian Galicia in the south. He planned to attend first to the flanks and when they were secure to invade German Silesia.[8] In the north poor coordination of the two invading Russian armies resulted in the disaster of Tannenberg. In the south they conquered much of Galicia. Their subsequent move toward Silesia was blocked by the Battle of the Vistula River and Battle of Łódź. The Grand Duke picked and chose from the various plans offered by his generals. The Grand Duke begged for the artillery and ammunition they desperately lacked, so he could not embark on a coherent plan for victory. On a personal level he was well liked by both officers and men. The Germans thought him a formidable opponent.[9]
On the other hand, some regard Nicholas as more a bureaucrat than a military leader, lacking the broad strategic sense and the ruthless drive to command all the Russian armies. His headquarters had a curiously calm atmosphere, despite the many defeats and the millions of casualties. On 22 March 1915 he reсeived the Order of St. George 2nd degree for the successful Siege of Przemyśl.
After the great retreat of the Russian army, the Tsar removed the Grand Duke as commander of the Russian armed forces on 21 August 1915 and took personal command.[10]
The Caucasus [ edit ]
Upon his dismissal, the Grand Duke was immediately appointed commander-in-chief and viceroy in the Caucasus (replacing Count Illarion Vorontsov-Dashkov). While the Grand Duke was officially in command, General Yudenich was the driving figure in the Russian Caucasus army, so the Grand Duke focused on the civil administration.[11] Their opponent was the Ottoman Empire. While the Grand Duke was in command, the Russian army sent an expeditionary force through to Persia (now Iran) to link up with British troops. Also in 1916, the Russian army captured the fortress town of Erzerum, the port of Trebizond (now Trabzon) and the town of Erzincan. The Turks responded with an offensive of their own. Fighting around Lake Van swung back and forth, but ultimately proved inconclusive.
It is reported that, while visiting the garrison of Kostroma he met Said Nursi, a famous Muslim cleric who was a prisoner of war. Because of Nursi's disrespectful attitude, Grand Duke gave an order to execute him. But after seeing Nursi's submission and faith about the sake of science, he changed his mind.[12][13] Nothing in the Grand Duke's record suggests that he would have even considered such a war crime. At the time he was urging the Tsar to set up colleges for training Muslim clerics so they would not have to study abroad.[14]
Nicholas tried to have a railway built from Russian Georgia to the conquered territories with a view to bringing up more supplies for a new offensive in 1917. But, in March 1917, the Tsar was overthrown and the Russian army began slowly to fall apart.
Revolution [ edit ]
The February Revolution found Nicholas in the Caucasus. He was appointed by the Emperor, in his last official act, as the supreme commander in chief, and was wildly received as he journeyed to headquarters in Mogilev; however, within 24 hours of his arrival, the new prime minister, Prince Georgy Lvov, cancelled his appointment. Nicholas spent the next two years in the Crimean Peninsula, sometimes under house arrest, taking little part in politics. There appears to have been some sentiment to have him head the White Army forces active in southern Russia at the time, but the leaders in charge, especially General Anton Denikin, were afraid that a strong monarchist figurehead would alienate the more left leaning constituents of the movement. He and his wife escaped just ahead of the Red Army in April 1919, aboard the British Royal Navy battleship HMS Marlborough.
On 8 August 1922, Nicholas was proclaimed as the emperor of all the Russias by the Zemsky Sobor of the Amur krai /Priamursk region in the Far East by White Army general Mikhail Diterikhs. Nicholas was already living abroad and consequently was not present. Two months later the Priamursk region fell to the Bolsheviks Red Army in the continuing civil war.
In exile [ edit ]
After a stay in Genoa as a guest of his brother-in-law, Victor Emmanuel III, King of Italy, Nicholas and his wife took up residence in a small castle at Choigny, 20 miles outside of Paris. He was under the protection of the French secret police as well as by a small number of faithful Cossack retainers.
He became the symbolic figurehead of an anti-Soviet Russian monarchist movement, after assuming on 16 November 1924 the supreme command of all Russian forces in exile and thus of the Russian All-Military Union, which had been founded in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes by Gen Pyotr Wrangel two months prior.[15] The monarchists made plans to send agents into Russia. Conversely a top priority of the Soviet secret police was to penetrate this monarchist organization and to kidnap Nicholas. They were successful in the former, infiltrating the group with spies. (OGPU later lured the anti-Bolshevik British master spy Sidney Reilly back to the Soviet Union (1925) where he was killed.) They did not succeed however, in kidnapping Nicholas. As late as June 1927, the monarchists were able to set off a bomb at the Lubyanka Prison in Moscow.
Grand Duke Nicholas died on 5 January 1929 of natural causes on the French Riviera, where he had gone to escape the rigors of winter. He was originally buried in the church of St. Michael the Archangel Church in Cannes, France. In 2014 Nicholas Romanov, Prince of Russia (1922–2014) and Prince Dimitri Romanov requested the transfer of his remains. The bodies of Nicholas Nikolaevich and his wife were re-buried in Moscow at the World War I memorial military cemetery in May 2015.[2]
Honours and awards [ edit ]
The Grand Duke received several Russian and foreign decorations:[16]
Russian
Foreign
Ancestry [ edit ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Grand Duke Nicholas was portrayed in the 1971 film Nicholas and Alexandra by Harry Andrews, and in the 1974 television drama Fall of Eagles by John Phillips .
References [ edit ]
CLOSE This week promises to be a bumpy ride with the start of a tough NYC commute, a sports talk radio audition for Governor Chris Christie and a sentencing of one of his former allies. John C. Ensslin
United Airlines planes at Newark Liberty International Airport in December. United is one of the airlines that have not agreed to talks with the service workers. (Photo: Mitsu Yasukawa/NorthJersey.com)
Workers at Newark Liberty International Airport went on strike Tuesday night due to an alleged labor dispute that will also affect the major New York airports.
PrimeFlight workers hit the curbside pavements of Newark Airport just after 9 p.m. "Refusal to bargain in good faith" was the common phrase on fliers.
"Airport workers deserve access to their legal rights!" said labor union group 32BJ Service Employees International Union in a tweet.
Organizers have said they will also picket Wednesday at 8 a.m. at Newark, John F. Kennedy International and LaGuardia Airports.
The 700 workers consist of baggage claim handlers, cleaners, customer service agents and offer assistance to those who seek wheelchair assistance at the airport.
Airport workers deserve access to their legal rights! We won't let irresponsible contractors like PrimeFlight abuse our rights! #EWRpic.twitter.com/pjdmBfmtZF — 32BJ SEIU (@32BJSEIU) July 12, 2017
PrimeFlight is a subcontractor for several airlines. The strike would continue for at least three days.
It's not known what, if any, disruption may come at the airport due to those who decided to strike.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
BREAKING NEWS! PrimeFlight workers at #EWR are on strike! Join us on the picket lines tomorrow morning at 8am! #TakeBackOurAirportspic.twitter.com/nyonOQ3D6L — 32BJ SEIU (@32BJSEIU) July 12, 2017
Read or Share this story: https://njersy.co/2uPBfLp
Insect-eating pitcher plants temporarily ‘switch off' their traps in order to lure more prey into danger, new research from the University of Bristol and the University of Cambridge has found.
Dr Ulrike Bauer from Bristol's School of Biological Sciences and colleagues studied tropical pitcher plants that use slippery pitfall traps to capture insects.
Dr Bauer said: “The plant's key trapping surface is extremely slippery when wet but not when dry. For up to eight hours during dry days, these traps are ‘switched off' and do not capture any of their insect visitors. At first sight, this is puzzling because natural selection should favour traps that catch as many insects as possible.”
Surveys of wild plants in Borneo revealed that the traps sporadically captured large ‘batches' of ants from the same species. The researchers then conducted experiments in which they artificially kept the trapping surfaces wet all the time. They found that wetted plants no longer captured large ‘batches' of ants.
“Ants are social insects,” Dr Bauer explained. “Individual ‘scout' ants search the surroundings of the nest for profitable food sources. When they find a pitcher trap full of sweet nectar, they go back to the colony and recruit many more ant workers. However, a trap that is super-slippery all the time will capture most of these scout ants and cut off its own prey supply.”
The researchers found that ant recruitment was impeded when the traps were continually kept wet.
Dr Bauer said: “By ‘switching off' their traps for part of the day, pitcher plants ensure that scout ants can return safely to the colony and recruit nest-mates to the trap. Later, when the pitcher becomes wet, these followers get caught in one sweep. What looks like a disadvantage at first sight, turns out to be a clever strategy to exploit the recruitment behaviour of social insects.”
Paper
‘How to catch more prey with less effective traps: explaining the evolution of temporarily inactive traps in carnivorous pitcher plants' by Ulrike Bauer, Walter Federle, Hannes Seidel, T. Ulmar Grafe and and Christos C. Ioannou in Proceedings of the Royal Society B [Open Access]
There is one thing in which liberal activists are right: everyone is racist. There is one thing in which they're wrong: everyone is racist.
Racism is not confined to white people — and the idea that it equals prejudice plus power is an interesting (and stupid, as usual) Marxist distortion we'll deal with later — it's a characteristic of being human.
Why? Oh, like most other things because it was evolutionarily sound. I.e. those who had it survived and had more kids.
The thing is it's not so much “racism” as in discriminating against another race. It's “Fear of the stranger.”
And even if it involves just-so stories, it really doesn't take much to figure out why people who have a fear of the stranger survive and have more children more than those who don't. Even in modern society, the teen who will hitchhike and get in the car with just anyone has a higher chance of ending up dead. But long before that, the little kid who approaches panel vans driven by strangers, has a good chance of ending up dead. (NOT as high was our media makes it out to be, but high enough their scares are justified.)
In pre-human times, with many bands and tribelets living close enough for kids to stray, the name for a kid who thought that his family or strangers were equivalent was — at least if we go by how our closest relatives, the chimps, treat young from other bands — “dinner.”
Oh sure, in times of stress and famine, the chances that your own band would tuck in were fairly high, but still the chances that dear old mom would eat you were not nearly as high as that a stranger would eat you.
The thing is, this fear of the stranger activates more the stranger looks like you and your family. No, seriously. When is the last time anyone was accused of racism towards another species (Okay, fine, Harambe, but that's an exception and also liberals be cray.) This makes perfect sense, because even toddlers (at least those not desensitized by stuffed animals and parents' being idiots) understand that large animals are dangerous.
Okay, so being afraid of cows might be a new one, and I sort of invented it (I have no idea why as a child I thought cows and horses were both man-eaters. None. But then I thought there were sharks with chainsaws under my bed ready to lop off any limb that extended over the edge, so we might as well admit as a proto-writer I was already rather Odd) but most kids are afraid of anything large and furry that charges towards them. This is not racism, it's survival.
The fear of the stranger that goes under “racism” in our society is the fear of people like us and yet not like us.
And it's not racism in the sense that the media and liberals (who be cray) portray it. If you believe racism as they portray it, then you believe paler people are born with an instinctive fear of African features and dark skin. For the party that claims to be for “science” this is odder than believing in chainsaw sharks. What is their evolutionary reason for it, precisely? Is it the sort of fear as that of the Aliens in Arthur C. Clark's Childhood's end? Are people of African descent thought to bring about the apocalypse and does time run in a circular fashion?
Oh, I know, they say we all internalize racism and self-racism. Both those things are stupid. We absorb all sorts of prejudices from the society we live in, but for the last several decades we've been pounded with anti-racism. It works too. I was reading a mystery from the eighties where the teen wishes she were black, because you know, black people are so much cooler and don't oppose other people. Yep, the book was written in the eighties. (And I thought “Rachel Dolezal, we hardly knew ya”) and the writer thought this was a perfectly sane character to sketch. And who knows, it might be, given the barrage of anti-racist propaganda. (More on that later, too.) But racism, true racism, is “fear of the stranger.” The myths and attacks come from THAT and it's one of the basic instincts of humans. BTW it also makes “internalized racism” even dumber. You don't fear yourself as a stranger, unless you've had one of those strokes that make it impossible to recognize yourself in the mirror.
So if the fear isn't of dark skin or African features, what is it a fear of? “People who are not like my family/tribe/village to whom I'm accustomed” is a better way to describe it.
When I was a little girl, living in Portugal, I saw all kind of distinctions when I first entered elementary school. Some of my classmates were much darker than I, some were blond. Some were tall, some were short. Being sort of medium, I never had that trigger fear of the “stranger” or at least not towards appearance.
It took going back after 30 years here to realize as a child I'd seen differences that weren't there. For one, Portuguese “blond” is a medium brown hair (unless enhanced with dye.) I myself was often called “ruiva” by guys calling from street corners, because my dark brown hair threw off red highlights in the full sun. Oh, sure there was a Viking in the wood pile there, and if I'd been in the sun a lot, my hair would look flame red when fully lit (acutally bozo-red. My kids make fun of those pictures.) BUT in the shade hair was dark brown (now it is whatever I feel like coloring it, being a rather ugly iron-grey since I was 28.)
It took my going back after 30 years here and getting stuck watching some sort of multi-school gymnastics competition to have the stunning realization of “Heavens, all these kids look like cousins.”
This is because the human brain in a highly homogeneous population will find the most minor differences to attach “stranger danger” to.
As for big differences… I was six the first time I saw a blond man. I mean REALLY blond. He must have been a tourist. In those days there weren't many tourists in the north of Portugal, and at any rate, I was only taken to the city when I needed to buy shoes or something else my parents couldn't find in the village.
So I'd never seen a blond. As I remember, I screamed, and tried to run. I also had nightmares for days. In my mind, I decided he was one of those molded plastic dolls, hair and skin the same color, that had come to life. But that came after for the nightmares. The first reaction was pure fear of the stranger.
The thing about that? Fear of the stranger — duh — goes away with familiarity. I had a blond friend in college (real blond, even if dark blond. Her parents were not from around there. At least her dad wasn't.) My husband's best friend for twenty years, whose kids were raised with ours as “cousins” was blond. His kids are blond. I don't run screaming from them.
If kids are raised together in a great variety of skin colors and hair colors, they don't even notice them. My kids who attended an urban school, rarely remembered to tell me the race of their friends. Which really wasn't an issue, except when the friends did the same and their parents did have an issue with friendships between races.
Because again, it is fear of the stranger. Take an American kid who was raised with all skin colors, though, and introduce someone who dresses funny and the fear of the stranger activates. Which is why we're now using (and fostering) “racism” for things that have bloody nothing to do with race.
I've become a different race before my very eyes, for instance. Worst, my family, abroad, has internalized/believes this. Oh, not a different race from them, but that we're all a minority and despised.
Look, I grew up thinking of myself as “White.” This is a broad church in Portugal. I have a cousin who looks considerably more African than Obama's Reverend Wright, but was also considered “White.” You'd really need to look pretty dark not to be considered “white.”
Yes, there were hints that some people already considered Portuguese “Latin” when I came here thirty years ago. Like, my first boss in the US thought Portugal was a city in Mexico (and he didn't like Mexicans.) Someone (at a Mensa meeting for Bob's sake,) was so sold on me as “Hispanic” that he heard my accent as that of Ricky Ricardo's. Those of you who heard me (or search sings the blues in this blog, where there is a reading) should be jaw-dropped. Portuguese LOOKS like Spanish written, but sounds nothing like Spanish, so the accent is markedly different. Oh, and when I got my social security card they tried to put “Hispanic” in the field. I'd have taken Latin, but there was no such classification and Spanish I'm NOT.
The Hispanic/Latin classification in governmental things isn't STRICTLY a race. There are Hispanic whites (one of our friends was an exchange student from argentina, whose family were first generation immigrants from Italy. If they'd immigrated here they'd be “white” but they hadn't, so she was “Hispanic.”) and black Hispanics and everything in between.
At least that was the idea. BUT the problem when you paint a target and say “this is different” you're going to activate the human instinct for “fear of the stranger.” And remember that this fear of the stranger can and does pick up minute differences.
So, over the last thirty years, I've watched Latin become a race. I'm still not 100 percent sure what people are picking up on, and sometimes what they do pick/don't pick is bewildering. I've more than once been in a line/situation where my two kids are picked as “Latin” but I'm not. Given they're a mix of me and their very white anglo-saxon looking father, this is somewhat bewildering. Though I'm happy — ???– to report as times go on, I too am picked out as Latin by strangers who don't even ask before writing “Latin” in the form or saying “Hey, you're Latin.” (To be fair, whatever the heck the marker is might have been there from the beginning, witness first boss, and social security lady.But it's now more prevalent. People are more alert to the signs.)
It's more prevalent now, though. People used to mistake me for Russian (this sometimes still happens, if they hear me before taking a good look at me), Greek, Italian, or Arab. But now, nine times out of ten it's “Latin.”
Sure there are manners, there is a culture. I can laugh at “you're so Cuban” jokes because they're remarkably similar to what “you're so Portuguese” jokes would be. And maybe what people are picking up on is gestures, a way of standing, but it's all getting both highlighted by saying “look at this minority here” (seriously, guys, we could do this with redheads or people who have freckles by deciding they were an oppressed minority) and made “racial” instead of cultural. (Part of this is the liberal — liberals be cray — confusion between race and culture. They have come to think these are the same and culture can't be changed, which is why making someone learn/speak English is racist. As someone who learned English at 14 I'm here to tell you calling Harambe's death the result of racism is SANER.)
Because of that there is a tendency to consider “white” only blond and blue eyed, which frankly excludes even my husband.
The justification for this is the delightful Marxist illusion that racism= prejudice + power. Have I mentioned I thought Marx — who at any rate is not the originator of this illusion. That's his followers trying to make his crazy cakes theory work — and his followers are all some form of Aspergers, and unable to see things outside what they're classified as?
They seem to think — be honest, most sf writers do too — that power equals institutional/economic/government power.
Power in human societies is a matter of one on one interactions. Even if all black people in the US were held in menial positions, do you know how much power those can have? Yep, a cook can spit in your food. But more than that, a daycare worker can wreak havoc among her charges and mess with their self-image for years, even though she's ultimately a low paid drone. But of course, because of various affirmatives, black people are disproportionately represented in the machinery of our government, both local and federal. And if you think that a DMV worker has no power over you, you don't drive.
Even if racism REALLY were a thing of power and prejudice, it would apply to every “race” of human, ever. But it's not. Racism is a fear of the stranger.
And our industrial-education-entertainment complex has the ability to cut out entire groups of people, point them out as different and thereby CREATE racism against them, which then requires intervention to make them “non discriminated against.”
It's as old a game as any. “Divide and conquer.” If people are dependent on the government to keep them from each other's throats, then they won't notice the government is planting a foot more and more firmly on their necks. And if they do, they won't unite to topple that government.
Sure, you'll always experience “stranger danger” when you meet someone who is truly different. But stranger danger doesn't shove people into groups and then train them to fear every other group. By rights, Reverend Wright should be part of the great indistinct majority of people who can be “Whatever” if everyone, himself included, hadn't been trained to think of african features as meaning “different race.” (Older son gets considered black as often as Latin. It's the features.)
Stranger danger is not racism as the ideologues proclaim it, but it's the only form of non-government-induced racism, and the basis of what they use to try to claim that everyone is racist (like that heinous experiment with infants.) Stranger danger is a leftover instinct, not particularly useful in our society except to keep children from panel vans.
Fortunately it can be defeated by living in a varied society with people of all sizes and colors. After a while the alarm stops ringing.
Of course, you'll still react to someone who ACTS weird comes to town. But seriously, would you want to stop that? Often it is a sign of danger, in fact, as often “acting weird” has to do with mental illness.
More importantly, when that leftist activist comes to town, do you want to think of her as just another human being, even as she lectures you on your “toxic whiteness”? Think of the lost opportunities to point and laugh.
CALGARY – Deeper cuts among oilsands companies are causing more pain in Alberta, as major producers announced reduced spending and more layoffs during second quarter earnings calls Thursday.
Cenovus Energy Inc., which cut 800 jobs earlier this year, announced that it had identified as many as 400 more positions that are “no longer required because of a decrease in work due to the continued low oil price environment,” according to a release.
On the company's earnings call, president and CEO Brian Ferguson said, “It is always difficult when we have to let staff members go,” adding that the company did not come to its decision lightly.
However, the continued fall in oil prices has forced Cenovus executives to focus on reducing its costs and Ferguson said Thursday's additional job cuts will save the company $100 million annually.
It wasn't the only oilsands producer to announce staff cuts Thursday. Royal Dutch Shell's Canadian arm confirmed it has laid off 400 people this year, in addition to the roughly 300 jobs the company cut in the oilsands in January.
“They are reductions that have happened already,” Shell Canada spokesperson Cameron Yost said. He confirmed that all 700 job cuts were in the company's heavy oil division and split between field positions in Fort McMurray and office jobs in Calgary.
Shell Canada has realized $450 million in annual cost savings so far this year, Yost said, adding that staff reductions account for a small part of that number.
Those cuts are part of a global downsizing Shell announced in Europe Thursday, when the company said it has been cutting 6,500 jobs worldwide as a result of the oil price collapse.
In addition to its own cuts, Cenovus said it was reviewing its benefits, perks and compensation practices in light of the now yearlong oil price rout, “to ensure they align with current and anticipated market conditions.”
Many energy sector companies in Alberta have reduced salaries in light of the oil price swoon, which began last summer. The West Texas Intermediate benchmark price rose slightly midday Thursday to US$48.89 per barrel – still under half of the commodity's price at the same time last year.
Cenovus' second quarter results show the company has been able to cut $280 million in costs so far this year, not including the $100-million cuts announced Thursday, and Ferguson said those initial savings are already 40 per cent higher than the company's initial targets.
Still, the company reduced its dividend by 40 per cent to $0.16 per share Thursday, as it posted $126 million in net earnings in the second quarter, which is an 80 per cent drop from the same period last year.
The pain from collapsed oil prices, however, was not shared equally across oilsands producers.
Suncor Energy Inc., which released its second quarter results after markets closed Wednesday, stunned the market with a massive earnings beat and increased its dividend by one cent to $0.29 per share.
“Despite a very challenging macroeconomic environment, we delivered on our commitments in these (capital discipline and operational) areas,” Suncor's president and chief executive officer Steve Williams said on his company's earnings call.
The company has been trying to drive down its costs by between $600 and $800 million between 2015 and 2016. “We are well on our year to accomplishing that in this year alone,” Williams said.
Equity and credit analysts were delighted with the company's performance. “Suncor bucks the trend, announcing modest increases in shareholder returns as it benefits from its integrated operations, posting strong refining results while improved oilsands a lower Canadian dollar partially offset substantially lower benchmark oil prices,” Moody's senior vice-president Terry Marshall said in an email.
Still, Suncor did acknowledge that lower oil prices are having an effect and cut its capital budget for the second time this year, this time by $400 million, to a spending target between $5.8 billion and $6.4 billion.
Last week, Wood Mackenzie released a report that showed spending cuts in the oilsands helped reduce global energy-sector capital spending plans by US$200 billion this year. “The upstream industry is winding back its investment in big pre-FID developments as fast as it can,” the report's authors wrote.
Financial Post
gmorgan@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/geoffreymorgan
Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyann Conway questioned why presidential candidates need to release extensive medical information while knocking Hillary Clinton for not disclosing she had pneumonia.
“I don't know why we need such extensive medical reporting when we all have a right to privacy,” Conway told NBC News' Andrea Mitchell.
The comments come after Clinton's campaign waited until Sunday to disclose she had been diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday, which Conway slammed her for.
“Why in the world did Hillary Clinton lie to everyone and conceal such an important fact for two days?” Conway asked.
In the same interview, Conway said Trump would release additional medical records later this week because he “believes it's important for the public to know what his basic health condition is.”
Conway said she is unaware if the forthcoming medical reports were done by the same doctor who declared the GOP nominee would be the healthiest president in history.
Mice become profoundly anti-social when the creation of new brain cells is interrupted in adolescence, a surprising finding that may help researchers understand schizophrenia and other mental disorders, Yale researchers report.
When the same process is interrupted in adults, no such behavioral changes were noted, according to research published in the Oct. 4 issue of the journal Neuroscience.
"This has important implications in understanding social development at the molecular level," said Arie Kaffman, assistant professor of psychiatry and senior author of the study.
Scientists have known for quite some time that new brain cells are continually generated in specific brain regions after birth. This process, called neurogenesis, occurs at a significantly greater rate during childhood and adolescence than in adulthood, yet most research has focused upon the function of these neurons in older brains.
The Yale team decided to explore the function of these new brain cells in mice of different ages. Normal adult mice tend to spend a lot of time exploring and interacting with unfamiliar mice. However, adult mice that had neurogenesis blocked during adolescence showed no interest in exploring other adult mice and even evaded attempts made by other mice to engage in social behavior.
"These mice acted like they did not recognize other mice as mice," Kaffman said.
Blocking adult neurogenesis had no effect on social behavior, suggesting that brain cells generated during adolescence make a very different contribution to brain function and behavior in adulthood, note the scientists.
Intriguingly, schizophrenics have a deficit in generating new neurons in the hippocampus, one of the brain areas where new neurons are created. Given that symptoms of schizophrenia first emerge in adolescence, it is possible that deficits in generating new neurons during adolescence or even in childhood holds new insights into the development of some of the social and cognitive deficits seen in this illness, Kaffman said.
Other Yale authors include Lan Wei and Ronald S. Duman.
Södersjukhuset already has the largest emergency care unit in the Nordic region and runs a round-the-clock walk-in clinic for women and girls who have been sexually assaulted in the city, treating between 600 and 700 patients a year.
On Wednesday, the hospital announced that from mid-October, it would also admit men and boys as part of a strategy to ensure "gender equal" emergency care for rape victims of both sexes.
In 2014, some 370 cases of sexual assault on men or boys were reported across Sweden, according to the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention, although experts believe that the actual figure is much higher.
"The general perception is that men cannot be raped," Lotti Helström, a senior physician at the hospital told Sveriges Radio, adding that male victims can suffer even more than women.
"In studies, the health effects are shown to be greater for men, both in terms of physical health and mental health. There is a greater risk of a raped man getting post-traumatic stress disorder," she said, adding that the subject of male rape remained "extremely taboo".
Helström explained that men were much more likely to be raped by other men than by women and said that the experience could lead to "sexual identity" problems in the future.
Sweden has the highest rape rate in Europe, a statistic that gained global prominence in 2010, when Wikileaks founder Julian Assange was first accused of sex crimes in the Nordic nation, allegations which he still strongly denies.
It is worth noting that the country records allegations in a different way to most other countries, tracking each case of sexual violence separately. So for example if someone says they were raped by a partner every day for a fortnight, officers will record 14 potential crimes. Elsewhere, many countries would log the claim as a single incident.
Nevertheless, the nation's high statistics have made rape a matter of high level political debate in recent years.
Last year, a study by gender equality organisation RFSU suggested that in most municipalities across Sweden, men were uncertain where they could get emergency help following a rape.
On Wednesday, Inger Björklund, a spokesperson for the group told The Local that it strongly welcomed the new facility.
"There are myths about masculinity that make it difficult for men who have been sexually traumatized to talk about their experiences," she said.
"A clinic focusing on men who have been sexually abused will contribute to the awareness of experiences of sexual abuse among men and make it more possible to meet men's needs."
Sorry for the wait for this one! Homework is a cruel mistress.
(Ha. As if I'd have a mistress.)
Still, I have at least been able to amass and entire TWO new redesigns in my time of absence to make it up to you! Isn't that thrilling (Kill me later, please, I have important stuff to do right now)?!
Seriously, though, they're not too remarkable, haha.
First one is Seagoon, Supergoon's less cool counterpart :> Good luck telling the difference between these two!
Seagoon had once been an awfully pompous and callous creature, being the son of the king of Lilygear Lake. Being next in line to the throne due to his relation, Seagoon had everything handed to him on an iron platter. He was known for his smugness and love of attention, always being at his father's side during his many speeches for the sole purpose of attempting to draw the eyes of the general populace.
Indeed, he cared little for King Neptoon, despite the king having raised him from a titanium egg. However, he would frequently kiss the tentacles of his father to get what he desired.
This all changed upon the kingdom's discovery of the travesties their beloved king had committed. Following King Neptoon's exile from Lilygear Lake, Seagoon was hated by many. Most citizens of the lake believed that he partook in the same abhorrent crimes as his father before him; for this, the young heir was also exiled.
Having had his life shattered to pieces around him, with nowhere to go and a lack of any sorts of decent plan of action, Seagoon went rogue. His mind glitched out entirely as a result of the overwhelming amounts of panic, stress and fear, and he reverted to a feral, animalistic state of existence.
Now Seagoon knows nothing but hunger and rage, destroying anything and everything in his path. He works for nobody - not even the mysterious being who had convinced his father onto their side could sway him. He saw the entirety of Animatronica in what he perceived as its true form: a jumbled mess of binary coding, with worthless entities residing within it.
His rage, and his rage alone, would make Lilygear Lake go empty.
Joseph Hall doesn't consider himself a hero. Hall is homeless and is at what many would consider a low point in his life. But that did not stop him from protecting a defenseless man in a wheelchair, spending his last $60 to give him a safe room to sleep in and standing up to some heartless thieves.
The victim in this case is John "Triston" Stubbs. He faces an unimaginable set of obstacles in his life. He's homeless as well. Confined to wheelchair and suffering from cerebral palsy, he is an easy target for thieves.
Stubbs nightmare began Sunday a week ago. Two people lured him away from the Firehouse Shelter in downtown Birmingham, took some of his clothes and robbed him at knife-point near the Shell Station. "They took everything I had. I had $500 in my shoe," explains Stubbs.
Hall got worried when Stubbs didn't return to the shelter that night. He had seen him earlier in the day and was concerned. "I knew he was defenseless, tried to keep a watch on him," says Hall. When Stubbs did return the shelter's doors were locked for the night. Nobody can come in after hours.
There was more trouble lurking around as night fell. "Couple more folks came up to snatch his chair. When I walked up they said we'll give you $20 bucks to turn your back and look the other way," says Hall. He didn't hesitate to stand up for Stubbs even though he didn't even know his name yet. "I was like, you're not taking his chair, that don't sit well with my heart," says Hall.
That wheelchair is Stubb's lifeline, a part of his body. Without it he would be lost. With nowhere to sleep and fearful of what would happen next, Hall then decided to rent a room to keep Stubbs safe for the night.
"I just felt sorry for him. It was the last $60 bucks I had, but I'm not worried. I don't have much, but hey life is precious," remarked Hall.
Shelters say there is often a spike in violence near the first of the month, when government checks come in. Predators troll the area. Fortunately for Stubbs someone was watching out for him that Sunday night. "I don't feel like a hero. Anybody got a heart and love people gonna reach out," says Hall.
Shelter Director Ann Wright says this story highlights the struggles the disabled homeless face. Firehouse is the only shelter that would take Stubbs although it is really not equipped to handle people with such disabilities. She credits her staff for being willing to do what they can.
"I know the people we serve are good," says Wright. She says she is thankful but not surprised by Hall's actions to protect Stubbs. "They maybe down on their luck, but all are good people."
She hopes others will take note of this story and see the needs and surround the homeless with love and support so these situations don't happen again. "Everyone that's helped John Stubbs is a hero."
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Filed under: Biblical Studies
Tags: Narrative Criticism, Redaction Criticism
Scholars who study the historical Jesus will sometimes compile lists of minimal “secure facts” — the few things we can be reasonably certain “must be” true about the life of Christ. At the barest minimum, we have: “An itinerant Jewish teacher or preacher from Galilee who was crucified by Pilate.”
In the words of E. P. Sanders:
We have seen that the gospels depict Jesus and his disciples as itinerant. Some or all of them had homes and families, but they spent a lot of time on the road, and there is no mention of their working during Jesus' active career. In part they were busy proclaim­ing the kingdom; in part the condition of the call of the close disciples was that they give up everything. (Sanders 1993, p. 107)
Bricks and mortar
The overwhelming number of NT scholars today would likely tell us that the reason the gospels portray a traveling Jesus is that such a portrayal reflects reality. But recently, while reading Redactional Style in the Marcan Gospel by E. J. Pryke, it struck me that many of the key redactional elements in Mark, our first narrative gospel, have to do with time and place. In other words, when Mark joined his stories together he needed some brief connecting language to create some sort of flow. Changing the time and place provides an implicit explanation for a change in subject and audience.
Mark, as you know, frequently didn't care to elaborate on these shifts in place and time. In fact, quite often he barely takes the time to say Jesus and his cohorts “immediately” went from location A to location B.
And immediately after they came out of the synagogue, they came into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John. (Mark 1:29, NASB)
Redaction critics look for linguistic markers (peculiar usage, telltale vocabulary, etc.) that would tend to signify the parts of the gospels that are probably redactional. In other words, they look for indicators that help discriminate between the story-bricks and the redaction-mortar that holds them together.
Each evangelist had his own set of quirks. Pryke notes that Mark, for example, had a habit of using the genitive absolute when introducing a new pericope. In a nutshell, the genitive absolute is a short participial phrase unrelated to the main clause except, in Mark's case, as a kind of introductory scene-setting device. In Mark 5:2, for example, we have:
καὶ ἐξελθόντος αὐτοῦ ἐκ τοῦ πλοίου . . . kai exelthontos autou ek tou ploiou . . . And having-gone-forth him out of the boat . . .
All of the words above other than “kai” and “ek” are in the genitive case. The marker here is exelthontos, which is an active aorist participle in the masculine genitive case.
The genitive absolute occurs rarely in Mark's source material (5 times), but much more frequently in his redactional glue (24 times). Pryke explains:
The fact that most of these genitive absolutes are to be found opening the pericope, and that their subject matter is chronological or topographical or comments on the ‘progress of the gospel', as well as the literary nature of the genitive absolute, suggest that the editor is opening his pericope with a linking phrase, and thus developing material which was originally without time or place references, so as to make of it a continuous narrative. A few examples will illustrate the function of the construction. 4:35, commencing a new section, reads — ‘That day, when evening came . . . ‘; 5:2 — ‘When He came out of the boat . . . ‘; 5:21 — ‘When Jesus had crossed over in the boat . . . ‘; 5:35 — ‘While He was still speaking, they came . . . ‘; 6:2 — ‘And when the sabbath came He began to teach . . . ‘; 6:54 — ‘And when they disembarked from the boat . . . ‘; 8:1 — ‘In those days the multitude again being great, and having nothing to eat, . . . ‘; 9:9 — ‘On their way down the mountain, . . .'; 10:17 — ‘And as He was going forth for His journey . . . ‘; 10:46 — ‘And as He was going forth to Jericho, and His disciples and much people . . .'; 11:12 — ‘And on the morrow when they came out from Bethany . . .'; 11:27 — ‘And in the temple as He was walking about, there . . .'; 13:1 — ‘And as He was going out of the temple . . .'; 13:3 — ‘And as He was sitting on the Mount of Olives over against the temple . . .'; 14:3 — ‘And when He was in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, as He lay at table . . .'; 14:17 — ‘And when it was evening . . .'; 14:22 — ‘And as they were eating . . .'; 14:43 — ‘And forthwith, as He was still speaking . . .'; 14:66 — ‘And whilst Peter is below . . .'; 15:42 — ‘And when it was already evening, since it was the preparation . . . ‘ All these short clauses, constructed in the participial genitive absolute, link the previous pericope to the new section which originally existed independently of them, their presence being superfluous to the story, and their only raison d'être to move on the ‘Gospel' narration with a semblance of time and place. (Pryke 1978, pp. 62-63, bold emphasis and reformatting mine)
In the view of Pryke and all other redaction and form critics, Mark's source material consisted of some combination of oral and written tradition. Mark created the first narrative gospel from these scattered traditions, which, if they were written down at all, looked a lot like the Gospel of Thomas or the hypothetical sayings gospel, “Q.” That is to say, the community of believers collected brief snippets of events, sermons, sayings, etc., which in themselves rarely contained any reference to time or place.
The invention of the gospel and the re-invention of Jesus
Mark, then, invented the narrative gospel form by joining these traditions into a semi-coherent whole. But did he invent more than just the gospel? Paul, as we've noted many times here at Vridar, never refers to Jesus as a teacher, healer, or exorcist. NT scholars will point out that the oral traditions about Jesus — presumably, Mark's source materials — have many cases in which Jesus teaches his disciples, heals the sick, and casts out demons. However, as we see from the results of redaction criticism, the first secure evidence of Jesus and his followers wandering about comes from Mark.
So now we should ask, where did the itinerant tradition come from? Did Mark “reconstruct” an authentic narrative forgotten in the Rich Oral Tradition™? Or did he invent it to tie disparate stories and sayings together?
Recall as well that Paul describes Jesus as lord and master, but never as prophet. By the time Christians began creating the narrative gospels, however, the character of Jesus took on the aspect of OT prophets. He teaches, he heals, and — just like the itinerant prophets of old — travels from place to place. In fact, there seems to be little rhyme or reason to Jesus' path, as if he and his traveling Twelve are wandering like Moses and the twelve tribes. Yet, despite the admission that Mark invented the gospel form and the fact that redaction critics have clearly shown that Jesus' itinerancy happens within Mark's editorial mortar, the vast majority of historical Jesus scholars would probably agree that the Jesus-on-the-Move presented in the gospels is authentic.
I have argued that before the gospels, most Christians conceived of Jesus as a priestly or royal messiah. Only after the war with Rome and the destruction of the Temple did they begin to refashion his image into a prophetic messiah. One of the defining characteristics of a prophet, of course, is the tendency to move from place to place, especially in the countryside — sometimes alone in the wilderness or on mountaintops.
I have also argued that the evidence we have can support neither the historicity of Jesus nor the outright denial of his existence. The best a historian can do is to ask, “If Jesus existed, what can we know about him?” Given the above evidence, I think we have to say that we can't know that Jesus was an itinerant figure. It's just as likely, if not more likely, that Mark invented the traveling Jesus while inventing the narrative gospel form and while re-imagining Christ as an Old-Testament prophet type.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Crossnaders is working on a remarkable career. The Dutch group consisting of producers Phillip Wessels, Shane Muller and Bob Sandee already delivered variously styled tracks in the past, both solo and together. Last year, the first records from Crossnaders emerged, including ‘Stable', a collab with US group Breathe Carolina that by now has scored over 5 million Spotify streams and numerous DJ support. Crossnaders also recently released the KSHMR collab ‘Back To Me'. The track quickly turned into a DJ's favorite, as well as racking up millions of streams, still going strong as we speak.
VOVIII (pronounced five-oh-eight) is a Producer/DJ duo hailing from just outside Boston. Coming together as a group back in late December of 2014, they have already accomplished some pretty big goals that were on their bucket list including playing at a major festival (Backwoods Music Festival) twice, releasing an original song on iTunes, headlining their own shows, as well getting support from their own idols such as NGHTMRE, BL3R, & Borgeous. Their style in and out of the studio is a mix of Trap, Hard Trap, Jungle Terror, Hard House, Electro, and Hardstyle which creates a high energy party atmosphere for every crowd.
These two groups of producers teamed up together for a summer banger out on Spinnin' Records, and EDM Sauce got the exclusive premiere. ‘Pound That' mixes some pretty spicy vocal chops, with some sick drum kicks, trap synths, and even the patented gun-cock that has become custom in so many Trap bangers lately. This song has been released just in time to make its way to becoming a staple in live trap sets. Check it out below as an EXCLUSIVE PREMIERE by EDM Sauce.
Follow Crossnaders
https://soundcloud.com/crossnaders
https://www.facebook.com/crossnaders
https://twitter.com/crossnaders
https://www.instagram.com/crossnaders
Follow VOVIII
http://www.facebook.com/voviiidj
http://www.soundcloud.com/voviii
http://www.instagram.com/voviiidj
http://www.twitter.com/VOVIIIDJ
The Guardian US' former office | Guardian U.S. Guardian CEO: 'Nothing strategic' about Guardian U.S. cuts
Guardian Media Group CEO David Pemsel stopped by the New York offices of Guardian U.S. — the British newspaper's American digital operation — to discuss the company's finances on Monday, POLITICO has learned. His off-the-record meeting with Guardian U.S. staff came just hours before the noon deadline for Guardian U.S. employees to apply for voluntary buyouts.
Guardian U.S., which lost more than $15 million last year, announced last month that it would cut about 30 percent of its staff through voluntary buyouts and, if necessary, layoffs. Guardian U.S. executives have not yet determined how many people are taking buyouts, but the staff expects that layoffs will be necessary.
Story Continued Below
On Monday, Pemsel said that the staff cuts were purely about cutting costs, not about a strategic restructuring of the business.
“There was nothing strategic about that,” he told the Guardian U.S. staff, two people familiar with his remarks told POLITICO.
Pemsel said that his job was to keep the GMG's total losses under $38 million for the fiscal year ending March 2016, which meant that Guardian U.S. costs had to be cut. He said that his earlier projections — which called for Guardian U.S. to break even by April 2017 — were "unrealistic," given the Guardian U.S.'s lower-than-expected revenue. The only way to keep Guardian U.S. on track to break even was to cut costs by at least 30 percent.
Even 30 percent cuts might not be enough to fully cover the revenue shortfall. One Guardian U.S. employee recalled being told in a private meeting that GMG had initially wanted Guardian U.S. to cut costs by closer to 50 percent but settled for 30 percent after pushback from Guardian U.S. management.
During the Monday meeting, Pemsel also told the Guardian U.S. staff he has faced “aggressive” questions from other GMG's executives about the company's continued spending on U.S. operations.
When a Guardian U.S. employee asked about the possibility of instituting a paywall, Pemsel was dismissive. While the possibility of a paywall technically remains “on the table,” he said, the company's top leadership is ideologically opposed to the idea of a paywall. In particular, they are concerned that instituting a paywall would compromise “openness,” which is one of the Guardian's core values. Instead of a paywall, Pemsel said, the Guardian is committed to its current membership strategy.
"I just don't think it's appropriate to be chair of the committee and to put myself in a situation where a picture or something might be construed the wrong way,” Burr said. | J. Scott Applewhite/AP Photo Burr steering clear of White House during Russia investigation
Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.) said Wednesday he's avoiding trips to the White House while his committee continues to investigate possible coordination between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
"I just don't think it's appropriate to be chair of the committee and to put myself in a situation where a picture or something might be construed the wrong way,” Burr said.
Story Continued Below
He added that he went to the White House once earlier this year for a national security meeting and said he has “tried to portray a very bipartisan approach to the whole thing."
His remarks came as his GOP Senate colleagues were attending a meeting at the White House on health care.
Burr was first spotted skipping the meeting by Associated Press reporter Erica Werner, who caught up with the senator at a carry-out restaurant on the Senate side of the Capitol.
Burr came under fire earlier this year after The Washington Post reported that the White House had enlisted him and other officials to push back against reports in the media of frequent contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence operatives.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Since then, Burr has sought to demonstrate his independence from the White House.
His committee is conducting a wide-ranging investigation into Russia's meddling in last year's election, including interviewing Trump campaign officials about allegations of collusion.
There are numerous horror authors who evoke King's style, while unleashing a terror all their own. If you crave the chills of a Stephen King novel but are looking to branch out, we have you covered. Here are nine horror books for Stephen King fans that deliver high-quality scares.
When it comes to scary reads, Stephen King is king. But what do you read when you need a break from the master of horror?
Want more terrifying reads? Sign up for The Lineup 's newsletter and receive our eeriest investigations delivered straight to your inbox.
1. Bird Box, by Josh Malerman
Malorie and her two children are among a handful of survivors of a terrifying plague: an unknown evil, which, once glimpsed, drives its victims to brutally murder everyone around them, including themselves. Now, Malorie and her children are embarking on a harrowing journey to find safety—a journey that must take place while all three are completely blindfolded.
Download on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and iTunes.
2. Hex, by Thomas Olde Heuvelt
In this bestseller, which Steven King called, “totally, brilliantly original,” a seemingly picturesque town hides a dark secret: its residents can never leave, due to a witch's curse. The town elders have taken extreme measures to make sure the witch is obeyed, but the younger generation is desperate to break free. The rambunctious teens embark on a quest to break the rules, and, in doing so, unleash the witch's wrath, plunging their town into unspeakable darkness and horror.
Download on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and iTunes.
3. Swan Song, by Robert R. McCammon
After surviving an apocalypse, nine-year-old psychic, Swan, finds a mysterious amulet that may hold the key to mankind's salvation. Of course, there are horrific evils in this new world, and they've quickly turned their eyes to Swan.
Download on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and iTunes.
4. The Hatching, by Ezekiel Boone
Bizarre, end-of-days-style events are happening all over the globe: mysterious deaths in Peru, plane crashes in the U.S. and so on. The truth behind these events is more terrifying than anyone could have anticipated: an ancient, long-dormant arachnid species is making its way back to the light.
Download on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and iTunes.
5. A Head Full of Ghosts, by Paul Tremblay
Merry Barrett's world was turned upside down when her older sister Marjorie began displaying signs of demonic possession. Short on money and growing incresingly worried, the Barretts agreed to let a film crew into their home, to shoot a reality show about Marjorie and her upcoming exorcism. Now, 15 years after those terrifying events, Merry recounts her tale in an interview, and dark secrets are revealed.
Download on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and iTunes.
6. Heart-Shaped Box, by Joe Hill
Jude Coyne is an enthusiastic collector of the macabre. When he comes across a haunted suit on the internet, he knows he must have it. But this suit is more than spooky: it's the real deal. The suit's previous owner is now a malicious ghost—with a grudge against Jude—whom Jude has unwittingly invited into his life.
Download on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and iTunes.
7. Penpal, by Dathan Auerbach and
In this self-published novel, based on a collection of stories originally published on the “creepypasta” subreddit, a man haunted by his childhood memories attempts to make sense of his past. The horrors he encounters are greater than he ever could have expected.
Download on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and iTunes.
8. The Fisherman, by John Langan
Two widowers in Upstate New York hear tales of a mystical river, Dutchman's Creek, which may hold the secret to restoring all they have lost. Though skeptical at first, the men make the journey, and soon discover a dark, primordial horror, in the form of a mysterious figure known as the Fisherman.
Download on Amazon and Barnes & Noble.
9. The Ritual, by Adam Nevill
When four friends embark upon a journey into the Scandinavian wilderness, tensions begin running high. When an ill-conceived short-cut leads them upon the remnants of what looks like an ancient pagan ritual, they realize that something truly horrific stalks these woods.
Download on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and iTunes.
I faced a problem.
I was receiving more e-mails requesting my advice or thoughts on various issues than I had time to answer. Some of them were actually quite presumptuous, because in order to thoroughly answer them it would take at least two hours of my finite life (my favorite being “how should I plan for retirement”).
But instead of becoming frustrated or angry, I got smart. I started “Asshole Consulting.” I would politely tell people that I would like to answer their questions, but I didn't have the time unless I was paid to do so. I thought it would go nowhere, but because of the generally brief and simple nature of most people's questions, they were easily answered in a 10-20 minute e-mail, which I would only charge $15-$25, respectively. Soon, a market was made and I'm at least making beer money by helping out the occasional lost soul.
But something interesting happened. While for the most part people's questions were specific to them, I started noticing “general themes” or “common questions” that were not specific to any one individual. They were questions most people had and I figured rather than regurgitating the exact same advice I would write a post about it saving me time and them money. And hands down the most common of these common questions is:
“I hate my job. I just can't tolerate it anymore. I'm thinking of a career change or at least finding a new job. What do you recommend?”
And I intend on answering it now as it is one of the most important lessons for all men to learn, and the earlier the better.
First understand you've been over-trained. Both in terms of abilities and expectations. You go to school for 13 years in the public school-prison system where they tell you you are going to do great things. Naive 20-something, math-impaired women euphemistically posing as teachers tell you the prettiest of lies about your “wonderful and glorious” future. You then go onto college where you get at minimum a bachelors, but probably a Masters as “that will give you an edge in the labor market.” But what you don't understand is that pretty much everybody has been doing the same and so the market is flooded with college-educated individuals. And no matter how high your GPA and how many advanced credentials you have, there are not enough jobs to sop up all the excess college graduates. This not only means HR and employers can be astronomically arrogant and picky, but that what jobs you do land are 100% guaranteed to be WAY beneath your capacities, abilities, and desires.
Second, understand that economic growth is slowing. We are only growing at about 60% of the rate of the 1940's and 1950's. Without that extra economic growth there are mathematically fewer employment opportunities and certainly less challenging ones. So whereas if you were a GI coming back from WWII Boeing would likely hire you as an aerospace engineer, today Boeing would maybe hire you as dataentrysman. If you're lucky.
Finally, the Baby Boomer generation was absolutely HORRIBLE in terms of financial planning. Most squandered their inheritance from the WWII generation, blew what money they made on divorce lawyers, and are now the most participatory group in “reverse mortgages.” They did not save anywhere near the amount they needed for retirement which means…
Most of them have to work past retirement.
This means there is a log-jam at the top of most companies. And without executives retiring, nobody else can be promoted up the corporate ladder. Until the Boomers retire (or die) you can expect a long wait time before finding a job that challenges you.
Now there are other reasons, but because of the aforementioned three nearly 100% of all US jobs suck. They just plain suck.
Loading...
They're not challenging, they're not interesting, they're nowhere near what you're capable of, and they're not improving as the economy continues to stagnate. Worse, the people of the country themselves are decaying, which not only means that your co-workers and bosses are going to be less professional (and most likely intolerable), but dishonest, deceitful and manipulative (misleading job descriptions or Adria Richards, anyone?). What this means for you, and this is one of the important lessons to pull from this post, is that you are not “unlucky” or just having “bad luck” finding a “decent job.” ALL JOBS SUCK. ALL JOBS ARE LIKE THIS. There is no “good job with a sane employer around the corner, you just need to apply one more time.” There is no “grass is greener on the other side.” All jobs in the current day economy are like this.
So the question then is, “What? Am I just screwed? Am I condemned to sucky jobs for the rest of my life or vainly job-hopping in order to find ‘the one' job that doesn't suck?”
And the answer is a “yes, but” and the “but” is the key epiphany you need to enjoy life as much as you can.
Realize that you cannot change the general decay and suckiness of the job market. Ergo, if you cannot change it, the only thing you can change is you. Specifically, how you react to it. It is here you need to attain a certain amount of “Zen” with your workplace surroundings, specifically “letting things go” that you don't control.
First, give up any dreams you had of “making it big as a corporate man.” True riches and success do not come from working hard and loyally for an employer. It is MUCH easier today to make it on your own as an entrepreneur than it is the absolute mental torture the “corporate man career” route is. And I'm not joking. Modern day employment is so bureaucratized you are going to be more efficient and profitable in the long run starting your own company.
Second, because traditional employment is so painful and not the true source to financial success, you must view traditional employment for what it is—a tool to (in the most extreme Machiavellian sense) advance your own personal dreams. Your dreams are not to be a “good corporate man.” Your dreams are to work up enough capital to start your own company or enough money to retire ASAP. You're not going for a gold watch. You're not going for a 401k match. You're not going for a corner office.
You are going in there, day in, day out, to fuck that company out of as much money for as little work as possible before you throw it away like the slut you picked up at the bar last Friday. You will pump and dump your employer.
Third (and this is really hard, but very key), train your brain to ignore all injustices, transgressions and politics at the office. This is arguably the biggest “problem” most of my “clients” have. They'll write page after page of how their co-worker didn't pull their weight, how a female peer filed a bogus complaint, how the boss changes his mind every day, and in general how the workplace is the opposite of a meritocracy.
So what?
Remember 1) you're not there for the long haul and 2) you don't care to get promoted. Just paid.
For example, I was 32 at the time and easily had over a decade of solid (and advanced) financial analytical experience. However, my boss was so inept and staff so dumbed down, that I could finish my real work in about 2 hours. This left 6 hours per day with nothing to do. So what did she have me do?
File and scan.
MOST of you would find this insulting. But I didn't. I had achieved that “Zen.” Whether it was 8 hours a day doing advanced economic analysis or 8 hours a day filing and faxing, I didn't care. It was 8 hours a day I was getting paid for. And so I sat there for A MONTH STRAIGHT doing nothing but scanning files in (the CEO didn't authorize the $1,200 for a high-speed scanner which would have cut it down to a week). Besides, where was I going to go? All the jobs, no matter what the pay or the titles, were just going to be the same damn thing.
Perhaps it is not what you wanted to hear. Perhaps it is a bit depressing to see yet another piece of the world co-opted and corrupted by societal decay. But like dating and women, you must also take this “red pill of employment” for it is reality. And just like dating, if you based your decisions in the real world, you will have much more success than sticking your head in the sand.
Read Next: The Snitchy Bitch
While Belarus isn't willing to extradite all rogue Central Asians, Chary Annamuradov might be one of the unlucky ones.
It's a familiar story: a former Central Asian journalist facing extradition to his or her birth country to face criminal charges of one kind or another, often fraud or drugs.
In the latest such incident, Chary Annamuradov, a former Turkmen journalist who had been living in Sweden, was detained by Belarusian authorities last month. Alexander Tishchenko, of the Border Guard Committee of Belarus, told AP that Annamuradov's name was on a wanted list. Belarus is preparing to extradite him to Turkmenistan. He's wanted on fraud charges, AP reports.
This is not Annamuradov's first brush with the Turkmen legal system. In the early 1990s Annamuradov was investigating drug trafficking between Afghanistan and Europe, via Turkmenistan and Russia. He was arrested on drug charges in 1991. Annamuradov was sentenced to 18 years and served six. After his early release, Annamuradov moved first to Moscow and then Prague. In Prague he worked with RFE/RL's Turkmen service. In 2002, Annamuradov was granted asylum by Sweden.
In its 2016 World Press Freedom Index, Reporters Without Borders ranked Turkmenistan 178th out of 180 countries–sitting just above Eritrea and North Korea, and just below Syria and China.
According to AP, the president of the Swedish chapter of Reporters Without Borders, Jonathan Lundqvist, said Annamuradov had not been working as a journalist since his early 2000s arrival in Sweden. A friend, AP reported, said he'd been working as a taxi driver and when he arrived in Minsk didn't use his Swedish passport in order to avoid the visa fee, opting apparently for his Russian passport.
The AP article did not detail why Annamuradov had traveled to Belarus.
The Swedish Foreign Ministry, through spokesman Johan Murray, confirmed to AP that “a Swedish national was being held in Belarus and the embassy there was providing him with assistance and judicial support.”
Belarus is a popular jumping point between the states of the former Soviet Union and Europe. It's frequently a conduit for Central Asians–who are able to fly without a visa to Belarus–to flee to Europe for asylum. But Belarus, a member of the Moscow-led Eurasian Economic Union, has an uneven history in terms of extradition. At times, Central Asians are detained and sent packing and at others, Minsk relents in the face of international pressure.
For example, Shabnam Khudoydodova, of the Tajik opposition organization group Group 24, was detained in Belarus last summer. She'd recently entered the country from Russia, one step ahead of Tajik authorities mere months after the head of Group 24 was assassinated in Istanbul. Dushanbe has gone to great lengths to pursue its opponents, even abroad–Turkmenistan is not different in this regard. Khudoydodova, ultimately, was not extradited. After eight months she was released by Belarusian authorities.
Another case is that of former Kyrgyz president, Kurmanbek Baiyev. Bishkek has been seeking Bakiyev's extradition for years following his 2010 ouster, but to no avail. The former president allegedly gained Belarusian citizenship and purchased a home outside of Minsk worth $2 million.
While Belarus isn't willing to extradite all rogue Central Asians–either those with too much international attention or ties to Minsky's political elite–it's not guaranteed that Minsk will refuse Ashgabat's request to send Annamuradov back. If he is returned, activists worry what will happen. For a preview, just look at the case of Saparmamed Nepeskuliev, a freelance journalist detained last summer by Turkmen authorities–coincidentally, on drug charges. Nepeskuliev, who was convicted and sentenced in a closed trial, hasn't been heard from in nearly a year.
Guest Post hosted by Willis Eschenbach.
My friend Dr. Willie Soon is both a charming man and a most courageous scientist, who has taken a lot of heat for his principled stands on climate issues. He recently wrote a piece about climate alarmism along with Kesten Green and J. Scott Armstrong which deserves much wider circulation, which WUWT is glad to provide.
My thanks to Drs. Green, Armstrong and Soon for the following important analysis.
Alarming Climate: Expert opinions and government funding versus scientific forecasting
Kesten C. Green, J. Scott Armstrong, and Willie Soon
July 14, 2017
On June 17, we and our co-authors received a response to our letter to MIT President, Professor Reif, raising concerns about his letter to the MIT community in support of the Paris Climate Accord. Professor Reif's response stated that he was confident in his position on the issue because it is consistent with the beliefs of experts that implementation of the Paris Accord is necessary to save the world from harmful effects of man-made global warming. We are not reassured.
Not only have leading experts expressed directly opposing beliefs—including MIT's own Professor Lindzen, and Princeton's Professor Dyson—Professor Reif's argument by authority runs counter to conclusions from decades of research on the value of expert opinions about what will happen in the future. They are no more accurate than those of non-experts and—for complex situations particularly—neither is much better than guessing.
The first review of the literature on expert opinion forecasts was published in MIT's Technology Review under the title “The Seer-Sucker Theory: The Value of Experts in Forecasting” (Armstrong 1980). Many other studies have supported that review's conclusion that expertise on a subject does not confer superior ability to see into the future. Tetlock's (2005) landmark book, Expert Political Judgment, is notable.
The physical sciences are not immune. Not even when leading experts make predictions about the implications of their own work. For example, when Ernest Rutherford split the atom in 1933 he predicted that the energy released was too small to ever be of practical use. Albert Einstein concurred a year later, predicting that man would never be able to harness nuclear energy from shattering atoms.
Efforts in recent years to create alarm by promoting the hypothesis of dangerous man-made global warming as a scientific fact—and to thereby influence public policy—is not a new phenomenon. Scientists acting as advocates—in concert with lobbyists and politicians—have been responsible for at least 26 analogous environmentalist alarms in the past; most of them over the last 100 years.
Green and Armstrong (2011) found that all of the alarms were the product of an unscientific forecasting method: experts' unaided judgment. All 26 turned out to be false alarms, which suggests a strong bias towards alarm. Governments took action in response to 23 of the alarms to no apparent benefit. Indeed, the policies and regulations implemented by governments were clearly harmful in the case of most (20) of the alarms.
Given the history of environmentalist alarms, it would be a surprise if the dangerous manmade global warming alarm were an exception. It isn't, as Green and Armstrong (2007) showed. The IPCC's temperature projections were the outcome of procedures that violated 81% of the scientific forecasting principles that the IPCC report provided sufficient information to rate.
Surprisingly, given the extraordinary level of research grant funding that has been thrown at the topic of climate change, we are aware of only one attempt to apply scientific (evidence-based) forecasting to long-term global temperatures. That effort at scientific forecasting resulted in the Green, Armstrong, and Soon (2009) no-change forecast. As the name implies, the no-change forecast gives no cause for alarm.
Our Green-Armstrong-Soon forecast of no-change in global average temperatures over the 21st Century is consistent with the state of knowledge on climate as described in the last paragraph of Section 14.2.2.2 in Chapter 14 of the IPCC Third Assessment Report. The report states: “In climate research and modeling, we should recognize that we are dealing with a coupled non-linear chaotic system, and therefore that the long-term prediction of future climate states is not possible.” In other words, the IPCC report authors believe that forecasting long-term trends in climate is impossible.
Readers might be excused for not being familiar with that statement of profound uncertainty about the climate. It was not included in the Summary Report for Policymakers given to the media and to political leaders.
The Green, Armstrong and Soon (2009) no-change forecast has been shown to be substantially more accurate than the IPCC dangerous manmade global warming projections (Green and Armstrong 2014). The longer the forecast horizon, the less accurate are the IPCC projections. For example, the IPCC projection errors were 12 times larger than those of the no-change forecast for horizons from 91 to 100 years ahead.
The IPCC's climate modelers recently conceded that their projections of CO 2 -caused global warming have been at odds with measured temperatures over the 21st Century, which have shown no trend while atmospheric CO 2 levels have continued to increase unabated. As the modelers quaintly put it: “Over most of the early twenty-first century… model tropospheric warming is substantially larger than observed” (Santer et al 2017). These facts should be sufficient to reject a hypothesis that has claims to being scientific.
The extraordinary 100% false alarm rate of environmental alarms raised by scientists (Green and Armstrong 2011) is not evidence of a failure of science, but of a failure of scientists to follow the scientific method. Scientists are subject to incentives and pressures that lead them away from following the scientific method, and to instead become advocates posing as scientists.
Most damagingly to science, scientists are rewarded for obtaining large research grants—especially from government. Governments do not fund blindly, they and their agents have political agendas. Rather than scientists as the experts in their fields deciding how they can best contribute to advancing knowledge, politicians, and bureaucrats determine what to research and how. Moreover, researchers are expected to deliver findings that are consistent with political objectives.
Warnings about the harm caused by governments becoming involved in science—such as President Eisenhower delivered in his Farewell Address in 1961—have been made for decades. In Armstrong and Green (2017), we provide solutions to the deterioration in the practice of science. Our solution is in the form of a checklist of Guidelines for Science that is based on the definition of science developed by Bacon, Newton, Franklin, and other pioneers of the scientific method.
We suggest that the practice of science could be saved from its deterioration into advocacy if universities used the checklist for choosing potential new hires and for rewarding current faculty on the basis of their contributions to useful knowledge. We hope that university presidents will show leadership by taking this important step in asserting independence for their scientists and reforming scientific practice.
Regards to all on a beautiful summer afternoon,
w.
PS—As always, when you comment please QUOTE THE EXACT WORDS THAT YOU ARE REFERRING TO, so we can all be clear as to precisely what you are discussing.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
From this posting: http://www.democraticunderground.com...
PRESS ADVISORY Monday, November 19, 2007 Press Conference with Congressman Dennis Kucinich KUCINICH TO PRESS ON IMPEACHMENT PROCEDURE IN WASHINGTON. "AMERICANS HAVE FAITH IN THE FRAMERS OF THE CONSTITUTION AND DEMAND THE BALANCE OF POWER BE RESTORED IN THEIR GOVERNMENT." WEDNESDAY, November 21, 2007 11 AM Coolidge Room Radisson Hotel 700 Elm Street, Manchester, NH
Congressman Kucinich will be accompanied by long time New Hampshire State Representative Betty Hall who will endorse Kucinich for President. Kucinich will introduce a 'petition to commence impeachment proceedings in the U. S. Congress' in the upcoming NH legislative session specifically naming President Bush and Vice-President Cheney. Both will be available to take questions from the media. Media contacts:
New Hampshire: Chris Collier (603) 254-3722 chriscollier@roadrunner.com
Washington, D.C.: Sharon Manitta, (202) 506-6683, Sharon.manitta@kucinich.us
National HQ: Andy Juniewicz, (216) 409-8992, ajuniewicz@aol.com Website: www.dennis4president.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 877-41-DENNIS (877-413-3664)
Paid for by Kucinich for President 2008
Woohoo! Well, it's time to go after both the bastards. With Joe Biden sticking his toes in a tentative move toward the impeachment pool, impeachment is gaining in importance. Let's keep the pressure up. You can contact your congressperson, Nancy Pelosi and John Conyers here: http://www.visi.com/... . You can contact the House Judiciary Committee here: General e-mail and specific members.
The Concord Monitor covered Dennis' visit to Concord High, where Dennis held a back and forth with students. Here's a highlight:
Concord students, for the most part, supported Kucinich, applauding his opposition to the North American Free Trade Agreement and our invasion of Iraq. One student, however, took the offensive. He agreed with the overthrow of Saddam Hussein and our involvement in Iraq. "Do you believe Saddam Hussein was a bad man?" the student asked. "Sure." "Do you believe the United States, as one of the most powerful countries in the world, should sit back and watch people be raped, be killed, starved and just sit back?" "No." "Then how can you not support us going in there and giving them a better life?" Kucinich then asked audience members to applaud if they believed the quality in Iraq had improved since we arrived. Few did. Then he fleshed out his answer, saying, "Do we have the right to go into any country we choose to change its leadership? Do we?"
With the campaign on a roll, it's time to help pick up Dennis' fundraising. There are several ways to go about it. You can donate directly to the campaign online, or, if you choose to, you can donate the old fashioned way through snail mail! Also, the internet is gearing up for December 15, 2007, where a fuding bomb day is being planned. For more information, go here!
Remember:
As always, now more than ever,
Go Dennis!
http://dennis4president.com
Choose Peace!
0 of 5
Two improved teams in the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and Miami Hurricanes will square off at Soldier Field this weekend, to battle for more respect from the college football landscape. And while we can break down and talk about the matchups on the field, there is one little twist that has been added to this rivalry.
Notre Dame will debut its new uniforms!
The 2012 shamrock series is so special that the Irish have tossed tradition out the window for one game and will wear a unique wardrobe that has had the college football world talking for quite some time.
Whether you like the change or not, let's take one last look at these bad boys before the game takes place this weekend.
To view the complete set of pictures for the new Notre Dame uniform, checkout the Notre Dame Football Facebook page.
Oscar nominee (and predicted winner) Mahershala Ali is on the cover of next week's issue of The Hollywood Reporter, looking about as good as an actor is capable as looking, which is to say he looks like he looks as amazing as he normally does. But beyond the fact that I want to frame this cover and put it on my desk behind a candle that never dies out, it has me thinking about how infrequently Big Hollywood pushes new male film stars on us.
Every year there's a new batch of up-and-coming female actors we're told (via glossy magazine covers and high-profile talk show appearances) to keep our eyes on. Some people call them “It Girls,” some people would prefer that we didn't. In 2015 there was Brie Larson, Dakota Johnson, and Alicia Vikander. Last year we had Margot Robbie (lol), Janelle Monae, and Ruth Negga. But the push for men feels a little rarer. A deep-seated sexism and agism in Hollywood is largely to blame for this (women reach their “last fuckable day” long before men, so they must be replaced more frequently), but I'm going to go out on a limb and say that, by and large, male actors just aren't as intriguing. I mean, how can we begin to care about three A-listers named Chris if we can't even tell them apart!
I brought the subject up to my coworkers, asking if they could think of other actors (let's call them “It Boys”) who had received the kind of attention Ali is currently getting, and the only recent ones we could come up with were Chris Pratt (too boring), Miles Teller (too cocky), Tom Hiddleston (too Swifted), Ryan Reynolds (too many chances), and Benedict Cumberbatch (too niche). Idris Elba, though well-liked and almost made the cut (he might even be the next Bond!), has yet to star in a big American movie, which makes it tough to give him that title.
Meanwhile, Ali is in two of 2017's most beloved Oscar contenders (Moonlight and Hidden Figures), has been in the business for decades (audiences love narratives about hard work finally paying off), and is the subject of a wonderful THR piece in which he tells—in about 3,000 words—the story of his life. You should read it, and get to know our latest (42-year-old) “It Boy.” It's about time we had a good one.
We've all probably ruined a keyboard at some point. Sleepily sipping coffee while trying to finish off work, eating dinner in front of the monitor while watching a favourite series, or clumsily grabbing at an energy drink while we wait to respawn at a LAN party.
The keyboard is the unluckiest of innocent bystanders.
Wouldn't it be nice to be able to chuck it in the sink with your dinner plate?
Well, Logitech claim you can do just that with their new keyboard, submersible in up to 30cm of water. Intrigued? Let's check it out.
Design and build quality
The K310 is a relatively compact board, with an easy rectangular shape with rounded corners and no palm rest or other bulky protrusions.
It is however quite attractive, with raised, widely-spaced and individually separated white keys against a grey background, giving it a sleek and unique look. The wide spacing of the keys also makes it a pleasure to type on, with mistakes and typos occurring much less frequently than they would on a board with the keys jammed up against each other.
The build quality of the materials is a little disappointing; the frame doesn't feel particularly robust and twists and bends easily with little pressure. That said, the keys are a pleasantly soft yet firm plastic that feel good to type on, with a decent tactile response.
Logitech k310 washable keyboard
If you flip the board over you'll immediately notice its bright blue underside, no doubt meant to indicate its friendly relationship with water. Along the underside edges you'll see drain holes for water (or coffee) to drain out of, and in the corner you'll see a white brush tucked away for a bit of extra scrubbing.
The standard two feet used to raise the keyboard can also be found on the back, but interestingly these open out horizontally rather than vertically, so if you get a little enthusiastic about your typing you run the risk of collapsing one of them. That said, at normal levels of enthusiasm the keyboard doesn't wobble or shake at all.
Logitech k310 washable keyboard
Features
While this is a fairly basic device, it does include some pretty good key functionality. The numbered F keys all double up as function keys, allowing you to quickly adjust volume, music playback and bring up things such as your e-mail and the windows calculator. While not exactly jaw-dropping, it is a nice bit of extra functionality that you'll find yourself using a lot.
Of course the main feature of the device is its claimed washability – but does it work?
It does. While you can't be as lazy as throwing it in the dishwasher, scrubbing it with the included brush in a sink of water has it clean in no time, and the drain holes meant it dried relatively quickly. After only 20 minutes sitting in the drying rack it was ready to go, and after a couple of washes it's still going strong.
The reason this works is that both key's switches are locked behind two rubber domes, which can press into each other easily but don't allow any fluid inside. Logitech even included a cap for the USB port to prevent water getting in there; pretty clever.
According to Logitech the lettering on the keys is “laser printed and UV coated” to prevent it fading from repeated washing – it's too soon to tell if this technology works as promised, but Logitech do also claim the keys can withstand 5 million keystrokes.
One potential issue is that Logitech doesn't advertise this as being compatible with Windows 8 – it's likely it'll still work fine with the new operating system, but none of the keys are designed specifically with Windows 8 in mind, a possible deal-breaker for those with their eyes on the future.
Logitech k310 washable keyboard
Conclusion
The Logitech K310 comes in at an RRP of R599, which is the only real sticking point. If you took away the washable feature, I wouldn't be happy paying more than R250 for a keyboard like this; making it washable is more than doubling the price I'd expect to see.
That said, it does what it says it does and it does it well. If you're someone who's clumsy or just likes to eat at their computer a lot, shelling out the extra few hundred for this could definitely be worth it – how much that feature is worth to someone is going to be subjective.
As a keyboard, it's pleasant to use and performs well; I'd have no problem recommending it – you just have to decide whether or not the price is right.
More from reviews
BlackBerry Z10: the MyBroadband review
Samsung Series 7 laptop review
Freecom Mobile SQ portable hard drive review
Bathroom Door Foot Pull
After learning the truth about the harsh reality of the invisible world of bacteria, we simply could no longer look back. For some, it has become a self-consuming obsession. For others, well, they simply live their lives normally and move on, without the slightest hint of being affected. (Good for them.) Truth is, germs are germs and it affects our health no matter what or who we are. This is especially true for public places—especially bathrooms. The transfer of bacteria is high where there's hand contact, and what more could have the most contact than doorknobs? So, yes, this door attachment that enables one to use the feet (or toes) to open the door instead of hands is an ingenious and hygienic solution. End of discussion.
Learn more about the Toepull from its official website from the link below.
$39.95
Chasing the New Make: Buffalo Trace White Dog
There has been a lot of interest lately in unaged whiskey, alternately referred to as moonshine, white dog, white whiskey and new make. To clarify the terminology, moonshine is the name used for illegally distilled liquor, but to capitalize on the rebellious and romantic associations that the term conjures, several new distilleries are calling their unaged (legal) whiskeys moonshine. (Most illegal moonshines are actually made from sugar according to Max Watman, author of the recently released moonshine chronicle, Chasing the White Dog).
White dog is the name used by distillers for unaged American whiskey, and new make is a term meaning the same thing but used by Scotch and Irish distillers.
Legally, most unaged spirits cannot be called whiskey. In Scotland, a spirit must be aged for three years to be called whisky, and it is unclear whether unaged spirits can even include the name of the distillery on their label, hence Glenglassaugh's release of its new make under the label, The Spirit Drink that Dare not Speak its Name. In American whiskey, only corn whiskey can be bottled straight off the still without being stored in wood. All other whiskeys must be stored, for some time, in wooden containers.
Why the sudden interest in this type of spirit? There are likely several reasons. First is the proliferation of new microdistilleries. New distilleries that want to make Bourbon or rye have to age it, which deprives them of any immediate return on their investment. As a result, to get some immediate cash flow, many new micros release unaged spirits such as corn whiskey or white whiskey. The result has been a corn whiskey boom. For years, there were only one or two distilleries that produced unaged, American corn whiskey. Now, in the midst of a microdistilling boom, there are more than a dozen.
Second, the growth of whiskey connoisseurship has produced an interest in new make among whiskey aficionados. Tasting your favorite Scotch or Bourbon fresh off the still is an educational exercise which can give you new insight into how the whiskey matures and the dramatic effect of oak. Maker's Mark, in its whiskey tastings and master classes, has long offered samples of its white dog along side other samples of various ages of whiskey to shed light on the aging process. The logical next step was for distilleries to start bottling the stuff. Along with the previously mentioned Glenglassaugh, several Scotch distilleries are releasing new make as is the Buffalo Trace Bourbon distillery
Third, the cocktail/bar chef/mixology renaissance has led to the (re)introduction of all sorts of old and obscure spirits and cocktails. The release of these new make spirits fits right into that movement as recently chronicled by Watman in the Huffington Post.
Tasting
As I noted, Buffalo Trace is now marketing their new make, White Dog spirit. When first released, it was only available in Kentucky and at Binny's, but it seems to be slowly spreading (I have yet to see it on the shelf in LA); it goes for around $17 for a 375 ml bottle. The Buffalo Trace white dog is made from their Mash #1, a low rye Bourbon mash which is the same grain combination used in Buffalo Trace, Eagle Rare and the legendary George T. Stagg Bourbon. It comes off the still and into the bottle at 62.5% alcohol.
The nose on this stuff has lots of sugar cane with a bit of a raw alcohol note. It smells much more like a white rum than any sort of Bourbon. The first thing that hits me is the syrupy mouthfeel and a surprisingly sweet flavor. Only at the end of the palate and on into the finish is there anything resembling whiskey. On that finish, I can feel the Bourbon and even a hint of rye spice.
The presence of rye is what separates the Buffalo Trace white dog from corn whiskey, which must be a whopping 80% corn and generally, doesn't include rye. In addition, the Buffalo Trace White Dog is cask strength, while most corn whiskey on the market hovers around 40% alcohol. Compared to corn whiskeys I've had, I definitely prefer the Buffalo Trace. The rye gives it a more complex flavor and the higher strength accentuates the flavor. Regular strength corn whiskey tastes pretty watered down and one dimensional in comparison.
I have to say, I quite enjoy this stuff, though it's more interesting as an academic exercise. It's hard to picture grabbing it off the shelf for a relaxing drink, more of a, "hey, you gotta' taste this" experience for Bourbon fans.
http://recenteats.blogspot.com/2010/0...
Love him or hate him — and we think we know where you fall on that — you have to admit that President Donald Trump ran an energized campaign in 2016, one filled with bold promises and guarantees for the American people.
Now in the back end of his first year in office, even his most loyal supporters are starting to realize that a Trump promise isn't worth the air it's written on.
Advertisement:
Yes, Trump ran as the master negotiator, the billionaire real estate mogul who epitomized the American Dream and would waltz into the White House to fix life for the plebs in his very first day in office, or at least, his first 100 days. He even gave his supporters a fancy contract! What he's delivered, however, is a big plate of chaos and failure with a side dish of bupkis.
Yes, he insists, that he's doing a great-fantastic-really-great job in office — maybe a better one than anyone has ever done before. Still, of all the campaign promises Politifact has tracked since Trump took office, 38 percent are "in the works" but may not come to fruition, 24 percent have "stalled" and 25 percent aren't even rated. Sad.
Here we list the biggest outstanding promises out of the dozens and dozens president Trump offered up on the campaign trail, and show how close they are to becoming reality. Spoiler: It ain't good.
1. A special prosecutor for Hillary Clinton
One promise that exemplifies Trump's character more than it does his ability to enact policy was his pledge to investigate his political opponent. "I will ask to appoint a special prosecutor. We have to investigate Hillary Clinton, and we have to investigate the investigation," he said during the race. Actually, the only special prosecutor active during his administration has been Robert Mueller, and he sure isn't on Clinton's trail. Trump's yet to revisit this issue, but his crowds still chant "lock her up!" to this day.
2. Repeal and replace
Another hallmark promise of the Trump campaign was the repeal and replacement of the pinnacle achievement of the Obama administration, known as Obamacare. Matter of fact, Trump said he would begin this process on day one of his tenure (actually, he said he would repeal it on day one, but that was before he knew that he couldn't do that). The reality? After widespread public opposition and protests, Senate Republicans have failed to pass their legislation, which would have stripped more 20 million Americans of their health insurance, by one vote. The president is unlikely to propose a solution that the American public wants, and needs, but look for him to revisit this issue again in the future.
3. No days off
LOL! Remember this? "I would not be a president who took vacations. I would not be a president that takes time off," Trump once said, according to Politifact. Trump repeatedly criticized Barack Obama when he took a family vacation or spent time on the golf course.
Advertisement:
But since taking office, Trump has spent many of his weekends away from the White House and at his own private golf courses. During his golf outings he frequently meets with dozens of executives, lobbyists and trade group officials who own memberships at his clubs.
While this was never a promise based on policy, and no one should ever demand that a president not change his scenery every so often, this pledge is rooted in his narcissistic and primitive character flaws. His supporters, who berated Trump's predecessor, have said nothing of his time away from the East Wing.
4. Muslim ban
After pledging to immediately ban all Muslims from entering the U.S. — again, this was a first-day thing in theory — Trump toned it down when he took office.
Sure, he attempted to restrict the inflow of visitors and immigrants from seven Muslim majority nations a few months into his presidency, but that failed miserably and led to swaths of protests at airports and cities across the country when introduced. His second attempt at a ban reduced that seven to six and didn't fare much better. Shortly after that "revised" order was introduced, Trump's senior policy adviser and travel-ban architect, Stephen Miller, admitted it was the same as the first one, so they couldn't even get revising right.
Advertisement:
The current status of this promise is in limbo, and the "revised" ban on travel will be heard by the Supreme Court in October.
5. No cuts to Medicaid
"I'm not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican and I'm not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid," Trump once promised, Politifact reported.
But Republicans have been aiming to gut Medicaid for years now, and Trump's past budget proposal planned to cut the social program by $800 billion. It's unclear what the future holds for Medicaid at the moment, but the worth of this promise has been proven.
Advertisement:
6. Tax returns
After denials and excuses, Trump finally promised to release his tax returns once the Internal Revenue Service's audit was finished mid-campaign. Thing is, he has yet to actually do so even though the IRS says he's free to make them public any time he likes. After his election, Kellyanne Conway — bless her heart — finally admitted that he likely never will. Sorry, everyone.
7. Tax cuts
Trump promised tax cuts for the middle class and pledged to end loopholes that corporations have taken advantage of for decades. But there are few details of Trump's actual tax reform measures, and the details that are available look like they will shower only the wealthiest with cash. Some of his most vocal supporters, like Ann Coulter, have called him on on this.
Sure, his latest speech on taxes ran long on populism, but it's unclear if he's putting any effort into actually achieving any of those propositions. As of now, Trump is pleading with Congress over Twitter to start working on passing his reform measures. Poor guy.
Advertisement:
8. DACA
His most recent failed promise is his campaign pledge to protect children brought to the country by their undocumented parents. Trump previously said he loved the DREAMers. Welp, last week he sent Attorney General Jeff Sessions out to announce that the Obama-era program would be rescinded, putting 800,000 people in jeopardy and in the crosshairs of deportation. Of course, he left the decision ultimately up to Congress, as there will be a six-month delay, providing himself with plausible deniability to say in the future that it was the fault of lawmakers on Capitol Hill.
9. The border wall
You know it; you love it. In perhaps Trump's earliest and most famous campaign promise he pledged to build a "big," "beautiful" wall along the nearly 2,000-mile U.S.-Mexico border and would demand that Mexico pay for it.
Sing along with us:
"I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I'll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great great wall on our southern border and I'll have Mexico pay for that wall."
When reality caught up with the master builder, he attempted to strong-arm Mexico's president, who repeatedly refused to pay. He then told the press that the two were negotiating terms, something quickly debunked by the Mexicans. Classic stuff.
Advertisement:
Subsequently, he threatened to levy a series of tariffs on imports, something he cannot do and which would have made Americans pay for it anyway. Most recently, he threatened to shut the government down if Congress did not set aside down payments. Days later he backtracked.
At this stage, there's a few million earmarked for the multibillion-dollar project and prototypes for new fencing (that's fencing, not a wall) are starting to arrive, but with every week that goes by the wall is looking more and more D.O.A., just like this presidency.
Both bills have detailed descriptions of the types of firearms they would cover.
House Bill 1387 would require owners of semi-automatic assault weapons to get licenses and prove they've completed a gun safety course.
OLYMPIA – Washington residents who want to own, buy or sell a semi-automatic assault rifle would have to obtain an annual license from a local law enforcement agency under a proposal introduced this week in the House.
Rep. Laurie Jinkins, D-Tacoma, the bill's sponsor, said it was an attempt to follow voters' wishes expressed in recent ballot measures to improve gun safety by extending background checks to many private sales of firearms and approving “extreme risk protection orders” that allow a court to remove guns from persons who are judged a danger to themselves or others based on reports of family members or law enforcement.
“This is not a ban,” she said. “Washington voters have said, ‘We expect the state to keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of dangerous people.' ”
A separate bill was introduced last week that would ban new sales of assault weapons under many conditions.
The license bill is requested by Attorney General Bob Ferguson and has 19 co-sponsors, all Democrats. Because its sponsor is also the chairwoman of the Judiciary Committee, it stands a good chance of being sent to the full House. Its prospects after that are less clear because gun control legislation has failed to pass the House and been ignored in the Senate.
The bill also drew a quick call from Rep. Matt Shea, R-Spokane Valley, to fight it.
Shea has proposed several bills to expand gun rights, as well as a proposal to repeal Initiative 594, which voters approved in 2014 to expand background checks on gun purchases.
In a post on his blog, Shea called it “the latest anti-gun bill out of Olympia … We are fighting this tooth and nail.” He listed the office addresses and phone numbers of members of the House Judiciary Committee, which will hold a hearing on the bill.
The bill would cover some semi-automatic rifles and pistols based on different features like flash suppressors, folding or telescoping stocks, grenade or flare launchers, or second hand grips. It also requires a license for large capacity magazines of more than 10 rounds.
A person applying for a license must be at least 21; not be subject to any court orders involving firearms; not be facing felony charges; not have had a court order to forfeit a gun in the last year; and not have had a felony conviction. Applicants must also have completed a course on gun safety in the last three years and sign a statement that the weapons and large capacity magazines will be kept in secure storage.
Rep. Timm Ormsby, D-Spokane, is a co-sponsor of the licensing bill because of the education provisions, but did not sign on to the proposed ban.
“I appreciate the fact we're trying to focus on safety,” Ormsby said Thursday.
Jinkins said she expects to schedule a committee hearing on the bill, as well as some other firearms legislation, in early February.
The new and improved formula has been designed with fewer ingredients
for more effects. Made with simpler ingredients directly from Mother Earth,
the Pure Vitamin C21.5 Advanced Serum has been created with a sheer 21.5%
of pure vitamin C for the maximum nourishment. When everyone said it was impossible, we made it happen.
Just for you, We increased the level of vitamin C and hydration while
lowering the stickiness and ingredients for a healthier, pure formula
to replenish moisture while restoring suppleness to the skin.
Rejuvenate and nourish with the new and improved, all-natural upgraded
formula to restore balance and moisture to your skin today.
The vitamin C serum will help with:
-Brightening and whitening
-Skin pigmentation and dark spots
-Blemishes
-Uneven skin tone
-Rejuvenation
-Nourishment
-Dehydrated skin
Volume: 30ml
Suitable for all skin types.
Ingredients:
Hippophae Rhamnoides Water, Ascorbic Acid, Sodium Lactate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Panthenol, Cassia Obtusifolia Seed Extract, Allantoin, Xanthan Gum, Ethyl Hexanediol
Something great about this serum is how little ingredients it contains, it really makes me feel safer and more relieved to know i'm not slapping a wide variety of chemicals onto my skin.
Packaging:
The serum is actually a lot smaller than I imagined, but since it oxidises quickly, it's actually better that way. It comes in a glass bottle with a helpful pipette to extract the product inside.
Luckily for us international AB fans, the packaging comes with english instructions, directions, ingredient and precautions ^_^
Texture and scent:
The product has a slight citric scent, but nothing too harsh or strong. The texture is very liquid and runny, and once you apply it onto the skin, there is a little sticky feeling. I haven't tried the original version, but many people say that compared to the first version, the upgraded version is a lot less sticky.
How I used:
I used 2 pumps of this serum after I cleanse and tone my skin. I use the pipette to extract the serum, and gently slap the product by pressing my hands onto my skin. I only use it at night, since it's dangerous to use the serum during direct sunlight (even though SPF should fix the problem, but I prefer not to take any risks.)
This serum also has to be stored in a fridge, to prevent it from oxidising.
Performance:
When I first applied this product, there was a tingling sensation (nothing too overwhelming, but definitely noticeable). The tingling went away with time, as my skin accustomed and adapted to the serum.
Something else that I noticed, is that the serum left a stain on my pillows and everything that I rested my face on. Perhaps it's because I applied to much (two full pumps) or because I didn't use anything else after the serum, but it's definitely something to watch out for.
Effects:
I apologise for the difference in lighting, it's the best I could do T_T
As you can see, the red blemishes on my cheeks reduced a little, and these pictures have a time difference of a month. The change isn't very significant, but in real life I definitely feel like I have brighter skin and my skin tone is a lot more evened out.
Pros: 美容护肤"
-Parabens free
-Composed of a little number of ingredients
-Helped with brightening
-Aids with hyper pigmentation
Cons:
Conclusion:
After reading many reviews and raves on this product, I have to say that my expectations were sky high. The serum might have not been miraculous, but I definitely think it was completely worth trying. My skin feels brighter and a livelier ^_^ Recommend? Yes!! Repurchase? Not for now, since it's quite a high maintenance product, but i'll definitely try it again in the future if I need a serum.
Score:
7/10
USD24.99+FREE SHIPPING . You can get this product from Wishtrend.com for
美容护肤
-May stain your pillows/sheets-Oxidised relatively quickly-Has to be stored in a fridge (i'm so lazy to walk to the kitchen T_T )
Texas Rangers fans will miss Nolan Ryan. Ryan announced he is retiring from the Texas Rangers again, this time leaving his CEO role. Ryan says retiring closes a chapter of his life in baseball. (Published Thursday, Oct. 17, 2013)
Texas Rangers chief executive officer Nolan Ryan announced Thursday that he has resigned as CEO and sold his interest in the ballclub.
"I think everybody knows why we're here today and that is to announce that I am resigning as CEO of the Texas Rangers and I think this closes a chapter of my life in baseball and I feel like time for me to move on to other things," Ryan said. "It's been a decision that has weighed on me heavily, but I feel like it's the right decision and so, when you make these types of decisions you have to do it from the heart and I really feel like at this point and time it's the correct thing for me to do."
Ryan went on to thank both the fans and employees, many of whom he said have been around since he was a player with the team between 1989-1993.
The ballclub made the announcement about Ryan's retirement about 90 minutes before an unscheduled news conference Thursday afternoon, during which Ryan disclosed he'd also sold his interest in the team to co-owners Ray Davis and Bob Simpson.
Nolan Ryan Resigning As CEO of Texas Rangers
Nolan Ryan is retiring from the Texas Rangers again, this time leaving his CEO role. Ryan says retiring closes a chapter of his life in baseball. (Published Thursday, Oct. 17, 2013)
Both Davis and Simpson, in their statements, said they urged the 66-year-old to reconsider his resignation and stay with the team -- where, among many, he is regarded as a legend.
"He'll always be part of this family. We're disappointed in a decision he's made, but we understand it. Now, we'll turn the page and wish him well for both he and his family and wish the Rangers well also," said Ray Davis, co-owner.
Ryan, showing little regret or emotion, repeatedly said he was at a point in his life when he wanted to spend time with his children and grandchildren and that leaving his position was something he'd been considering for some time.
Nolan Ryan Announces Retirement from Texas Rangers
Nolan Ryan announced Thursday that he was resigning as CEO of the Texas Rangers baseball club. (Published Thursday, Oct. 17, 2013)
"You don't just wake up one day and make a decision of this magnitude. It was something that I've been thinking of off and on for awhile now," said Ryan. "My grandkids, a couple of them, are getting to teenage age and it won't be that much longer and they'll be out of the house. I want to be able to enjoy and share some time with them and, uh, so I just felt that it probably made sense to do it now."
During a question-and-answer session following his announcement, Ryan was asked if he had any plans to work for any other baseball clubs, with specific mention of the Houston Astros where his son Reed is the president of the ballclub.
"I think there's a lot of speculation on that because of Reed's involvement in the Astros and my history with the Astros, but sitting here today that's not in my plans. I'm planning on going home and just kind of enjoy getting back out to the ranch and doing things that I haven't done for six years now," said Ryan.
Nolan Ryan Takes Questions on Resignation, Retirement
Nolan Ryan takes questions from the media after announcing he was resigning as CEO of the Texas Rangers baseball club. (Published Thursday, Oct. 17, 2013)
Still, Ryan said the door may not be totally closed on his life in baseball.
"Will I be the CEO of another ballclub? No, I won't," Ryan said. "But I'm not going to sit here today and tell you that I don't know what a year from now might bring. This may be the final chapter of my baseball career. If there was something else I did it certainly won't be in the role here I've played with the Rangers I can tell you that."
Ryan went on to say that he has a good relationship with general manager Jon Daniels and that his decision to leave wasn't based on any speculation of inner turmoil between the two in the front office.
In a statement to Jeff Wilson, Texas Rangers beat writer for the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Jon Daniels said of Ryan: "I specifically appreciate his passion for the game and the way he treats people in and out of the organization ... I've enjoyed my time working with and learning from Nolan. We've shared a lot of successes together."
Ryan's retirement will go into effect on Oct. 31.
Ranger fans say his absence will have a major affect on the franchise.
"I think he's the reason the Rangers have been successful and why teams now look at the Rangers and think, 'How are we going to beat these guys, because they're not a joke anymore?'" David Rogers said.
The Rangers have spent several million dollars on upgrades to the ballpark under Ryan's watch -- which also coincided with the longest sustained stretch of success on the field. The team has won at least 87 games in each of its past five seasons, something no other MLB franchise can claim.
Attendance at home games also spiked during Ryan's tenure in the front office, with a franchise record attendance set in 2012.
"Baseball and Arlington -- it's Nolan Ryan, the Rangers," fan George Dumas said.
Below is the prepared statement from the team on Ryan's retirement, in it's entirety:
Texas Rangers Chief Executive Officer Nolan Ryan today announced his retirement, effective October 31. "This is the right time for me to step down from my role of overseeing the Rangers organization," said Ryan. "I am extremely proud of what this organization has accomplished. On the field, we have enjoyed great success at the major league level. The fans have supported us in record numbers the last two years and we have been able to upgrade the ballpark and enhance the in-game experience to reward that loyalty. "We have a group of talented and passionate employees who have helped make this success possible. This organization is in good hands. I am leaving with a lot of great memories from my tenure here and I know the organization will continue to thrive in the years to come." "Under Nolan's leadership and guidance over the last six years, the Rangers organization has made enormous strides both on and off the field," said Rangers Co-Chairmen Ray Davis and Bob Simpson. "Nolan has meant so much to this franchise and to our fans. We thank him for his many contributions, including his role in helping to develop one of the finest baseball operations staff in the game. "Today we turn the page on what we believe is a very bright future for this organization. We wish Nolan all the best." Ryan was named as the 10th President in Texas Rangers history in February 2008 and became Chief Executive Officer in March 2011. He has had a dramatic impact on the franchise in his six years on the job. Over the last six years (2008-13), the Rangers have the fifth highest winning percentage in the major leagues at .551. The club has won at least 87 games in each of the last five years, including four consecutive 90-win seasons. The Rangers made the playoffs in three consecutive years and lost in a Wild Card Tiebreaker in 2013 after just three total postseason trips in the franchise's first 49 seasons. Off the field, he has instilled a renewed commitment to providing the best fan experience and making the Rangers a strong community partner. The Rangers had the highest per-game attendance increase in the majors from 2008 to 2009 and the third largest increase from 2009 to 2010. The club surpassed the 3 million mark in home attendance for the first two seasons in club history in 2012-13, establishing a franchise record of 3,460,280 in 2012. This season, the club's home average of 38,759 per game was the second highest figure in the American League. The Rangers have also made major upgrades to Rangers Ballpark in Arlington under Ryan's watch. In 2010, Ryan became the first National Baseball Hall of Fame player to advance to postseason play in the role as team President or General Manager since Stan Musial served as General Manager of the 1967 N.L. Champion St. Louis Cardinals. Ryan is also the first individual to serve as President of a World Series participant (2010 and 2011) and play in a World Series (1969 with the New York Mets) since Al Rosen, who played on World Series teams with the Cleveland Indians in 1948 and 1954 and was the President-General Manager of the N.L. Champion San Francisco Giants in 1989.
NBC 5's Ben Russell contributed to this report.
There's an interesting article over at Modern Farmer about "the dark side" of Greek yogurt production: whey -- what's left over from the process of making yogurt. A clip from the article by Justin Elliot:
For every three or four ounces of milk, Chobani and other companies can produce only one ounce of creamy Greek yogurt. The rest becomes acid whey. It's a thin, runny waste product that can't simply be dumped. Not only would that be illegal, but whey decomposition is toxic to the natural environment, robbing oxygen from streams and rivers. That could turn a waterway into what one expert calls a "dead sea," destroying aquatic life over potentially large areas. Spills of cheese whey, a cousin of Greek yogurt whey, have killed tens of thousands of fish around the country in recent years.
The scale of the problem--or opportunity, depending on who you ask--is daunting. The $2 billion Greek yogurt market has become one of the biggest success stories in food over the past few years and total yogurt production in New York nearly tripled between 2007 and 2013. New plants continue to open all over the country. The Northeast alone, led by New York, produced more than 150 million gallons of acid whey last year, according to one estimate.
And as the nation's hunger grows for strained yogurt, which produces more byproduct than traditional varieties, the issue of its acid runoff becomes more pressing. Greek yogurt companies, food scientists, and state government officials are scrambling not just to figure out uses for whey, but how to make a profit off of it.
As you know, New York State was the nation's biggest producer of yogurt in 2012, thanks in large part to the Greek yogurt factories in the state (including Chobani). So this is a pressing issue upstate -- especially as companies to continue to expand production. And there doesn't appear to be an easy answer.
Update: Chobani sent along a statement about the situation surrounding whey. It's in full after the jump.
Modern Farmer: Yep, that's the new publication based in Hudson.
From Amy Juaristi, the director of PR for Chobani, via email:
At Chobani, we are committed to being a good community partner. That includes finding responsible uses for whey, a natural byproduct of the process to create authentic strained Greek Yogurt. We are constantly exploring the best ideas and options for beneficial whey use.
Right now, we choose to return whey to farmers, most of whom use it as a supplement to their livestock feed. Some is used as a land-applied fertilizer but only at farms that have nutrient management plans in place with the state environmental conservation agency. A small percentage is also sent to community digesters, where the whey is used to produce energy.
Earlier on AOA:
+ Yogurt Empire State
+ Upstate is yogurt country
Renato Sanches has struggled to cement a first team place since his move to Bayern (Picture: Getty)
Bayern Munich manager Carlo Ancelotti has given the green light to the possible sale of Renato Sanches.
The German champions beat off strong competition from Manchester United to clinch the £30million signing of the Euro 2016 winner last summer but the 20-year-old has struggled to cement a place in Bavaria's starting XI.
Solskjaer sends message to struggling Man Utd star ahead of Crystal Palace clash
While United appear to have dropped their interest in the box-to-box midfielder, Chelsea and Liverpool have reportedly entered the running and will have been encouraged by Ancelotti's latest comments.
‘If he stays, I'm satisfied. If he goes, it's okay no problem,' the former Chelsea manager said ahead of Bayern's Bundesliga opener against Werder Bremen on Saturday.
Liverpool failed to land their main midfield target Naby Keita (Picture: Getty)
Advertisement
Advertisement
Renato Sanches' Bundesliga 2016/17 stats Appearances 17 Starts 6 Yellow cards 3 Assists 0 Goals 0 Share
The Portuguese starlet burst onto the scene last summer but has been relegated to the Under-21 squad due to a lack of playing time.
He remains highly rated around Europe, however, and has attracted interest from the likes of AC Milan.
Liverpool have been in the market for a new central midfielder, making RB Leipzig's Naby Keita a priority target, and Sanches could represent an astute alternative.
Chelsea, meanwhile, are still looking to bolster their central midfield despite having replaced Nemanja Matic with Tiemoue Bakayoko.
Antonio Conte has so far failed to agree a fee with Leicester for Danny Drinkwater with the two clubs said to be £10m apart in their valuation of the England international.
MORE: Chelsea to submit £15m bid for Swansea striker Fernando Llorente
I was pleased to see Melissa Kirk's thoughtful response to my blog post. I have been interested in issues for more than 35 years, and have watched my own feelings change as (a) women began to achieve more and more success and power while men became more and more the subject of scorn and ridicule, (b) boys and young men began to trail their sisters in school at every level, from K through graduate school, and (c) the two sons I already had were joined by another, and then by three grandsons. Having taught courses on gender issues, and having written about gender extensively (one book, several articles, many blog posts, and more than a million words in my journals), I am well aware of the shifts that have occurred.
To briefly summarize my personal history on this subject, as young assistant professor of psychology I was very much pro-women and pro-feminism. I strongly supported my college's fledgling women's studies program, and, when my department was all-male in the early 1970s, I strongly urged us to hire a woman (amazingly, given what the Western world is like today, there were several dissenters; now, of course, the department today more than half female, and the majority of students and graduate students are women as well). On top of that, I couldn't understand what I often read about, that some male professors didn't take their female students seriously. I had excellent women students and encouraged them as strongly as I could. I have long cherished a note which a returning student wrote to me after I had been teaching for nearly 20 years:
“I was a student for twenty years before I heard the big, strong voices of women ring out in any class. I heard them when you welcomed them.” (emphasis hers)
By this time, I had done considerable research on gender issues, with my focus being on women and how they saw and experienced the world. I co-wrote Afterplay: A Key to (1979) with a male colleague, based on our discovery that this part of the sexual experience was very important to women – and surprisingly important to many men as well. With a female colleague, I researched what men talked about with men, and women with women, and this culminated in a paper in Psychology Today magazine in 1984, titled “Man to Man, Woman to Woman.” Our research revealed reasons for problems and misunderstandings in male-female communication, issues that Deborah Tannen would discuss some six years later in her best-selling book, You Just Don't Understand.
When I would lecture on this latter project, I would point out that part of the for this work was that, never having had a sister or daughter, I really had no idea what girls and women talked about amongst themselves. I felt like an anthropologist, fascinated by people who seemed like they were of a different culture than I was.
But then one day, watching a national TV show, I heard a casual and disparaging comment about men by Robin Morgan, then editor of Ms magazine. It was late 1992 or early 1993—I didn't note the date—but the effect was immediate. I didn't care that she was talking about me; I could take it. But I suddenly realized that she was also talking about my sons, ages 12, 19, and 28, the three human beings who—in addition to my wife—I loved more than anyone else in the world.
I began to look at data, and found—not to my surprise, since the women in my classes tended to be better students than the men—that girls and young women were clearly surpassing boys and young men in school. This, at the same time as the Ms. Foundation was starting “Take Our Daughters to Work” Day and, a year or so later, the Sadkers were publishing their book, Failing at Fairness: How America's Schools Cheat Girls.
By 1993 my focus within gender issues had almost entirely shifted. Instead of being being fascinated by gender differences, and writing about them with great excitement over women's ways of seeing and experiencing the world, I became obsessed by the fact that boys and young men, in spite of their so obviously falling behind, were not getting much at all. Early that year I wrote a piece intended for “About Men,” a one-page section in the New York Times magazine (it alternated weekly with a section called “Hers”), in which I expressed my concerns about boys. But it missed getting published by one vote in the editorial board (the editor called to tell me this painful information, which sometimes pains me even today, nearly 20 years later).
I did publish a letter in the New York Times three years later questioning the plans for an all-girls school in New York City. In it I wrote that “an unbiased observer looking at the data would have to conclude that boys should be a more immediate concern.”
Then, finally, came the books and magazine cover stories. First, there was Christina Hoff Sommers' The War Against Boys (2000), which had lots of good data, but also had a conservative slant that turned off many feminists (Sommers had not endeared herself to many of them with her earlier book, Who Stole Feminism?: How Women Have Betrayed Women). A few years later, a Business Week cover story talked of the problems created by “The New Gender Gap” (May 3, 2003), and then, less than three years after that, there was Newsweek's cover story, “The Boy Crisis: At Every Level of , They're Falling Behind. What to Do?” Next were books like Leonard Sax's Boys Adrift (2007) and Richard Whitmire's Why Boys Fail (2010).
But a tipping point, where the problems of boys and young men will finally begin to get the attention they deserve, has not yet been reached. To do my part, earlier this year I accepted the editorship of a blog for a Washington-based non-profit, The Boys Initiative, and I keep publishing posts on the subject on other sites.
A book like Hanna Rosin's The End of Men: And the Rise of Women is simply the frosting on a deplorable cake. And while Kirk says she doesn't think that Rosin is truly “sounding the death knell” of men, I see no other way of looking at it when, in her first 12 pages, she says that who request sperm selection procedures—which enable them to select the of their baby—much more often ask for a girl.
Many women will still look at the current situation with so few women at the top, and say we need not concern ourselves about boys and young men until that imbalance is rectified. But Kirk refers to seeing “more women as bosses…and more women with a general sense of power and strength.” And, serving as one of the two people taking the affirmative for a debate in 2011 on the resolution, “Men are Finished,” Rosin said, “Now, from my opponents, you'll likely hear a lot of talk…about the Fortune 500 list and at the echelons of Hollywood and how few women there out at the top. I hear this argument on nearly every panel that I'm on and my answer is always the same, duh, men have been at this for 40,000 years and women have only been at this for 40 years, so of course the world doesn't flip upside down overnight. But the writing on the wall is still clear, men are finished…”
Yes, Rosin is referring to the obvious fact that the way things are going now, there seems little doubt that over time women will be able to occupy as much of the top echelons of any segment of society that they want, especially when successful women are role models for younger women, and can help them directly with such organizations as Catalyst Inc. and WITI (Women in Technology International).
Where that leaves today's often floundering boys is an interesting and important question.
Multnomah County health officials say people who ate or drank at two Portland restaurants on certain days in the last two months should see their doctor about being vaccinated or receive care for hepatitis A.
The Multnomah County Health Department is investigating two confirmed cases of hepatitis A in restaurant workers at two Cup & Saucer Cafes.
Health officials urge anyone who ate or drank at the 8237 N. Denver location, from March 22 to March 29 to call their doctor as soon as possible.
Anyone one who ate or drank at the 3566 S.E. Hawthorne cafe on March 22 or March 25 should also do so.
And anyone who ate or drank at the N. Denver location between February 22 and March 21 should call their doctor if they show symptoms of hepatitis A.
Officials said there are no cases of hepatitis A at the restaurant's 3000 N.E. Killingsworth location.
Hepatitis A symptoms include: temporary illness of fever, tiredness, belly pain, vomiting, diarrhea and jaundice (a yellowing of the skin or eyes).
Health officials say hepatitis A is a liver infection and is highly contagious.
They say the best way to prevent hepatitis A is to get vaccinated. The virus can spread when people don't properly wash their hands after going to the bathroom or changing a diaper. It can also be transmitted through food prepared by a person infected with hepatitis A.
The county said Cup & Saucer Café has proactively worked with it and is working to ensure their restaurants are safe.
“We consider the risk to be relatively low,” said Dr. Jennifer Vines, Multnomah County Deputy Health Officer. “But there are vaccines that can lower the risk of illness if given within two weeks of possible exposure.”
The county began its investigation March 20 after it received a report that a restaurant worker stay home sick. The second worker was confirmed to have hepatitis A on April 3.
For more information, click here.
Today we release a beta of Nextcloud 10. This release brings a number of new features like new authentication protection mechanisms (including brute force protection and Two-Factor Authentication), improvements to federation, usability work and more. We're also close to implementing the final pieces of enterprise functionality we promised, a task we will complete before the final release of Nextcloud 10.
Brute force protection and Two-factor auth
Authentication has gotten a serious overhaul, improving the security of your Nextcloud through brute force protection and two-factor authentication, features mainly developed by Lukas Reschke and Christoph Wurst (more details in Lukas' blog).
Brute Force Protection logs invalid login attempts and slows down multiple attempts from a single IP address (or IPv6 range). This feature is enabled by default and protects against an attacker who tries to guess a password from one or more users.
The login system now supports pluggable authentication. That includes two-factor authentication and device specific passwords, complete with a list of connected browsers and devices on the users' personal page. Users can also use their email address to log in.
Active sessions can now be invalidated through the list, by removing the user in the admin settings or by changing passwords and this also works for LDAP users. Admins can even enable or disable two-factor authentication for users on the command line.
For the final Nextcloud 10 release some more SAML work is being finalized. The clients don't support two-factor authentication yet, something which is a work-in-progress. Device specific passwords can off course be used.
Federation
Bjoern and others continued to work on Federation (see his blog). Main improvements are a better handling of mounted link shares and reshares as well as more detailed permissions support.
Since its inception in 2014 of server to server sharing, it has been possible to add a shared link to your Nextcloud instance. In Nextcloud 10, these will act like normal federated shares, that is, you can see who you shared with, change permissions and remove the shared link without removing the federated shares.
Another “make it more seamless” improvement is that if you re-share federated shares, the servers make a direct connection rather than going via your server. This means faster and more reliable sharing!
Last but not least, federated shares now offer exactly the same type of permissions as normal shares in Nextcloud.
Usability updates
There has been usability work in various areas of Nextcloud like on the Files app and the theming abilities.
The Files app offers permanent links to files in the URL bar. That is, if you send the URL of a file on your Nextcloud to a colleague or friend you shared the file with, they can open the link you sent no matter where they have moved the shared file in their Nextcloud instance.
The Files app can also now show or hide files, remember the sort order per user and will scroll the file list when you are dragging files to move them into another folder.
Previews of text files won't be shown as unreadable small thumbnails but much bigger and last but not least, if you upload files, an estimate is given for how long the upload will take.
External storage
This release brings some updates to external storage, improving the performance and memory usage of the Dropbox and Google Drive support. Nextcloud 10 also introduces UTF-8 NFD encoding support for external storages. Last but not least, this release introduces support for SMB change notifications used in enterprise environments. This ensures changes on a Windows Network Drive will be quickly and without a big performance impact reflected in Nextcloud.
And more
There are a number of changes for developers which will enable better performance of the clients, enable them to define background jobs and repair steps and more.
The upgrade process has also undergone a number of improvements, showing better progress information and improving reliability but we're still working in this area so more information will be in the final announcement.
We're still working on a number of features and improvements, including some significant performance work for large instances. Help us test the beta and stay tuned for the final release!
As reminders, we've developed a docker image to bring Collabora Online to home users, you can of course test this with Nextcloud 10. And we also invite you all to our Nextcloud Conference, to help shape the future of Nextcloud!
Image copyright PA
Home Secretary Theresa May's internet monitoring plans need "significant work", a committee has ruled.
The draft Investigatory Powers Bill will force internet service providers to store all web activity for a year.
It will also authorise the bulk collection of personal data and hacking of smartphones by Britain's spies.
Ministers say the changes will help to catch terrorists and tackle organised crime by updating laws to fit the new technology being used by criminals.
But civil liberties campaigners claim the measures contained in it amount to mass surveillance of UK citizens - and that the committee's report meant the home secretary needed to go "back to the drawing board".
Shami Chakrabarti, director of Liberty, said: "This report shows just how much homework the government has to do on this landmark legislation."
Labour's shadow home secretary Andy Burnham has written to Mrs May to say that while Labour supports the overall aim of the bill - to give police and security services the powers they need - the government must now take time to reconsider its plans to ensure they strike "the right balance for our security and privacy".
'World-leading oversight'
Mrs May said the government would "carefully consider" the conclusions of three committees which have reported on the Bill before presenting its final proposals.
"This is vital legislation, and we are absolutely determined to get it right.
"Our draft Bill followed three independent reports on investigatory powers, whose authors were unanimous a new law was necessary.
"We are clear we need to introduce legislation which responds to the threats we face in the digital age, protects both the privacy and security of the public, and provides world-leading oversight and safeguards."
Analysis by BBC Security Correspondent Gordon Corera
Everyone agrees a new law governing surveillance powers is required but the devil is in the detail, as a series of parliamentary reports have illustrated.
The existing law, all agree, is complex and lacking in transparency but all the signs are that the new one has not yet overcome this problem entirely.
The issue now is how far the Home Office takes on board some of the criticisms and whether there is enough time to do so - a final bill is due to be introduced soon so that it can be debated and passed by the end of the year.
Read more from Gordon.
The Joint Committee on the Draft Investigatory Powers Bill said in a 194 page report it was satisfied the value of so-called Internet Connection Records to law enforcement agencies "could outweigh the intrusiveness involved in collecting and using them".
But it echoed concerns from tech firms about the feasibility of protecting users' privacy in the way Mrs May has promised, by only collecting the names of websites visited, rather than individual web pages.
The committee was told this might not be technically possible, but it said the Home Office was working with the industry to find a solution.
'Dragnet approach'
Ministers must also spell out their plans on encryption to ensure that they will not force tech firms to provide a "back door" for spies, the parliamentary committee said.
And the Home Office must also provide greater justification for the sweeping up of emails and other internet traffic passing through the UK by the security services, as revealed by US whistleblower Edward Snowden, and other so-called "bulk" data gathering exercises.
Committee chairman Lord Murphy of Torfaen said the Home Office had a "significant amount of further work to do before Parliament can be confident that the provisions have been fully thought through".
Image copyright Getty Images
The bill was criticised as "a dragnet approach" and "disproportionate" by former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, who blocked Mrs May's previous attempt to pass spying legislation, dubbed the "snooper's charter" by critics, when he was in government.
The Lib Dem MP told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the Home Office wanted to "collect everything on everyone" in order to find the information on suspected terrorists or criminals they are looking for.
"Implying that everyone may be guilty when millions of innocent people are just going about their everyday business free of any wrongdoing at all is... something which is not in keeping with long-standing British traditions," Mr Clegg said.
He asked if it was "proportionate in a liberal democracy to retain information on everything from the music you download on Spotify, to the app that you open, to the supermarket website that you visit, in order to go after the bad guys?"
He said he favoured a "narrower approach" to data retention, and that other countries concentrate on collecting data on those people who "flicker on the radar screen of security services in the first place."
Image copyright PA
Much of the vast bill is devoted to the activities of Britain's intelligence agencies, and is focused on making clear the legal basis under which they operate, following Edward Snowden's revelations.
It proposes "equipment interference" warrants, allowing spies to hack into suspects' smartphones and computers and download data from them. either within the UK or abroad.
Other warrants will cover the downloading of "bulk" databases of personal data, which could include medical records, and the sweeping up internet traffic passing through the UK for future analysis by GCHQ.
Some of these techniques were not known to the public until recently and were covered by disparate and obscure pieces of legislation, some of which predated the internet.
The draft bill also proposes:
If you're concerned about our environment, geoengineering is something you need to be aware of. The sad reality is that most have no idea ...
http://humansarefree.com/2017/04/the-sky-is-going-to-be-sprayed-with.html
If you're concerned about our environment, geoengineering is something you need to be aware of.
"In addition to specific research programs sponsored by Federal agencies, there are other functions related to weather modification which are performed in several places in the executive branch.
"Various federal advisory panels and committees and their staffs — established to conduct in-depth studies and prepare comprehensive reports, to provide advice or recommendations, or to coordinate Federal weather modification programs – have been housed and supported within executive departments, agencies, or offices."
“They would be among the earliest official geoengineering-related experiments conducted outside of a controlled laboratory or computer model, underscoring the growing sense of urgency among scientists to begin seriously studying the possibility as the threat of climate change mounts.”
What Are They Going to Spray?
Scientists Raising Concerns
Why Go Public Now? The Shift In Consciousness
The Politics of Climate Change
To visit the Windsor Transformer Station near Wellington and John is to take a walk into the history of electrical power. Toronto Hydro built the station in 1950, when Louis St. Laurent was prime minister and Harry Truman was in the White House.
Apart from an expansion in 1968, the station has remained much as it was then. Rows of lockers in battleship grey line long, tiled corridors. The lockers hold giant circuit breakers that guard Toronto's power grid against damaging short circuits or power overloads, just as the circuit breaker on your basement switch box protects your home.
Supervisor Mario Arruda advises a visitor not to bump into the lockers. He might just knock out power to some downtown office building.
Story continues below advertisement
"Most of this equipment is 60 years old," he said. "It's at the point where it needs to be replaced."
Like much of Toronto's infrastructure – water pipes, sewers, bridges, expressways – its electrical grid is an artifact of another era. It was built out in the post-war-boom years of the fifties and sixties. Now, it is old, often unreliable and badly in need of renewal.
Toronto Hydro, the publicly owned utility that distributes power to 700,000 customers in Canada's biggest city, says that nearly half of its equipment is past its "useful life," or will be within 10 years.
The cost of rebuilding is enormous. Hydro reckons the equipment that needs renewing has a replacement value of $5-billion. To pay the bill, Hydro applied for a special rate increase that would raise the tab for the average customer by $5 a month. Earlier this month, the Ontario Energy Board turned it down flat, saying Hydro had failed to prove it needed the hike to do the job.
In response, the utility made one of the most dramatic gestures in its century-long history. It staged what amounts to a corporate strike and abruptly stopped work on all renewal projects, throwing hundreds of contractors out of work and warning it might have to lay off 20 per cent of its own work force of 1,700.
Whoever is in the right, Hydro or the OEB, the high-level dispute cast a spotlight on the state of Toronto's vital power grid. Both sides agree it needs heavy investment to keep the juice flowing as smoothly as customers have come to expect.
Outages are a way of life
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Electricity is the lifeblood of a 21st-century city. Energy-gobbling condos are popping up all over town. Plugged-in city dwellers rely on their electronics for work and play.
But Toronto takes its grid for granted. Most of us are oblivious to the web of power lines, transformers and breakers that keep the city humming night and day. Except, of course, when it fails.
The huge blackout that plunged northeastern North America into darkness in 2003 was a reminder of the complexity and fragility of the grid. Toronto got another reminder when a circuit breaker exploded in an Etobicoke transformer station on a steamy summer day in 2010, affecting power to 250,000 homes and many downtown office buildings.
Other warning signs abound. In the last month alone, there have been at least two significant outages. An underground cable failed in the Finch and Neilson Road area, affecting 150 homes. When crews fixed the cable, it failed at another point along the line, and repair crews had to go in again.
In the downtown east end, a fire in an underground vault knocked out power to several blocks. The equipment in the vault was old and scheduled to be replaced. One building, 33 Princess St., was without power for 26 hours.
In some areas, regular outages are a way of life. Don Mills homeowner Dan Servos says that his neighbourhood suffers five to 10 a year, mostly as a result of aging transformers on hydro poles or of tree branches hitting old, exposed power lines. Some outages have lasted up to 24 hours. Others have knocked out the heat on cold winter nights. The problem is so well-known that thieves have started to take advantage of the blackouts to rob houses. Mr. Servos lost property worth $20,000 in a 2010 break-in.
Story continues below advertisement
"I just can't imagine in a modern society how we're not able to keep our power networks current," he says. "Why haven't we made it a priority?"
The city's budget chief, councillor Mike Del Grande, says he has had two transformers blow on his Scarborough street. Anticipating trouble with the grid, he bought a gas-run portable generator a decade ago and runs his house off it when the power goes off.
Hydro says that 40 per cent of outages is caused by defective equipment, not stormy weather, downed trees or other events.
Though the utility has spent $400-million a year for the past two years on repairs and upgrades, says Blair Peberdy, a Hydro vice-president, "we've just been treading water because conditions on the grid have been worsening. Now stuff is popping up all the time. It's almost like Whac-a-Mole."
At this rate, he says, more serious or widespread power failures are inevitable. "It's not a question of if they're going to occur, it's when."
Aging work force, aging equipment
Story continues below advertisement
A few hours touring the key components of the grid with Hydro workers shows why. At the Windsor station, the vintage air-blast breakers in those grey lockers, installed in 1956, are well past the end of their natural life. When a part breaks, Mr. Arruda has to cannibalize one of the spare breakers that stand like great metal insects in the station corridors. The companies that made the parts long ago went out of business.
Mr. Arruda, 51, is as much museum keeper as engineer. He has worked at the station since 1981. The only significant "new" equipment installed in all that time was a set of switchgear in yellow lockers near the station's entrance. That was in the early 1980s.
In the basement, he shows off another historical curiosity: snaking lengths of thick lead cable that bring in power from Niagara Falls and Ontario nuclear plants to keep Toronto's lights on. Many of the paper-insulated cables are spliced together with big sausage-like masses of lead that must be moulded by hand. Toronto Hydro still instructs young apprentices in this ancient art, because so much outmoded lead wiring is still in use – 1,300 kilometres worth. It too must be replaced.
Across town in the east end, mechanic Susan Green stares down into a transformer vault underneath a metal grill in the sidewalk. There are 16,200 such vaults around the city. Transformers take the high-voltage power that comes from stations such as Windsor and "step it down" to the lower voltage that flows into your house to run the toaster.
Throughout the city, old transformers are rusting in their vaults under the sidewalks. If oil leaks out and water gets in, they can burn or even explode. "Sometimes they don't go quietly," says Ms. Green.
Another big problem is what Hydro calls "underground direct buried distribution." Decades ago, when the city's suburbs were spreading, engineers started using a new kind of cable that could be buried directly in the ground without first laying ducts for it to travel through. In the early 2000s, Hydro realized the cable was corroding after years of freezing, unfreezing and being exposed to underground water.
Story continues below advertisement
In suburbs like Scarborough and Etobicoke, the company is struggling to replace 1,000 km of the cable. The trouble is that, because there are no ducts, workers can't just go down manholes, pull the cable out and put new cable in. They have to dig all of it up, plowing up streets and lawns.
Overhead wires are the most visible and vulnerable part of the grid. Many are old, sagging and fraying. On College Street near Ossington, lineman Jim Cranswick points out the tufts of black insulation hanging from the old wires, making them prone to short-circuit if a branch or another wire comes in contact. Square frames of timber, a signature of the streetscape in the older parts of the city, hold aging overhead transformers. Three-quarters of overhead circuits are of this antiquated box design.
The poles themselves are often decades old. Mr. Cranswick was climbing one on a ladder three years ago when "all I heard was a snap and down I went." He broke his wrist and three ribs. It turned out that the core of the pole had gone to pulp with age.
Now, thanks to the dispute with the energy board, Hydro's renewal effort has gone into suspended animation. Mr. Cranswick was in the midst of replacing old poles and wire along College Street when the stop-work order came in from Hydro's art deco headquarters on Carlton near Yonge this month. "We were all gung-ho" to finish the project, he says. Now his construction crew has been put on ordinary maintenance, waiting, like many Hydro workers, to see whether money will start flowing again to fix the city's superannuated power grid.
THE BATTLE FOR RENEWAL REVENUE
It isn't always easy being a monopoly. When Toronto Hydro wants to invest in upgrading its aging equipment, it can't simply raise the price it charges customers, as a private company in an open market might do. Nor can it go to city council to approve an increase in rates, as the city water department did in November, 2011, when it asked for (and got) hikes of 9 per cent a year to cover the cost of replacing aging pipes.
Story continues below advertisement
As a regulated monopoly, Hydro must run everything past the Ontario Energy Board, which oversees the electricity and natural-gas sectors for the provincial government. Usually, those applications are dry affairs featuring thick briefing books and reams of statistics. This time, the rate-setting process has turned into a battle royale.
Hydro says it is being hobbled by the board's decision to deny the utility a special rate increase to pay for overdue system upgrades. The increase would have allowed the utility to spend about $500-million a year on renewal for the next three years. Without that money, Hydro says it must go into what chief executive Anthony Haines calls "survival mode," halting most long-term spending.
Critics call that scaremongering. Consumer groups note that the energy board found that Hydro's claim of a crumbling electrical system was "not sufficiently credible." The OEB itself says it approved capital spending of $350-million in 2010 and $378-million in 2011 and that Hydro can apply to spend even more under what it calls an Incremental Capital Module, an allowance for special circumstances. In a final swat at Hydro, the board found that its rates are the highest in Ontario while its spending per customer was among the poorest.
Hydro responds that with its high-rise downtown core, its electric-powered streetcars and subway, its power-gobbling hospitals and its sprawling suburbs, Toronto simply can't be compared to Guelph or Kingston. It has special work-force problems too: the average age of its workers is 55. Many will soon retire, so Hydro must spend heavily to train up new recruits.
In a letter to the energy board last week, Hydro chair Clare Copeland said that the utility would be asking the board to review its ruling. The battle continues.
IBM has demonstrated a battery that breathes.
Under the aegis of its Battery 500 project – an effort to build a battery capable of powering a car for 500 miles – Big Blue has designed a battery that produces power by taking in oxygen and then recharges by expelling oxygen. Because its driven by the outside air, such a battery can be significantly smaller and lighter than traditional lithium-ion batteries, providing a much longer life per square inch.
Researchers have long explored this sort of "lithium-air" battery, but IBM's demonstration shows it can actually be built. "The fundamental operation of the battery is no longer in question at all," says Winfried Wilcke, the senior manager of IBM's project. The company believes that with this technology, it can indeed produce a car battery that can take you 500 miles.
Wilcke adds, however, that the technology is still a long way from showing up in the marketplace. "A lot of other things have to be done before we can put this in a car," he says. But he believes this will happen some time after 2020.
As it stands, battery-powered cars are far from ubiquitous because current battery technology is too heavy. The ratio of weight to the amount of power provided means that you can't have battery that duplicates what you get from a tank of gas. Improvement to battery technology may give you move power, but this is often offset by added weight.
What Wilcke and his team have done is removed the oxygen from their batteries, relying instead on the oxygen in the surrounding air. Oxygen flows into the battery's "open system" cell, much as it moves into a combustion engine. Inside this cell, it slips into tiny spaces that measure about an angstrom (0.00000000001 meters), and it then reacts with lithium ions on the battery's cathode. That reaction turns the lithium ions to lithium peroxide, releasing electrons and generating electricity for the engine.
"You don't need to squeeze your reaction product into material," Wilcke says. The battery can produce up to 10,000 milliamp hours per gram of cathode material used.
Wilcke is quick to point out that this big increase won't translate to the same power increase once the technology reaches the market. There are still added materials to facilitate the reaction that offset parts of the power gains. But it does show how much more energy can be stored.
Once the battery is saturated with oxygen, it reaches the end of its charge, and it must be connected to a power source to recharge. When recharging, it releases oxygen back into the air, returning the lithium back to its ion state.
Wilcke's team, along with teams based in Zurich, Switzerland, built the battery with the help of IBM's Blue Gene supercomputer using "atomistic modeling" to determine how ions and molecules of the proposed battery would interact.
Wilcke's group will soon publish a paper on the technology, but until then, the company is giving few details about its design. But Wilcke did say that his group does not believe that graphene and carbon are good materials for lithium-air batteries. Carbon had been used because it's a cheap way to create surfaces, but, he says, it's not stable enough for long-term use.
On whether the Kings had a strong first period and “sat back”:
No, not really. I think it was a good start against a fresh team. I said it yesterday. It was a little bit of a trap game for us because the team's sitting here waiting, and we were in the middle of a stretch. Good first period, scored the first goal, scored a power play goal, which has been really important for us lately, and go from there.
On Dwight King providing production on the left side of the lineup:
I think our left side, Kinger was really good from Edmonton to Calgary, so the third game in a row.
On Jonathan Quick:
I think if you look at the top of the league, the number one guys that are on teams on the top of the goals against are all playing lots and don't have much dip in their game, and he's certainly been that. He knew since Christmas he was going to play every game for us.
On using Michael Mersch on the penalty kill:
We've been using him killing. It doesn't have anything to do with late in the game, it's a more lefthanded guy taking a few seconds off some other guys.
On having a wide lead on top of the Pacific Division:
It's important – I've said it. It's been asked. It got asked again on the road trip. Usually Anaheim's running away with by now. I said it on the road. It does not change. We're trying to be a playoff team. You don't want to be fighting for the third spot. We tried it last year, and it doesn't work.
By a one-vote margin, the House narrowly passed a Republican-sponsored repeal of the Affordable Care Act on Thursday. After months of intraparty negotiations, Republicans finally delivered President Donald Trump his first legislative victory. Under taunting chants of "Na na na hey hey hey goodbye" by Democratic lawmakers, the final vote to approve the American Health Care Act was cast just as voting closed on the House floor. The final vote tally was 217 to 213, with no Democrats voting to repeal the landmark health care legislation.
For their part, Democrats spent most of the day sounding the alarm against the bill and warning Republicans about the dire political consequences of voting to support the AHCA.
Advertisement:
“They have this vote tattooed on them. This is a scar that they'll carry,” the House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said during her floor speech before the vote. “Whatever happens in the vote, the members of the House Republican caucus will be forever identified with the worst aspects of the bill they passed.”
Moderate Republicans and conservative Tea Party members have for weeks fought over the provision of the Affordable Care Act that mandate that every person be able to gain insurance coverage despite any pre-existing conditions. Days after President Donald Trump marked his 100th day in office, the leaders of the moderate Tuesday Group as well as the ultraconservative House Freedom Caucus negotiated the MacArthur-Meadows amendment that allows states to deny coverage for pre-existing conditions, including sexual assault. The Congressional Budget Office, however, has yet to score the bill for its cost or coverage impact. Still, Trump has postponed a trip to meet the Australian prime minister in New York City in order to host a victory party for Republicans at the White House.
Pelosi said on Thursday that Republicans will pay a political price for their vote because their constituents will suffer under such a law. “Most people don't even know who their congressperson is in many places. Now they'll find out. They'll find out that their congressperson voted to take away their health care,” she told reporters at a press conference on Thursday.
“There are people who have said to me, ‘Why do you keep trying to stop this bill? Let them pass it,'” she said. “Now I don't like that because we are first and foremost looking after the American people. But . . . there is very little chance that this bill will be passed by the Senate. So they're making a very bad move,” she added. “People have to see that elections have ramifications in their lives, and this is probably one of the most personal manifestations of that connection.”
Added Pelosi: “People have to see that elections have ramifications in their lives, and this is probably one of the most personal manifestations of that connection.”
Advertisement:
Democratic legislators shared their reactions via Twitter:
Connecticut Democrat Rep. Rosa De Lauro complained about reports that beer had been delivered to the Capitol grounds in anticipation of the House vote. “Millions of Americans are about to lose health care coverage and the Republicans are drinking beer,” she tweeted.
Taco Bell is planning to expand it's "low-end" value options by implementing a new "$1 Cravings" Menu, which will replace the food company's current "Why Pay More" menu.
According to ABC News, Taco Bell will test the new options in Kansas City, Mo., and Sacramento, Calif., before expanding nationally.
Brian Niccol, Taco Bell's chief marketing and innovation officer, told Ad Age last week that the company's "Why Pay More" offerings aren't priced low enough to meet the customers wants and needs.
"Why Pay More's" items were "originally priced at 79 cents, 89 cents and 99 cents, though those prices have largely increased to well north of a dollar over time," Ad Age's Maureen Morrison explained.
The new Cravings include a beefy cheesy burrito, shredded chicken mini quesadilla and something called a beef crunchito.
During football and basketball games, BTN LiveBIG will spotlight notable examples of research, innovation and community service from around the conference. In-Game stories will provide more background on these features, and the opportunity to view the videos again.
Hitsville U.S.A. Rock City. Motown.
These names evoke Detroit's rich musical past — one that includes artists as varied as The Temptations, the MC5, Marvin Gaye, Madonna, Eminem and the White Stripes. Unfortunately, that heritage is endangered today by a continually contracting local economy and a lack of funding for music education.
However, there is hope for Detroit's musical future, and it's coming from an unlikely place — more than 100 miles west, just off of I-96. Michigan State University's College of Music brought a Community Music School to the city's “creative corridor” on Woodward Avenue.
“Detroit's known for making two things: cars and music,” said Jill Woodward, director of the MSU Community Music School. “We're looking to build the next generation of musicians in Detroit.”
The school, which opened its doors in 2009, provides low-cost music lessons to hundreds of children in Detroit. It serves students ranging from toddlers to teens, and instruction and performances accommodate aspiring musicians at all levels.
“They're flocking to us,” Woodward said. “Music's not available in school the way it used to be. People here see the value in learning about music, but they also recognize how that kind of education builds character.”
Woodward should know. She studied the cello while growing up, and her interest in music led her to a career as a communications consultant for organizations like the Detroit Symphony Orchestra. In July, she was named director at the MSU Community Music School, which had previously been “her favorite client” when she was doing consulting.
“I feel very lucky,” Woodward said. “It's a gift to do this kind of work.”
In her experiences with the school, Woodward has seen the ways in which it's positively impacted students' lives. They learn about the fundamentals of musical composition and performance, of course, but they also pick up valuable life skills such as punctuality, listening, abstract thinking and problem-solving. Ultimately, this can help Detroit improve in ways that extend well beyond the music scene.
“We teach kids to tap into their creativity and individuality and apply that to their lives,” she said. “These are skills that are translatable for 21st century jobs.”
By Brian Summerfield
For more great Michigan State content:
Surgical conditions constitute up to 28 % of the global burden of disease, and the current surgical infrastructure in many low-income countries cannot meet all of it. Access to surgical care is low [93, 101, 120], and most hospitals in LMICs do not treat high-DALY conditions [3]. Simultaneously, a rapidly growing, often fragmented charitable sector has stepped in to meet surgical need—a sector that has not been systematically evaluated [87].
Unfortunately, what evaluations have been done may actually promote fragmentation—examining surgical missions in isolation prevents informative similarities and differences from becoming explicit. We propose, instead, structuring evaluations around platforms for the delivery, not around disease types or individual missions. Doing so highlights the relative impact of models that underpin charitable surgery.
1 Domain Platform Temporary, short-term Temporary, self-contained Surgical specialty hospital Effectiveness Poor results for complex procedures; effective for simple procedures Potentially equivalent to developed-world outcomes Equivalent to developed-world outcomes Cost-effectiveness Cost-effective if serving as the only platform for surgery; unlikely cost-effective otherwise No data Most cost-effective of the competing choices Sustainability Unlikely sustainable; may have a detrimental impact on health-seeking behaviour No data Platform suitable for sustainability Training Effective for training of developed-world surgeons. Little data on training of LMIC surgeons Platform available for training Definite role for training of LMIC surgeons (Surgical Procedures, Operative[MeSH Terms] OR surgery[tiab] OR surgeries[tiab] OR surgical[tiab] OR operative[tiab] OR operating room[tiab] OR operation[tiab] OR cleft lip[tiab] OR cleft palate[tiab] OR eye[tiab] OR congenital[tiab] OR heart[tiab] OR cardiac[tiab] OR vesicovaginal[tiab] OR obstetric fistula[tiab] OR genital fistula[tiab] OR trauma[tiab]) AND (Medical Missions, Official[MeSH Terms] OR Missions and Missionaries[MeSH Terms] OR Mobile Health Units[MeSH Terms] OR Relief Work[MeSH Terms] OR Voluntary Workers[MeSH Terms] OR humanitarian[tiab] OR surgical mission*[tiab] OR missionary[tiab] OR resource limited[tiab] OR low income countr*[tiab] OR middle income countr*[tiab] OR developing countr*[tiab] OR LMIC[tiab]) NOT “case reports”[publication type] Example surgical specialty hospitals working in low-resource settings Cardiac Salam Center, Khartoum, Sudan Narayana Hrudayalaya Hospitals, Bangalore, India Innova Children's Heart Hospital, Hyderabad, India Ophthalmic ORBIS Aravind Eye Hospitals, Tamilnadu, India LRBT Eye Hospitals, Pakistan Obstetric fistula Babbar Ruga Hospital, Katsina, Nigeria Hamlin Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia Danja Fistula Center, Danja, Niger Maternity services Life Spring Hospitals, India Cancer: Adayar Cancer Hospital, Chennai, India Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, India The overall findings from this systematic review are presented in Table. The literature suggests that NGOs deliver surgery by either establishing permanent surgical hospitals or in more temporary platforms—which themselves can be self-contained or can rely on local infrastructure.
The available evidence suggests that, despite its ubiquity, the short-term temporary surgical mission's role should be limited to areas and conditions for which no other surgical delivery platform is available. In these settings, it delivers care efficiently. In settings in which alternative delivery systems exist, however, it appears much less effective [88]: short-term missions may not reach patients with unmet need [93]; risk delivering unsatisfactory results, especially around complex reconstructions [53, 65, 66]; often stress the local surgical infrastructure [40]; and may discourage health-seeking behavior [92], all of which undermine its sustainability.
In most cost-effectiveness analyses, short-term missions are compared against not providing any surgery and are assumed to be without complication [23, 38, 41, 67]. This overestimates their marginal effectiveness, systematically biasing analyses toward the surgical mission. In analyses in which the short-term platform is compared with other platforms, it becomes less cost-effective [55].
Self-contained temporary platforms are rare, but fit in the negative space between the short-term mission and the specialty hospital. They offer services usually not found in the short-term mission and are able to deliver care comparable to that found specialty hospitals in both LMICs and high-income countries [25, 26]. Cost-effectiveness studies have yet to be performed on this platform of delivery.
Finally, the literature suggests that specialized surgical centers might be effective in providing a high volume of care with good outcomes [115, 116]. Simultaneously, these permanent platforms are able to provide for some of the unique needs faced by patients with more complex conditions [102, 117, 121], and do so sustainably. One cost-effectiveness analysis demonstrates their increased efficiency over short-term camps [55], but further cost-effectiveness analyses are necessary.
This review is the first to attempt a broad, systematic evaluation of charitable surgical delivery in LMICs, distinct from the conditions treated and the individual organizations that treat them. As such, it has certain limitations. It should be noted, for example, that any taxonomy is leaky. Some organizations that establish hospitals and send short-term missions trips to other countries, some of the self-contained organizations have themselves established hospitals. That no classification system can adequately characterize any NGO does not, however, mean that research into these organizations must remain fragmented. This taxonomy, leaky though it may be, proposes a structure for future research into a large sector of the health system.
The peer-reviewed literature in this area is small, all outcomes studies are case series, and nearly all the cost-effectiveness are predicated on relatively heroic assumptions. In addition, although some studies do show less-than-optimal results, publication bias very likely exists. More importantly, a lack of evidence does not imply evidence of a lack. Many surgeons in LMICs, in addition to surgeons who work with these charitable organizations, have little time to devote to producing peer-reviewed publications. As such, a dearth of evidence exists as to the comparative effectiveness of NGO platforms and local hospitals within the same setting. This dearth highlights the need for further investigation into the effectiveness of surgery as delivered in these settings, as well as the potential role other research methods—such as realist synthesis—in the study of surgical delivery by charities in low- and middle-income countries.
Finally, of the domains along which delivery platforms were evaluated (cost-effectiveness, effectiveness, sustainability, and training), the former is controversial, especially given the various platforms used. Some organizations, for example, work entirely with volunteer staff; others pay. As such, these studies must be interpreted with caution.
•Martin happy with how off-season surgery played out
•Injuries hampered Martin last season, culminating with post-season struggles
•Blue Jays should be able to find better off-days for Martin in 2017
DUNEDIN, Fla. – Only light dabs of scruff remain from the shaggy beard Russell Martin rocked last year, suddenly making the Toronto Blue Jays catcher look about five years younger. More importantly, he also feels about five years younger following a mid-December surgery to clean up his left knee.
Through the final two months of the 2016 season plus the playoffs, some frayed cartilage in the joint caused steady pain, eventually becoming so bad that even sitting down was uncomfortable. When two weeks of prescribed rest didn't help, he decided to go under the knife.
"Now it feels great man," he said Tuesday, one day ahead of his 34th birthday, while leaning back on a chair in front of his spring locker. "I'm really happy I got it done."
Less happy with the surgery were the underwriters handling insurance for the upcoming World Baseball Classic. Their refusal to cover his contract denied him a chance to play shortstop for Canada at the tournament. He's unhappy about it, suffice to say, especially because of how much better he's feeling.
There's freedom for Martin in no longer needing to prepare for three hours of suffering on the diamond, and he expects that to translate positively onto the field.
"It affects you everywhere, it's on your mind. You cancel it out and play with what you have, but it affects you," he said. "I can't say I'm going to hit this amount of points less or I'm not going to hit as many home runs, I just know that it's something you have to mentally block out and deal with, so I dealt with it. It definitely makes the game less fun. When you feel good and your body feels great, the game is awesome. When you're banged up, it's brutal."
***
Most brutal were the three games he played in the American League Division Series sweep of the Texas Rangers and the five games in the American League Championship Series loss to Cleveland. Already on a bad knee, things became exacerbated for Martin when a celebratory low-five from Troy Tulowitzki after the wild card win over the Baltimore Orioles split open his left pinky and required stitches.
For the next eight games, he couldn't effectively plant his left leg in the batter's box or wrap his left pinky around his bat. "I'm straight like Karate Kid on one leg all the time," Martin said, mimicking his batting stance from the post-season. "That was a grind."
Grind is an understatement, as he went a cumulative 3-for-33 with three walks and 14 strikeouts. And then there was the pounding behind the plate.
"Texas, oh man, was the worst. Catching with that (finger stitched up) was, ugh!" he said. "In your mind, you're thinking, ‘What if I get a foul tip?' No matter how tough you are, those things cross your mind. You try and block them out. You try and keep your focus on what's at hand. But you think about a lot of stuff. Everybody does. The key is not to think about that stuff as much as you can."
Russell Martin struggled mightily in the 2016 post-season(Nathan Denette/CP)
Asked if the takeaway there is to be careful when a fired up Tulowitzki wants to celebrate, Martin smiles. "He loves a low-five, I've got to watch my low-fives with Tulo," he replied. "It was just bad low-five technique on my part."
***
Bad technique is one way to describe how Martin's knee issues became amplified last year. On July 21, a day off, he stepped into the sauna looking for the steamy heat to help cleanse toxins from his body. He stayed in a bit too long, was on an empty stomach, and ended up fainting for the first time in his life.
Exactly what happened after he lost consciousness is unclear, but when he came to his head was sore. The next morning, his left knee hurt so much he called in and said he couldn't play that night.
"I wish I remember how I fell," said Martin. "You ever look at fights when someone gets knocked out, they go unconscious and their knee buckles, or something? I must have fallen awkwardly. … I don't think it was a major impact, I think I fell kind of slowly, but if I'm thinking about it, if my knee was sore and I fell awkwardly, then I must have bent a certain way."
Russell Martin Batting Average July: .292
August: .286
September/October:.161
Post-season: .090
Martin missed three games before returning to the lineup and didn't seem to miss a beat. Over his next 29 games, he went 31-for-105 with nine homers, 25 RBIs and 16 walks. The pain started catching up to him in September and he went 14-for-87 with four homers, 13 RBIs and 19 walks over his final 27 regular season games. He played in all but two of the team's contests over that stretch.
"We had to make the playoffs," said Martin. "We're not the only people who get bonuses when we make the playoffs. I can't mess with people's money like that, you know what I'm saying?"
Martin wasn't being bullheaded. He'd spoken with the training staff and understood that he wasn't risking a more substantial injury or long-term damage to his life by continuing to play. He believed, too, that he had plenty to offer, even in a diminished state.
"Sometimes it's just the reputation ­– the reputation of somebody being able to throw guys out is enough to neutralize a running game," he explained. "Just the presence can help, whether it's the pitcher on the mound who's used to throwing to you … the game's mental. You need to be confident mentally."
Martin remained confident mentally with whatever he could muster out of himself on a given day, and his determination was relentless.
"When you get to the end of the year, I want to be back there even if I am banged up," he said. "You have to earn your right to play in those moments."
“We had to make the playoffs. We're not the only people who get bonuses when we make the playoffs. I can't mess with people's money like that, you know what I'm saying?”
***
The first surgery Martin had took place on Dec. 20, 2010, shortly after he signed as a free agent with the New York Yankees. During his physical, a small tear in the meniscus in his right knee was discovered and a procedure was promptly scheduled. But doctors also examined his left knee in the process and said they found enough damage there to suggest operating on both knees at the same time.
"I'm like, ‘No, I've never had surgery anywhere, let's do one, and if I'm good with one then we can do the other one another time,'" Martin recalled. "Because my left one felt fine. But they already saw stuff to get my left knee scoped. So I waited six years and it lasted six years."
By November, Martin needed no encouragement to get the surgery. In fact, this time he pushed for it after the two weeks of rest the Blue Jays had recommended before any decisions were made yielded no gains.
Recalling his conversations with the Yankees in 2010, he called the Blue Jays and "I was like, ‘Let's just get it done because the way it feels now, it sucks.'"
Now that he feels better, the challenge will be in keeping him that way. Shortly before he arrived in spring training, Martin posted Instagram videos of himself working out in a swimming pool and on dry ground, part of his improved approach to preparing his body.
A post shared by russellmartin55 (@russellmartin55) on Feb 8, 2017 at 10:42am PST
A post shared by russellmartin55 (@russellmartin55) on Feb 10, 2017 at 1:13pm PST
"Early in my career, I just wanted to prove to everybody, like, ‘Look how hard I can work,'" he said. "Next thing you know, it's August, and I'm done. I'm just done. The will's there but my body's just not allowing me to perform like it should. Part of it is probably that I'm young so I'm not getting as much rest at night, probably going out a little bit too much, and all those things they add up. If you don't rest, you're not going to feel fresh the next day."
Not quite as young any longer, he makes sure to rest more. Resistance bands and swimming are a bigger part of his workouts than weights. With the help of the Blue Jays' high-performance department, he makes sure there are no imbalances in his body – a byproduct of one-sided baseball movements like a swing – by keeping his core strong. The theory is that maintaining balance reduces the risk of injury due to excessive strain on weaker areas.
The Blue Jays should be able to help Martin in other ways this season, too, now that R.A. Dickey is no longer with the team and days off won't be decided primarily by when the knuckleballer starts. It helps, too, that Jarrod Saltalamacchia is a more appealing option than Josh Thole on days he rests.
"I think our best tool is how we communicate," said Martin. "There might be times in the season where I might need more rest. There might be times where I feel great and I can let them know, hey, I feel great, this is not a time when I need rest. There's a fine line between, hey, if you're hot and you feel great, you keep riding it. This is not when I want to have a day off, which was a bit more difficult when Dickey was throwing, when the rotation was set up to work a certain way.
Now that things are a little bit different, I feel that I'm more mature now and more understanding of the communication aspect of it. If I'm banged up, the more you play, you're not going to heal. There's that fine line."
A line Martin hopes won't be quite as difficult to navigate in the season ahead.
" " Just because raccoons get their food from the garbage doesn't mean they won't "wash" it before eating. iStockphoto/Thinkstock
If your trash cans are regularly raided by these urban scavengers, you probably find this crazy fact especially hard to believe. But raccoons, at least those living in captivity, do wash their food every chance they get – though probably to a different end than when we do [source: Welshans].
With access to a water source, a raccoon will practice a dunking ritual that removes a lot of the filth from their meal. Holding, say, a half-eaten apple in its dexterous front paws, it will repeatedly and vigorously dunk it in the water, rotating the apple as it does so, before dining [source: Welshans].
This likely doesn't mean what we think it does, though. Yes, they are cleaning their food, but that might just be a side effect of the action. Researchers have found that raccoons will "dunk" their food in the air, too, if there's no water around. Why dunk at all, then, if cleanliness isn't the goal? No one is sure, but it's possible it intensifies the tactile aspects of a meal. Raccoons have especially sensitive fingers, and they may just enjoy the feeling of the ritual [source: Welshans].
And the Nintendo Wii can tell us why.
First, let's back up a bit and describe how the market for gasoline works. Gasoline is a commodity (gasoline from Shell is effectively the same as gasoline from Exxon), and everyone knows the price (due to those giant signs on the side of the road). This means that we can model the gasoline market using basic economics and we should be able to draw some reasonable conclusions. Ready?
Supply and Demand Curves
Let's talk about supply and demand. We all know that the “law of supply and demand” somehow determines prices apparently – but what exactly is happening? Well, let's start with a “demand curve”.
This describes how many consumers would want (demand) for a certain price. A typical gasoline demand curve can be seen on the right – if the price is really high (Point A), we'll only use a car for essential trips (low demand). If the price goes down (Point B), we'll use more and more until we're driving everywhere. Sound reasonable?
Now let's look at supply curves. These curves describe the behaviour of the other side – the guys that produce gasoline. If the price of gasoline is really low (Point C), you'll only sell it if you can cover your costs (generally). As the price of gasoline increases (Point D), more and more supply is available. This is a result of higher prices allowing higher cost methods to be effective. If a new extraction method costs 50 bucks a barrel, you better be able to sell it for more than 50 bucks or else there's no point. An example supply curve is on the left.
Market Price
So we have a supply curve, and a demand curve – so what? Well, now we know what the price of gas is! How exactly? Well, let's put the supply curve and the demand curve overtop of each other. We can see this on the right – any ideas of what the price of gas is?
If you guessed where the two curves cross, good work! Where the two curves cross gives us:
the price of gas the amount of gas sold
It's the single point where consumers demand the exact same amount that producers want to provide. If the price was lower, consumers would want too much and producers wouldn't produce enough (scarcity). If it was higher, consumers wouldn't want as much gas and producers would produce too much (surplus).
Now we know how to determine market price. Now ask yourself – what happens if someone (perhaps the government creates a law) says “Nope! That price is wrong! Change it!”.
Price Ceilings
There are a few different terms for this, but we'll limit ourselves to an enforced maximum price – called a price ceiling. There are two different ways a price ceiling can be implemented.
The first is rather boring – called a nonbinding price ceiling. For example, if gas was currently selling at 3$ and a law was made saying the maximum price is 4$, what do you think would happen? Well, not much is right. It would really only come into effect if prices continued to rise.
So what's the other type? It's called a binding price ceiling. Suppose gas was currently selling at 3$ and a law was made saying the maximum price is 2$ – clearly something is going to happen. From our previous discussion about supply and demand curves we know two things happen when price decreases:
consumers can afford more, so demand goes up producers make less money, so supply goes down
Wait a second… that doesn't seem to make sense. We have more demand, and less supply? That seems to mean that prices would go up. But they can't because the law says they can't. So what happens?
Excess Demand
Well, not much can happen. It's the law after all. Prices will stay at the price ceiling, but look at the graph on the right. The quantity demanded by consumers used to be the same as that provided by producers – but now consumers want far more and consumers provide far less. This difference is called “excess demand”.
So what happens if you have excess demand in a market? Well, let's ask the Nintendo Wii.
Nintendo Wii
First off, the situation with the Nintendo Wii isn't purely a result of a price ceiling. It's very similar however (limited production capacity combined with a price ceiling). Let's create the supply curve for Nintendo Wiis. Assume we sell at a constant price (suggested retail price), and the factory can produce up to a certain number of units – but no more.
Now let's put a consumer demand curve over that (right) – we can see that the curves cross and an equilibrium price is produced. Consumer demand at equilibrium is less than the factory capacity, the suggested retail price is appropriate and everything works out wonderfully.
Now suppose that your executives completely underestimated consumer demand, and are now so far behind that they cannot possibly build a factory in time to satisfy this demand. The demand curve shifts to the right significantly (for a given price there is now much more demand). The Nintendo Wii factory can only produce so much however, and we can see excess demand in the graph on the left. Now we have a problem – if you're going to make something cheap, there better be a lot of it!
Why you don't want the gasoline market to act like the Wii market
Both situations involve excess demand. And the problems that occur are effectively identical. For instance:
If you're first in line, you're golden! No problems, you get your (Wii/gasoline) for a cheap price. Unfortunately, if you're at the end of the line, no (Wii/gasoline) for you! The market chooses based not on willingness to pay, but on willingness to screw around and hunt for a scarce item.
People try to play the system. If they're at the front of the line, people will buy (a Wii/gasoline), and then try to sell it for a higher price to those at the end of the line.
The excess demand still hasn't gone away. Everyone still wants (a Wii/gasoline). Now it's just a huge pain to find.
For instance, you could be working a 9-5 job, which requires gas to drive to. You don't have time to figure out what stations have gas – so you end up buying gas on the black market at a ridiculous price from a seedy guy who spends his entire day wandering around finding gas stations that actually have gas. Not exactly a shining example of capitalism.
So what has the Nintendo Wii taught us in regards to gasoline pricing?
Lessons
Price caps on markets like gasoline don't solve a damn thing. They sound like a good idea at the start – but the very act of regulation changes the way the market works, and causes an unintended result, shortages. These shortages then tend to reward speculation instead of real investment and progress.
In short, gasoline is expensive because we can't live without it, and continue to pay whatever price is demanded. Real solutions for transportation and infrastructure aren't as simple as saying “gas should be cheap, always!”.
“Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.” -George Santayana
The growing tendency among Wahhabis to dismiss others, both individually and en masse, as not being Muslims is almost always counterproductive and certainly lies at the core of the destructive Takfiri ethos which violates almost 600 years of Islamic jurisprudence in favor of spontaneous assessments made by ignorant individuals.
by Barry Grossman*
Some Thoughts on the Subject of Hajj, the Saudi Regime, Regional Conflict, Sectarian Discord and Iran's Decision to opt out of this year's Pilgrimage.
It comes as no surprise, that Iran felt compelled by the Saudi Arabia's intransigence to opt out of this year's Hajj. Indeed, the decision made by Iranian authorities not to facilitate Iranian participation in the Hajj this year is somewhat reminiscent of Prophet Muhammad's decision in 6 AH (628 CE) to cancel what would otherwise have been the first Pilgrimage of the post-Hijrah era.
It is difficult to imagine how Iran could have responsibly arrived at any other decision. Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei's unequivocal statement on the subject is of course timely and beyond reproach, especially if we bear in mind:
the state of relations between the Saudi regime and the Islamic Republic of Iran; the Saudi regime's role in conflicts raging in Yemen, Syria, Iraq, and Libya; the Saudi regime's symbiotic relationship with the USA and acquiescence in the US funded Israeli occupation of Palestine; the Saudi regime's role in oppressing Bahraini people; last year's Hajj tragedy in Mina which resulted the death of hundreds of Iranian Pilgrims and many more others; the Saudi regime's white wash of that tragedy and its contempt for the families of victims; the restrictions imposed by the Saudi regime on Iranian pilgrims; and the provocative recent assertion by Saudi Arabia's Grand Mufti that Shias are not Muslims.
Considering that initial reports of last year's Mina tragedy made it quite clear that the massive death toll was almost certainly caused by high ranking members of the al Saud clan's inner circle who -- ostensibly for the sole purpose of facilitating their own unhindered, routine travel -- ordered the closure of a road that was pivotal to the unhindered and safe pre-dawn flow of some two million pilgrims walking in the dark along routes with all points of egress barred by barriers as they looked forward to taking part in ramī al-jamarāt (the place where pilgrims hurl stones at the devil).
In considering the Ayatollah Khamenei's declaration that the death of those who died in the ensuing crush was nothing less than “murder” perpetrated by the Saudi regime, we would do well to remember that queuing theory and the management of large flows of people in confined spaces have become quite advanced sciences and a distinct academic discipline, the accumulated learning of which is very well known to those responsible for Hajj logistics. That is to say, it is almost inconceivable that anyone who demanded or facilitated the road closure which is believed to have caused the Mina tragedy did not have some degree of prior awareness of the deadly consequences that could ensue. The subsequent cover up carried out by Saudi officials and contempt shown for the families of foreign martyrs only serves to reinforce already strong indications of official criminal culpability.
Every true Muslim would do well to heed the words of Ayatollah Khamenei:
“Those who have reduced hajj to a religious-tourist trip and have hidden their enmity and malevolence towards the faithful and revolutionary people of Iran under the name of “politicizing hajj”, are themselves small and puny satans who tremble for fear of jeopardizing the interests of the Great Satan, the US.
Saudi rulers, who have obstructed the path of Allah and Masjid ul-Haraam this year and who have blocked the proud and faithful Iranian pilgrims' path to the Beloved's House, are disgraced and misguided people who think their survival on the throne of oppression is dependent on defending the arrogant powers of the world, on alliances with Zionism and the US and on fulfilling their demands. And on this path, they do not shy away from any treason.”
The reactionary, “knee jerk” response by Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al al-Sheikh who asserted for the entire world to hear that Iranians are not Muslims, only serves to reinforce the self-evident truth of Ayatollah Khamenei's statement. The Grand Mufti's nyat (intention) is at best suspect; his comments are provocative and nothing if not unhelpful. In short, his statement is un-Islamic.
I can appreciate that there are very limited and obvious circumstances which, after satisfying the substantive, evidentiary, and procedural imperatives of Islamic jurisprudence, can justify asserting that some specific individual is not a Muslim; but it seems to me that the growing tendency many self-avowed Muslims have to dismiss others, both individually and en masse, as not being Muslims is almost always counterproductive and certainly lies at the core of the destructive Takfiri ethos which violates almost 600 years of Islamic jurisprudence in favour of spontaneous assessments made by individuals that, all too often, are very recent reverts who, having been rejected and often humiliated by the Mushrik (infidel) culture of Europe's night club scene, have travelled to troubled nations and taken up the sword from a position of utter ignorance. Certainly if, as it is only proper, the standard to be applied in deciding who is and is not a Muslim is to be derived from the example set by RasoulAllah (Messenger of God), then scarcely anyone would qualify today as a Muslim. So where does that leave us?
As far as I know, even when referring to the worst among us, neither Muhammad (PBUH) nor the language of al Qur'an, resorted to expressly stating that individuals who identify as Muslims are in fact not Muslims. Without in any way implying that either Shia or those who embrace any of the more controversial variations on Sunni tradition are “the worst among us”, clearly this growing tendency many, typically less than devout Muslims have to decide who is and is not a Muslim based entirely on some abstract caricature of the impugned group's implied beliefs, is counterproductive, divisive and contrary to the spirit of al Qur'an itself.
Ayatollah Khamenei has been outspoken in condemning such tendencies among Shia Muslims but when we look to the descendants of the al Saud's regime's partners from the al-Wahhab family for constructive leadership on the issue, we either face a wall of silence or find ourselves assaulted by un-Islamic provocations being spouted by the likes of the KSA's partisan Grand Mufti which we must assume is fully sanctioned by the KSA's hereditary rulers.
As for the Saudi clan's control of Mecca and the Hajj, it is important to understand that when Abdulaziz ibn Muhammad Al Saud opportunistically seized control of Mecca in 1924, he was not motivated by any intention to “safeguard” Islam since, apart from rapacious, self serving Europeans and Ibn Saud's own raiding parties, the main dangers faced by Islam and Mecca at the time were of an existential nature, even if the region itself was already then being torn asunder by secular ambitions both from within and from without.
Yes; it is said that Ibn Saud led his unopposed 1924 attack on Mecca because pilgrims from Nejd had been denied access to the holy places in Hejaz. But those temporary restrictions must be understood in a context defined in no small part by the Ibn Saud led rebellion of Nejd tribesmen against the Hashemite controlled Kingdom of Hejaz which, with British and US acquiescence and covert material support, had already been under way for several years. The setting for that rebellion had of course been laid by the wider Arab revolt against Ottoman rule which, taking advantage of WW1, had run for many years before that and the exclusion of Nejd tribesman from Mecca at the time must be understood in that historical context.
The simple fact is that when Ibn Saud attacked Mecca he considered himself a freedom fighter and King-in-Waiting without a realm. Not satisfied with dominating the Nejd region, he coveted the Kingdom of Hejaz which, following the WW1 defeat of the Ottoman Empire, achieved national independence under Hashemite rule. He saw Mecca's Hajj related revenues as the jewel in a then still non-existent crown, the geo-political benefits of which were well understood by the Americans, the British and Ibn Saud's Zionist supporters, all of whom had their own ambitions which saw Ibn al Saud consolidate far more territory under his rule than even he imagined was possible, including those areas in today's KSA that contain most of its oil reserves and which, bordering on the Persian Gulf, had for many centuries been within Persia's historical sphere of influence and therefore not surprisingly populated predominantly, albeit sparsely, by Shia.
While it is easy to identify with the early indigenous cause led by Ibn Saud - much like the shady British spy Captain William Henry Irvine Shakespear did, and after him, Lawrence of Arabia, followed by Harry Philby whose notorious son was a Soviet spy -- any attempt to portray Ibn Saud's as a protector of Islam or his ambitions as having been motivated by Islamic imperatives, is pure revisionist history.
Of course no sooner did Ibn Saud's British financed desert skirmishes and, more importantly, the regional consequences of Europe's antipathy to the Turks, culminate in international recognition of the world's only modern nation-state named after a man, than continuing discoveries of vast oil reserves in the nascent Kingdom's predominantly Shia areas obscured Ibn Saud's motives for seizing control of Mecca by force. Yet with the Kingdom's finances in a precarious state almost a century later, the estimated $12 billion a year in state revenues now generated by the Hajj and Ummrah pilgrimages represent the regime's second largest source of revenue and certainly enough for the regime to continue It's not so covert funding of organised, military violence throughout the region.
Hajj is of course one of the pillars of Islam. It is pivotal in maintaining the integrity of Islam itself and, we are told, the righteousness of our submission to Allah. We could be forgiven, however, for thinking that the hostility faced by many pilgrims doing Hajj has never been more real, in no small part because, unlike the hostility faced by Muslim Pilgrims in 6 AH (628 CE), the hostility and very real danger faced by many of today's pilgrims originates, not from outsiders who openly avow their opposition to Islam, but rather from privileged elements ostensibly within Islam who, propped up by Americans and the British, have appointed themselves the custodians of Mecca, imposed their exclusive authority over all aspects of Hajj/Umrah, and claim all revenues generated by pilgrims, while also displaying an almost unprecedented hubris in considering themselves to be the rightful protector's of Islam itself, despite routinely revelling in the worst excesses offered by the Atlantic World culture.
Looking at Mecca as well as the lifestyles of today's al Saud clan and their retainers, Muslims could also be forgiven for thinking that the Saudi regime has replaced Mecca's stone idols of the pre-Hijrah era with abstract idols that take the form of wealth, power, and privilege. The fact that the process of distributing Hajj visas to aspiring pilgrims globally has become one of the most corrupt recurring enterprises on earth also has done nothing to inspire confidence in the Saudi royal family's Islamic credentials.
Indeed, no Saudi king has established himself as being anything more than a stooge of the Atlantic World powers since King Faisal was assassinated in 1975 by a member of the al Saud family who had just returned from a long stay in a USA which was then still reeling from the Oil Crises and deeply concerned by King Faisal uncompromising denunciation of the Israeli occupation of Palestine.
Against this historical backdrop, the time has come for all Muslims to reconsider whether, for the time being, undertaking Hajj or Umrah amounts to acquiescence in the regional crimes of an illegitimate regime which is closely allied with Atlantic World nations who are fully committed to eradicating Palestine and continuing a wider, permanent war on Islam. As for this imperfect Muslim, I fully and unapologetically embrace the position expressed by Ayatollah Khamenei on this issue. Islamic principles, logic, ethics, and a basic untainted understanding of history, in my opinion, leave room for no other position.
* Barry K. Grossman received his B.Comm. from the University of Calgary in 1984 and his LLB from York University's Osgoode Hall Law School in 1987. After working as a litigator at a major commercial law firm in Toronto, he moved to Australia to teach at the University of Melbourne's Faculty of Law in 1988. He later worked for several years as a litigation consultant to the national Australian firm of Freehill, Hollingdale & Page before taking up a full time lectureship at Monash University's Faculty of Law. Mr. Grossman has written extensively on various legal subjects and is a frequent commentator on political affairs. He is a Muslim and has resided in Indonesia since 1999.
The views, opinions and positions expressed on Op-Ed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views, opinions or positions of Khamenei.ir .
Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan. (Source: Express photo by Amit Mehra)
Union Health minister Dr Harsh Vardhan Friday said the Medical Council of India (MCI) has been a “big source of corruption” so much so that it has weakened the very edifice of medical education in the country. A clean-up in the medical education regulator, he said, is on the cards.
Advertising
“For a long time, the MCI has been a big source of corruption…instead of strengthening the component of medical education it has weakened it. I will go into the depth of it. I am not in favour of encroaching on its autonomy but the ministry should monitor and not allow them to be so corrupt.
MCI is a big Pandora's box, I do not get stuck there right at the beginning. Let me stabilise the other things in a couple of weeks and I will get to the bottom of it,” the minister said.
Making a strong case for the common medical entrance test at undergraduate and postgraduate levels — National Eligibility cum Entrance test (NEET) is now caught in a legal tangle — he said reining in private medical colleges who charge a bomb for a medical degree is the need of the hour.
He said he would evolve stakeholder consensus for compulsory rural posting for doctors and wants integration of AYUSH doctors in the healthcare delivery mechanism to solve the problem of manpower shortage.
But he added he is not in favour of anything less than a full-fledged MBBS degree, signalling that the plan to have rural healthcare professionals with a three year degree as mooted by the UPA government now stands buried for good.
Advertising
He conceded that shortage of doctors is a big roadblock and that is the principal thing affecting availability of doctors in primary health centres.
PRODUCTS THAT TAKE THE HEAT
BASALT-BASED FIBER TECHNOLOGY An inert rock found worldwide, basalt is the generic term for solidified volcanic lava.
Safe and abundant, basalt rock has long been known for its thermal properties, strength and durability.
Until now, spun-fiber production methods have limited its commercial viability. Sudaglass is changing all that. The first producer to offer basalt fibers in a 100 percent mineral, continuous-filament form, Sudaglass is bringing this versatile material to a wide range of applications. AN UNPRECEDENTED COMBINATION OF PROPERTIES AT LOWER COST THAN ALTERNATIVE MATERIALS
Superior Thermal Protection
With a thermal range of ­-260 C to +982 C (1800 F) and melt point of 1450 C, Sudaglass fibers are ideal for fire protection and insulative applications
Barriers to Disasters
Noncombustible and explosion proof, Sudaglass mats used to encase structural steel can provide unrivaled disaster protection, cost effectively and with no enviromental hazard Environmental Safety
Sudaglass fibers are 100% natural and inert. They have been tested and proven to be non-carcinogenic and non-toxic. Manmade fibers with a diameter of six microns or fewer are considered an inhalant hazard Exceptional Durability
Tough and long-lasting, Sudaglass fibers deliver acid, alkali, moisture and solvent resistance surpassing most mineral and synthetic fibers. They are immune to nuclear radiation, UV light, biologic and fungal contamination. Rock-Solid Strength
Sudaglass fibers and fabrics can take the heat and take a pounding. They're stronger and more stable than alternative mineral and glass fibers, with tenacity that exceeds steel fibers many times over. Reliable Supply
We own and operate our fiber manufacturing facilities, ensuring customers reliable, consistent supply of fiber products at predictable prices.
Home | Mat Felt | Geo-Mesh | Fiber Strands | Fabric | Roving
Reinforcement Rods | Technical Data | Comparative Characteristics | Contact Copyright © 2002 Sudaglass Fiber Technology - All Rights Reserved.
Innovate with Sudaglass Our current product line is just the beginning. We'll work with you to develop custom configurations for your application.  Aviation
 Electronics
 Refinery,
 Chemicals,
 and Power
 Plants
 Construction
 Industrial
 Automotive
 Shipbuilding
USA
Sudaglass Fiber Technology, Inc.
14714 Perthshire, Suite A
Houston, TX 77079 USA
Tel: (001) 281.496.5427
Fax: (001) 281.496.4233
Europe
Sudaglass Fiber Technology, Inc.
PO Box 2478
37A Chipstead Valley Road
Coulsdon
Surrey CR5 2WE
UK
Tel: (44) 20 8763 9438
Fax: (44) 20 8660 6021 Russian Federation
Sudaglass Fiber Technology, Inc.
1 Kommunisticheskaya
Sudogda
601240 Vladimir Region
Russian Federation
Tel: (7) 09235 22763 www.sudaglass.com
Victoria firefighters are being honoured not with a plaque, but a beer for making quick work of a fire that threatened to severely damage a historic brewpub last month.
Spinnakers, Canada's oldest brewpub, was damaged in the Nov. 23 fire but staff credited first responders for extinguishing the blaze before it could do further damage to the historic building.
The pub, and more recently the restaurant, have already reopened.
On Thursday, Spinnakers unveiled the newest addition to its lineup of house-brewed beers: Fireman's Session Thirst Extinguisher.
The 4.2 per cent alcohol lager is a “hopped up west coast session lager, light in body with a delicate citrus aroma,” according to the brewpub's website.
The company says the beer, which features a drawing of a Victoria firefighter in full gear, is “an expression of our gratitude for the diligence and sensitivity of the dedicated crew who fought a great battle and saved our historic brewpub.”
Not only is the lager dedicated to local firefighters, but partial proceeds from sales of the beer will go to the Fireman's Burn Fund, which provides support and services for burn victims in B.C.
The beer will start canning this weekend, and will not go on sale until 2017.
Wonder Woman has always been the least popular of DC Comics Trinity of flagship heroes and with good reason; hers is the least accessible of origins. Anyone with the willpower, intelligence and large bankroll can be Batman; that character appeals to realism. Superman is an immigrant; his story is almost a Horatio Alger story with superpowers with strong messianic overtones. Wonder Woman is a princess made out of clay by Hellenistic Amazon warriors imbued with immortality, unending beauty, and a protected paradise island guarded by the gods of Olympus named Themiscyra. So it's easy to see why she is the hardest of DC's big three to relate to.
Wonder Woman is also the star of the newest of DC's original animated straight to DVD movies. The first of the series was Superman vs. Doomsday which, for my money a C- first effort, the character designs were to close DCAU for comfort, and the story was lacking. The second was Justice League: The New Frontier, which was a great adaptation of the source material and is fantastic, but not perfect. The third was Batman: Gotham Knight, released to coincide with The Dark Knight was a series of vignettes set in between Batman Begins and TDK, which were hit and miss shorts done by anime studios in Japan.
Wonder Woman is the latest, and by far the best of the series so far. This is the first almost totally original movie that doesn't have any strings attached to another version of the character or a story arch. It is a celebration of Wonder Woman (Voiced by Keri Russell of House MD fame), that is smartly written, beautifully animated with a voice cast to match. It is also a Wonder Woman cartoon that is decidedly not for children. The battle scenes are brutal, but not overtly bloody, and the number of on screen beheadings rivals the Highlander series so it is easy to see why this was rated PG-13.
The story begins with an ancient battle between Queen Hippolyta (voiced by Virginia Madsen) and Ares the god of war, which climaxes with the victory of the Amazons and the punishment of Ares by Zeus. Hera gives them their island home. Diana is later created by the queen out of sand and given life. She grows up among her sisters until Steve Trevor (voiced perfectly and hilariously by Nathan Fillion) who for all the world looks to have his character model based off Steve McQueen. Diana goes to Man's World, things happen and there is an awesome battle in Washington DC with shades of the recent Amazons Attack series (don't ask).
This was a seriously good movie for straight to video. It's funny, the cast is great, it's action packed and leaves you wanting more Wonder Woman. The breakout supporting character though is Artemis (voiced by Rosario Dawson), whose character was Wonder Woman herself for a time in the 90s when everything had to be EXTREME in comics. Her character is so deadly serious during all of her appearances, but also has the cool dry wit of a Schwarzenegger character. I kind of groaned at first when she first came onto the screen, but this movie made up for every dumb storyline from the 90s.
I was expecting mediocre at best, but I was blown away by Wonder Woman. I never for the life of me thought I would see Wonder Woman drinking tequila, but I did, this movie delivered it, and it's one of the best and funniest scenes in the movie. This is the best thing to come out of Warner Brothers' DC division so far and with Green Lantern up next I think I might have to set my hopes a little higher for the next release.
Highly recommended, but not for your children.
[tags]Video, Movies and TV, Literature, Wonder Woman, Comics[/tags]
According to updated guidelines set forth by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, women in their 40's should not get routine mammograms for early detection of breast cancer.
The group's previous recommendation was for routine screenings every year or two for women age 40 and older. They now recommend that before having a mammogram, women ages 40 to 49 should talk to their doctors about the risks and benefits of the test, and then decide if they want to be screened.
While roughly 15 percent of women in their 40's detect breast cancer through mammography, many other women experience false positives, anxiety, and unnecessary biopsies as a result of the test, according to data.
The Obama administration distanced itself from the new standards, saying government insurance programs would continue to cover routine mammograms for women starting at age 40.
Aqib Talib is a forgiving man.
The Denver Broncos cornerback found his name in the news for an unsavory reason last week when Major Max Geron of the Dallas Police Department mistakenly reported that Talib had been arrested for public intoxication.
In fact, the man taken into custody was Talib's older brother, Yaqub.
The younger Talib said Tuesday that people don't often confuse him for his brother, but that he holds no ill will toward Dallas Police for the mishap.
“No, definitely not,” he said, via the Boston Herald. “That doesn't happen too much. But that's some hard-working guys in Dallas. They were just doing their job and they made a mistake, an honest mistake, man. It happens sometimes, man.”
Talib is back in New England this week for his football camp at Merrimack College, which he co-hosts with former Patriots teammate Aaron Dobson. He'll return again when his Broncos visit Gillette Stadium on Nov. 2 — a matchup Talib said he's looking forward to.
“Definitely, man. It will be a lot of fun,” Talib said. “(Tom Brady is) probably one of the best quarterbacks in NFL history. Anytime you get a chance to play against a guy like that, man, it's always fun.”
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it, we can expand and improve our coverage further.
Three heavy-duty Antonov cargo planes flew components of Europe's ExoMars orbiter and lander from Italy to the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazkhastan last week, setting up for a March 14 launch toward the red planet.
The Mars mission materials will be assembled, tested, fueled and attached to a Proton rocket over the coming months on the first of two launches for the ExoMars program, to be followed by the departure of a European-made rover to the red planet in 2018.
Liftoff of the first ExoMars mission is set for March 14, at the opening of a 12-day launch period. That launch will carry the Trace Gas Orbiter instrumented with sensors to sniff out methane in the Martian atmosphere, plus the Schiaparelli lander, an entry probe that will attempt to achieve Europe's first successful landing on the red planet.
A convoy carrying the two Mars-bound components of the ExoMars 2016 mission, plus a load of ground support equipment, left the Thales Alenia Space factory in Cannes, France, on Dec. 17 en route to Turin, Italy, where three Antonov An-124 cargo flights would take the hardware to Kazakhstan.
The three Antonov transport planes departed Turin-Casselle Airport on Dec. 18, Dec. 20 and Dec. 22, carrying equipment to help prepare ExoMars for launch, the Schiaparelli lander and the Trace Gas Orbiter, respectively.
The last shipment arrived at the Baikonur Cosmodrome on Dec. 23 after a customs check in Moscow, and ground crews unloaded the spacecraft containers into a clean room to start the launch campaign.
One of the first tasks at the launch site will be to set up a temporary tent inside the satellite processing facility at Baikonur. The covering will ensure the Trace Gas Orbiter and Schiaparelli are free of contaminants, keeping with stringent “planetary protection” protocols aimed at safeguarding Mars from Earth microbes.
The Baikonur Cosmodrome currently does not have a facility that meets Western planetary protection requirements, according to Walter Cugno, ExoMars program director at Thales Alenia Space, the mission's prime contractor.
The European Space Agency and Roscosmos — the Russian space agency — signed a final agreement in 2013 to collaborate on the ExoMars program. Russia took over much of the work originally assigned to NASA, such as the provision of launchers and a rover descent package, before the U.S. space agency withdrew from the missions due to budget constraints.
Then teams will initially prepare the two spacecraft for launch separately.
Ground crews planned to work nonstop over the holidays to keep the mission on schedule for its March 14 launch date, and perhaps gain some breathing room in the schedule in case something goes wrong closer to liftoff.
The Schiaparelli lander, covered in golden insulation and shaped like a flying saucer, will receive propellants for its descent rockets beginning around Jan. 29, according to Cugno.
With a full load of fuel, the lander will weigh about 600 kilograms, or 1,322 pounds. Schiaparelli is based on a simplified design, relying on internal batteries and not recharging solar panels for electricity, and cushioned by a “crushable” carbon-fiber structure instead of landing legs or airbags.
The lander is stationary, carrying a weather station and sensors programmed to collect data on the layers of the Martian atmosphere during its descent. Engineers expect Schiaparelli to survive between two and four days — or up to eight days if conditions are benign.
It is an introductory course to entry, descent and landing at Mars for Europe, which would become the third entity after the United States and Russia to achieve a successful touchdown on the red planet.
Workers will hoist the Schiaparelli lander on top of the ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter around Feb. 12. The duo will remain attached until Oct. 16, when the lander will separate from the mothership three days before arriving at Mars.
A three-day procedure to pump 2.3 metric tons (5,070 pounds) of propellants into the Trace Gas Orbiter is scheduled for Feb. 21-24.
Combined operations between the spacecraft and launcher authorities will begin Feb. 26. In the final weeks before liftoff, Russian teams connect the ExoMars spacecraft to the Proton rocket's Breeze M upper stage, enclose it within the launcher's nose shroud, then roll out the booster for fueling with its mixture of hydrazine and nitrogen tetroxide propellants.
Launch on March 14 is currently set for approximately 0930 GMT (5:30 a.m. EST), according to Jorge Vago, ESA's ExoMars project scientist.
The ExoMars orbiter and lander will be the only Mars mission launching in 2016 after NASA's announcement last week that the InSight probe will remain on Earth until at least 2018.
The InSight lander's seismometer instrument built to search for quakes on Mars ran into problems with its vacuum enclosure, forcing a delay in the mission's launch at least until the next Mars launch opportunity in May 2018, the same month Europe's ExoMars rover is scheduled for liftoff.
ExoMars' launch was originally set for Jan. 7, but an alert from a manufacturer of pressure transducers on the Schiaparelli lander warned officials that the components may be from a faulty batch. Engineers removed the transducers from the propulsion system to eliminate the risk.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Wow I don't even know what to say. It's basically impossible to respond to this without derailing the conversation, I mean this is the typical case of people forcing their own beliefs on other people. You can tell your in-laws are clouded by their personal beliefs, because even though they are in the health industry they still claim FGM has benefits, when the World Health Organization is very clear on the matter.
According to the WHO:
The World Health Organization reports that FGM has no health benefits and can cause a number of health problems. Immediately following the procedure, girls are at risk for severe pain, shock, bleeding, bacterial infection, and injury to nearby tissue. In the long term, girls and women who have suffered this procedure are at risk for recurrent bladder and urinary tract infections, cysts, infertility, and complications during intercourse and childbirth. Psychological issues resulting from the trauma of the procedure are also possible.
I also find it interesting that they use the term circumcision, because the actual accepted term is FGM, which stands for Female Genital Mutilation. I don't see how anyone could find mutilating someone helpful, I mean come on, just think about the word for a minute there.
For your information, FGM was outlawed in the United States in 1996, although it remains legal in 26 states. California is not one of those states. The feds also passed a law in 2013 which prohibits what they call vacationing FGM, where you take your daughter from somewhere that FGM is illegal to a state where it is legal to have the procedure performed. So in either case, what you in-laws did, or more specifically the doctors, was illegal. For sure, absolutely no doubt about it.
The crime, yes this is absolutely a crime, is punishable by up to 5 years in prison and unspecified amounts of fines.
What your in-laws did is absolutely atrosious. They disobeyed your own wishes, they kidnapped your daughter, they brought her to a doctor who illegally mutilated her. She will have a permanent disfigurment for the rest of her life. She will most likely suffer from residual health effects such as increased likelihood of UTIs, to things severe as infertility.
I am truly sorry that this has happened to you, and I can't even imagine how I would be behaving if my in-laws did this to me. Actually I do know, and believe me, the police would have to do everything they could to get to my in-laws before I did, because if not, there might not be anything left to find.
Please stay strong, and at this point I think you need to put family aside and pursue this legally. It seems you have already contacted the police, that is a good first step, taking your daughter to an emergency room and starting a paper trail is another good step. Recording conversations as others mentioned is also good, plus please remember that California is a two-party consent state. That means that if you wish to record a conversation between your in-laws and yourself or your husband, both parties, including your in-laws, have to agree to the recording for it to be used as evidence. I know it's tough to do such a thing to family and pursue legal actions, but let's not lose site of what happened here. Your in-laws, against your own wishes, took your daughter from you and brutally mutilated her, illegally I might add. There is absolutely no room for forgiveness here. I don't care what their personal beliefs are, where they grew up, it is possible to have personal beliefs that are factually wrong, such as the case with FGM. Your in-laws should have known better and I sincerely hope that they are brought to justice and that you, your husband, and daughter can be safe from their actions in the future.
I wish you the best of luck and I hope that you keep us updated with this story! FGM is actually a hot-topic issue right now, you might want to consider how you handle this with the media. If you don't want much attention then you won't contact the media, if you want some millions of people to back you up on this, you could contact local news stations and get the story out there. In any case, lawyer up, and this is a time to dig deep, hire a very good law firm for this case, because it's going to be a big one. It's not just that they violated your rights and your daughters, that title I mentioned above only scratches the surface, you can claim they violated your own religious rights, and many other things besides just mutilation.
FILE - In this Sept. 28, 2007, file photo, guns line the walls of the firearms reference collection at the Washington Metropolitan Police Department headquarters in Washington. A federal appeals court on July 25, 2017, blocked a District of Columbia law that makes it difficult for gun owners to get concealed carry permits by requiring them to show that they have a good reason to carry a weapon. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin, File)
A federal appeals court on Tuesday blocked a District of Columbia law that makes it difficult for gun owners to get concealed carry permits by requiring them to show that they have a good reason to carry a weapon.
A divided three-judge panel for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit said the law requiring people to show “good reason to fear injury” or another “proper reason” to carry a weapon infringes on Second Amendment rights.
“At the Second Amendment's core lies the right of responsible citizens to carry firearms for personal self-defense beyond the home, subject to longstanding restrictions,” Judge Thomas Griffith wrote for the majority. “These traditional limits include, for instance, licensing requirements but not bans on carrying in urban areas like DC or bans on carrying absent a special need for self-defense,” he wrote.
Judge Karen Henderson dissented, arguing that the court should defer to policymakers, who determined the law was necessary to ensure public safety. Henderson noted that D.C. has “unique challenges” as the home of the federal government, full of high-level officials, diplomats and protected buildings.
City law now requires residents to register guns kept at their homes or businesses. Anyone who wants to carry a weapon outside the home needs a separate concealed carry license.
The judges ordered a lower court to enjoin the city from enforcing the “good reason” law, but it remains in effect for now while D.C. Attorney General Karl Racine decides whether to ask for a full appellate review. If he does and the judges refuse to rehear the case, the order blocking the law would take effect shortly after, although Racine's office could also appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Racine said Tuesday that his office is committed with working with the mayor and city council “to continue fighting for common-sense gun reforms.”
“The District of Columbia's ‘good reason' requirement for concealed-carry permits is a common-sense gun regulation, and four federal appeals courts have rejected challenges to similar laws in other states,” Racine said in a statement.
Under the law, reasons to get a permit might include a personal threat, or a job that requires a person to carry or protect cash or valuables. The police department has approved 126 concealed carry licenses and denied 400 other applications since July 2008, police said this month.
The ruling is the latest in a long-running battle over the city's strict gun laws, which local leaders rewrote following a U.S. Supreme Court decision in 2008 striking down the city's ban on handguns.
Lower court judges have been divided over the “good reason” law. In March, U.S. District Court Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly sided with the city and declined to issue a preliminary injunction against enforcing it.
____
Follow Alanna Durkin Richer at http://twitter.com/aedurkinricher. Read more of her work at http://apne.ws/2hIhzDb
Governor Tom McCall Waterfront Park was named one of the best public spaces in the country in 2012.
With a mix of walkers, joggers, cyclists, tourists on Segways, and animals on (and off) leashes the paths can be a jumble of transportation modes and uses.
The City of Portland has recently installed signs to encourage “faster” riders to use Naito Parkway and also to ride slowly when the path is crowded.
If a cyclist chose to ignore these signs and ride faster than conditions warrant could that person by cited? Yes, but not for breaking the laws that you may think.
The cyclist could not be (successfully) cited under state law. The Waterfront Path is a multi-use path. It is not a sidewalk under the law, because it is not on the side of a highway. It is, however, a bicycle path. What this means is that, under state law, a bicyclist is under no traffic law obligation to yield the right of way to pedestrians or provide an audible signal, nor maintain a speed reasonable under the basic rule. They are, however, under the same due care requirements that all people owe one another under civil negligence law.
The City of Portland, however, has the right to control traffic within parks. Bicycles are “traffic” when on the roadway and the city code extends the control of that traffic when bicycles are being operated within a park. The Portland Police Bureau is directly authorized to enforce the traffic control within parks and can therefore issue a citation for violating the city code. The fine can be up to $500.
Since the signs give clear directives, not suggestions, a bicycle rider who fails to operate slowly in crowded conditions, or who operates at a speed considered “fast” without using Naito Parkway, could be issued a citation. The signs, however, leave a lot to the subjective experience of the cyclist and a law enforcement officer over what is “fast”, “slowly”, and “crowded”.
Charley Gee represents bicyclists and pedestrians in Portland, Oregon, at Swanson, Thomas, Coon, & Newton.
When an author signs a publication contract, insofar as it contains strict and traditional copyright notices, he is pretty much signing his life away. It used to be that the publisher would maintain control only so long as the book is in print. Today, with digital printing, this means forever: your lifetime plus 70 years.
During this time, you can't even quote significant portions of your own writing without permission from the publisher, and you could find yourself paying the publisher for the rights. You can't read your own book aloud and sell the results. You certainly can't give a journal a chapter.
You could try to be sneaky and change the text a bit, right? Wrong. They've thought of that. You will own and control new matter but the old matter is still the private possession of The Man.
What if the publisher isn't marketing your book? You can yell and scream but they don't have to answer. In fact, most publishers have a system for dealings with authors. It's called voice mail. Emails go unanswered.
You are done for. You sold your soul and you can't get it back. Not within your lifetime. Your creation, which copyright is designed to protect, is now the possession of someone else. This follows the trajectory as laid out in Michele Boldrin and David Levine's smashing new book Against Intellectual Monopoly.
As they explain, this racket began in the 17th century when government instituted the idea of ownership of ideas, precisely so that the government could crush ideas it didn't like. Only approved authors got the stamp of approval. Same with art. But then the authors and creators rose up and demand their rights in the 18th century, and the copyright idea was transferred from government to private parties, who were then in a position to crush competitors. In the 20th century, this changed again, when the right was transferred from individuals to corporations.
In the digital age that exists simultaneous to the most tyrannical copyright laws ever, this is creating an intolerable situation that amounts to a form of involuntary servitude. Creators write and paint and watch corporate interlopers doom their work to obscurity. The creator hoped to make a dent in the universe but only sees his material land in the recycle bin of history.
Yes, it is done by contract--contract backed by the power of the state. So why do authors put up with it? Mostly because it is a convention, and they haven't known about alternatives. Also, they are bribed by the ego-exploiting promise of royalties that never arrive.
The practical effects can be devastating. There is, for example, a book on Austrian business cycles that was published some years ago, and it is print from an academic house, but in print only in the most technical sense. It is essentially unaffordable for anyone but a state-fund library with an inelastic demand curve.
The Mises Institute wants to bring it back in paperback and make it affordable. Nope, can't happen. The publisher says that it will do it for us, at a very high price with virtually no discount. They are in their legal rights to do this.
Of course it makes the whole project completely unviable. No deal. The authors are cornered. There is nothing they can do. There is nothing we can do. A great Austrian book, written over the course of ten years, is consigned to the dusty shelves of a handful of libraries, for at least another 70 years.
This is only one case of a hundred that I've seen. It is even worse when the author is dead. The publisher may or may not have handed back the rights to the manuscript. Those rights may or may not have been transferred. They may or may not have been handed on in the will or perhaps they are part of probate.
Yes, a potential new publisher can hunt this down to find out who among 6 billion potential owners actually controls rights to this manuscript. A lawyer is always glad to spend vast amounts of your money doing research. He may or may not come up with an answer you can trust. Meanwhile, you have spent the equivalent of a first print run.
Most potential publishers will say: to heck with it. Again, you have failed to be immortalized by your work. This goes for artists and musical compositions and even recordings of your band or voice. Thanks to federal law since the 1980s, all this material is bound up in a thicket of law, and this thicket will not evaporate for more than one hundred years.
This is what the "intellectual property" of copyright has wrought.
So I say to all authors: please look at your contracts. Don't sign your life away. Publish on the condition of Creative Commons. Claim your rights back as a creator and an author.
How does this work? You have to copyright your work if only to prevent others from claiming copyright and thereby binding all other living persons, including you, from publishing it. Once you claim copyright, add that it is published under the Creative Common License 3.0. This rids your manuscript or song or painting of copyright's provision of doom: the requirement that only one institution can control it.
In other words, it makes your creation part of the free market. It can be posted, recorded, shown, photograph, celebrated by one and all forever. Isn't this why you create in the first place? Isn't this what drove you to write, paint, photograph, sing, or whatever? You want to make a difference. You want credit for your work. This permits this.
Old-fashioned copyright is nothing but a form of modern tyranny in the digital age. It has no future. Bail out of this wicked institution and make sure that your work has a future too.
Due to an act of Congress, Cuban nationals who arrive in the U.S. after 1959 cannot be illegal immigrants. They're automatically refugees. It's amnesty! The federal government has spent billions to assist those who've fled Castro's regime. It was a Cold War policy, signed by President Johnson. If they can get to our shores (many have died in the process), they have an instant pathway to citizenship. They just have to get here. And since 1995, have what is referred to as “dry feet.”
I say this to Republicans who seem to be aspiring now to win the Latino vote: Cubans are not Mexicans. So when the party touts Florida Senator Marco Rubio as their go-to Latino – Politico called Rubio “the fresh-faced ambassador to conservatives” (It's since been scrubbed) – they're not wooing the 31 million Latinos who identify themselves as Mexican-American, the biggest Latino group and therefore biggest Latino voting bloc in the U.S.
Cubans may speak Spanish, and be from someplace else, but their immigration experience is unique to the island they come from … and our policy toward said island.
And Puerto Ricans, the second largest Latino group in the country, are also not “illegals.” They're Americans. The island is a U.S. territory. I'm just trying to help you out, Republicans.
The point is: Putting Marco Rubio out on immigration reform is cynical conservative tokenism (àla Sarah Palin, Herman Cain and Nikki Haley), but it also proves the hypothesis by Mexican-Americans: Republicans don't actually care about them. One clue is that they assume they're pretty much Cubans.
Immigration reform's focus (and sticking point) is what to do about the estimated 11 million people who live here without documentation. A 2005 Pew Hispanic Center report says 56 percent of them are from Mexico, 22 percent from other Latin American countries (mainly Central America), 16 percent are Asian, 6 percent Canadian and European and 3 percent African. (None are Cuban.)
These 11 million people – nearly 80 percent of whom are Latino and using what Newt Gingrich called “the language of the ghetto” – make up our underground economy and exploited underclass.
Republicans have loved vilifying this group of people: From candidate for Governor of California Meg Whitman saying we should “prosecute illegal aliens and criminal aliens in all of our cities, in every part of California,” to Arizona's SB 1070 and Congressman Brian Bilbray saying you can tell if someone is illegal (not by their race, but) by their shoes. Bilbray lost his seat, by the way. And Meg who?
Mitt Romney's “plan” was for self-deportation. He also went after Mensa contender Rick Perry for educating “illegals” in his state. But then went on Univision with a dark bronze tan to address Spanish speakers.
Mitt who?
Republicans have opted for a Southern Strategy: a South-of-the-Border Southern Strategy. It failed. Now they're trying to reverse course.
The Hispanic Leadership Network, a GOP-affiliated group, suggested the party nix the words “illegals” and “aliens” and not use the word “amnesty,” which some tea-buzzed Republicans took as a challenge to see how many times they could use all three in a sentence. It's hard to teach the Grand Old Party new tricks.
Republicans moralize about illegal immigrants. “We're a nation of laws: they broke the law. End of sound bite.” If we can make the subjugated underclass somehow immoral then their continued exploitation is therefore acceptable. The labor they do doesn't need to be fairly paid for – it's penance for breaking the law. To Republicans, the wave of immigration from Mexico is a giant chain gang. When they get here, they're automatically felons so they deserve what they get.
But this has backfired on Republicans. It lost them the White House (yet again). They realize this. They want to be in power. That means they need the Latino vote. Their solution is to prop up a Cuban-American (whose parents came to this country before Castro) to go on Hannity and relay that his plan for the undocumented is for them to stand in line: “You have to wait your turn behind everyone who applied before you legally, and when your turn comes up, you have to qualify for the visa you're applying for.”
Giving weight to a Cuban-American on illegal immigration is like giving credence to the head of HSBC (or Barclays or UBS for that matter) on prisons.
Yeah, very little personal experience on the subject.
Godspeed, GOP.
@tinadupuy
Google has signed a deal with the audio-visual industry in France to more effectively target piracy on YouTube. The agreement, reached with anti-piracy outfit ALPA with government oversight, will see rightsholders gaining direct access to takedown mechanisms. Google will also provide financial support and training.
Once upon a time, people complaining about piracy would point to the hundreds of piracy sites around the Internet. These days, criticism is just as likely to be leveled at Google-owned services.
YouTube, in particular, has come in for intense criticism, with the music industry complaining of exploitation of the DMCA in order to obtain unfair streaming rates from record labels. Along with streaming-ripping, this so-called Value Gap is one of the industry's hottest topics.
With rightsholders seemingly at war with Google to varying degrees, news from France suggests that progress can be made if people sit down and negotiate.
According to local reports, Google and local anti-piracy outfit ALPA (l'Association de Lutte Contre la Piraterie Audiovisuelle) under the auspices of the CNC have signed an agreement to grant rightsholders direct access to content takedown mechanisms on YouTube.
YouTube has granted access to its Content ID systems to companies elsewhere for years but the new deal will see the system utilized by French content owners for the first time. It's hoped that the access will result in infringing content being taken down or monetized more quickly than before.
“We do not want fraudsters to use our platforms to the detriment of creators,” said Carlo D'Asaro Biondo, Google's President of Strategic Relationships in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
The agreement, overseen by the Ministry of Culture, will see Google provide ALPA with financial support and rightsholders with essential training.
ALPA president Nicolas Seydoux welcomed the deal, noting that it symbolizes the “collapse of the wall of incomprehension” that previously existed between France's rightsholders and the Internet search giant.
The deal forms part of the French government's “Plan of Action Against Piracy”, in which it hopes to crack down on infringement in various ways, including tackling the threat of pirate sites, better promotion of services offering legitimate content, and educating children “from an early age” on the need to respect copyright.
“The fight against piracy is the great challenge of the new century in the cultural sphere,” said France's Minister of Culture, Françoise Nyssen.
“I hope this is just the beginning of a process. It will require other agreements with rights holders and other platforms, as well as at the European level.”
According to NextInpact, the Google agreement will eventually encompass the downgrading of infringing content in search results as part of the Trusted Copyright Removal Program. A similar system is already in place in the UK.
I've been making films for more than 20 years and this is the hardest film I have ever made. If I'd known how hard this would be, I likely wouldn't have done it.
Chasing Asylum is a film about places you are not allowed to go to and people you are not allowed to talk to - and halfway through the making of the film, it became a criminal act with a prison sentence of up to two years for people working with asylum seekers to speak out about what was happening.
One year ago, on August 17, 2016, Papua New Guinea (PNG) and Australia announced they would close the Manus Island offshore detention centre, after PNG's Supreme Court had ruled the centre was illegal and in breach of fundamental human rights.
The government has taken extreme measures to maintain secrecy about what goes on inside these offshore hellholes. Eva Orner, filmmaker
Today, the detention centres on Manus Island and Nauru remain open and approximately 2,000 refugees and asylum seekers have now been held there for almost four years.
In June 2017, the Australian government agreed to what could be the largest human rights payout in the country's history.
{articleGUID}
A class action in the Supreme Court of Victoria on behalf of 1,905 asylum seekers and refugees held at the Manus Island detention centre from November 2012 to December 2014 was resolved on the eve of the hearing, for a reported 70 million Australian dollars ($53m).
This payment (on average nearly 37,000 Australian dollars for each detainee, though the amounts paid to each individual will differ) is to compensate the detainees for physical and mental injury caused to them by the government's failure to provide clean and safe water and food, shelter that would protect them from heat, rain and insects, essential personal items such as clothing, shoes and toiletries, adequate and hygienic medical and dental facilities, hygienic bathing and toilet facilities and protection from violence and assault.
The settlement shows the government accepts culpability for damage done to refugees held on Manus.
Images from inside
I returned home to Australia from the United States - where I've been based since 2004 - in August 2014, to start production on Chasing Asylum.
Australia's refugee and asylum seeker policies are some of the toughest in the world and are specifically designed to deter people from coming to the country by boat. Chasing Asylum exposes the effects of these detention policies through the personal accounts of asylum seekers and whistle-blowers who worked in the system.
Chasing Asylum is a film about places you are not allowed to go to and people you are not allowed to talk to. Eva Orner, filmmaker
Like 30 percent of Australians, I am first generation. My Jewish parents were born in 1937 in Poland. Three of my grandparents perished in the Holocaust. My maternal grandmother Eva, after who I am named, was gassed at Treblinka before her 30th birthday. It is somewhat miraculous that my parents survived.
My parents were fortunate to be allowed to come to Australia in the 1950s as immigrants and, as a result, I have had a wonderful life here, receiving a great education and living free from persecution.
My family history has informed a lot of my work. I felt the need to expose the actions of the Australian government in Manus and Nauru to Australians and the rest of the world.
Under the offshore detention policy, people trying to reach Australia by boat are locked up indefinitely in remote detention centres. There is a strict secrecy policy: no journalists, filmmakers or cameras are allowed in the camps.
Despite some excellent print journalism detailing life in the camps, I felt the Australian public and the world needed to see images from inside. We needed to bear witness.
We managed to secretly film inside the Australian government's detention centres on Manus Island and Nauru in a way no one had previously. I am often asked about the whistle-blowers who appear in the film. Some of them have their identities masked.
READ MORE: Australia to pay $53m to Manus Island asylum seekers
When whistle-blowing became a criminal act
In July 2015, while we were still filming, the Australian Border Force Act came into effect.
Hidden away in the Act is legislation which states that any government employee or anyone employed by an agency working on Manus or Nauru risks going to prison for up to two years if they disclose anything to the public about what they have seen there.
It means that if a social worker on Nauru discusses the abuses that have occurred there, he or she runs the risk of going to prison.
Because of the risk posed by this legislation, I am very limited in what I can say about the whistle-blowers who spoke to me. What I can say is that they are heroes and their acts of bravery should be recognised. I couldn't have made the film without them.
On August 14, 2017, facing another High Court challenge, the Australian government announced it will amend the whistle-blower legislation in the Border Force Act, so it will no longer be a criminal act with up to two years jail time for people who speak out about what is happening in offshore detention centres.
The legislation is said to be retrospective, but until the legislation is passed, our lawyers advise us to remain silent about the identities of our anonymous whistle-blowers.
Despite the film screening theatrically across Australia for four months to large audiences and winning best feature documentary at the ACCTA Awards (Australia's Academy Awards) no Australian broadcaster has screened the film on national television.
Justice undelivered
We know from Chasing Asylum about the murders, the deaths caused by inadequate medical attention, the rapes, the beatings, the suicides, the illnesses, and the record levels of self-harm that hang thickly in the air, dominating these places.
But the court case that was due to start this past June was to be something different.
For the first time, an Australian court had lifted the secrecy provisions of the Border Force Act. This allowed witnesses to come forward - including guards, doctors and welfare workers - and tell the truth. More than 70 whistle-blowers were expected to testify. They could do so without the threat of imprisonment faced by the people who were featured in the film.
The hearing, scheduled to run for six months, would have been a full-blown legal inquiry into Manus and the failures of the government's detention policies, with painful stories being told not by politicians or refugee activists but by professionals and reported daily in Australian newspapers and on Australian television screens.
The Australian government is in the process of closing Manus and transporting the refugees to a transit centre in Papua New Guinea (PNG).
But refugees are refusing to leave: they haven't been offered resettlement in other countries and claim they are unsafe in PNG.
In late July, three men were attacked - two of them with machetes - in separate robberies over the course of one weekend.
In October 2016, the outgoing Obama administration brokered a deal with the Australian government through which many of the asylum seekers on Manus and Nauru with refugee status would be resettled in the US. But the election of a Trump administration stalled the agreement.
Officers from the Department of Homeland Security have interviewed refugees on Manus Island and Nauru but to date, none have been resettled.
I believe the centres on Manus and Nauru must be shut down and anyone who has been found to be a refugee (believed to be about 80 percent of detainees) but is not accepted into the US under the resettlement deal must be given the chance to settle, in safety at last, in Australia. And I believe this must happen quickly.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policies.
09:15–10:15
Session 1: Opening Keynote
Session Chair: Kazue Sako
Yassir Nawaz
Executive Director, JPMorgan Chase & Co. Blockchain and Cryptography at JPMorgan Chase An overview of JPMorgan's efforts to build a world class enterprise focused blockchain platform. The goal was to create a platform that is open source and free to use but also satisfies financial regulators, can be governed easily, and preserves privacy. This was achieved via Quorum, which is an enterprise focused version of Ethereum. Quorum is designed for applications requiring high speed and high throughput processing of private transactions within a permissioned group of known participants. A few research areas related to blockchain and cryptography that are of practical interest to JPMorgan will also be highlighted. Yassir Nawaz is an Executive Director and a Distinguished Engineer in Global Cybersecurity at JPMorgan Chase (JPMC). He chairs the JPMC Cryptography Center of Excellence and helps drive security strategy and architecture for cloud, applications, and big data. Prior to joining JPMorgan he worked as a Technology Fellow at Pitney Bowes Advanced Technology Labs where he led the security and privacy research for the firm and helped develop several security platforms. He has filed 10 patents (5 granted) and published 10 technical papers in the area of digital privacy and security. He holds a Ph.D. in Cryptography & Information Security from University of Waterloo, Canada.
As an Earthling, it's easy to believe that we're standing still. After all, we don't feel any movement in our surroundings. But when you look at the sky, you can see evidence that we are moving.
Some of the earliest astronomers proposed that we live in a geocentric universe, which means that Earth is at the center of everything. They said the sun rotated around us, which caused sunrises and sunsets — same for the movements of the moon and the planets. But there were certain things that didn't work with this vision. Sometimes, a planet would back up in the sky before resuming its forward motion.
We know now that this motion — which is called retrograde motion — happens when Earth is "catching up" with another planet in its orbit. For example, Mars orbits farther from the sun than Earth. At one point in the respective orbits of Earth and Mars, we catch up to the Red Planet and pass it by. As we pass by it, the planet moves backward in the sky. Then it moves forward again after we have passed.
Another piece of evidence for the sun-centered solar system comes from looking at parallax, or apparent change in the position of the stars with respect to each other. For a simple example of parallax, hold up your index finger in front of your face at arm's length. Look at it with your left eye only, closing your right eye. Then close your right eye, and look at the finger with your left. The finger's apparent position changes. That's because your left and right eyes are looking at the finger with slightly different angles.
The same thing happens on Earth when we look at stars. It takes about 365 days for us to orbit the sun. If we look at a star (located relatively close to us) in the summer, and look at it again in the winter, its apparent position in the sky changes because we are at different points in our orbit. We see the star from different vantage points. With a bit of simple calculation, using parallax we can also figure out the distance to that star.
How fast are we spinning?
Earth's spin is constant, but the speed depends on what latitude you are located at. Here's an example. The circumference (distance around the largest part of the Earth) is roughly 24,898 miles (40,070 kilometers), according to NASA. (This area is also called the equator.) If you estimate that a day is 24 hours long, you divide the circumference by the length of the day. This produces a speed at the equator of about 1,037 mph (1,670 km/h).
You won't be moving quite as fast at other latitudes, however. If we move halfway up the globe to 45 degrees in latitude (either north or south), you calculate the speed by using the cosine (a trigonometric function) of the latitude. A good scientific calculator should have a cosine function available if you don't know how to calculate it. The cosine of 45 is 0.707, so the spin speed at 45 degrees is roughly 0.707 x 1037 = 733 mph (1,180 km/h). That speed decreases more as you go farther north or south. By the time you get to the North or South poles, your spin is very slow indeed — it takes an entire day to spin in place.
Space agencies love to take advantage of Earth's spin. If they're sending humans to the International Space Station, for example, the preferred location to do so is close to the equator. That's why cargo missions to the International Space Station, for example, launch from Florida. By doing so and launching in the same direction as Earth's spin, rockets get a speed boost to help them fly into space.
How fast does Earth orbit the sun?
Earth's spin, of course, is not the only motion we have in space. Our orbital speed around the sun is about 67,000 mph (107,000 km/h), according to Cornell. We can calculate that with basic geometry.
First, we have to figure out how far Earth travels. Earth takes about 365 days to orbit the sun. The orbit is an ellipse, but to make the math simpler, let's say it's a circle. So, Earth's orbit is the circumference of a circle. The distance from Earth to the sun — called an astronomical unit— is 92,955,807 miles (149,597,870 kilometers), according to the International Astronomers Union. That is the radius (r). The circumference of a circle is equal to 2 x π x r. So in one year, Earth travels about 584 million miles (940 million km).
Since speed is equal to the distance traveled over the time taken, Earth's speed is calculated by dividing 584 million miles (940 million km) by­­ 365.25 days and dividing that result by 24 hours to get miles per hour or km per hour. So, Earth travels about 1.6 million miles (2.6 million km) a day, or 66,627 mph (107,226 km/h).
Sun and galaxy move, too
The sun has an orbit of its own in the Milky Way. The sun is about 25,000 light-years from the center of the galaxy, and the Milky Way is at least 100,000 light-years across. We are thought to be about halfway out from the center, according to Stanford University. The sun and the solar system appear to be moving at 200 kilometers per second, or at an average speed of 448,000 mph (720,000 km/h). Even at this rapid speed, the solar system would take about 230 million years to travel all the way around the Milky Way.
The Milky Way, too, moves in space relative to other galaxies. In about 4 billion years, the Milky Way will collide with its nearest neighbor, the Andromeda Galaxy. The two are rushing toward each other at about 70 miles per second (112 km per second).
Everything in the universe is, therefore, in motion.
What would happen if Earth stopped spinning?
There is no chance that you'll be flung off to space right now, because the Earth's gravity is so strong compared to its spinning motion. (This latter motion is called centripetal acceleration.) At its strongest point, which is at the equator, centripetal acceleration only counteracts Earth's gravity by about 0.3 percent. In other words, you don't even notice it, although you will weigh slightly less at the equator than at the poles.
NASA says the probability for Earth stopping its spin is "practically zero" for the next few billion years. Theoretically, however, if the Earth did stop moving suddenly, there would be an awful effect. The atmosphere would still be moving at the original speed of the Earth's rotation. This means that everything would be swept off of land, including people, buildings and even trees, topsoil and rocks, NASA added.
What if the process was more gradual? This is the more likely scenario over billions of years, NASA said, because the sun and the moon are tugging on Earth's spin. That would give plenty of time for humans, animals and plants to get used to the change. By the laws of physics, the slowest the Earth could slow its spin would be 1 rotation every 365 days. That situation is called "sun synchronous" and would force one side of our planet to always face the sun, and the other side to permanently face away. By comparison: Earth's moon is already in an Earth-synchronous rotation where one side of the moon always faces us, and the other side opposite to us.
But back to the no-spin scenario for a second: There would be some other weird effects if the Earth stopped spinning completely, NASA said. For one, the magnetic field would presumably disappear because it is thought to be generated in part by a spin. We'd lose our colorful auroras, and the Van Allen radiation belts surrounding Earth would probably disappear, too. Then Earth would be naked against the fury of the sun. Every time it sent a coronal mass ejection (charged particles) toward Earth, it would hit the surface and bathe everything in radiation. "This is a significant biohazard," NASA said.
Additional resources
8 Warning Signs You Are Wasting Your Life And Don't Even Realize It
8 Warning Signs You Are Wasting Your Life And Don't Even Realize It
This article was written by Ivan Chan! Give him a warm welcome to Self Stairway in the comments and let him know you enjoyed his article.
Deep down, you know your life is meant to be something more.
So you can't help but wonder:
“Is this all there is to look forward to in life?”
At first, it's just idle curiosity. But over time, that innocent little thought starts nagging — starts making you doubt what you're doing in life. Just a little at first, and then slowly your doubt spreads. Like a disease, it contaminates all other thoughts and makes you question them too.
No longer are you so sure about what you're doing, or the choices you've made, or where your life is heading.
One moment, you thought you were doing OK in life. And then the next, you are desperately trying to shake this scary thought from your head:
“What if my whole life is a waste?”
Not wasted in the dramatic sense like committing a crime and spending the rest of your life in prison. Instead, it is the insidious wasting of a life that takes place over years with many seemingly small, harmless habits and decisions. I came to realize the process of wasting your life is slow and doesn't happen overnight, but the results are devastating.
During college, I thought the world was my oyster. I was always pushing my limits to see where I could go next. Run for leadership positions in students' clubs and win? Check. Get sponsored to go on international conferences for free? Yep. Study and live in Japan? Been there, done that.
Fast-forward a few years, and I had “settled down.” You know, the whole 9 to 5, Monday to Friday, office routine. On top of that, I had my chill-out-after-work-in-front-of-the-TV routine. Sure, I still went out with friends, but I couldn't help but feel my life was reduced to nothing more than a boring rerun.
Day in and day out, it was the same thing over and over again.
And then it hit me: I'm just “putting in time” now, waiting for something better to happen in life. If that's not wasting my life, I don't know what is.
Could the same thing be happening to you? Are you wasting your life?
Most people don't recognize these “harmless” routines they may have fallen into, so they go about their lives as if nothing bad is happening. But these routines are lethal in their tendency to waste lives if left unchecked. People often don't realize what's happening until it's too late.
So unless you learn to put them into reverse now, you could very well look back on your life with regret.
How to Tell If You Are Wasting Your Life:
“Good enough” has become the new standard. You don't try hard anymore. You don't try new things anymore. You are merely content with the status quo.
Being content with what you have is fine, but make sure you don't confuse “being content” with “settling for less” because you are too scared/lazy/tired to go for what you want. Life is too short to play small. You don't want to waste yours.
You think work is the only thing that matters. Most adults spend the majority of their waking hours working. While that may be true, that doesn't mean your work should consume ALL of your waking hours.
Spend time with your friends and family. Enjoy your hobbies. Go on a new adventure. Work to live; don't live to work.
You're always chasing the latest toy. Can't live without that latest cell phone, luxury car, or new line of clothes that just came out? We all have weaknesses. But if you're always chasing after material things, you should ask yourself why.
Could chasing toys be a reflection of your unhappiness and yearning for something more in life?
Television is your best friend. According to a recent study published by Nielsen, Americans on average spend over 30 hours a week watching TV. That's over 4 hours a day.
Maybe you should spend some of that time with friends and loved ones instead. Otherwise, you may very well die alone. Sounds extreme, I know, but it's your life we're trying to save from being wasted here.
You often escape into a fantasy world. For a brief time, you get to leave your current existence and experience something else entirely different, but you should never replace living with mere fantasizing. Live your dreams instead.
Do you even remember what they are? Are you following them now or are you merely living someone else's dreams?
You always have a reason not to take action. Isn't it funny how some people say they want something, but never actually take ACTION to make it happen? Maybe it's saying they want to travel, or get a new job, or find a new boyfriend/girlfriend. But as soon as they say they want something, they sabotage their own plans by giving an endless list of excuses why it wouldn't work.
Always remember that inaction gets you nowhere in life except to a place filled with regret.
You often find yourself reliving the past. Ah, the “good old days”. You may have heard your elders use such language. Your elders may not be going on new adventures as often as they did in the past, but what about you?
Are you really content with spending your waking hours reliving the good old days while others actually go and live new adventures
You let others tell you how to live. Plenty of people will enter your life – well-intentioned or not – who try to tell you how to live your life. Will you listen? Thinking it through would be a good first step for you. It's your life and you only get one chance to live, so don't waste it by living dependently on the commands of others.
The Choice Is Yours
What would you regret more? Would it be enjoying life fully or dragging yourself through each day and wasting your life? Reaching for your dreams, or complaining about what could have been but never was? Walking the path that you've chosen for yourself, or walking someone else's path just because you were told?
A life that could have been but never was is effectively a wasted life.
You deserve more so here's your chance.
No one knows what tomorrow will bring, but you have a choice today. That choice will be something you either look back on fondly, or do so with deep regret in your heart instead.
I, for one, have chosen to live life on my own terms. No more boring reruns. No more self-defeating excuses. No more wasting time.
Today is the start of a new adventure.
What are you waiting for?
Join me!
CLOSE Police: Man killed from gunshot on West Pensacola Street
Buy Photo Photo from the crime scene (Photo: Sean Rossman/Democrat)Buy Photo
Update: 4:52 p.m.
The victim in the fatal shooting this morning on West Pensacola Street has been identified as Manuel A. Camareno, 25, according to Tallahassee Police Department spokesman Officer David Northway.
Police continue to investigate the shooting and no arrests have been made, but investigators believe all parties involved in the case are in custody, Northway said.
TPD is asking anyone with information about this case to call them at 891-4200 or Crime Stoppers at 574-8477.
7:35 a.m. update
Tallahassee Police officers were called to a shooting at the Palms West apartments on West Pensacola Street at White Drive this morning and found a man dead from a gunshot wound, according to Officer David Northway, spokesman for the Tallahassee Police Department.
Officers and emergency crews arrived on scene after getting about 5 a.m. saying there were gunshots in the area, Northway said this morning. Police have not released any informaiton on suspects or the circumstances surrounding the man's fatal shooting.
Police haven't identified the man and are waiting on verification of his identity from next of kin.
The apartment complex was full of pollice activity this morning, as its residents tried to get started with their day.
Crime scene and homicide investigators were milling around the complex's back building for several hours this morning, collecting evidence and speaking with witnesses. Northway, however, was not able to confirm where the shooting took place.
Anyone with information on this case can call TPD at 891-4200 or Crime Stoppers 574-8477.
Northway said police think they have all of the people involved in the shooting. Some are in custody and some are being interviewed.
"We do not have a reason to believe that there is a threat to the community," he said. "We do beleive that we have all of the people who were involved. Either we're interviewing them, they're in custody."
6:40 a.m. update
Tallahassee Police Department officers are currently working a crime scene at the Palms West apartment complex on West Pensacola Street at White Drive.
Police haven't released any details at this time, but they have set up crime scene tape around one of the complex's buildings in the back.
Please check back with Tallahassee.com for more information.
Read or Share this story: http://on.tdo.com/1tAUcK6
Selahattin Demirtas, co-chairman of the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP), talks to the media before casting his ballot at a polling station during a general election in Istanbul, Turkey November 1, 2015. REUTERS/Osman Orsalâ
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu accused the head of Turkey's pro-Kurdish opposition party of treason on Thursday for using a trip to Moscow to condemn Ankara's shooting down of a Russian warplane over Syria.
Selahattin Demirtas, co-head of the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP), met foreign minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow on Wednesday and criticized Ankara for shooting down the warplane near the border with Syria last month. Moscow denies it had entered Turkish airspace.
“They take sides with whoever Turkey is facing a crisis with. Demirtas saying in Moscow that Turkey's downing of Russian jet was wrong is a total disgrace and treason,” Davutoglu told a meeting of businessmen in Ankara.
“Our main duty is to raise our voice against Russian cruelty. Supporting Russia while it kills civilians in Syria is treason not only against this country, but also against humanity.”
Kurdish politicians have accused Ankara of focusing military efforts on Kurdish militia in Iraq and Syria and failing to take up the fight with Islamic State.
Russia, which imposed economic sanctions on Turkey after the Nov. 24 incident, has sharply criticized President Tayyip Erdoğan. It would be keenly aware of the sensitivity of Ankara to any contacts between Moscow and Kurdish politicians.
Erdoğan has accused the HDP, the second-largest opposition party in Turkey's parliament, of connections with armed Kurdish rebels fighting in Turkey's southeast.
Lavrov told Demirtas Russia was ready to cooperate closely with ethnic Kurds fighting against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria.
(This version of the story corrects day in first paragraph to Thursday, not Friday)
A group representing Flemish Jews said that the vehicular attack in France was shocking to Westerners because their media has willfully ignored a spate of car-ramming attacks in Israel.
The Flemish Region's Forum of Jewish Organizations issued its unusual statement Friday about the July 14 assault in the southern French city. As many as 84 people were killed when a driver plowed his truck through a crowded promenade during the national Bastille Day holiday, in an apparent terrorist attack.
Many European Jewish groups are critical of their media's coverage of Israel but mainstream organizations like the Forum rarely reference this in commenting about terrorist attacks in Europe.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“It is inaccurate to say, as we have heard said many times after the Nice attack, that car ramming is a new phenomenon,” the Forum wrote. “By ignoring this method of terrorism in Israel – some believe because of political correctness – one is, regrettably, confronted in a horrific manner with reality.”
The statement featured a caricature of a man holding a sword that is sticking into his torso, which is shaped like the map of France, while kneeling with the Eiffel Tower in the background. The sword is labelled “political correctness.”
As the representative body of the Jewish communities of the Flemish Region – one of three autonomous states that make up the federal kingdom of Belgium – the Forum speaks for half of the country's Jewish population.
The organization representing Belgium's French-speaking Jews, CCOJB, made no reference to Israel in its statement about the Nice attack, following which CCOJB expressed its solidarity with France and its condolences to the victims' families.
CRIF, the umbrella group of French Jewish communities, made passing reference to Israel in its condemnation of the attack. “The terrorists have the same objectives in Paris, Nice, Brussels, Istanbul, Jerusalem, Tel Aviv and around the world,” CRIF wrote. The Board of Deputies of British Jews wrote in its statement: “We know only too well of this kind of attack because of its repeated use in Israel.”
In Spain, the ACOM lobby group for Israel noted in its statement that “the model used in France is a lethal technique constantly used by Palestinian terrorists against the Israeli people.” But FCJE, Spanish Jewry's representative umbrella group, made no mention of Israel in its statement, which spoke of “Islamic terrorism that once again attacks” the Western way of life.
Since January 2015, the Israel Security Agency recorded at least 34 car-ramming attacks by Palestinian terrorists in Israel led to the death of three victims and injured at least 77 people.
Ramming attacks in 2015 were responsible for the second highest number of injured, after 114 people who were stabbed and 39 victims wounded in shooting attacks. It was the third deadliest method employed by terrorists, after shooting and stabbing, according to the agency.
Aliza Ben-Noun, Israel's ambassador to France, did not draw parallels between the attack in Nice and attacks in her native country in a statement she posted on Twitter. “Horrified by the Nice attack. Israel stands with the French People and their pain and is ready to help France combat terrorism,” she wrote.
A burgeoning regional catfight over multi-billion-dollar naval contracts has entered a new phase, with Vancouver-based Seaspan joining the fray alongside Halifax-based Irving Shipbuilding to persuade the Liberal government to scuttle a plan by Quebec's Davie Shipyard to provide urgently needed supply capacity to the Royal Canadian Navy.
“We are frustrated by incorrect information being used by Davie to represent their interim solution as being in any way a surrogate for JSS (Joint Support Ships),” reads a Nov. 23 letter to Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, obtained by the National Post, from Seaspan chief executive Jonathan Whitworth. “Unlike the Davie option, the JSS is intended as a full-spectrum, combat-support capability, able to sail as an integral part of the RCN fleet into harm's way.”
Davie's proposal, approved in the waning days of the former Conservative government, was to refurbish a commercial tanker to serve as a naval oiler and supply ship, at an estimated cost of $400-million over seven years, not including the cost of crew and other ancillaries.
The vessel was to serve on lease to the Navy as a gap-filler — both Canada's former supply ships having rusted out — until new ships can be built by Seaspan, at a projected cost of more than $2-billion, as part of the National Shipbuilding Procurement Strategy. That completion date is years away, at best.
Work on Davie's stop-gap tanker was already under way when, late last week, the Liberal cabinet called a pause, after receiving a letter requesting this from James D. Irving, chief executive of Irving Shipbuilding Inc.
Hundreds of workers at Davie's yard in Lévis, Que., on the banks of the Saint Lawrence, now face imminent layoff, pending the expiry of a letter of intent between Davie and the federal government at the end of this month. Should the deadline pass with no resumption of work, the government will forfeit an $89-milion break fee.
Both Irving and Seaspan are now advancing interim options of their own, arguing the Davie deal was never subjected to a formal competitive bidding process. Though that is technically true, it appears there was a lengthy consultation with industry, including Irving and Seaspan, before Davie eventually got the nod.
Industry sources say there has been a protracted behind-the-scenes lobbying effort by Davie's competitors to freeze the Quebec yard out of any share of the massive $34-billion rebuild of the Navy and Coast Guard that was announced by the Harper Conservatives in the fall of 2011. Irving received the lion's share of that bonanza, some $26-billion worth; Seaspan, $8-billion worth.
It's one of the many brutal skirmishes in a long-running war between the river yard and the East Coast yard
“It's one of the many brutal skirmishes in a long-running war between the river yard and the East Coast yard,” said one veteran observer of Ottawa's byzantine military procurements system.
Asked about this at a news conference with provincial premiers in Ottawa late Monday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau suggested in French it was about cleaning up the previous government's messes, but added consideration would be given to preserving jobs — an apparent signal the contract may eventually proceed.
At the same news conference, Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard praised Mr. Trudeau's leadership at length – another possible signal that the two had reached some kind of accommodation to ensure Davie ultimately retains the work. In remarks to media last week, Mr. Couillard said flatly that Quebec will not accept any option other than that the previous government's commitments to Davie be upheld.
Aug 17, 2017 Altcoins • Ethereum • ICO • Research • 1
One of the latest startups to emerge, 0x (ZRX), has raised $24Mn in funding from their initial coin offering on August 15th, 2017. According to the 0x team, 12,000 backers helped reach the $24Mn hard-cap within 24 hours. The ICO attracted participation from venture capitalist firms such as Blockchain Capital & FBG Capital, which we're issued discounted tokens for early contribution.
What is Protocol 0x?
The 0x (zero-x) startup aims to be a decentralized exchange for trading ERC20 tokens directly between people on the Ethereum blockchain. The protocol is designed to act as a common building block & open standard for Decentralized Applications (dApps). This allows for interoperability between dApps that offer functionality similar to an exchange. Any dApp can hook into a system of publicly accessible, free to use Ethereum Smart Contracts and execute trades between peers. For example, when a user broadcasts an order, the protocol can allow anyone to act as an exchange, maintain a public or private ledger and charge transaction fees based on the resulting volume.
Diving deeper into 0x: An open protocol for decentralized exchange on the Ethereum Blockchain
You can learn about the various features the 0x protocol has to offer by reading their whitepaper. The protocol has seen participation from a few notable names in the cryptocurrency industry. Here are some of the latest projects being built on the 0x Protocol:
Token Sale Details:
On August 9th registration opened to participate in the ICO. Registrants had to utilize the Civic application to authenticate & verify their identities before being able to contribute and get ZRX tokens. A total of 1Bn tokens were available and of that 1Bn, 50% was issued to ICO participants during the token sale. The Token sale ended on August 15th, 2017, after reaching their $24Mn hard cap.
We'd love to hear your thoughts on Protocol 0x, so please let us know in the comments below.
Sources:
0x Project Token Sale
0x Project Token Sale Registration Details
0x Project Official Website
0x Project Whitepaper
You may also like to read: Civic is Disrupting the Identity Verification Industry
Sharing is Caring
Disclaimer: CryptoCanucks.com is not intended to provide tax, legal or investment advice, and nothing on CryptoCanucks.com should be construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any asset by CryptoCanucks.com or any third party. You alone are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, asset or strategy, or any other product or service, is appropriate or suitable for you based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation. You should consult an attorney or tax professional regarding your specific legal or tax situation.
A pair of balanced attacks go head-to-head as Mahtomedi takes its high-powered offense on the road to face a surprising Simley team in Metro East Conference action.
The Zephyrs (5-0, 1-0) are ranked No. 2 in the latest coaches poll, and a key to Mahtomedi's success is Matt Schwartz (11-13-24). The senior attacker is tied for the state lead in assists and has fueled an offensive led by senior attacker Connor Lawless, who is tied for the state lead in goals with 21.
​The Spartans were handed their first defeat of the season on April 29, losing 9-8 to Metro East foe Hastings. The Simley offense has not been held under seven goals this season, powered by junior attacker Carson Schwark (13-6-19), and is one reason the Spartans (4-1, 1-1) have equaled their previous record for regular-season victories just five games into the schedule.
Simley can set a new mark of five wins on Tuesday when it welcomes Mahtomedi for a matchup that is our Top Game of the Week.
Back in March we initiated our Pre-Launch Guild Program, where members of the Star Wars™: The Old Republic™ community could search for already established guilds or register one of their very own through the Guild Headquarters page. We are thrilled to announce that we have begun the second phase of our Pre-Launch Guild Program!
With Phase 2: Alignment, we are introducing new features which allow guilds to set their allegiance with other guilds in The Old Republic. Now a guild leader, along with members who have the proper permissions, can select up to three guilds as either Allies or Adversaries, depending on their faction affiliation. Qualifying guilds that are marked as Allies and Adversaries of other guilds will have the highest chance of being placed in the game together, allowing these guilds to coexist on the same server.
Another feature being implemented with Phase 2 is the ability for guild leaders and members with the proper permissions to invite friends to join their guild via email. You can start recruiting new members today!
To learn more about guilds in The Old Republic, check out the Guilds Game System page for details, and to search for or join a guild, visit the Guild HQ now! Also be sure to visit the Guilds FAQ for answers to commonly asked questions.
Discuss this article
The incident occurred after 10pm on Tuesday, when the World Music Day festival was in full swing across France.
Perhaps on the way home from one of the countless (and often boozy) parties for the occasion, a woman in southwestern France's Angoulême crashed her car into a roundabout.
Witnesses reported that the woman, who was in her 50's, emerged from the vehicle apparently unhurt but extremely tipsy, the local Charente Libre newspaper reported.
Then, claiming that she was "getting hot" as police arrived, the woman reportedly began to remove her clothes in what onlookers described as a striptease.
When police asked her to blow into a breathalyzer, the woman pretended she wasn't able to, the paper reported, prompting police to haul her in to the station where she spent the night.
The CHEKA (sometimes called VeCHEKA) was the much-feared Bolshevik secret police – though to most Russians the CHEKA was no secret. The CHEKA was formed in the wake of the October 1917 revolution, established as a small agency to investigate and deal with threats to the new regime. It was to be the “sword and shield of the revolution”, defending the Soviet regime by attacking its enemies within. But as opposition to the new regime grew through 1918 so too did the size and scope of the CHEKA. Led by Felix Dzerzhinsky, a fanatical Bolshevik and ruthless operator cut from a similar mould as Lenin, the CHEKA ballooned from a couple of hundred investigators to a bureaucratic and paramilitary behemoth, containing more than 100,000 agents. More significantly, the CHEKA operated outside the rule of law. It acted of its own accord, investigated and arrested whoever it chose, and answered to no one. The CHEKA became a model for 20th century secret police agencies in totalitarian states, including the Gestapo (Nazi Germany), the Stasi (East Germany) and the KGB (Soviet Russia).
Like most significant aspects of the new regime, the CHEKA began with a decree from Lenin and Sovnarkom, dated December 19th 1917. The decree ordered the formation of the All-Russian Extraordinary Commission for Combating Counter-Revolution and Sabotage. The name CHEKA was an abbreviated form of Chrezvychainaia Komissiia, the Russian for ‘Extraordinary Commission'. The CHEKA's directive was to “persecute and break up all acts of counter-revolution and sabotage all over Russia, no matter what their origin”; to “bring before the Revolutionary Tribunal all counter-revolutionaries and saboteurs and to work out a plan for fighting them”; and to “make preliminary investigation only, enough to break up [counter-revolutionary acts]”. A week later, the phrase “combating profiteering” was also added to the CHEKA's formal title. The decree forming the CHEKA was broadly worded and contained few specific instructions about how it should operate. Lenin preferred to leave the CHEKA's operational details and methods to the man he chose to lead it: Felix Dzerzhinksy.
Dzerzhinksy, like Lenin, had devoted his life to the Bolshevik cause. Born in Poland in 1877, Dzerzhinsky's family were wealthy landed gentry with claims to a noble title, making him a most unlikely radical. Yet by the mid-1890s he was involved in Marxist political groups in the Baltic, before joining Lenin's Bolshevik faction in 1906. Dzerzhinksy spent more than a decade in prisons and labour camps before his release during the 1917 amnesty. In the lead up to the October Revolution, he became one of Lenin's most trusted lieutenants. According to Louise Bryant, Dzerzhinsky adored Lenin and was “shy, aloof and deeply puritanical” – but he was also ruthless and dispassionate, hardened by years of abuse and persecution. “One feels he can neither understand nor forgive moral weaknesses in others, since he himself possesses that fanatical devotion which has made it possible for him to travel the hard, bitter road where his ideals lead”, Bryant wrote. Dzerzhinsky's incorruptible fanaticism and hard-heartedness earned him the epithets ‘Iron Felix' and the ‘Iron Count'.
The CHEKA became the embodiment of Dzerzhinsky's ruthlessness, just as the Bolsheviks had become the embodiment of Lenin's obsessive impatience for revolution. On receiving the decree Dzerzhinsky began hand-picking Bolsheviks he knew could be trusted for the difficult task of securing the revolution: men who were neither corruptible nor squeamish. At first, the CHEKA was small and its operations were limited. By early March 1918, there were only 120 Chekists (CHEKA agents). But increased anti-Bolshevik activity, the onset of the Civil War, the failed Left SR uprising of July 1918 and the assassination attempt on Lenin the following month saw the ranks of the CHEKA grow exponentially. Given a virtual blank cheque by Lenin, Dzerzhinsky ordered the recruitment of thousands of new agents. He also organised CHEKA paramilitary units, which by the autumn of 1918 numbered 33 battalions and more than 20,000 men. By 1919 the CHEKA employed more than 100,000 people and was one of the largest and best-funded agencies of the Soviet state.
“Its original mandate was to root out the regime's enemies: the counter-revolutionaries and saboteurs, enemy agents and speculators. In doing so, driven by revolutionary fervour and unrestrained by law, by 1922 the Cheka had penetrated virtually every area of life in Soviet Russia. It was active in assuring the food supply, in maintaining transport, in policing the Red Army and Navy, in monitoring the schools, and in ensuring that industries continued to function and deliver essential material to the state. It hunted down speculators and hoarders, sometimes cordoning off entire neighbourhoods during its massive operations. It surrounded villages and short peasants resisting the forced requisitions of grain, often leaving the peasants who remained alive without enough to eat. It even suppressed strikes by factory workers, the presumed rulers of the ‘workers' state'.”
Michael Kort, historian
During its four year lifespan, the CHEKA carried out arrests, interrogations, executions and campaigns entirely of its own accord. Dzerzhinsky was technically accountable to Sovnarkom but only reported CHEKA operations after they had taken place. In 1918 the CHEKA came into conflict with the Commissariat of Justice, which demanded to be notified before the arrest of suspects. This infuriated Dzerzhinsky, who queried how it was possible for him to “crush counter-revolution with legal niceties”. Lenin subsequently altered Soviet regulations so that the CHEKA was required to notify the Commissariat of an arrest or execution after it had happened, rather than before. From that point, the CHEKA was never restricted by the rule of law or any obligation to due process or the rights of suspects. Chekists operated as investigators, arresting authorities, interrogators, prosecutors, judges, juries and executioners.
With this free rein, the CHEKA was able to persecute, detain, torture and summarily execute thousands of suspected spies, tsarists, counter-revolutionaries, kulaks, black marketeers and other ‘enemies of the state'. While the CHEKA's methods drew on those used by the Okhrana, its size and willingness to use extra-legal killing soon surpassed the activities of the former tsarist security police. In its first two years, the CHEKA executed 900 people suspected of trading on the black market; another 600 bureaucrats were executed for “economic crimes”, mostly taking bribes. Official government figures suggest that just over 12,000 people were killed by Chekists in 1918-20. Some historians suggest that 200,000 or more are more realistic figures. Dzerzhinsky neither denied nor retreated from the CHEKA's brutal role, declaring that “we stand for organised terror, terror being absolutely indispensable in the current revolutionary conditions”.
CHEKA agents also developed inventive but ghastly means of torture and psychological torment by which they extracted information or simply created a public deterrent. Written records of these methods were not kept so they are only anecdotally known, and possibly prone to exaggeration or falsification. According to historian Edward Peters, some of the torture methods employed by the CHEKA included beating, burning, branding and scalping. Alexander Solzhenitsyn writes that some CHEKA victims were force-fed large amounts of salted fish – but were prevented from drinking water. Other CHEKA methods are described by historian Orlando Figes in his book A People's Tragedy:
The ingenuity of the Cheka's torture methods was matched only by the Spanish Inquisition. Each local Cheka had its own speciality. In Kharkov they went in for the ‘glove trick' – burning the victim's hands in boiling water until the blistered skin could be peeled off: this left the victims with raw and bleeding hands and their torturers with ‘human gloves'. The Tsaritsyn Cheka sawed its victims' bones in half. In Voronezh, they rolled their naked victims in nail-studded barrels. In Armavir, they crushed their skulls by tightening a leather strap with an iron bolt around their head. In Kiev, they affixed a cage with rats to the victim's torso and heated it so that the enraged rats ate their way through the victim's guts in an effort to escape. In Odessa, they chained their victims to planks and pushed them slowly into a furnace or a tank of boiling water. A favourite winter torture was to pour water on the naked victims until they became living ice statues.
The CHEKA is often described as the ‘Bolshevik secret police' but in reality, only some of its operations were secretive or concealed. The existence and activities of the CHEKA were widely known and many of its operations were conducted openly and publicly. Though CHEKA agents had no standard uniform, most wore long leather coats and could be easily identified. All this was purposely done: to show Russians that the CHEKA was everywhere and could deal swiftly with those who betrayed or opposed the Bolshevik regime. Some CHEKA killings were carried out more for public effect than any political purpose. In 1918 CHEKA agents appeared in the audience of a Moscow circus and began shooting after one of its clowns, Bim Bom, made fun of the Bolsheviks and their leaders. Another example of this public gesturing was Lenin's famous order to the Penza CHEKA to hang at least 100 men, “and make sure that the hanging takes place in full view of the people”.
1. The CHEKA was the Bolshevik security force or secret police. It was formed by Vladimir Lenin in a December 1917 decree and charged with identifying and dealing with potential counter-revolutionaries.
2. The CHEKA was headed by Feliz Dzerzhinsky, a Bolshevik of Polish extraction. Dzerzhinsky was loyal to the point of fanaticism and had been hardened by years of imprisonment.
3. Initially very small with just a couple of hundred agents, the CHEKA grew rapidly during the turmoil and growing opposition of 1918. Within two years it had more than 100,000 employees.
4. CHEKA agents operated on their own accord, carrying out arrests, detention and executions. The CHEKA was not accountable to judges or courts and there was no legal oversight of its operations.
5. The CHEKA routinely used extra-legal violence and torture. This was sometimes done publicly, in order to provide a deterrent to those who might oppose the regime.
© Alpha History 2014. Content on this page may not be republished or distributed without permission. For more information please refer to our Terms of Use.
This page was written by Jennifer Llewellyn, John Rae and Steve Thompson. To reference this page, use the following citation:
J. Llewellyn et al, “The CHEKA” at Alpha History, https://alphahistory.com/russianrevolution/cheka/, 2014, accessed [date of last access].
As a genre of entertainment, soap operas are often dismissed as the stuff of the masses, and disregarded as amusement for women and the working class. New research, however, suggests that soap operas possess a unique ability to mediate how people absorb new content. New developments in the way whole nations watch soap operas also suggest that the entertainment medium could even highlight a new direction for globalization, in general.
For years, Latin America has been the world's quintessential producer and exporter of soap operas, enjoying commercial success both inside and outside the region. Things are changing, however, and Latin America also now imports several popular foreign soap operas, such as the Turkish melodrama One Thousand and One Nights.
The series stars a widowed architect with an ill child, Sherezade Eviyaoglu, who agrees to spend one night with her multimillionaire boss, Onour Aksal, to earn the money to pay for her child's medical treatment. The two ultimately fall in love, but not before getting involved in countless amorous intrigues and misunderstandings that keep a happy resolution at bay.
The particularity of this classic culebrón (a name given to soaps in Latin America that comes from the word culebra, or “snake“) is that it could have very well been set Latin America, but it is not. The show's familiar enough story takes place in Turkey, which provides scenery that is exotic for many watching in Latin America.
It is precisely this exotic quality that seems to have won over the Latin American public. In Argentina, the show has helped propelled its local distributor, Canal 13, to some enormously high ratings:
#Rating CÓRDOBA > arrasa #LasMilyUnaNoches que supera los 30.0 y se convierte en lo más visto por El Doce. pic.twitter.com/kmKDtpBQvw — RealTimeRating (@RealTimeRating) March 27, 2015
One Thousand and One Nights sweeps through, and goes over the 30.0 [rating points] and becomes the most popular [TV show] in El Doce.
Twitter users in Chile are fond of joking about the show:
I miss the nights with Onur Akasal in Chile.
The soap opera has also been highly successful in Colombia, where it was broadcast by Caracol TV.
FINAL #LasMilYUnaNoches entró en su recta final en Colombia en las tardes de @CaracolTV. RT si ves esta historia! RT @BlogRumoreS — ColombiaTVNews (@ColombiaTVNews) February 10, 2015
FINAL One Hundred and One Nights runs into the last final [episodes] on Caracol TV in Colombia's afternoons. RT if you see this story!
In Peru and Ecuador, One Thousand and One Nights is also making a lot of noise:
@Latina_pe#LasMilyUnaNoches Todo el Perú paralizado para ver la novela. Esta buenísima! — Alexandra Herrera (@alelhe) April 2, 2015
The whole of Peru has stopped to watch this soap opera. It's great!
One Thousand and One Nigts gets better by the day! I love it!
In Uruguay, Canal 10 also promotes the melodrama with excitement:
¡Se viene el capítulo de hoy! ¿Qué pasará entre Kerem y Onur? #LasMilyUnaNoches10 @canal10Uruguay pic.twitter.com/RGE6JRjWsw — Las mil y una noches (@MilyUnaNoches10) April 1, 2015
Today's episode is coming! What will happen between Kerem and Onur?
Recently, Unitel released the soap opera in Bolivia:
En este momento por las pantallas de UNITEL el GRAN ESTRENO de ‘LAS MIL Y UNA NOCHES' #Lasmilyunanoches… http://t.co/uhxPJZoUzI — Unitel Bolivia (@unitelbolivia) March 3, 2015
Right now on UNITEL‘S screens the BIG PREMIERE of ‘ONE THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS' [is on].
The show has enjoyed similar success in Chile and Argentina, where parents are naming their children after the characters “Onur” and “Sherezade”:
#LasMilyUnaNoches una curiosidad desde que se estreno la novela en Chile se empezó a aceptar los nombres ONUR y Sherezade para los niños — Mosquita Muerta (@MoskitaMuertaOk) January 17, 2015
It's curious, since the soap opera was released in Chile, “Onur” and “Sherezade” names have been accepted as children's names:
Not everyone online, however, welcomes this new enthusiasm for naming people after the show's characters:
Como le va a explicar esta madre a su hijo el día de mañana, que le puso de nombre “Onur” por una novela que estuvo de moda en el 2015… — Sir Thomas William (@TomiKlimo) April 1, 2015
How is this woman going to explain to her child that he/she was named “Onur” because of a popular soap opera in 2015…
Cómo le vas a poner Onur a tu hijo? esa novela está creando monstruos. — Malvina (@Malvina_F) April 1, 2015
Why in the world would you name your child Onur? This soap is creating monsters.
Others have criticized the gender inequalities that One Hundred and One Nights seems to encourage:
Éxitos indiscutibles de “Las mil y una noches”, y “50 sombras de Grey”. Siglo XXI y el machismo parece estar muy lejos de erradicarse.- — Melisa sp. (@MelisaAlberti) April 1, 2015
Undoubted success for “One thousand and one nights” and “50 Shades of Grey”. [It is the] 21st century, and sexism still seems far from eradicated.
Some of the criticism of the show has been political, as well. For example, the Armenian community in Argentina condemns the soap opera, calling it Turkish propaganda. The community seems to object to any cultural imports from Turkey, in light of Ankara's refusal to recognize the genocide committed against the Armenian people 100 years ago.
Despite show's many detractors, it remains a triumph among Latin American audiences. In May 2015, Concept Media, an Argentinian consulting group, published a qualitative survey about One Thousand and One Nights, concluding that part of the show's appeal is its “close exoticism” that allows the Argentinian public to approach a remote culture that is seemingly not so different from their own. At the same time, the focus group underlined that the TV show is familiar to viewers with all the classic melodramatic elements of a soap opera, highlighting the use of love stories without sex scenes as an element that has attracted audiences accustomed to the use of sex scenes in local productions as ratings boosters.
But the success of these soap operas has not been exclusive to Latin America. In fact, in the Arab world, a similar phenomenon has taken place, with both fans and critics. This could be seen as a response to the supposed “Westernization” of the so-called “Third World”, where societies of the Global South are said to prefer media and entertainment from the West above any other region.
These cultural exchanges also raise questions about the possibility of intersections between “peripheral” societies, such as Turkey and Latin America—two regions that, despite their differences, are comparable in many ways. Cultural exchanges like the export and import of soap operas could open up what was once a privileged space, creating new possibilities for a more horizontal kind of globalization through the flow of cultural products, even when the products in question are mass-produced, conservative, highly commercial, and from countries involved in widespread censorship.
Image caption Some beekeepers were forced to feed their bees with sugar syrup to avoid starvation over the summer
A cold and wet summer across the UK has caused a "dramatic fall" in the amount of honey produced by British bees, a survey of beekeepers has revealed.
Yields are down 72% compared to 2011, research by the British Beekeepers' Association (BBKA) suggested.
An average of 8lb (3.6kg) of honey was produced per hive this year, compared to the annual average of 30lb (13.6kg).
The majority of those surveyed (88%) said the rain and cold weather was the main reason the harvest was poor.
More than 2,700 beekeepers in England, Wales and Northern Ireland were surveyed in the BBKA's annual Honey Survey.
The honey harvest was lowest in London, where hives produced an average of 5.6lb (2.5kg) of honey.
'Most difficult year'
In Northern Ireland, hives yielded the highest average of 25.8lb (11.7kg) of honey - but the figure is only half the amount normally produced by bees in the area.
Earlier this year, the cold and wet conditions forced the organisation to issue a mid-summer warning to feed honey bee colonies with sugar syrup if necessary to avoid starvation.
Image caption A harsh summer in 2012 may mean there are fewer honey bees in 2013
Honey bees produce honey as a food store. Normally, this store would be enough to see them through the winter months.
The BBKA warned the worst may be yet to come, as a lack of food for bees and wet conditions mean breeding queens have been unable to produce a large enough brood to see colonies through the winter.
Peter Hutton, a beekeeper in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, described 2012 as "the most difficult year I have known in my 53 years of beekeeping".
"Bad weather in spring prevented honey bees in many areas from collecting nectar from early flowering crops such as oil seed rape, and the rain continued in many places throughout June and July preventing honey bees from foraging on later crops," he said.
In London, where yields were the hardest hit, beekeeping experts said that in addition to the bad weather there was a lack of food for bees in the city.
Angela Woods, secretary of the London Beekeepers' Association, said: "Rather than putting beehives on office roofs, we encourage companies in London who want to help to look at different ways of supporting bees and beekeepers.
"We need more forage for the bees and better-educated beekeepers."
'Need help'
Tim Lovett, the BBKA's public affairs director, said there has been greater emphasis on "training and developing" beekeepers in recent years.
He added: "We need more resources to put into training, education and bee health research, to continue to support our honey bees and other pollinators.
"Well trained beekeepers are better equipped to deal with the adverse conditions we have seen this year.
"Without training, this year's situation might have been a lot worse."
Wildlife campaign group Friends of the Earth called on Prime Minister David Cameron to launch an action plan to help British bees.
Paul de Zylva, a senior nature campaigner, said: "A winter drought followed by the record-breaking wet summer has affected farming, gardens and bees alike.
"There is a wider issue with the decline of the more than 260 species of wild bees that don't make honey but are vital to pollinating our plants crops and trees.
"Bees need our help."
The words “Milo” and “bomb” are often seen together on internet forums and in comment sections. For instance, “Milo! You da bomb.” But once in a while an even more explosive remark is made: one that requires the evacuation of venues I'm speaking at, or bars I'm drinking in.
When it happens, as it did again this weekend at the SPJ Airplay conference in Miami, I'm always secretly amused. You see, only amateurs care about making a grand entrance. Connoisseurs of attention-seeking pay closer regard to exits, and there's no more dramatic way to swoosh off a conference stage than in the arms of a burly, dark-skinned security guard barking “EVACUATE!” to the audience as he — or she, in the case of a hefty lesbian bouncer — carries you off to safety.
It's not easy to get a lecture hall evacuated. In the past, I've had to pay minions to smoke furiously in the public loos to set off the fire alarms. But my increasing fame means that anonymous members of the progressive left are happy to oblige free of charge. The Asian jeopardy set in particular is happy to stoke the flames of drama.
Now, I should say that I'm only being flippant because there's such a pathetically low chance that any of these social justice-inspired wastes of police time would ever actually produce any danger. Like any normal person I'm hugely annoyed by them, but let's not kid ourselves that any of these threats have merit.
The likelihood of there actually being a pound of plastic under the table is about the same as Miss Universe not having the same in her bra, or GamerGate critic Arthur Chu ever uttering the phrase: “You know what, I think I'm fine with just the one slice.”
But bomb threats have become commonplace to those of us who are critics of the intersectional third-wave feminist hierarchy. Despite being branded violent misogynistic manbaby shitlords, it's only ever us who get our events disrupted by furious harpies panicking that someone might tell the empress she's wearing no clothes. And then ask her to please, for the love of God, put some on.
Of course, it's no surprise that social justice warriors use bombs as their threat of choice. Feminists and explosives have a lot in common: it's always best to evacuate the building if one is detected, and by the time you hear one go off it's probably too late to save yourself.
Honestly, though, bomb threats are a blast because they show how utterly the other side has lost the argument. All that's left for them is violence. Those of us on the side of common sense skip the impossibly gauche step of leveraging threats for sympathy and to demand money from useful idiots, but in the game of social status it's all fair game, darling.
And since the threats presumably come from women there's an additional layer of protection, because for every ten threats received, you only need to treat one or two of them with any serious attention at all. I know that's incendiary, but feminists do have a habit of exaggeration, don't they? I mean, come on, am I wrong?
Feminists literally phone their threats in, just like their lazy Jezebel blog posts about killing all white men, or whichever brand of psychotic exhibitionism is currently in vogue. Though not the most tech-savvy community on the internet, social justice warriors are at least practised in making urgent phone calls — for instance, to the local dog pound, clap clinic, or Domino's Pizza.
(They would deny this and tell you they only eat at their local vegan Thai takeout, but they're omitting to mention their cheat days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.)
I know I should stop being so incendiary, but let's be honest: who's afraid of a feminist bomb threat? They can't even come up with a decent piece of art or any good writers. At least homicidal Muslims have the Alhambra and Rumi; feminists have to make do with tinned spaghetti and urine as their contribution to world culture.
If there was a single STEM class on any gender studies course, feminists would be able to do the math and realise that every time they send a bomb threat, their enemies get ten times the free press they would otherwise have garnered.
Of course, some ridiculous people have questioned how we can be sure that the threats came from feminist critics of GamerGate. To these folks I say: why would GamerGate send bomb threats to itself when we were dropping so many on stage? Besides, it's inconceivable that any of the sweet-natured and decent people I've met in GamerGate could be responsible for calling in a threat to their own side. Not least because, unlike the opposition, no one in GamerGate is that stupid: they know what an own goal it would be.
But you can expect to read a dozen daft allegations online about how it was really all a false flag operation. The problem for the social justice brigade is: if this was done by GamerGate and there's no way to prove it, how do we know professional provocateur Anita Sarkeesian didn't make up the threats sent to her?
Orwell wrote in 1984: “If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face – forever.” What he couldn't have anticipated in 1949 is that the boot would be a second-hand Doc Marten on the hairy lower limbs of a misandrist lesbian Gawker blogger with half a dozen vaginal piercings and bright blue hair, spitting tacks because no one wants to read her 2,500-word essay on why video games should have fewer sexy blondes in them.
Just don't make the mistake I did this weekend and confuse a militant third-waver with a bomb-sniffing police pooch. Très embarrassing!
Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Twitter and Facebook. He's a hoot! Android users can download Milo Alert! to be notified about new articles when they are published.
A federal judge who blocked President Donald Trump's attempt to take away federal funds from sanctuary cities was a major contributor to President Barack Obama's first presidential campaign, Fox News reported Tuesday.
Judge William H. Orrick III, a district court judge based in San Francisco, had also ruled against the Center for Medical Progress in its legal battle with abortion providers.
According to Fox, Orrick ruled Tuesday that “Trump's order targeted broad categories of federal funding for sanctuary governments, and that plaintiffs challenging the order were likely to succeed in proving it unconstitutional.”
Orrick was ruling on a suit by the city of San Francisco and Santa Clara County which alleged that the warnings in letters sent out by Trump's Department of Justice to eight sanctuary cities and jurisdictions threatening to strip them of certain government grants unless they cooperated with federal law enforcement officials on illegal immigrants were unconstitutional.
“Federal funding that bears no meaningful relationship to immigration enforcement cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the president disapproves,” Orrick wrote.
Conveniently overlooked by most media coverage was the fact that Orrick has been a major player in Democrat campaign fundraising.
Public Citizen reports that Orrick bundled at least $200,000 in donations for Obama in 2008, as well as donating $30,800 of his own money. In 2004, Orrick also bundled $100,000 for Democrat candidate John Kerry.
Obama nominated him to the federal bench in June 2012 but not approved by the then-Democrat controlled Senate until 2013 on a mainly party-line vote, according to Heat Street.
Orrick also made news in 2015 when he blocked the release of certain recordings made at an abortion provider convention that were obtained by pro-life group the Center for Medical Progress. Mere hours after a suit from the National Abortion Federation, Orrick decided that the group was “likely to suffer irreparable injury, absent an ex parte temporary restraining order, in the form of harassment, intimidation, violence, invasion of privacy and injury to reputation, and the requested relief is in the public interest.”
The conservative website The Federalist reported Orrick's financial contributions to Democrats at the time.
Yes, apparently, this is the allegedly unbiased judge who's now deciding against President Trump's policy on sanctuary cities. What a surprise. Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Please like and share on Facebook and Twitter if you disagree with this judge's ruling.
What are your thoughts on this judge's ruling? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
Not the Avatar That's Blue, Just the One That F**king Blows
By Brian Prisco | Film | July 3, 2010 |
By Brian Prisco | Film | July 3, 2010 |
For a long time, I've been an M. Night Shyamalan apologist. It was mostly misplaced civic pride. He shoots his movies in Bucks County, PA, which is for all intents and purposes my old backyard. But no more. I'm done. We're breaking up. He's fucked with my heart for the last time. If you remember what it felt like when George Lucas raped your childhood, at least he had the common fucking decency to lube up first. Shyamalan takes the remarkable and groundbreaking Nickelodeon cartoon "Avatar: The Last Airbender" and doesn't just violate all that was charming and amusing, but he castrates the characters and feeds them their own genitals. The dialogue is so laden and heavy with exposition and explanation, it's like listening to an audio recording of someone reading the Wikipedia page. It's as if Shyamalan left the cartoons on in the background while he made dinner and figured it counted as research. The character names are butchered, the film is grievously miscast, and the general storyline is chopped up and cobbled together until it's fairly unrecognizable.
There was no need for this to be in 3D, as it lacks even a second dimension. If you were a fan of the cartoons, you're going to be mortified. If you're coming into this raw, you're just going to be fucking bored and possibly confused, even though they practically repeat word for word every event as they are about to perform it. Instead of the lighthearted and energetic anime style romp we got for several years on Nickelodeon, Shyamalan delivers a listless, miserable, and dreary film that skims across everything wonderful in the source material like someone skipping stones over a sewage tank. But what do you really expect from a dude whose second to last film was about himself writing a children's story in order to save the world?
From the opening moments, you know you are fucking doomed. Replicated from the cartoon's introductory sequence, we see four shadowy figures each summon the prospective elements: earth, water, fire, and air. This should be exciting -- seeing what up to now has only been pen and ink brought to life in stunning 3D. And yet, there is no life. It feels half-speed like a dry run of the production. In fact, Shyamalan went out of his way to suck any and all life out of the original material, like a Twihard horking feathers as she chews through her Cullenpillow. The entire movie is played out like a test-audience screening, hastily assembled scenes of actors explaining every element of the story as if it was a placeholder for an amazing action sequence that hasn't been shot yet. Like a shoddy contractor building a dream home piecemeal, Shyamalan throws up the barest sketch of a foundation with the cheapest materials possible, and then adds elements as time and money allow. Only this motherfucker clearly doesn't understand how to read blueprints, and has no idea which end of the hammer does the hitting.
The world of Avatar is one where four nations have the ability to bend the elements, which is a fancy way of saying they could wave their hands and fire off a projectile based on their particular talent: fire, water, earth, or air. The Avatar, a legendary warrior who could control all four of the elements, mysteriously disappeared over a century ago. So now, the evil Fire Nation is waging war on the other three nations. Two Eskimo looking kids from the Southern Water Nation, brother Sokka (Jackson Rathbone, Jasper from the Twilight series) and his sister Katara (Nicola Peltz), are hunting for food when up out of the glacier comes not a bubbling crude, but a weird little bald kid with a henna tattoo on his melon (Noah Ringer). Oh, and his flying six-legged furry bison Appa. While exposition is whipping past us in big glacial chunks of emotionless jibba-jabba, suddenly the Fire Nation shows up and evil Prince Zuko (Dev Patel) takes the boy hostage and brings him aboard his steam frigate to be tested by his Uncle Iroh (Shaun Toub) to see if he might be the Avatar. Surprise! He is! And he quickly escapes by bending air -- which involves a lot of people tumbling down hallways and getting blown backwards. The young Avatar escapes on his flying kite staff and rejoins his flying bison and two instant just-add-water pals for some adventure.
Shyamalan decides that for his trilogy, he's going to divide the three books among the three remaining elements that the young Airbender has to learn: Water, Earth, Fire. While the cartoon had Aang and his two companions traveling around the countryside, trying to find out how Aang could learn all three elements while disrupting the Fire Nation wherever they could, and learning important life lessons and the such, Shyamalan decides to condense this all into one horrendously overwrought fight scene between an enslaved Earth Nation camp and the Fire Nation. A 12 year-old kid, led as prisoners into the compound, shouts out that they shouldn't be slaves anymore, because "I'm the Avatar." That's not lazy criticizing either -- that's practically verbatim. The dialogue in the script consists entirely of people standing in front of green screened backdrops saying exactly what they are about to do or what's going to happen in the next scene. The Fire Nation soldiers laugh -- as did everyone else watching -- and what follows are one of the most poorly choreographed special effects fight sequences in film history. Instead of kinetic frenzy, with characters hurling fireballs and boulders, streams of wind and water with reckless abandon, everyone stands around patiently as one attack is made and then pauses, as if Shyamalan was off-camera, checking with the production accountant if they had enough money to pull off the next kata.
Since Aang is supposed to learn waterbending first, he has to go to the North. But first, he has to fight some soldiers to free other villages. We know this because Sokka tells him that they should fight some soldiers to free other villages. In approximately that cadence, with approximately those words. Meanwhile, we get a bunch of cut scenes with the supremely evil baddies, Commander Zhao (Aasif Mandvi from the "Daily Show") and Fire Lord Ozai (Cliff Curtis from everything with a terrorist every made in the past decade) who spend most of their time walking around the Fire Nation palace explaining what is happening in the meanwhile. Because apparently, without the money to film additional village battle sequences, Shyamalan tries to fake it by showing outtakes from the earlier fight patched up with voiceover from a completely different scene. There are plenty of filmmakers out there who can do loaves and fishes with limited budget, and with something on this scale and scope, you aren't going to be able to fit every single scene in there. But if you're going to do a half-assed job, why bother to do it at all?
I tend to harp on adaptations for not being slavish to the source material, but the mauling Shyamalan did on this was untenable. While the cartoon did have 20 episodes to give us subtle character nuances, these kids are written in fucking crayon. He seriously can't even manage to pronounce their fucking names correctly. He's like a drunk aunt at a wedding sloshing her plastic wine cup and shaking her ass because she just loooves that rapper "Florida." It's not as if the source material were books like Lord of the Rings and you had to consult scholars. It's a cartoon, where they repeatedly pronounce the names. It's on Netflix Watch Instantly. Boot up a motherfucking laptop, Night, I'll lend you my fucking password. Aang becomes ONG, Sokka is SOO-KA, Avatar is ABADAR. You can actually pinpoint the moment in the footage where the production learned about Cameron's film. Vanilla Ice did a better job trying to cover up stealing "Under Pressure."
None of the playfulness of the cartoon and the characters are there. The look of every character is completely wrong -- not just approximated or overly-stylized, but thoroughly disregarded. It would be the equivalent of giving Harry Potter contact lenses. And putting Hogwarts in downtown St. Paul. And turning Hermione into a hot black chick. And making Ron a puppy. None of the enigmatic hairstyles are represented, save for Aang's shaved head, and Uncle Iroh went from Miyagiesque to a stand in for General Zod's drag show.
Even if you weren't familiar with the show, you'd find the characterizations stilted and slapdash. Sokka and Katara no longer have storylines, but are relegated to tertiary subplots. Seriously, Sokka's entire courting of Princess Yue -- one of the most endearing moments in a children's show -- is performed ENTIRELY in voiceover. Even Stephanie Meyer has them stare at each other wistfully and say words, for Christ's sake. Katara goes from being a fierce waterbender trying to perfect her craft to save her people to melodramatic luggage. She's there, because they needed someone to do voiceover and to be completely unable to deliver Shyamalan's atrociously clunky dialogue. But it ain't the kids' fault -- Ian McKellan would be choking on this hackjob.
And then there's Aang himself. In the cartoon, Aang's a little kid, bouncing off the walls and giggling, soaring into the air and generally flitting around. The kid's got a smile in every scene. He's a master bender, able to command the elements with natural inborn talent. Sure, he gets sad and angry sometimes, but the prevailing charm of the Avatar is that he's like the ultimate kid in a candy store. Shyamalan's done his usual fix, where he's turned him into a neurotic brooder. He doesn't smile, not one time, during the entire film. He's a runaway who can only save the world if he learns every discipline. Shyamalan's turned the kid into fucking Atlas, so no wonder he's mournful and depressed. Little fucker needed a hug in every goddamn scene. When Aang does fight, it becomes So You Think You Can Dance Fight. This is a kid who has the power to hurl currents of air. He doesn't need to breakdance fight and do flip. He shouldn't have to make contact with a foot. He's a fucking airbender. Yet all the of the effects, particularly the firebending, look like Shyamalan showed old beer commercials from the '80s where guys said they knew karate and then postured with the chop socky hands for five minutes going "Waaaaah! Hiiiyyaah!" And then a fireball comes flying from post-production. The bending is based on martial art and should organically flow from the person. It shouldn't look like doing four minutes of overly elaborate mock tai-chi gives you a power up.
Aang's animal companions are practically an afterthought. Given personality in the series, here they were a burden on the budget. Momo, the lemur-bat, is akin to the monkeys from the Indiana Jones series. In the movie, we seem him occasionally flying around in the background. There might be one scene where we actually get shots of him rifling through a closet. He looks cool, which is more than I can say for dear Appa, the flying six-legged furry bison. Appa was my favorite part of the series. Here, it's like Snuffleupagus washed up on the island Where the Wild Things Are and got gang raped repeatedly, until one of the offspring developed the ability to fly and escape.
Pointless and completely uncalled for accusations of racism were leveled at Shyamalan, which are entirely beside the point. There are so many better reasons to loathe this monstrosity, especially the useless 3D technology. It was clearly not filmed to be viewed in three dimensions, nor really in two, but how you can fuck up digital effects on 3D when you have a flying bison and fighting that involves elemental projectiles just goes to show how pointless and unnecessary the entire endeavor has become. In Toy Story 3, the 3D felt unnecessary, in this, it feels like the filmmakers were reaching into my pocket for an extra five dollars and wrenching my sack when they got it. But as for the racism, look. It's not that Shyamalan was specifically insensitive to racial lines when he cast his movie, but to the people who expected the characters to somewhat resemble the ones they saw in the cartoon. He's not a bigot, he just doesn't know what the fuck he's doing.
I guess I'm supposed to properly refer to this film as The Last Airbender Book 1: Water, but there won't be books two and three. Even though they still crank out the dreadful Narnia films, they've given up all hope on the equally shitty His Dark Materials films, and both of those are like fucking Pixar compared to this atrocity. It will literally cost friends of mine their jobs and take industry away from my home state, but I'm hoping this is the end for Shyamalan. He's proven once and for all that he's completely inept at filmmaking. Normally, it's his own little noggin that's crapping out the nuggets, but even when handed a goldmine of source material, he's managed to completely screw the pooch. I went to a midnight screening on opening night, and the audience applauded when people walked out. When they weren't outright laughing at the horrendous dialogue, they were actually openly booing the final credits. Sure, we all chuckled behind knuckles at the Twihards lined up for the midnight screenings, but the joke turned out to be on us. The only twist I'm waiting for is when rabid fans of the series get their hands on Shyamalan's neck.
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba. You may email him here or follow him on Twitter.
← Let the Invasion Begin
The Twilight Saga: Eclipse Review | And Now, Your Moment of Zen →
Playing games for a living is hard work. And that's why By Experience is building a StarCraft event around a documentary about esports, dubbed All Work All Play: The Pursuit of eSports Glory.
By Experience specializes in organizing events at movie theaters, and it is teaming up with the filmmakers, StarCraft maker Blizzard Entertainment, and esports league ESL to create a livestreamed event for the debut of the documentary.
At the live event, a number of esports stars will compete in a tournament for Blizzard's new expansion game, StarCraft II: Legacy of the Void. The Legacy of the Void is the first major StarCraft release since 2013.
Fans will be able to attend the event at ESL Studios in Burbank, Calif., or watch it any of the participating movie theaters (up to 2,000 of them) throughout North America. The star players include Chris “Huk“ Loranger, Kevin “qxc“ Riley, Brandon “puCK“ Loranger, and Geoff “iNcontroL“ Robinson. The event will be broadcast on July 21, and it will be hosted by Joshua “Clutch” Gray.
The event will feature a live Q&A between the global audience and Patrick Creadon, the director of the film; Michal Blicharz, the director of pro gaming at ESL; and pro eSports gamers.
Julie Borchard-Young, co-president of By Experience said the event will give fans a unique opportunity to participate in an esports experience at a local cinema.
The film is a behind-the-scenes documentary that follows the ascent of esports. It showcases some of the best pro gamers in the world as they fought for the Intel Extreme Masters championship earlier this year. The film will screen during the live special event and again on July 28 in Europe.
Top professional StarCraft II players and gamers will battle it out in a 2v2 “Archon Mode” match in StarCraft II, Legacy of the Void. In that mode, two players share control of a single base and units. The game is currently in beta testoing.
The commentators for the event include Nathanias Fabrikant and Andre “Gretorp” Henchua. By Experience handles digital events at movie theaters and other locations. It has sold 23 million tickets to date since it did a live broadcast of David Bowie's Reality album in 2003.
A week ago the Electonic Sports Association has opened it's doors and went into public beta. ESAGamer.com is what you can call a fundraiser website with a prize distribution promise for eSports tournaments, not just for pros, but for everyone. All you need to do is put in £5 to get everything going.
Of course when a new site like this has been launched people have a lot questions. We had the chance to sit together with the director of ESA over a Skype call and ask him some questions, so we dove straight in with questions about the prize distribution.
Holysh1t.net: All prize money will be distributed over skill tiers per game community, how many skill tiers will this money be distributed over?
ESA Director Didge: There are currently 3 tiers of skill… High, Medium and Low
HS.net: Why are there only 3 skill tiers and not 2 or 4?
Didge: Three tiers appeared to balance everything better in terms of value and quality. Launching with four tiers dilutes the prize pool too much to make it worthwhile, especially for smaller communities and only 2 tiers impacts the chances of participants placing in a prized position because of the increased level of competition.
HS.net: Using the 1000 subscribers' example, meaning the prize pool will result in £5000, what is the prize pool distribution over the skill tiers on a weekly basis?
Didge: The combined prize pool is firstly split into 4 – 25% for each skill level and then 25% for a monthly final. We can then further divide the share between how many Sundays (or Mondays in Quake's particular case) there are in that calendar month assuming the value remains credible.
HS.net: Your website says teams can compete with members who are not subscribed, can you clarify that?
Didge: We suspect that not everybody will want to (or be able to) subscribe to the service for whatever reason, so instead of restricting access and making tournaments exclusive we engineered a way to include everybody in a way that's fair for everybody. If your team is only partly subscribed, your team will receive the reward that reflects your teams' collective commitment to the cause.
HS.net: So if a team consists of 4 members, of whom 3 are subscribers, what happens to the 25% of their prize money?
Didge: The remainder is recycled back into the following set of tournaments to further develop and increase the offerings for the following set of tournaments, kind of like a lottery rollover lol.
HS.net: Why do you share the total subscriptions equally across three tiers, instead of providing higher prizes for higher tier and lower prizes for the lower tier?
Didge: I think that's the fairest way to be honest, especially considering the vast majority of the community are in fact not high skill.
HS.net: Players can intentionally play bad to drop a tier to be amongst the prizes again, how do you eliminate that from happening?
Didge: It's counter-productive really, as you need to win games to win tournaments to win money, if you're losing games to intentionally drop, then turn up the effort to win money, you will need to keep doing that in a cycle, when you should really just concentrate on winning. Nobody is stupid and everybody is suspicious, so when you're caught, we will either manually override the rank or suspend/ban the account of the perpetrator. We obviously keep an eye out for such things too 😛
HS.net: Someone who has climbed from tier 2 to tier 1 might have a really hard time to reach the winning spots for tier 1, is there a way to motivate them?
Didge: The natural desire of progression and improvement is generally a motivation for most gamers, people and aspiring professionals alike. However, ESA doesn't just award prizes to people who finish 1st or 2nd – the prize pool can and does split credibly to more participants, so people will rarely be far away from a cash prize.
HS.net: You say you're recycling every penny of every subscription into tournaments, how is that sustainable or is that a temporary measure to promote the site early on?
Didge: Well as we're not yet vat registered that doesn't come into it and our only direct cost to each sale is the merchant fee, which is around 5% – and we can absorb 5% all day long. Obviously when we become VAT registered and the government gets their hands on some of it, it'll need to change.
HS.net: I read that for every 2000 subscribers another £2000 extra are being added to the prize pool however you already stated that every penny from subscribers is already being added, how does that work?
Didge: We've got some money in the bank that we want to give away as prizes. We are a little sketchy about just blowing it all on tournaments straight away, so everyone can use, abuse and never return, so this is a way we can ensure our longevity, reward the community for supporting us and put even more prize money into the mix. The community will just have to take our word for that though.
HS.net: Pay to play tournaments are said to be operated at 0% commission, can you explain how that works and how that is sustainable?
Didge: I think it would be unreasonable to continually charge people for playing in tournaments, with credit that is essentially bouncing between internal ESA accounts, especially considering we've recycled the majority of that credit in the first place.
HS.net: I notice that the payment options are limited to ClickandBuy, why do you only use them and how come the obvious option of PayPal is not available?
Didge: ClickandBuy is one of the few providers in the world which allows users to pay and get paid with minimum fuss. For those who don't have it, do get it. They're a world leader in payment processing and you all want to get paid efficiently, don't you 😛
I know PayPal seems like the obvious choice, it's who we approached first but unfortunately, as a new company with an element of gambling involved, we need to track record to satisfy the requirements of their acceptable use policy.
HS.net: Quake Live has a fairly small community, why was it added to the initial list of games instead of a game like League of Legends, that has millions of players?
Didge: Quake is an historic, niche and somewhat overlooked game by most providers and esports generally owes quite a lot to Quake. It was in fact, the first PC game I had played and it's only right the godfather of all games gets a place in a system, which has the potential to really help the Quake community, if people decide to give it a try.
Furthermore it still has a following in its thousands and this system, even if only 500 people said, I'm going to give ESA a try, there will be a £2500 prize pool each month, that might encourage others who were once good, or with free time to start playing again. Who knows? Money can and does change things, but of course, it's up to the Quake community to embrace services which are trying to help it.
HS.net: What other games will ESA support in the future? (perhaps answer the core question and then add smth about criteria for a game to be added)
Didge: We're looking in the direction of some other games to add to our library but nothing is confirmed yet, however, we might add the occasional FIFA tournament for our existing members if they were interested. Our focus is primarily getting established and scaled with the 4 games we have launched with at this moment of time.
HS.net: Will games get cut from the site if they stop meeting certain criteria?
Didge: There are no criteria really, if a game dies or generates absolutely 0 interest then yeah, maybe but I don't have a minimum requirement or anything like that.
HS.net: Thanks for taking the time to answer our questions, we wish you good luck with your website
Didge: No problem, thank you for the interview.
WASHINGTON -- The president was out of sight on Monday after he insisted over the weekend that his phones had been tapped by President Obama.
President Trump offered no basis for four Twitter posts on Saturday. They included: “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
The spelling and punctuation are the president's.
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
The claim, which Mr. Trump described as “a fact,” was repudiated by the FBI director and the former Director of National Intelligence.
Since his inauguration, Mr. Trump has continually stamped rumors with the seal of the president, including “millions” of illegal votes for Hillary Clinton, terror attacks no one knows about, and describing the news media as “a great danger to our country.”
But on Monday, the wiretap claim seemed to cross a line. Democrats and Republicans called on Mr. Trump to provide evidence.
AG Sessions recuses himself from Russia probe
It began with Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision Thursday to recuse himself from any investigation of Russian meddling during the campaign -- after revelations he spoke twice with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. last year.
Mr. Trump strongly disagreed with the attorney general's decision.
That same day, conservative radio host Mark Levin accused the Obama administration of using what he called “police state tactics.”
FBI director disputes Trump's claim about wiretap
“The incredible scandal here is the Obama administration was investigating top officials in the Trump campaign, maybe even Trump himself -- during the course of the election!” Levin said.
Breitbart, a website formerly run by Trump adviser Stephen Bannon, also published those claims on Friday.
Then, early Saturday morning, President Trump posted four tweets.
“Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped' in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!” one tweet read.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
A spokesman for President Obama called the accusation “false” and said “neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen.”
James Clapper, the former Director of National Intelligence, told NBC that no such warrant existed.
“I can deny it,” Clapper said.
On Sunday, the White House, in a statement, called for Congress to investigate.
Kellyanne Conway, on March 6, 2017. CBS Evening News
On Monday, adviser Kellyanne Conway said the president was basing his statement on a variety of sources.
“The president, based on his information and belief, has said that we were surveilled and we appreciate the fact that the intelligence committees in the House and Senate may in fact combine their investigations or expand them to include this,” Conway said.
The White House refused to say whether the president privately consulted advisers or President Obama about these serious allegations before publicly posting them on his Twitter feed.
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. Animated gif of woman spinning an Earth globe on the table Motion photogram, photorealistic animated gif image Animations are just better with music Natures Way Your browser does not support the audio element. Animation illustrating global warming in a big way Moving Earth burning on Fire global warming animated gif Hot sun trying to cool off with a little hand held fan Global Warming animation with Earth hot and sweating 24 hour animation loop of Earth as seen from a geostationary satellite orbit Side view animation of Earth satellite in a geostationary orbit Top view animation of Earth satellite in a geostationary orbit Artist animated rendition of geostationary satellite spinning in orbit in unison with Earth's revolutions Men Without Hats Pop Goes The World Earth globe spinning World Spinning Earth Globe Animations Mother Earth holding Earth in space Spinning Earth animation with black oceans H earts orbiting earth at the Equator Black and white spinning earth globe animation Spinning World Globe Animation Time Lapse Of The International Space Station Flying Over Earth Clip art image of two hands holding spinning earth globe Hand holding up the world turning on a platter Moving hands above spinning Earth Strong man lifting Earth earth globe spinning in person's hand earth globe spinning in hand Animation of gold spinning Earth with clear oceans Spinning gold globe with drop shadow Earth animation, world turning Spinning planet animation earth globe spinning Spinning globe with pink land Small spinning Earth Globe Animation on a stand A nimated Earth globe spinning on it's stand Small Spinning Earth Globe Animation Small Spinning Earth Globe Animated gif Small Spinning Earth Globe Animation Small Spinning Earth Animation Earth Globes C ontinue To Easter Or Visit Related Pages Aliens Drag and Drop in Space Space Stars UFOs Clouds moving on spinning Earth animation What . . . . it's not on this page? Try Searching Here More Music Telstar Your browser does not support the audio element. I'd Like To Teach The World Your browser does not support the audio element. Little Fluffy Clouds Your browser does not support the audio element. Spinning Earth with dark ocean water Animated satellite orbiting around Earth Satellite weather image animation Animation of green spinning Earth with clear oceans yellow spinning earth Earth Globe Animations People joining hands around the world Populated planet Earth animation Spinning Earth with grid People spinning around ball Animated blue Earth turning around Realistic Earth globe with reflection Red earth globe spinning animation Realistic moving Earth globe animation Spinning planet animation Small Globe Animation Small Spinning Earth Globe Animations animated earth globe spinning in square Flat map scrolling right Rotating desk globe on stand Small animated world spinning animated square cube earth globe spinning Small Earth Globe Animation Spinning World Globe Animation Small Spinning Revolving Earth Animation Small Revolving Earth Animation Small Spinning Earth Globe Animation Spinning Earth with dark background Animation of rotating, spinning planet Animation of gold spinning Earthlight blue spinning Earth animation Spinning Earth globe animation Small Spinning Globe Animation E arth globe spinning Turning Earth Globe Animation Earth Globes C ontinue To Easter Or Visit Related Pages Aliens Drag and Drop in Space Space Stars UFOs
The game of Survivor does not begin when the cameras start rolling. It starts well before then as players feel each other out in the pre-game process. While not allowed to talk to each other, the contestants can communicate in other ways. Impressions — sometimes correct, sometimes not — can be formed that often lead to alliances or enemies once the players hit the island.
Sarah Lacina had some thoughts about one contestant in particular while waiting for the game to begin at Ponderosa, and it will be interesting to see if her negative take on fan favorite Michaela will end up impacting the game (even though they will be starting it on different tribes). Those weren't the only strong thoughts Sarah shared. She also questioned whether a four-time player like Ozzy could be considered an all-star if he has yet to win the game, and claims she has learned how to deal with her Cagayan nemesis Tony. Watch the video above and read the Q&A below to see this arresting take from the Cedar Rapids police officer. (Also make sure to follow @thedaltonross on Instagram to see exclusive on-location photos, including one of Sarah casting her pre-game vote for whom she'd like to vote off first.)
Robert Voets/CBS
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: Why are you going to win Survivor: Game Changers, Sarah?
SARAH LACINA: I will win Survivor: Game Changers because people don't really know what I have in my bag of tricks.
Okay, so what's in your bag of tricks?
The first time I played people got to see this loyal Sarah, and they didn't get to see my strategy. I was voted out as the first member of the jury, however, I had laid a solid foundation to win the game. I just made one wrong mistake. I've learned from my mistakes and that is not going to happen.
Was your mistake spelled T-O-N-Y?
My big mistake was Tony, and I've learned how to deal with that problem and we're just going to have to see how it plays out.
How are you going to deal with him?
I would say Tony is probably the most dangerous person out here. The guy is so quick on his feet. He can lie, he can cheat, he can steal, he can swear on his kids, his mom, his dad, whatever, it doesn't matter. Anything in real life means nothing to him out here. He's one of the very few I have ever seen who can completely separate that. So with that being said, I know that's how he is. Other people don't know that. So the bottom line is, don't trust a thing out of Tony's mouth. Ever.
Did you pick up any clues from being around this people pre-game?
Yeah, Michaela. Her body language really turns me off. She seems like a diva and just lazy. So I'd like to see her go.
Is it weird having people on from last season that you know nothing about?
It's very weird, because this is Game Changers so clearly they've done something to fit in that category, and we have no idea what it is. So it's up to us to get one of them to tell us what the other one did.
Who do you want to work with out there?
I'm open to working with anybody. I now that's a generic answer but I think if you come into this game with a pre-set plan, you're doomed. You have to come into this game completely open because Survivor changes like that. One minute you think you've got it made, the next minute your torch is getting snuffed. And this game is all about thinking on your feet and making those spur of the moment decisions, and who can adjust. So the generic answer, I'll work with anybody, that's true. Ideally, I'll work with anyone who I know to be loyal. I watched Caleb play Big Brother and Caleb was really loyal.
Ozzy, I get a good vibe from him, but I think Ozzy's in his own world, so I don't really know that Ozzy plays the game, you know? When you sit there and you say, “You've got these big dogs out here.” Well, it's very true, you've got big dogs, you've got people playing 3 or 4 times, but does that mean they're good at the game? Because if someone was married four times, would you say they're good at marriage? Probably not. So just because they're back a fourth time doesn't mean they're these all-star players because they haven't won yet, so they're doing something wrong.
How do you think other players see you?
Maybe based on seeing me around, I think I come off as intimidating and people are intimated by me, which isn't really that true. I laugh all the time and joke around.
For more Survivor scoop, follow Dalton on Twitter @DaltonRoss.
Just a few weeks after debuting, Chicago's Moody Tongue Brewing is planning to release a beer made with rare black truffles that will cost as much as $120 per bottle. (Good news: it's a big bottle.)
Shaved Black Truffle Pilsner will be one of the most expensive beers ever sold in Chicago, and likely the priciest ever made in the city. Keeping with Moody Tongue's "culinary brewing" philosophy, the beer will be available primarily at beer-focused restaurants in 22-ounce bottles, but also in limited availability on draft and in some bottle shops.
Moody Tongue brewer and founder Jared Rouben said the beer should be available by the end of July. Restaurants where he has previously said he plans to sell beer include Longman & Eagle, Dusek's, GT Fish & Oyster, Nightwood and The Publican.
Beers with price tags beyond $100 are rare, and often a combination of massive alcohol (Samuel Adams' Utopias approaches 30 percent) and gimmick (BrewDog's The End of History was packaged inside a dead squirrel).
Shaved Black Truffle Pilsner is wholly different: a 5 percent lager made with a rare, expensive Australian ingredient that is intended to be paired with food. Though availability will be limited — Moody Tongue made 40 barrels, the equivalent of 80 kegs — Shaved Black Truffle Pilsner will speak to whether the booming craft beer industry has matured enough for consumers to spend $120 on a bottle of beer with a fine meal.
Pat Brophy, craft beer and spirits buyer for the Binny's Beverage Depot chain, suspects there will be a market.
"Being in the restaurants is a smart way to start," Brophy said. "It allows people to share it, and make an event out of it with a meal. Something like that is a shared experience and conversation piece as much as it is a quenching beer."
Brophy said he would gladly stock the beer — likely much more cheaply than the restaurant price — but is less convinced it would sway one person shopping alone in a store aisle.
"With a black truffle pilsner, there's no basis for comparison," he said. "It's a big leap of faith."
Rouben said he made the beer at his new Pilsen brewery after The Truffle & Wine Co., of Manjimup, Western Australia, approached him about brewing with the rare ingredient. Rouben, a graduate of The Culinary Institute of America, developed a reputation in his previous job as Goose Island brewpubs brew master for the food-focused beers he created with some of the city's top chefs.
The cost of the beer, he said, "is a reflection of the cost of the ingredients."
"Anyone can do the math and see the cost of truffles," he said.
(According to The Truffle & Wine Co. website, black truffles cost about $1,050 per pound.)
Asked to describe the beer, Rouben offered a slow, deliberate answer: "I get truffle, I get lightly toasted pilsner malt and clean lager yeast. I get almost a little hint of citrus, like a little hint of Meyer lemon."
He paused.
"It's complex," he said. "How do you describe a truffle? What's most important is that it changes. It's an exciting beer. It seems like you're a part of the evolution of the flavor and the aromatics."
Rouben hand-shaved the truffles (he wouldn't say how many pounds), which he added, "throughout the entire process at different points of temperature and for different periods of time." He said he deliberately brewed a clean, unobtrusive base beer to let the primary ingredient shine.
"Pilsners are one of the most difficult beers to create," he said. "There's no big hops, no bourbon, no big flavors covering up any mistakes. What you taste is very clean pilsner and truffles."
I tasted the beer last month and can attest to the fact that Shaved Black Truffle Pilsner is indeed complex, layered and, like a robust, higher-alcohol beer, unfolds with rich, savory layers. Drinking Shaved Black Truffle Pilsner too cold can mask its nuance.
Though it is one of Moody Tongue's first beers — Rouben is also in the process of releasing a Belgian golden ale with cold-pressed pawpaw and a wheat beer with crushed green coriander — he said he had no hesitation about debuting with such an expensive offering.
"I didn't really think of that," he said. "I've always been after the best ingredients that allow me to make the best beer. If I have the opportunity to use the best ingredients, I'll always jump at it."
jbnoel@tribune.com
Twitter @joshbnoel
Recently, Energy Developments made a final investment decision on “the Coober Pedy Project”. Coober Pedy (also known as “white man's hole”) is a smallish town in South Australia about halfway between Adelaide and Alice Springs. It's off the main grid and EDL is the main supplier of off grid power supply in Australia. EDL's dominant technology is reciprocating engines, both gas and diesel powered.
ARENA will provide up to $18.4 m of funding to switch Coober Pedy from 100% diesel to 70% renewable. The Coober Pedy project is important for at least 3 reasons:
If it's technically feasible at Coober Pedy it's probably technically feasible for the National Electricity Market [NEM]; If it's technically feasible at Coober Pedy it's probably technically feasible for EDL's many other remote power stations; If the project works as well as expected it will likely show several areas where costs can be reduced in the (near) future so that a few projects down the road won't need ARENA support. In the remote area market this will depend on longer term views about the price of diesel fuel.
The Project's assets
The existing 3.9 MW diesel generation is retained. To this is added 4MW of wind, 1 MW solar, 1 MW/500 KWh lithium titanate battery, UPS for the diesel, and integration and control systems. There is a 20 year power purchase agreement [PPA] between the Coober Pedy Council and EDL which is backed by the South Australian Govt. The project is expected to be commissioned in before the end of next year.
Components of the system and design choices
ITK asked Keith Barker, EGM Technology at EDL, what underlay the design choices. He explained that with a 70% renewable objective either 4 MW wind / 1 MW solar or 3 MW wind / 2 MW solar gave similar results. Taking cost into account, the 4:1 choice was optimal at the time.
The function of the battery is not so much to provide energy although it does a bit of that but mainly to provide power during periods of wind and solar variability. For instance wind output can drop 50% in 10 seconds and more over 1 minute. The battery means the diesel doesn't need to be switched in and out as often.
The system is expected to run 100% renewable about 50% of the time but also 100% diesel will be required on some occasions, while a significant part of the wind generation, maybe as much as 50%, will be shed, even then the wind is providing a spinning reserve. All of these factors require integration management and control to ensure reliability of supply and power quality.
EDL is well-known for its capability in supplying the microgrids of off grid mines and communities and has a record of successfully adapting technology to become one of Australia's leading players in distributed generation. Starting with land fill gas then waste coal mine gas and delivering LNG to the West Kimberley towns, EDL is well placed to progress the development of renewable hybrids.
The load and energy
The Maximum load in Coober Pedy is about 3 MW, minimum of 0.7MW and average of about 1.5 MW. The annual average energy consumption is about 12 GWh. The expected generation shape over average Summer and Winter days (who knew there was Winter in Coober Pedy) is shown below:
Comment:
We think the first priority of this project is to demonstrate its technical feasibility. We expect that the work put in here will mean that almost certainly, yes, it can be done. And our view is if it can be done at Coober Pedy it can be done for Adelaide. If it can be done for Adelaide it can be done for Sydney.
From a straight economics point of view we would compare the cost of the diesel saved compared to the investment required. We doubt if that would look all that great in the first instance. Still, a 2013 analysis by ITP in 2013, indicated that PV was competitive with diesel up to certain load sizes. Diesel generators costs about $0.45 watt, and have O&M costs of about $70-$80 an hour for 1000 kW scale. The existing Coober Pedy diesel system is 8×500 KW. We think the kWh per litre of diesel is about 3.6 and on that basis calculate annual savings from moving to 70% renewables as about $2.5 m per year at a diesel price of $1.1/litre.
The ARENA website puts the full investment for the project at around $37m. As the capital costs continue to fall in this space the actual total investment could actually end up less. A $36m investment compared to a $2.5m inflation indexed annual saving for 20 years provides an IRR of 6.7%. If there were no technical risks in our view that is an acceptable IRR (ie almost worthwhile without ARENA funding). We estimate a low risk (beta of say 0.7 project) 50% debt funded has a pre tax hurdle rate (WACC) of 7.25%.
The above calculations assume that the saved diesel maintenance costs broadly offset the maintenance on the PV and wind. As stated at the outset there is scope for the capital costs of the renewables components to come down if it all works properly.
We imagine the grid transmission and distribution costs in Coober Pedy are very low so we don't learn much about the relative savings of distributed power compared to centralized generation from this exercise. Also as compared to setting up a new remote area system or micro grid this system doesn't have to allow for the diesel capital costs.
A further increase in renewables percentage could easily be achieved by using some of the “shed wind energy” to charge storage. The financial advantage of doing that depends on the diesel cost avoided compared to the cost of the storage. We estimate storage costs about $400 MWh at utility scale right now, so almost in sight of the variable cost of diesel at $300 MWh.
Keeping global warming to what the world has signed up for in Paris of say 2C to 2.5C basically requires reducing CO2 emissions by about 80% by about 2035. This will require every country's electricity grid to get to 70-80% renewable by that time, or alternatively some hitherto unforeseen advance in carbon capture. Remote area micro grids which have to be self sufficient provide an excellent example of where the broader system can head over the next 20-30 years, faster rather than slower.
David Leitch is principal of ITK. He was formerly a Utility Analyst for leading investment banks over the past 30 years. The views expressed are his own. Please note our new section, Energy Markets, which will include analysis from Leitch on the energy markets and broader energy issues. And also note our live generation widget, and the APVI solar contribution.
Heavenly Kings Podcast Ep 6
Hello everyone! It's been quite a while since we last recorded about the recent manga chapters so this episode covers chapters 300-307. A lot has happened in these chapters and I personally cannot say if I'm all that happy about it other than we're getting closer to Pair and getting the hell outta Area 7. We talk about the quick fight with the mountain monkey, Toriko's hallucinations, balls, fake science (not even sci fi at this point, it's just straight up nonsense), more balls, and Bambina playing games with people such as everyone's favorite: Dismember the Heavenly King.
There was a lot to go over so we didn't talk about anything beyond the chapters. At the end, I rambled a bit about some extra things but overall this is mainly about the recent manga story arc. Next time we'll do about 2-3 chapters and possibly discuss our favorite villains. If there's anything you'd like for us to speak on, send an email to: heavenlykingpodcast@gmail, tweet @ heavenlykings, or leave a message in the inbox at heavenlykingspodcast.tumblr.com/ask
Side note: Viz Media's up to volume 25 of Toriko and if you want to purchase it, check here and here. And if you're into collecting Japanese versions of manga regardless of how well you can read Japanese, Kinokuniya has an online store.
Advertisements
ADDIS ABABA. — An African single air transport market will be launched in January 2018 with 40 plus countries expected to be signatories by then. So far 20 African countries out of 54 have subscribed to African single air market.
The statement was made by David Kajange, Head of Transport and Tourism Division, Department of Infrastructure and Energy at African Union (AU) on Sunday at a press conference on the sidelines on the ongoing 29th AU summit being held from June 27-July 4 in Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa.
A single air transport market is one of the goals of AU's Agenda 2063, aiming to connect Africa through aviation and other transport infrastructure to achieve integration and boost intra-Africa trade.
The single air transport market also aims to boost African nations” tourism, economic growth and economic development.
Kajange says Africa became the most expensive air transport market in the world because of individual nations' policies and regulations that hinder air connectivity.
According to Euroavia International, a firm specialising in consulting services for airports and aviation industry, air transport in Africa is on average twice as expensive as the world average.
An African Open Skies vision has been there since 1980s, culminating in the adoption of the Yamassoukro Decision of African Heads of States of November 14, 1999.
However, between 2004 and 2014, despite sustained economic growth on the continent, an increasing business and tourism sector and growing middle class, the market share of African airlines has dropped dramatically.
The loss of market share by African airlines has been estimated by the AU to have been from 60 percent to below 20 percent. – Xinhua
A cyclist critically injured in a hit-and-run in Melbourne's outer east this week has died in hospital this morning, police say.
It came as police continue to question a 33-year-old man arrested last night over the crash in Ringwood on Tuesday afternoon.
The rider, 45, was hit by a car on Mount Dandenong Road, near Federal Street, just before 2pm.
Police later found the silver Daewoo sedan, believed to have been involved in the smash, burnt out at the rear of a pub overlooking Ringwood Lake off Mount Dandenong Road.
The cyclist, from East Ringwood, suffered life-threatening injuries and was taken to The Alfred hospital in a critical condition.
A Victoria Police spokeswoman said he died in hospital from his injuries this morning.
Officers from the major collision investigation unit arrested the 33-year-old Kilsyth man at 6.40pm yesterday in the Geelong suburb of Belmont.
He is being questioned today. No charges have been laid.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged on Thursday in a bow to worries about the global economy, financial market volatility and sluggish inflation at home, but left open the possibility of a modest policy tightening later this year.
In what amounted to a tactical retreat, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said developments in a tightly linked global economy had in effect forced the U.S. central bank's hand.
“The outlook abroad appears to have become less certain,” Yellen told a news conference after the Fed's policy-setting committee released a statement following a two-day meeting.
She added that a recent fall in U.S. stock prices and a rise in the value of the dollar already were tightening financial market conditions, which could slow U.S. economic growth regardless of what the Fed does.
“In light of the heightened uncertainty abroad ... the committee judged it appropriate to wait,” Yellen said.
The policy statement also nodded squarely to the global economy as a decisive variable within Yellen's “data-dependent” Fed, warning that recent developments abroad and in financial markets might restrain economic activity somewhat and likely put further downward pressure on inflation in the near term.
But the Fed maintained its bias toward a rate hike sometime this year, while lowering its long-term outlook for the economy.
Fresh economic projections showed 13 of 17 Fed policymakers foresee raising rates at least once in 2015, down from 15 at the last meeting in June.
Traders in futures markets cut bets that the central bank would lift rates by December to around a 47 percent probability, from 64 percent before the release of the policy statement.
“We're in the same situation we were in before, which is uncertainty about when are they going to move,” said John Bonnell, a senior portfolio manager at USAA Investments in San Antonio, Texas.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen holds a news conference following the Federal Open Market Committee meeting in Washington September 17, 2015. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Four Fed policymakers now say rates should not be raised until at least 2016, compared to two who felt that way in June. The Fed has policy meetings in October and December.
In deciding when to hike rates, the Fed repeated it wanted to see “some further improvement in the labor market,” and be “reasonably confident” that inflation will increase.
The dollar fell sharply against a basket of currencies after the release of the statement. Stocks initially edged higher before falling and ending the trading session lower. Prices for U.S. Treasuries rose.
‘MORE DOVISH'
Taken as a whole, the latest Fed projections of slower GDP growth, low unemployment and continuing low inflation suggest that concerns of a so-called secular stagnation may be taking root among policymakers. One policymaker even suggested a negative federal funds rate.
The median projection of the 17 policymakers showed the Fed expects the economy to grow 2.1 percent this year, slightly faster than previously thought. However, its forecasts for GDP growth in 2016 and 2017 were downgraded.
Slideshow (4 Images)
The Fed also forecast inflation would creep only slowly toward its 2 percent target even as unemployment dips lower than previously expected. It sees the unemployment rate hitting 4.8 percent next year and remaining at that level for as long as three years.
The Fed's projected interest rate path shifted downward, with the long-run federal funds rate now seen at 3.5 percent, compared to 3.75 percent at the last policy meeting.
Fed officials like board member Jerome Powell and Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart in recent months had publicly endorsed a September rate hike, forming a near majority along with longstanding inflation hawks like Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker. Only Lacker, who wanted to raise rates by a quarter percentage point, dissented on Thursday.
During the Eurozone crisis, many commentators suggested that a country leaving the euro could trigger its collapse, by triggering a cascade of defaults that would bring down the Eurozone banking sector. Others of us argued that such “financial contagion” was a relatively low risk. Instead, we said, the key risk was of “political contagion”. If, say, Greece left the euro and then, eighteen months later, was growing at 4% a year with unemployment falling, then even if its economy had contracted 25% in between, there was a risk that Portuguese, Italian or Spanish voters would look on and say to themselves: “Why are we sticking in the euro and bearing the pain of austerity and high unemployment when leaving and devaluing provides a way to get unemployment down and growth to return?” To counter such political contagion, any departure from the euro would not only have to actually fail but to be seen to fail.
A number of EU leaders seem to be tempted to apply similar reasoning to Brexit. They seem to think that Britain must be punished and seen to lose from departing from the EU, pour encourager les autres. (Donald Tusk's speech yesterday, in which he laid out his view of how negotiations should proceed, was interpreted by some as just one example.) But the analogy between Grexit and Brexit is misplaced and the desire to be seen to “punish” the UK for Brexit is more likely to destroy the EU than to save it.
First, it is a misplaced analogy because neither the UK nor any other countries which have significant anti-EU sentiments have been suffering economically, in any very concrete any demonstrable way, by being EU members. There is nothing akin to austerity and a high exchange rate that is required as a temporary “this hurts but you'll benefit in the long run” measure in order to stay in the EU. Other EU members don't have some temporary pain they must bear for which leaving the EU provides an “easy way out” that might be tempting in the short run even if ultimately damaging over the longer term. There is thus no similarity between the situation of anti EU sentiment in the Netherlands or France or Finland or Hungary and anti-euro sentiment in Spain or Portugal or Italy. There is no “short-run expedient” that Brexit constitutes that other countries must be deterred from taking advantage of.
Indeed, more than that, the UK's situation has long been understood as sui generis. David Cameron liked to boast of the UK's “unique status” within the EU. Well, other EU Member States have noticed that as well. No-one in Hungary is going to imagine that the UK's experience on leaving the EU is a good model for what might happen in Hungary.
Second, though, and more importantly, the idea that Britain must be “punished” to deter other Member States mis-diagnoses the origins of anti-EU sentiment outside the UK and does so in a manner that makes those other states more likely to depart, not less. Voters have increasingly been supporting Eurosceptic or outright anti-EU parties in many EU states because the EU is perceived as having failed economically and in terms of control of its borders, and to be more concerned with its political ideologies than with delivering on the economy or credible border control.
If the EU gets into a fight with the UK over Brexit that might damage the UK economy, but it will certainly damage the EU economy as well. The OECD, in its pre-referendum Brexit impact analysis, assumed that there would be no deal between the UK and the EU between 2018 and 2023. It has been widely discussed that this was forecast to result in the UK losing about 3% in GDP growth. What was less widely discussed was that the OECD estimated that that same struggle would result in the EU losing around 1% in GDP growth.
Suppose you are a car worker in Spain, and you lose your job, post-Brexit, because the EU gets into a row with the UK that means Spanish cars can no longer be exported here. You ask why and the answer you hear from the EU is: “Well, we could have done a deal with the UK that would have allowed you to keep your job, but we thought it was more important that the UK should suffer, even if it means we suffer here as well.” Is that going to make you knuckle under and vote for pro-EU parties? Obviously not. It's going to make you think that the EU doesn't care about the economy, but instead prefers some kind of abstract thing about “protecting the integrity of the EU Project”. And that will make you more likely to vote for populist anti-EU parties.
I think that is the main potential risk to the EU from Brexit. Not that Brexit goes well, but that the EU hurts its perceived political legitimacy, internally, by being seen not to care about economic delivery. And that is not all. Just as in the case of Grexit, as well as the political risk there is risk associated with economic linkages. The EU economy and EU financial sectors are still very fragile. If they were to be cut off from access to the City, by some ill-judged political row, that could lead to many corporate bankruptcies across the EU and even to the collapse of certain EU financial institutions. In combination this political and economic damage could, if the EU plays its hand badly enough, risk the collapse of the EU project altogether.
The EU is not a prison. It does not need guards to shoot those who try to escape. It is a partnership that its members have benefitted from enormously and that they should not need fear to keep them involved in. Have its political leaders really so lost faith in the intrinsic benefits EU membership confers that they now think all that keeps folk inside is the fear of the punishment they will receive if they leave?
This article was originally published by Andrew Lilico and can be read here.
Incident: Croatia DH8D at Zadar on Feb 5th 2016, bird strike
By Simon Hradecky, created Friday, Feb 5th 2016 20:06Z, last updated Friday, Feb 5th 2016 20:06Z A Croatia Airlines de Havilland Dash 8-400, registration 9A-CQD performing flight OU-631 from Pula to Zadar (Croatia) with 23 passengers, was on approach to Zadar when a bird impacted the aircraft. The aircraft continued for a safe landing in Zadar, but was unable to continue for its next sector to Zagreb (Croatia).
In a statement to Avioradar Croatia the airline confirmed a bird strike preventing the aircraft to continue its schedule, the passengers to Zagreb were bussed to Zagreb.
Add your comment: (max 1024 characters) Your Name: Your Email: Subject: Your comment:
The Aviation Herald Apps
Android and iOS
Support The Aviation Herald
one time
Monthly support 1 €/month
Interview: The human factor named "Simon Hradecky" and the team of man and machine
Yesterday the Toronto Blue Jays signed Edwin Encarnacion to a three-year, $27 million contract that also includes a $10 club option for a fourth season.
I'll lightly touch upon WAR analysis without going too far in-depth. I'm sure you can find standard WAR breakdowns at Fan Graphs and other sites.
Cliff Notes WAR on the Transaction:
A WAR is around $4.5 million. If WAR is your thing, EE has to post roughly 6 WAR in 3 seasons to justify his contract. This season EE has 2.8 WAR and is on pace for over 5.0 WAR
If EE can maintain his success, his contract is a bargain. If he regresses I think the contract still represents a good risk vs reward.
With that out of the way, I'd rather look at some of the ‘cool stuff' such as heat maps and varying statistics. I think some of the following examples showcase the value the Jays could potentially receive from the contract.
Timeline
I think many will agree with me that the new EE, you know, the one that earned the $27 million contract, appeared in the second half of last season. Because of this, all of the stats found below are from last seasons all-star break (July 14th) until this seasons all-star break. Roughly a season's worth of data. And away we go…
Plate Coverage
If you throw a strike, EE is going to make you pay. Edwin's slugging in the strike zone, in numerical and heat map graphics:
The only questionable area for Edwin is middle-inside. But if you're a pitcher and you see a .950 slugging percentage low and in, are you willing to risk it?
Good Bad Ball Hitter
As we've seen, EE owns the majority of the strike zone. He has also found a great deal of success when offering at pitches outside of the strike zone.
Using our predetermined timeline, Edwin has a .848 OPS and .409 wOBA on pitches outside of the strike zone. Both of these marks are 97th percentile, making him one of baseball's elite on pitches outside of the zone.
And EE doesn't chase pitches out of the zone too often: His chase percentage of 22.3% is in the upper echelon of MLB batters, ranking in the 89th percentile.
It goes without saying that EE presents a difficult match-up for pitchers. He mashes in the zone, he's one of the games best outside of the zone — what's the game plan for opposing pitchers?
EE vs Pitch Type
I should preface this section with the following: Nearly every MLB hitter has trouble against one or two pitches. For example, since 2009 Jose Bautista is 3 for 47 (.064) with no extra base hits against curveballs.
Let's start at the bottom for EE and work our way up.
Cold
EE has had trouble with two pitches — cutters and sinkers
Cutters: .161/.200/.194 , 0 HR in 35 PA
Sinkers: .231/.355/.269 , 0 HR in 31 PA (At least he's getting on base)
Warming Up
The ‘Book' on Edwin is to throw him sliders. His batting average against sliders is a parltry .236 mark. However, he's slugging .455 against the pitch, including an HR rate of 6.5% per outcome.
Edwin handles curveballs, posting a stellar .365 wOBA vs the pitch that includes a .304 BA and .457 SLG
On Fire
Change-ups. Well, EE hits 'em like he's Ted Williams. Against changes Edwin is hitting .408, throwing up a 1.096 OPS and an insane .471 wOBA.
And fastballs? Edwin is in the 95th percentile in the MLB, posting video game like numbers vs the pitch, including .451 wOBA, 1.076 OPS and crazy .332 WHAV (well-hit-average).
I like to think that the slight struggles against cutters and sinkers are more than offset by his dominance against fastballs and change-ups.
Sum of Parts
I like to think that EE is a player that:
A) Mashes in the Zone
B) Doesn't chase too often. When he does he's one of the games best at translating chases into positive results
C) Eats fastballs and change-ups for breakfast. Holds his own against common off-speed offerings such as curveballs and sliders
Throw in Edwin's willingness to do what's best for the team by switching positions and his newfound ability to intelligently steal bases and I think the Jays receive a tremendous value by locking Edwin up at $9 million a season.
Notes: Stats, Heat Maps via Fan Graphs, ESPN True Media
As the UFC's schedule continues to fill with fight after fight, it's becoming increasingly difficult for fighters to stand out from the pack. So what's the best way to get it done?
We asked a number of UFC notables, including UFC bantamweight champion T.J. Dillashaw, heavyweight contender Travis Browne, UFC welterweight champion Johny Hendricks, top women's bantamweight contender Miesha Tate and future UFC Hall of Famer B.J. Penn.
Dillashaw, who recently announced his arrival to the level of superstardom with a stunning destruction of former champ Renan Barao, believes the answer is simple.
“Obviously, you always want to go in there and win, but do it in exciting fashion,” Dillashaw said.
It's a sentiment echoed by Penn, who this past weekend elected to end a memorable career after a disappointing TKO loss. “The Prodigy,” long a fan favorite, believes what ultimately matters is what happens in the cage, and if you handle things properly, fan support should prove easy.
“Destroy every single guy standing in front of you until people can't help but recognize who you are,” Penn said.
Of course, as MMA evolves, fan relations, mic skills and more are all factors when it comes to fighter popularity. Check out the video above to hear some of MMA's most popular fighters discuss how to separate yourself from the pack.
For more on the UFC's busy schedule, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
The “Rate This Player” UI now clearly indicates which options are Negative, Neutral, or Positive
Genji
Swift Strike
Impact damage has been slightly increased
Damage-over-time effect has been removed
Mei
Blizzard
Mei can no longer gain ultimate charge while Blizzard is active
Mercy
Caduceus Staff
Damage Boost Beam
Damage bonus has been reduced
Resurrect
Effect now happens at the start of the cast time, instead of the end
Note: We are reverting the change to Resurrect made in our November 9 patch
Widowmaker
Widow's Kiss
Scoped shot damage has been slightly reduced
Scoped shots will now consume 3 bullets instead of 1
A new beta patch is now live. Read below to learn about the latest changes.To share your feedback, please post in the Beta Feedback forum.For a list of known issues, visit our Beta Bug Report forum.
DOUBLE YOUR DONATION
THIS GIVING TUESDAY TRUNKS UP - YOU DID IT! We're delighted to let you know that thanks to all our amazing and generous friends, we've hit our Matched Giving target! In less than 12 hours, you have helped raise an incredible $370,000 for our lifesaving projects in Kenya, which courtesy of extremely generous pledges from matching donors, will now be doubled to $740,000! This is more than we could have dreamed possible in a day, and it was in response to your generosity that additional donors pledged extra funds today, increasing our match fund from it's original $250,000 up to this final amount of $370,000. This means we have now reached our maximum Matched Giving limit and any donations now made through our website and Giving Tuesday Campaign page will not be matched, however they will still make a massive difference to the lives of the elephants in our care, and the protection of their wild friends. On behalf of our entire team, and our matching donors who have asked to remain anonymous, we would like to say a huge thank you for being instrumental in generating these funds today. We are totally in awe of everyone's generosity and the response to this matched funding opportunity. From the rescue and rehabilitation of orphaned elephants, to flying thousands of kilometres every month on patrol, your support is helping to save more wild lives. Importantly, it is also supporting our efforts to ensure the orphans in our care today, and those we will be called to rescue, will have a safe and protected area in which to roam and grow old - a space to be elephants. Once again, from each and every one of us at The David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, two legged and four, a heartfelt thank you again for your generosity and steadfast support. Meet Emoli and Maisha. We rescued them from death's door within a few weeks of each other and, over the past couple of months, they have become quite the dynamic duo. Today, 28th November, you have the opportunity to perform a double act of your own. Generous partners have pledged to match all online donations made to the DSWT, on Giving Tuesday, up to a total of US$250,000. That means, for today only, your gift will go twice as far in supporting our conservation work in Kenya! Please donate now to have your donation doubled. Emoli and Maisha are both orphans of the devastating drought that has ravaged Southern Tsavo. Alone, motherless and frightened, we rescued these tiny drought victims from death's door and they've been growing healthier with each passing day thanks to nourishing milk, a nurturing keeper presence and 24 hour care. The only thing better than witnessing this transformation is seeing how much they have drawn strength and support from each other. Their journey, however, is far from over. When we rescue an orphan elephant, we don't just commit to them for a few years — we promise to protect them and watch over their family for a lifetime. With more persistent droughts decimating food sources and human-wildlife conflict on the rise as habitats shrink, this commitment of guardianship is needed now more than ever. Today we have the opportunity to generate a staggering $500,000 for our elephant protection projects but we have less than 24 hours to do it. Your gift will be directed to our extensive and proven field operations which protect vital habitats, work with communities to reduce human-wildlife conflict, keep our trained rangers operational and provide an immediate response to any injured animal in need. Ultimately ensuring orphans like Emoli and Maisha are protected from rescue through to old age, with a safe and spacious wilderness to call home when they start their own families. Every donation, however much you are able to give, makes a big difference. Investing in proven conservation solutions, over the past 40 years we have reintegrated over 100 orphaned elephants back into the wild and protected them and the habitats they call home through coordinated boots on the ground and aerial surveillance. Working alongside the Kenya Wildlife Service, to date, we've attended over 4,000 animals cases, confiscated over 125,000 snares and witnessed the birth of 28 babies to wild living ex orphans (that we know of!) but we couldn't have achieved this alone and it's through your contributions that we can make a real and long lasting difference. Recent events in the USA around lifting a ban on the import of elephant hunting trophies have only underscored yet another dire threat facing elephants' survival. But it has also demonstrated the positive impact we can have when we stand together for elephants (with any decision now on hold). So let's work together again today, when your gift is urgently needed and can have double the impact it would have on any other day. $15 will become $30, which could provide two days specialist milk for an orphaned elephant
$50 will become $100, which could plant 50 tree saplings to reforest vital habitats
$100 will become $200, which could deliver 40,000 litres of water in times of drought
$500 will become $1,000, which could keep a plane flying by funding an aerial patrol
$1,000 will become $2,000, which could rescue an orphaned elephant
$5,000 will become $10,000, which could purchase five acres of wildlife habitat Forty years of observing elephants have shown us that they work together, especially during the hard times. Today, on Giving Tuesday, is your chance to join us in safeguarding the future of elephants like Emoli and Maisha, at a time when your gift can go twice as far. Together, we are their hope. Thank you for your help and steadfast support, Dame Daphne Sheldrick and Angela Sheldrick RULES OF THE CAMPAIGN Start date and time: 03.00AM PST (11am GMT) on Tuesday 28th November 2017 End date and time: 23:59PM PST on Tuesday 28th November 2017 (07.59AM GMT on Wednesday 29th November 2017) or when the US$250,000 matching fund is exhausted, whichever comes first. Matching conditions: All online donations made directly to the DSWT via our website during the campaign, including to DSWT USA and DSWT UK, will be matched dollar for dollar (pound for pound) up to a total matched fund amount of US$250,000. Donations that will not be matched: Donations made before 3AM Pacific Standard Time on Tuesday 28th November, after 11.59PM Pacific Standard Time on Tuesday 28th November 2017, and donations made after the matched funding runs out will not be matched. Direct debits made to the UK Charity will also not be matched, nor will donations made to the DSWT Gift Shop.
Valentine's Day inspires many people to share stories about relationships and to show love, both on and off Facebook. This Valentine's Day, the Facebook Data Science team is showing their love for data through a series of relationship-related posts. Here's a collection of original research on the nature of relationships and other Valentine's Day topics that the team has explored this week.
Love and Religion
A look at people in relationships on Facebook who have listed their religion, revealing that interfaith relationships are rare in most countries, especially among married couples and older people.
The Age of Love
An exploration of age differences between people in relationships around the world, finding that among opposite-sex couples, males are consistently 2-5 years older than females, and these differences are higher for same-sex couples.
Looking for Love
The team identified the best cities for single people measured along three dimensions: percentage of single people, probability of relationship formation, and single female-to-male ratio.
The top five cities (among the top 50 population centers) by percentage of single people are:
1. Detroit, MI
2. Los Angeles, CA
3. New York, NY
4. Miami, FL
5. Memphis, TN
The top five cities in terms of the largest probability of relationship formation for a single person:
1. Colorado Springs, CO
2. El Paso, TX
3. Louisville, KY
4. Fort Worth, TX
5. San Antonio, TX
This chart shows an inverse correlation between percentage of singles in these cities and relationship formation.
Most single females per single male:
1. Memphis, TN
2. Jacksonville, FL
3. Fort Worth, TX
4. Charlotte, NC
5. Richmond, VA
Most single males per single female:
1. San Francisco, CA
2. San Jose, CA
3. Seattle, WA
4. Salt Lake City, UT
5. San Diego, CA
We considered only people on Facebook in the US age 21+ and sourced anonymized, aggregated data over a one month time frame for Looking for Love. Probability of relationship formation is the likelihood a single person will enter a relationship in a city based on the number of people who have changed their relationship status from single to in a relationship during the month. Data used in all posts is anonymized and aggregated. Stay tuned for more to come on the Data Science [https://www.facebook.com/data] Page on Valentine's Day and the day after.
Top Restaurant Check-ins
Facebook also compiled popular Valentine's Day hotspots based on check-ins over the past few years to help singles and couples find a great restaurant in 10 US metropolitan areas:
Atlanta
1. The Varsity
2. TWO Urban Licks
3. Rays on The River
4. The Sun Dial Restaurant, Bar & View
5. Gladys Knight & Ron Winans Chicken and Waffles
6. Atlanta Fish Market
7. Metro Cafe Diner
8. Canoe Restaurant
9. Chops Lobster Bar
10. Kevin Rathbun Steak
Boston
1. Blue Dragon
2. Salvatore's
3. Top of the Hub
4. Tokyo Japanese Steak House
5. Mare Boston
6. Grill 23 & Bar
7. da Vinci
8. FiRE+iCE Boston
9. The Vault
10. Mooo Restaurant
Chicago
1. Siena Tavern
2. Brazzaz Official Site
3. Carnivale
4. Grand Lux Cafe
5. Billy Goat Inns
6, Cafe Babareeba
7. Weber Grill Restaurant
8. Connie's Pizza
9. Ginos East of Chicago
10. Las Tablas Restaurant
Houston
1. El Tiempo Cantina Navigation
2. The Hay Merchant
3. BB's Cafe
4. Brady's Landing Restaurant
5. Chama Gaucha Brazilian Steakhouse
6. Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House
7. Américas
8. Pappas Bros
9. Cavatore Italian Restaurant
10. the breakfast klub
Las Vegas
1. Rio Carnival World Buffet
2. Eiffel Tower Restaurant
3. Mariscos Las Islitas
4. Rhythm Kitchen Seafood & Steaks
5. Top of the World
6. Mon Ami Gabi – Las Vegas
7. Sushi Samba Palazzo Hotel Las Vegas
8. The Wicked Spoon
9. Serendipity 3
10. Diablo's Cantina
Los Angeles
1. The Stinking Rose – Beverly Hills
2. KATSUYA
3. La Barca Grill & Cantina
4. Luminarias Restaurant
5. LA Prime
6. Il Cielo Restaurant
7. Bottega Louie Restaurant and Gourmet Market
8. Lawry's The Prime Rib, Beverly Hills
9. The Abbey Food & Bar | West Hollywood
10. Rock N Fish LA Live
Miami
1. Barton G. The Restaurant
2. The Rusty Pelican Restaurant in Miami
3. Smith & Wollensky
4. Joe's Stone Crab Restaurant
5. Panorama Restaurant
6. Cobb Cinebistro
7. Anacapri On Ponce
8. GreenStreet Cafe
9. Sugarcane Raw Bar Grill
10. Red Fish Grill
New York City
1. Ainsworth Park
2. Sushi Mikasa
3, Dallas BBQ
4. Pio Pio Restaurant
5. Don Coqui Astoria
6. El Rodeo Guzman
7. Ben & Jack
8. New Corner Restaurant
9. Flo Lounge Restaurant
10. 54 Below
San Francisco
1. Stock in Trade
2. Yoshi's San Francisco
3. Thanh Long
4. The Stinking Rose
5. Espetus Churrascaria
6. Rosamunde Sausage Grill
7. Franciscan Crab Restaurant
8. Sutro's At The Cliff House
9. Kincaid's
10. The Spinnaker
Washington, DC
1. Clyde's Restaurant
2. Bravo! Bravo!
3. Coco Cabana Bar & Grill
4. Phillips Flagship
5. The Park at Fourteenth
6. Mi Rancho Restaurant
7. Ben's Chili Bowl
8. Woodmont Grill
9. Vinoteca DC
10. Ray's The Steaks
These are the top 10 most popular restaurants in each city based on volume of Facebook check-ins and increase in Facebook check-ins during the week of Valentine's Day over the past four years. Restaurants with more than ten locations nationwide are excluded, and only Facebook check-ins within a 10 mile radius of city centers are considered.
—-
Celebs Celebrate on Facebook
Many public figures including actors, models and singers shared their Valentine's Day plans and memories with fans on Facebook, often using the hashtag #MyValentine. Here are a few standouts:
By Mandy Zibart, Carolyn Thomas and Dustin Cable, Facebook Consumer Communications, and Facebook Data Science.
National Assembly committee calls for greater protection for Welsh historic place names
The Welsh Government's proposed law to protect historic buildings and monuments should proceed to the next step in the legislative process, says the National Assembly's Communities, Equality and Local Government Committee. But, the Committee has called for the Government to amend the Bill to give greater protection for historic place names.
The Committee supported the Bill, which largely makes changes to the existing laws aimed at protecting and preserving Wales' monuments and historic buildings. In particular, it suggested that new enforcement measures, such as enforcement and temporary stop notices, would better equip authorities in the fight to preserve Wales' heritage.
Despite its support for the Bill, the Committee highlighted the fact that historic Welsh place names currently have no legal protection and could be changed with little or no challenge. According to the Committee, this was a gap within the law that needs to be addressed.
SOURCE: assembly.wales
Jamie Whyte thinks Sweden's example of how to approach indigenous peoples is a good one to follow here. That means he supports a separate Maori Parliament for New Zealand.
Jamie Whyte obviously has decided to double-down on his whole "Maori are the noblesse de race of New Zealand" schtick, because if nothing else it's gotten people to pay him some attention. And he's also obviously decided that (as many a blogger also has realised) there's a lot more traction to be gained from generating a feud with someone else (damn you Scott Yorke! Damn you to hell!!) than there is in just shouting your views into the empty air.
So he's penned an "open letter" to the country's Race Relations Commissioner, Dame Susan Devoy, asking her why she's being so mean to him when all he is calling for is something that other nice, respectable places are pursuing with alacrity.
Now, sure, the fact that he included Fiji on his list perhaps is a little surprising, given that we usually associate that place with somewhat brutal military rule rather than good public policy modelling. But he's the politician who must know what he's doing, not me, so I'll pass over that choice in silence.
Because his open letter also notes with approval that:
The Swedish Immigration Minister, Erik Ullenhag, considers that “the fundamental grounds of racism are based on the belief that there are different races, and that belonging to a race makes people behave in a certain way, and that some races are better than others.” The government rejects these sentiments.” “The concept of race is included in around 20 Swedish laws, including criminal code, student financial aid laws, and credit information laws. On Thursday the Swedish government began an investigation into how to remove the concept from all legislation, as has been done in Austria and Finland.”
This is then used as a basis for Jamie Whyte's challenge to Dame Susan; "do you consider it 'grotesque' that these countries are taking steps to ensure that race has no place in their laws?" Which is, one assumes, meant to be a rhetorical question. Because how could anyone regard the home of Robyn as being "grotesque"?
Well, it should not come as a complete shock to you to learn that Whyte has got his example pretty much completely wrong. A hint as to why this might be is that he claims to have sourced his information about Sweden from the "News Letter of the NZCPR.com", which is a bit like relying on The Daily Blog for learning about the benefits of free-trade agreements (and Boom! another blog-war kindled!!).
For it is true that Ullenhag is proposing to remove the term "race" from Swedish legislation. But this doesn't mean that Swedish law is going to become "the same" for everyone, in the way that Jamie Whyte claims Act wants for New Zealand:
After the coming election, ACT's MPs will work to have all race-based laws repealed. The precise mechanism or process must be decided once a government is formed. But the particular process followed is not as important as the goal.
Here's a follow-up interview with Ullenhag, discussing what is intended by his Government for Sweden:
"First, we need to determine if we need something instead of race, a different expression," Ullenhag explained. He said that in many laws the terminology should be an easy fix - it will still be illegal to discriminate against ethnic background or religion, for instance. The government also needs to make sure the new Swedish law proposals are in line with international human rights conventions. "There are many international conventions that use the word race, so we have to make sure we don't miss anything. The problem is that the word 'race' is used differently in different countries," Ullenhag said. Sweden must ensure that the decision complies with the EU Anti-Discrimination Directive, which demands that EU nations provide protection against discrimination on the grounds of "racial or ethnic origin".
And from that same article, here's a discussion of what happens in other European nations that Sweden is proposing to follow;
But Sweden's step, although seen by some as bold, is hardly ground-breaking. Austria has already "rejected the idea of separate races" and replaced the term race in legal texts with the term "ethnic affiliation", as is also done in Hungary. In French legislation references are made to "real or assumed" race, another method of watering down the term.
So far from creating "one law for all" by entirely getting rid of all laws that are "race-based", these countries are instead simply revisiting and revising the way that they talk about "race" as a concept in their legislation. An equivalent in New Zealand would be to take s.3 of the Electoral Act 1993, which states:
Maori means a person of the Maori race of New Zealand; and includes any descendant of such a person
and reword it to read:
Maori means a member of an Iwi or Hapu; and includes any descendent of such a person.
That may (or may not) be a wise thing to do - but it certainly isn't the call that Jamie Whyte issued in Hamilton last week, which is what Dame Susan criticised him for.
Furthermore, if Jamie Whyte really wants to hold Sweden up as the model for New Zealand to follow, maybe he should take a closer look at how that country treats its own indigenous people.
Oh - what's that, you say? You didn't know that Sweden had an indigenous people?
Well, it does. The Sami, who have raised their Reindeer herds across the Nordic countries since the last ice age. They are Europe's sole recognised "indigenous people" at international law. So just how does Jamie Whyte's role-nation approach its equivalent to New Zealand's Maori?
Well, on 1 January 2011, the Swedish Constitution was amended to explicitly recognize Sami as a people. This followed a long-standing request of Sami to be distinguished from other minority groups in Sweden. Furthermore, in Sweden, 3,000 Sami practise reindeer herding, managing approximately 250,000 reindeer in areas scattered across the northern 40 per cent of the country.
Sweden's 1971 Reindeer Grazing Act then allows Sami to use land and water for themselves and for their stock. These reindeer-herding rights are exclusive and limited to this Sami who live within designated communities, called samebyar, and practise reindeer herding as their principal livelihood. And when it comes to accessing land for grazing purposes, Sweden's Supreme Court ruled in April 2011 that customary land use, showing due consideration to reindeer-herding practices, as opposed to Swedish property law, should determine the matter.
What is more, the Sami people have their own Parliament, the Samitinget, recognised by Swedish law and part-funded by Sweden (along with the other Nordic countries where the Sami live). While its powers are somewhat limited (it can't tax or legislate), it does have a bunch of administrative and financial responsibilities which are exercised in a special (dare one say it, seperate) way:
When it comes to State agencies, the norm is that the government has the right to stipulate directives for the operations, and the agency shall then act on the politics of the government. The government's directives are formed through a special ordinance or instruction. Through their organization and objective, the Sami Parliament has a special status. The tasks of the Sami Parliament are written in an act, the Sami Parliament Act, and not in a government ordinance. The basic idea itself with a popularly elected body is that the Sami can independently take care of certain own concerns.
Just in case you're wondering who gets to vote for members of this Sami Parliament, here's a hint - it isn't all Swedish people. Instead, you have to be just like the Ancien Régime to take part in its elections.
So, for the second time today, a word of advice to my friends on the right of the political spectrum. Before putting out an "open letter" (or a media release, or other public document), make Google your friend. Because it really can save you from talking an awful load of garbage.
Conservative author David Frum, a speechwriter for former President George W. Bush, announced Wednesday that he cast an early vote for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
"To vote for Trump as a protest against Clinton's faults would be like amputating a leg because of a sliver in the toe; cutting one's throat to lower one's blood pressure," Frum wrote in an editorial for The Atlantic Wednesday.
ADVERTISEMENT
Frum has been a fierce critic of Clinton's but admitted last month in a separate editorial that he was struggling to make a decision between Clinton and his own party's nominee.
"Trump is a man without political ideas. Trump's main interest has been and will continue to be self-enrichment by any means, no matter how crooked," Frum wrote in the Wednesday op-ed titled “The Conservative Case for Voting for Clinton.”
Throughout the 2016 campaign, Frum has pointed out Trump's ability to seize on issues important to Republican voters, but he concluded that he had to "act decisively before it's too late" in his vote for Clinton.
The Atlantic contributor said he has "no illusions" about Clinton but insisted she is a patriot who "will uphold the sovereignty and independence of the United States."
"I do not imagine that she will meet me, or those who think like me, anywhere within a country mile of half-way," he wrote of Clinton.
"Your hand may hesitate to put a mark beside the name Hillary Clinton. You're not doing it for her. The vote you cast is for the republic and the Constitution," he said.
Given below are paragraphs of an article published in Times of India(9 April 2010) about German delegation's Ahmedabad visit. Under each paragraph there is a narration of how a common man of Gujarat would react to the German delegation for each of their statements.
Times of India reports:A German parliamentary delegation, on a two-day visit to the city(Ahmedabad) to study the state of minorities in Gujarat, concluded that the decision of the European Union to not grant a visa to chief minister Narendra Modi, was justified and they advocated the ban on his visit to Europe even in the near future.
DG:Don't they have any business to do in Germany? With what intention they were here in Gujarat traveling thousands of miles, taking all efforts? Do our delegations visit Germany to know what is the situation of minority people there? And what parliamentary delegation? How many people in delegation were parliament members? Only two? Then how come this is a parliamentary delegation? In two days they can study the state of minorities in Gujarat and can even deliver a conclusion? Rubbish or not? Do Germans give conclusions this way? Then next time we in Gujarat will have to think about purchasing German machinery for our textile plants in Gujarat. Chinese are already making good copy. And our Panchal bhais are also capable. And what about this European Union's decision about not to grant visa to Chief Minister Narendra Modi? When did he demand visa to visit any European country? And show us in writing that on which date, who in European Union decided not to grant visa to Chief Minister Narendra Modi? What kind of humbug talks are going on here? And who are these two MPs and other two associates to say something on behalf of European Union? We have over 500 MPs and they also include some gangsters and some scamsters. Should we make them free to roam in other countries to give verdicts on their affairs? Sorry but no bashing tourism please.
Times of India reports:Speaking to the media on Thursday, member of parliament of the ruling Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Ute Granold said, “The chief minister of Gujarat has a radical tone to his politics and is described as dictatorial. He has a wrong perception of religious freedom.”
DG:Speaking to what media? Not all media was invited. They called a select press in which only selectively some people were invited. Indian Express has used this word ‘Select Press' in its article about German mission. Why they were shying to call whole group of media? What was the motive behind this? They called group of select media and started bashing Gujarat Chief Minister. What is a dirty behavior? You go to somebody's house and then start bashing the head person of that house. Sorry, but this is not Indian culture. Using political words like “radical tone and described as dictatorial” is smart tactic but three time elected Chief Minister with 2/3rd majority can't be dictatorial. Does this German MP know what is called dictatorial? Does any dictatorial person win free and fair election with 2/3 majority continuously for three time? Who actually has a radical tone to politics? We can better describe Ute Granold herself as a person possessing radical tone to her politics because she is here in Gujarat thousands of mile away from her home with the backing of Catholic religious mission. Radicals are those who pump in billions of bucks to poor countries to spread their religion converting poor and tribal people. We never come to Germany to convert Germans. We never pump in money to lure poor in foreign countries to leave their natural religion. Ute Granold should better learn English and know proper meaning of ‘radical' and ‘dictatorial'.
Times of India reports: Their visit was described as “unofficial” and supported by Missio, a Catholic non-governmental organisation. The four-member team has been closely following the developments in the Gujarat riots cases of 2002 in the Supreme Court.
DG: Alright so this is unofficial visit. Then why they use the word ‘parliamentary delegation'? The agency that has supported them is Missio, a Catholic non-governmental organisation. Thanks Times of India for mentioning this in the article. This makes things more clear. This group is involved in Christian conversion activities. According to Home Ministry reports this Missio pumped in crores of Rs to India in just one year. The German delegation is on unofficial visit, because officially they would certainly not be allowed to carry out such studies being this country. The US non-governmental agency didn't get visa and permit to carry out similar kind of study several times in the past. Such are the tricks of these German right wing MPs that they use ‘Parliamentary delegation' title even though they are on unofficial visit. So on what kind of Visa they are in India? Are they on Tourist Visa? And with what intention somebody in Germany would follow developments in the Gujarat riot cases of 2002 in the Supreme Court closely? There is Baghdad and there is Afghanistan and also Israel and Tibet and many other major flash-point and thousands of more serious incidents happening everywhere but why these Germans are following Gujarat riot cases? This foreign interest in Supreme Court's cases is suspicious, should be considered seriously and this group should be investigated for that.
Times of India reports:Pascal Kober, member of Free Democrat Party said that they got reports from people about how conversion was becoming difficult under the new religious freedom law where baptising ceremonies were getting reported.
DG: At least this Free Democrat Party member revealed the truth behind his delegation's Gujarat bashing. Pascal says they got reports from people about how conversion was becoming difficult under the new religious freedom law where baptising ceremonies are getting reported. So here comes this group's motive. Gujarat had passed a law against forceful religious conversion few years back. So it is not Modi's ‘radical tone' , ‘2002 riots', or ‘dictatorial description' responsible for bashing, but it is this Anti-conversion law that this delegation has problem with. Baptism is final token procedure that converts a person. These right wing MPs have problem with baptising ceremonies getting reported! Remember baptism is not banned like it is banned in Muslim nations, here baptism needs just to be reported with concerned govt office, but German Christian delegation has problem with it, perhaps because they might be wishing to convert the masses silently. German politicians are objecting laws passed by Gujarat assembly in full constitutional framework. If you Mr. Pascal gets report from people of Gujarat as he said, then he should tell those people from India/Gujarat to go to court or change the government. Mr. Pascal from Germany needs not to interfere. There are dozens of Christian countries and Muslim countries. Mr. Pascal and associates should respect the diversity to prevail and allow some Hindus to remain on this planet.
Times of India reports:On the comparisons of Modi with Hitler, Granold said, “We were shocked to learn of the parallels that have been drawn with Germany under Hitler and Gujarat and how school textbooks here represented the darkest chapters of German history where persecution of Jews was completely missing.”
DG: Now this is completely laughable on one side and inexcusable on other side. Modi should explore an option to file defamation suit against these German MPs. Let them stay in India to fight the case and then they would actually read the textbooks and they will be exposed for their lie about textbooks in Gujarat. Having said this, what is missing in textbooks and what should be there in the textbooks of Gujarat is not German MPs concern.
Times of India reports:They said that they would be submitting a report on what they saw in Gujarat to the committee on human rights in Germany and to various other parliamentary groups. “We feel that our report will influence the perception of this state in Germany,” said Kober, to a question on whether this would impact any possible investments in Gujarat from Germany.
DG: Now what kind of report is this? On what ground this delegation got Visa? What was the reason of allowing their visit to India? They are perhaps suitable to be deported for violation of Visa rules if they are here for preparing some kind of report contrary to their reason described for getting Indian Visa. Who cares about human rights committee in Germany? In the name of human rights these people guard those involved in converting poor people of other countries. Just by Visiting Ahmedabad for two days, they are making report. Oh oh, does Germany make PhD in three days? And doctors in four days? And Engineers in five days this way? And who cares about influence or perception of Gujarat in Germany? They should worry about perception of Germany in Gujarat that they are creating due to their visit! All Germans are not right wing Christian radicals, so they will continue to invest in Gujarat. If Gujarat companies stop buying German machinery for their gigantic plants, then Germans would have to worry, thanks to such MPs they have elected.
Times of India reports:They also met leader of Opposition Shaktisinh Gohil and former MP Madhusudan Mistry and will be visiting Orissa next. The others in the team were Jan Bittner, foreign policy chairman of CDU parliamentary group and Otmar Ochring, director, human rights, Missio.
DG: Aahha, here comes news. Thanks Times of India for mentioning our Gohil saheb and Mistry saheb. DNA or Indian Express have not mentioned that. We don't need to say anything on this because our readers know these things better and this is our own issue. But the choice of visit to Orissa clearly indicates that this group is here for what mission. In Orissa, one Hindu saint Lakshmanandji who protested Christian conversion in his area was brutally killed, after which attacks on Christian missions occurred. So this delegation's choice of Orissa indicates its interest.
Also read:
German MPs mind your own business
German Christian Mission delegation meet Gujarat Congress leaders
German Parliamentary Delegation should apologize: Chief Minister
Germany sends Rs9710169000 ‘donation' to India annually
BJP wants Govt to seek explanation from German envoy
BJP submits memorandum to German envoy
Germany preaching human rights? Look whose talking!
Johnny Got His Gun is a 1971 American drama anti-war film written and directed by Dalton Trumbo based on his novel of the same name, and starring Timothy Bottoms, Kathy Fields, Marsha Hunt, Jason Robards, Donald Sutherland and Diane Varsi. It was based on the novel of the same title by Trumbo, and features an uncredited writing collaboration by Luis Buñuel. The film was released on DVD in the U.S on April 28, 2009 via Shout! Factory, with special features.
Although Johnny Got His Gun was a minor success at the time of its release, it was largely forgotten soon after by mass audiences. The film became far better known when it was incorporated in the video of Metallica's song "One", whose popularity subsequently turned Johnny Got His Gun into a cult film. Eventually, the members of Metallica bought the rights to the film in order to keep showing the music video without having to pay additional royalty fees.[2]
Plot [ edit ]
Joe Bonham (Bottoms), a young American soldier hit by an artillery shell during World War I, lies in a hospital bed. He is a quadruple amputee who has also lost his eyes, ears, mouth and nose. He remains conscious and able to reason, but his wounds render him a prisoner in his own body. As he drifts between reality and fantasy, he remembers his old life with his family and girlfriend (Kathy Fields). He also forms a bond, of sorts, with a young nurse (Diane Varsi) who senses his plight.
Eventually, Joe tries to communicate to his doctors, via Morse code by tapping his head, saying "help." He wishes for the US Army to put him in a glass coffin in a freak show as a demonstration of the horrors of war. When told that his wish may be impossible to grant, he responds begging to be euthanized, repeatedly saying "kill me."
He ultimately realizes that the Army can grant neither wish, and will leave him in a state of living death. His sympathetic nurse attempts to euthanize him by clamping his breathing tube, but her supervisor stops her before Joe can succumb. Joe realizes that he will never be released from his state of entrapment and he is left alone, weakly chanting, "S.O.S. Help me."
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
The film distinguishes between Joe's reality and fantasy with black-and-white for the hospital, and color for his dreams and memories. His dreams are drug-induced, as when he talks to his dead father and Jesus Christ, with the color being saturated. His memories are in a clearer color, such as the fishing trip and his last night with Kareen. Joe's injuries are never seen in the hospital scenes; his face is covered by a mask and his body by the hospital sheets.
Reception [ edit ]
The film was entered into the 1971 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Grand Prix Spécial du Jury and the FIPRESCI Prize.[3] The film currently has a 70% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Legacy [ edit ]
In 1988, the heavy metal band Metallica released the song "One" and used clips from the film in the song's music video.
In the 2008 remake, actor Benjamin McKenzie performed as Joe Bonham in the "live on stage, on film" version of the 1982 Off-Broadway play based on the novel.[4] In October 2010, a special educational DVD of the 2008 film version starring McKenzie became available free of charge to every high school library in the U.S. The educational DVD contains both a pre-screening and post-screening discussion guide for students in addition to a 15-minute featurette on the making of the film, the original movie's theatrical trailer, and a history of the original novel.[citation needed]
In early 2009, the 1971 film made its U.S. DVD debut, produced by Shout! Factory. The DVD included the film plus a 2005 documentary (Dalton Trumbo: Rebel In Hollywood), new cast interviews, an article about the film from American Cinematographer, Metallica's music video "One," behind-the-scenes footage with commentary by stars Timothy Bottoms and Jules Brenner, the 1940 radio adaptation starring James Cagney, and the original theatrical trailer. However, it contains some brief edits, because a European print was used for the video source.
Interestingly, a TV film of the same name (only translated to Czech) was made in communist Czechoslovakia in 1984 which served as anti-American propaganda.
https://www.fdb.cz/film/johnny-si-vzal-pusku/107345
Music legend Robbie Robertson points out six landmarks from his youth chronicled in his new memoir Testimony
By Ron Johnson
Robbie Robertson with The Band at The Last Waltz concert, Nov. 25, 1976
Robbie Robertson's new memoir, Testimony, is a long time coming. He could have written it any time in the last quarter century or so, but according to him: “I was doing other stuff.” All right then. The book often reads like an incredible buddy film starring Robertson and his big brother character Levon Helm. It chronicles their many adventures during the early days with Ronnie Hawkins and later Levon and the Hawks and, of course, the Band, as well as his childhood right here in Toronto. During an interview with Post City, Robertson told us about a few of the landmarks about town that make an appearance in Testimony.
Alhambra Cinema, 568 Bloor St.
Talk about entertainment, you could go, there would be a cartoon, a serial, a news segment and a movie or maybe a double feature. It was a whole afternoon. And it was like a temple to me. I would go there and I saw movies that would blow my mind and that's where I became addicted to movies.
Christie Pits
It was the closest big park to where I lived [in the Annex, see above] when I was really young. It was a strange park. You know, a lot of parks you go to there might be trees, and a little pond or bushes and stuff, a place to kick a ball around. Christie Pits was like cliffs, you know, steep hills. And, so getting down the hill was one thing, then you have to get back up. But it was incredible. It was my first experience on a sled or a toboggan, but it was strange that this was the park. I liked that place. It was so much more fun to me than just going to a regular park. After that, there were other parks, and I thought, “What do we do, sit down” This isn't any fun.'
Warwick Hotel, 202 Jarvis St.
It was at Dundas and Jarvis, which was the centre of prostitution in the city. The Westover and the Warwick were where musicians would stay when they were coming to play clubs on Yonge Street. Nobody thought about it as being the centre of vice, you know, in the city, but it was, and you could see it in the street. At the Warwick there were all kinds of strange characters living in this place, people that was comfortable in the underworld, people that were comfortable around vice.
Le Coq d'Or, 333 Yonge Street (now HMV)
So there was the Le Coq D'Or and right next door was the Edison on Yonge Street. Both of these clubs had fantastic music all the time. We'd be playing there, and next door Carl Perkins would be playing or Bo Diddley would be playing or Jerry Lee Lewis would be playing. And on and on and on, and they are right next door to each other. And Le Coq D'or is where Conway Twitty played, Narvel Felts, but it was more geared toward rockabilly and the Edison had R & B as well. And then up and down Yonge street there was great jazz. Toronto was always considered a jazz town. So Le Coq D'Or played a big part in the Ronnie Hawkins story and the Ronnie Hawkins and the Hawks story.
Cabbagetown
The guys in what became the band, Rick [Danko], Richard [Manuel], Garth [Hudson], Levon and me, lived at my mother's house in Cabbagetown. In this house, there were lots of rooms, and she was a tremendous cook, so for the guys, we just had some of the best times living with her, and as I've said in the book, people kind of looked at it as a Ma Barker and her gang thing, these bunch of scoundrels lived there, and she was almost one of the guys.
Scarborough Bluffs
A big part of my growing up was out there [where he got his first guitar]. It was at Kingston Road and Midland. Back then it was called Stop 14, Kingston Road and Midland, because [of] the buses — that was the highway back then. And so below Kingston Road was where you went right down to the Bluffs. The Bluffs are 100-foot cliffs, but there were ways to get down the cliffs too. So there was something exciting about being able to go down and hang on to stuff and climb down. But it was so beautiful to stand there and look out at that whole lake. And I remember standing there looking at that lake and thinking, “Wow, on the other side is the United States. I wonder what that's like.” So many memories, life-changing memories. A major depot for me.
Ronnie Hawkins (L) and Robbie Robertson
Distillations Podcast | Episode 222 | August 15, 2017
High-Tech and Amish
Using 21st-century medicine to maintain a 300-year-old way of life.
There are no parents in the world who want to see their child sick. Often the illness is no big deal—you follow doctor's orders and your kid gets better soon. But what do you do when your child is really sick, and it's because of decisions the founders of your religion made more than 300 years ago? And what do you do when the medical solutions seem to run counter to that very same religion?
This is the dilemma faced by many Amish and Mennonite parents in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, whose children suffer from genetic diseases at rates exponentially higher than the rest of the population. These Plain People, as they call themselves, typically eschew technology. But 30 years ago they chose to step out of character and embrace the latest advances in genomic medicine to help save their children.
Reporter Kyrie Greenberg spent almost a year getting to know some of these families, and she produced this podcast with us.
Credits
Hosts: Michal Meyer and Bob Kenworthy
Producer: Mariel Carr
Associate Producer: Rigoberto Hernandez
Reporter: Kyrie Greenberg
Music
Original music composed by Zach Young. Additional music courtesy of the Audio Network.
Does prayer help us resist temptation? Talking to God boosts self-control and emotional stability, claims study
People turn to prayer 'as a coping response to the high demands in life' and are rewarded with an increased ability to resist temptation
Previous findings have shown that when people try to control their emotions, the risk of aggressive outbursts and binge drinking rises
Praying helps people stay in control of their emotions and behaviour, according to a new study.
People turn to prayer 'as a coping response to the high demands in life' and are rewarded with increased strength and ability to resist temptation, researchers said.
Previous findings have shown that when people try hard to control their emotions and thoughts, the risk of aggressive outbursts and binge drinking or eating rises.
Moment of reflection: People turn to prayer 'as a coping response to the high demands in life' and are rewarded with increased strength and ability to resist temptation, researchers said
BELIEVING IN GOD COULD HELP TREAT DEPRESSION TOO...
Belief in God may improve treatment for those suffering with depression, a study published earlier year found. Faith in a higher being been found to significantly improve treatment for people suffering with a psychiatric illness, according to research carried out by McLean Hospital in Belmont, Massachusetts. Researchers followed 159 patients over the course of a year at the Behavioral Health Partial Hospital program to investigate the relationship between a patient's level of belief in God, expectations for treatment and actual treatment outcomes. Each participant was asked to gauge their belief in God as well as their expectations for treatment outcome on a five-point scale. Researchers found that patients with 'no' or only 'slight' belief in God were twice as likely not to respond to treatment than patients with higher levels of belief. And more than 30 per cent of patients claiming no specific religious affiliation still saw the same benefits in treatment if their belief in God was rated as moderately or very high.
But the latest study, by German psychologists at Saarland University and the University of Mannheim, found that praying helps people maintain self-control.
'A brief period of personal prayer buffered the self-control depletion effect', wrote the team, whose findings are published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology online.
'These results are consistent with and contribute to a growing body of work attesting to the beneficial effects of praying on self-control.'
Praying has already been linked in the past to reduced levels of infidelity and alcohol consumption.
The German authors recruited 79 people, of whom 41 were Christian, 14 atheists, 10 agnostic and 14 belonged to other religions.
Participants were each left alone for five minutes and asked to either pray or think freely about one thing as intensely as possible.
Next they all watched a funny film clips with half told to react normally and half required to try to suppress their emotions and control their facial reactions.
Finally, they took part in Stroop tests, where words describing colours appear in different coloured inks, such as the word blue written in red ink.
Previous findings have shown that when people try hard to control their emotions and thoughts, the risk of aggressive outbursts and binge drinking or eating rises
Participants must respond to the ink colour, not the written word, which requires self-control as our instinct is to read the word in front of us.
Those who thought freely in the first part of the test and then tried to suppress their emotions during the film clips were found to struggle with the Stroop task.
But this was not the case for participants who prayed at the start of the study - showing they still had high levels of self-control at the end.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Trains on the £50 billion HS2 high-speed line between Birmingham and London should have on-board GPs, shops and gyms, according to a 'wish list' drawn up by passengers.
Travellers would also like to see 100-journey tickets rather than tickets for a fixed period of time while carriages should be big enough for buggies and bicycles.
Passengers should be guaranteed a seat even in peak hours while there could be standing areas on shorter journeys for those on lower-cost tickets.
The ideas for HS2, whose first phase will run between Birmingham and the capital from 2026, came from a panel of 40 passengers selected by rail customer watchdog Transport Focus.
As well as the GPs, shops and gyms, the panel wanted to see different levels of comfort reflected in differing prices, fares "affordable to the masses" and tickets which included all modes of transport such as buses and taxis.
Passengers also said they would like to see showers and sleeping facilities and GPS-enabled mobile app directions so passengers can find their seats easily along with other suggestions.
Transport Focus chief executive Anthony Smith said: "Building a brand-new railway presents a unique opportunity for passengers.
"HS2 has the potential to transform travel between our major cities but this can only be achieved by really understanding the needs of passengers.
"To build greater trust with passengers, it is important not only to deliver a punctual and reliable service, but a service with passengers at its heart."
HS2 technical director Professor Andrew McNaughton added: "HS2 will transform long-distance rail travel in the UK and that's why it's so important that we listen to what passengers want.
"Today's report will help us focus on the issues that matter."
Featured image by Michelle McCarron
by Michelle McCarron
When I was asked to tell in pictures the story of the Colorado river, I'll admit that besides being honoured to be asked, that I also felt a little overwhelmed. How could I, an immigrant settler, tell one of the most American stories of all? Before I even began I was humbled by the river's story.
We know of the Colorado's significance in the spiritual and practical lives of the native peoples who lived in harmony with her flow. Historical accounts recall her part in the ‘taming' of the west by European colonisers. Powell, his expeditions and novels were lauded for the accounts of their grand adventures down the river and her canyons, adding to the aura of the west.
Her beauty is world renowned. As she winds her way around Horseshoe bend and carves her majestic path through the red sandstone of the Grand Canyon, she is the Mona Lisa of the natural world. Since the dawn of time she has been sculpting the earth as it rose to meet her, working her way to its heart, unveiling its history layer by layer as she went. For millions of years.
In a relatively short timespan of 150 years humans industrialised and multiplied to such as extent that we felt compelled to change what a river had been doing for millennia. So along the Colorado we built massive dams and thousands of miles of infrastructure to control her according to the insatiable energy and water needs of 40 million of us across 7 states. But what is the complete story today that plays out along her foreshortened journey from the clouds to the sea?
In September a first of its kind lawsuit was filed in federal court in Denver seeking Rights of Nature for the Colorado river. The Rights of Nature movement seeks protections for nature that assert that nature has inalienable rights to flourish and regenerate regardless of it's used to humans. The concept of the Rights of Nature movement is built on the premise that If the corporations that profit from earth's resources have rights then why can't nature have rights? Why is one awarded privileges and protections and the other not? Nature is not our subject so why do we act like her master?
Will Falk, a writer, attorney and member of the activist group Deep Green Resistance is one of 7 individuals named on the lawsuit as a ‘friend' of the river. Will and I came together to tell the river's story, highlight the case and prepare for what it's outcome may mean in the stakes to protect life on earth. What will it mean to us and other species if the legal system refuses to grant nature the protections she needs given the current crisis, that might save her from annihilation by corporations? Have you thought about what that world looks like? I have.
When we can't watch the birds or hear their song anymore, when all the polar bears are gone, when we can't go to the beach because the beach is there no longer and the glaciers have all melted.
The intrinsic worth of nature has no value in the industrialised global economy. An endangered species knows this and so too do four endemic fish species of the Colorado river on the brink of extinction. Whether or not you value life, one thing is certain. Extinction is forever.
As Will and I began our journey, I realised that I had been perhaps a little naive to think that at the Colorado's headwaters in Rocky Mountain National Park, I would find some wildness intact. The reality is a river shackled by a canal called ‘The Grand Ditch' wrestling her into compliance at her birthplace, sending her through valleys and rusty culverts to a series of reservoirs. From there she is forced uphill and through a 13 mile tunnel blasted beneath the peaks of Rocky Mountain National Park. From west of the great continental divide the Colorado is wrangled east to front range farmland and thirsty cities where no cities should be. This is just the beginning of her life.
Moving southwest through her Upper Basin, along the Yampa and Green Rivers we followed a sea of oil and gas wells in Colorado and Utah. We took a random diversion off the highway near Roosevelt, Utah and followed it into the mesa, uncovering a litany of drill pads disemboweling the earth of its carbon. Any road would have revealed the same thing. Coal fired power plants and their tailings ponds put the finishing touches on an industrial landscape where city billboards proclaim their love for coal and drilling. Out here is energy nirvana for oil and gas fracking companies getting drunk on the resources beneath America's public lands.
However we spend our lives, one thing is clear. Nothing happens without nature. Without nature we have nothing. Yet nothing may be what we deserve. Though not what other species deserve or future generations who have played no part in our narcissism. We have a choice which we need to wake up to and act upon. Do we continue to let corporations do what they want? Including mining and destroying our lands, displacing us, poisoning our water and selling it back to us in plastic bottles? Or do we protect what we love and stand for something much bigger than ourselves? It's a choice between doing nothing or doing something.
Wherever you are there's a Colorado waiting to hear your choice.
A picture is worth a thousand words. So too are audio recordings. Videos may be worth even more. But until now, there has been no easy way to explore the checklists that have rich media of a given species. We have updated our eBird point maps to allow you to filter the map to only show locations with photos, audio and video, by checking the box that says “Explore Rich Media”. The map will then show markers to indicate if there is a video, photo or audio. Selecting that icon will then bring up all the checklists and you can see which checklists have video, photos and audio. To get started, check out the map of Yellow-headed Blackbird. Or for something farther afield, check out Plains-wanderer, which only has a single location — but we think you will enjoy the video of this bizarre species — it is the only member of the family Pedionomidae (males are smaller than females and do the work of raising the young — similar to phalaropes).
The nitty gritty details: For checklists with more than one type of rich media we have a hierarchy with video showing first, then photos, then audio. For instance, if a checklist has both audio and a photo, the map will show the photo icon. If it has video and a photo, it will show the video icon.
There will be plenty to explore: the eBird community has uploaded video, photos, or audio for a whopping 5253 species of birds–more than half the total number of species in the world! See if you can add the first photos for a species you have photographed!
This is the first of several improvements we are making to fully integrating rich media in eBird. We are working with the Macaulay Library and other departments at the Cornell Lab of Ornithology to develop improved ways of gathering, archiving and displaying rich media. Expect many more improvements.
For information on how you can embed rich media in eBird, see this article.
Let us know what you think by emailing us here. Do you like this new functionality? What else would you like to see?
The beginner tip: Android development, old and new ways to find memory eating image in app code.
Each android developer knows situation when the device starts to be slower than expected. The general purpose is clear: something is using the memory intensively. The strange thing to see that the cause of all is a simple (or hidden) image in RAM. This image does not have too many pixels but consumes tens MBytes. It is unclear which app generated the image and how does it look at all. The developer may use long and boring way: reboot the device, turns some app off, then do it again., But the same result could be reached in more efficient way. There are two ways to find the problem.
The Old way to find memory eating image
Some developers prefer to develop and analyze software using the same old style. Using Android Device Manager, Eclipse Memory Analyzer Tool (MAT), HPROF Converter and the GIMP.
The next steps should be done to find the root of problem.
Step 1. Make device's memory dump by Android Device Manager. (Screen #1)
Screen #1.
Step 2. Android applications and services work on virtual machine, named Dalvic or ART (available from Android 4.4 KitKat). Heap dumps, obtained from those virtual machines are not compatible with MAT. It can work with standard JavaVM heap dumps. To avoid this inconsistency Android SDK provides console convert program. After converting the collected file to standard format, developer can view the file in a profiling tool of his choice (Screen #2).
Screen #2.
Step 3. Open converted hprof-file by Eclipse Memory Analyzer, choose image file and save it as file with ‘data' extension (Screen #3).
Screen #3.
Step 4. Open collected ‘data'-file by GIMP (Screen #4). Then the image editor suggests you set some options for raw image. 1) Choose ‘Image Type' as ‘RGB Alpha'. 2) Set width and height of the image. These parameters can be found in memory dump (mWidth and mHeight fields in Eclipse Memory Analyser attribute section. Go to Window -> Show View -> MAT -> Inspector, then select an object in dominator tree).
The New way to find memory eating image
The Android Studio suggests a set of tools to find the greedy image faster.
Step 1. Open the ‘Android Monitor' tab (at the bottom left) and then Memory tab.
Step 2. Press the ‘Dump Java Heap' button
Step 3. Choose the ‘Bitmap' Class Name for the current snapshot, select each Instance of bitmap and view what image exactly consumpt more memory than expected. (screens 4 and 5)
Screen #4. Choose the ‘Bitmap' Class Name…
Screen #5. Select each Instance of bitmap
That's it!
Hope these simple operations save some time for you!
Many of the early comparisons pit Microsoft's new 2-in-1 against the iPad Pro and Google's Pixel C. In my opinion, a better apples-to-apples comparison matches the Surface Pro 4 against other Windows 10 hybrids and 2-in-1s. Comparing hardware specifications on devices that run the same operating system makes the most sense, especially for work-first users who often choose hardware based on the operating system they want to be using.
It has been interesting to watch Microsoft evolve as the driving influence in the OEM hardware landscape. Redmond has always had a pull in the way manufacturers design laptops, mainly because products were built with their software in mind. The Surface Pro 3 established Microsoft firmly as a hardware leader, and OEMs are now grappling for identity and market footing for the next generation of devices.
We are watching this play out in the final quarter of 2015. Several manufacturers are bringing to market new Windows 10 hybrids with similar features and price points. Will any of these machines contend with the Surface Pro 4? Which, if any, will have the right combination of power and price?
Let's take a look at the now-crowded field of Windows 10 hybrid candidates.
Toshiba DynaPad
CPU Intel Atom (1.44 GHz) Memory / Storage / Price Configurations are TBA; pricing likely around $1080 Display
Resolution 12 inches
1920 x 1280 pixels Ports Micro-HDMI
Micro-USB 2.0
Micro-SD card slot Stylus Wacom Active Electro-Static TruPen Build Type
Weight
Thickness 2-in-1 detachable
1.2 lbs. (2.2 with keyboard)
0.33 inches
Grounds for comparison: Toshiba and Microsoft are old partners dating back to the original DynaPad 30 years ago. The new DynaPad—expected to hit the shelves in early 2016—shares a passing resemblance to the Surface Pro 4 with its detachable magnetic keyboard and form factor, though in actuality, is probably a closer comparison to a Surface 3 in terms of hardware specs.
Differentiators: The real selling point is the active stylus, made by Wacom, which Toshiba says is capable of 2,048 levels of pressure. This makes it ideal for users looking paper-like experience for stylus note taking and sketches, something emphasized by the tablet's 3:2 aspect ratio. The price has not been announced, but experts are predicting around $1,080.
Dell XPS 12
CPU Intel Core i5 (6th generation Skylake) Memory / Storage / Price 4 GB / 128 GB SSD
8 GB / 256 GB SSD
Pricing TBA – likely starting $1,000 Display
Resolution 12.5 inches
3840 x 2160 pixels (likely priced $1,300);
1920 x 1080 pixels Ports Thunderbolt 3 (2)
Mini-DisplayPort
Micro-SD Stylus Dell Active Pen Build Type
Weight
Thickness 2-in-1 detachable
2.8 lbs (total weight)
0.80 inches
Grounds for comparison: The new Dell XPS 12 has an Intel Core i5 processor (4th generation), a level up from the previous XPS 12's Core M CPU. This places it squarely in Surface Pro 4 territory for computing power. The form factor and magnetically attached keyboard bear a Surface Pro likeness, although the Dell is slightly chunkier as a tablet.
Differentiators: The sharpness of a 4K display is the standout feature for the XPS 12. The Dell Active Pen comes separately whereas the Surface Pro 4 bundles it in. The XPS is lighter on connectivity. It is missing full size USB3.0 and HDMI ports, which require the purchase of a single adapter peripheral. It is a little light on storage space maxing out at 256 GB.
Acer Aspire R14
CPU Intel Core i5 (6th generation Skylake)
Intel Core i7 (6th generation Skylake) Memory / Storage / Price 4 GB / 128 GB
8 GB / 256 GB, 512 GB
$699 and up Display
Resolution 14 inches
1,920 x 1080 pixels Ports USB Type C
USB 3.0
Micro-SD card slot Stylus Acer Aspire Active Stylus Build Type
Weight
Thickness 360-degree hinge
4.1 pounds
0.7 inches
Grounds for comparison: The Acer R14 update gives you Intel Core CPU power in a 2-in-1 form factor with similar memory and storage specifications as Surface Pro 4 models. Acer says it worked with Microsoft to design the R14 for Windows 10 capabilities.
Differentiators: Acer makes an appeal to budget-conscious users looking for production power at a low price point. It opts for a hinge instead of a detachable keyboard; early reviews of the build feel and hinge design have been positive, specifically that there is no gap between keyboard and screen when in full tablet mode.
HP Spectre x2
CPU Intel Core M (6th generation Skylake) Memory / Storage / Price 4 GB, 8 GB / 128 GB, 256 GB, 512 GB SSD
Starts at $950 Display
Resolution 12 inches
1920 x 1280 pixels Ports USB Type C (2)
Micro-SD card slot Stylus HP Wacom digitizer pen Build Type
Weight
Thickness 2-in-1 detachable
2.63 pounds
0.5 inches
Grounds for comparison This is HP's first attempt at a Surface-like 2-in-1 device and it gets close in many regards—mainly build size and memory configurations. Benchmarked performance comparisons between a 6th generation Core M processor and an Intel Core i5 Skylake are not yet available, but Intel's modus operandi is to show how the current generation Core M (m7) outperforms a previous generation's Core i5. So we'll see.
Differentiator There's an aluminum hardware clip-on keyboard akin to the one offered on the Surface Book, and a u-shaped kickstand which help the x2 stand apart aesthetics-wise in the field. The Core M processor does not require a fan, so it runs quieter and is easier on battery life. It comes equipped with an LTE option (Surface Pro for some reason has yet to introduce this) which will have an appeal. The display is a lower resolution, but they keyboard will be sold with the device for some added value.
Lenovo Ideapad Miix 700
CPU Intel Core M (6th generation Skylake) Memory / Storage / Price 8 GB / 256 GB, 512 GB SSD
Starts at $699 Display
Resolution 12 inches2160 x 1400 pixels Ports USB 3.0
USB 2.0
Micro-HDMI
Micro-SD card slot Stylus HP Wacom digitizer pen Build Type
Weight
Thickness 2-in-1 detachable
1.7 pounds (tablet only)
0.35 inches
Grounds for comparison: This Surface clone is the early darling of some in the PC review community. The most immediate similarities are the high-resolution display and the near-identical form factor and kickstand that the Surface Pro 3 has.
Differentiators: The Miix 700 finds a nice midpoint between Surface 3 and Surface Pro 4 specifications. The fanless Intel Core M gives the Miix 700 the same kind of performance and quiet run discussed with the HP Spectre. It can be configured with LTE, but carriers are not yet official at time of publication.
Let us know—which Widows 10 hybrid would you call the frontrunner to take on the Surface Pro 4?
Congratulations to Norwegian all-terrain crusher Alek Oestreng on becoming the newest member of the Rome SDS pro team, uniting him with fellow RK1 riders Ståle Sandbech and Len Jørgensen. Watch his welcome edit above, and check the full press release below:
The Rome Snowboard Design Syndicate is proud to announce the addition of Alek Østreng to our Pro Team!
Alek Joins the ranks of legend Bjorn Leines, Olympian Stale Sandbech and All-time rail dominators LNP, Will Lavigne and Jonah Owen. He is the last of the RK1 crew to join our team and we are stoked to have all three riders unified within the Rome family. We are more than excited to see what Alek accomplishes this next season and many more to come.
One third of RK1.
One of the most unique styles in snowboarding.
One of the most technical riders in any terrain.
…and the newest addition to the Rome SDS team.
With this addition, the SDS adds a rider with a snowboarding resume that demands attention. With years of filming full parts, competing in 5-star events and constantly producing online edits with RK1, it's clear that Alek's riding speaks for itself. His stoke for snowboarding is undeniable and shared with his close friends and RK1 members, Len Jørgensen and Ståle Sandbech.
We always dreamed about being on the same team and now it's finally happened! -Ståle Sandbech.
So crack a beer and join everyone at the Rome Snowboard Design Syndicate as we cheer to welcoming Alek Østreng to our team!
Here's to a great addition to the Rome family!
A satirical item published last week purporting that economist Paul Krugman had filed for bankruptcy has spread to Boston.com and the conservative website Breitbart this morning.
The item originated in The Daily Currant, a satirical news site. Austria's Format online magazine picked it up, and their report was subsequently cited by Boston.com. Then it spread to Breitbart.
It has since been taken down this morning, but here's a screenshot:
Breitbart.com
Krugman responded to the mix-up this morning, writing on his blog that he knew of the fake news item and was asked about it by a Russian television station. He wrote that he did not address it on his blog because he "wanted to wait and see which right-wing media outlets would fall for the hoax."
"Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go give a lavishly paid speech to Friends of Hamas," Krugman quipped, referring to Breitbart's recent invention of a group purportedly tied to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel that ended up not actually existing.
Boston.com's version was taken down early this afternoon. It appeared to originate from The Prudent Investor blog, which sourced Austria's format magazine. Here's a screenshot of what Boston.com's piece looked like:
Boston.com
The Daily Currant is the same site the Washington Post cited in a false report last month that former Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin was joining Al Jazeera.
(HT: @lachlan)
This post has been updated.
Now Watch - KRUGMAN: Sweden Has The Answers To Our Taxation Problems
// OO.ready(function() { OO.Player.create('ooyalaplayer', '5odXJ5ODrGKMu_nt4xWSflq0odyzqtjQ'); }); // <div>Please enable Javascript to watch this video</div>
Sony and Valiant find a Bloodshot director
Almost two years ago came the announcement that Sony Pictures and Valiant Entertainment had partnered up for a cinematic universe based on the fan-favorite comic book line of characters. One of the first projects announced was Bloodshot with John Wick directors David Leitch and Chad Stahelski attached. Since that time, the pair have gotten very busy, and even split from being directing partners, with Stahelski bringing this year's John Wick: Chapter 2 and the in-development Highlander reboot, and Leith heading off to a different comic book adaptation as he steps behind the camera for Deadpool 2.
Now, Valiant Entertainment has revealed at their Emerald City Comic Con panel (via Bleeding Cool) that they've secured a new director for the adaptation with Dave Wilson tapped to direct. Wilson worked with Deadpool director Tim Miller at Blur Studios, directing cinematics for video games, including Halo 2, Mass Effect 2, and BioShock Infinite.
Academy Award-nominated writer Eric Heisserer (Arrival, The Thing) has penned the script for the film, as well as another of the Sony/Valiant features, Harbinger. It was previously reported that Sony was hoping to develop two films in the respective Bloodshot and Harbinger franchises before crossing them over with a Harbinger War feature film, though it remains to be seen if those plans remain or will in fact materialize.
Created by Kevin Van Hook, Don Perlin and Bob Layton, Bloodshot tells the story of a former soldier killed and brought back to life with technological upgrades, filling his body with billions of nanobots. This allows him to be the perfect soldier by healing from injuries, shapeshift, and even interact with technology.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe issued a sweeping order in April restoring rights to all ex-offenders who are no longer incarcerated or on probation or parole. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
Gov. Terry McAuliffe's decision to restore voting rights to more than 200,000 felons violates Virginia's constitution, the state Supreme Court ruled Friday, dealing a major blow to the Democratic governor with implications for the November presidential race in the crucial swing state.
In a 4-to-3 decision, the court ruled that McAuliffe overstepped his clemency powers by issuing a sweeping order in April restoring rights to all ex-offenders who are no longer incarcerated or on probation or parole.
The court agreed with state Republicans who challenged McAuliffe's order, arguing that the governor can only restore voting rights on a case-by-case basis and not en masse.
“Never before have any of the prior 71 Virginia Governors issued a clemency order of any kind — including pardons, reprieves, commutations, and restoration orders — to a class of unnamed felons without regard for the nature of the crimes or any other individual circumstances relevant to the request,” Chief Justice Donald W. Lemons wrote for the majority. “To be sure, no Governor of this Commonwealth, until now, has even suggested that such a power exists.”
But a defiant McAuliffe released a statement late Friday saying that he would pick up his executive pen and restore the rights of those felons on an individual basis, even if it means signing more than 200,000 orders.
“My faith remains strong in all of our citizens to choose their leaders, and I am prepared to back up that faith with my executive pen,” he said. “The struggle for civil rights has always been a long and difficult one, but the fight goes on.”
The court directed the state elections commissioner, Edgardo Cortés, to cancel the registrations by Aug. 25 of about 13,000 felons who had joined the voter rolls after McAuliffe signed his order. Cortés was also ordered to add their names to the list of prohibited voters.
McAuliffe said in his statement that he would “expeditiously” sign individual orders for those 13,000 felons and then keep on signing.
“Once again, the Virginia Supreme Court has placed Virginia as an outlier in the struggle for civil and human rights,” McAuliffe said. “It is a disgrace that the Republican leadership of Virginia would file a lawsuit to deny more than 200,000 of their own citizens the right to vote. And I cannot accept that this overtly political action could succeed in suppressing the voices of many thousands of men and women who had rejoiced with their families earlier this year when their rights were restored.”
The ruling comes three months after McAuliffe stood on the portico of the state capitol and pledged to erase the last vestiges of Jim Crow-era laws that disenfranchised African American voters. Nearly a quarter of the state's black population cannot vote because of felony convictions.
Virginia is one of just a handful of states that ban all felons from voting and require individual exemptions for ex-offenders to vote, according to the Brennan Center for Justice. The ban is tinged with racial overtones: When it was adopted in 1902, a delegate testified to the need to “eliminate the darkey as a political factor,” according to Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.
McAuliffe said his restoration order was his “proudest moment as governor,” and the state party has rallied around the policy as the premier achievement of his term.
[Virginia Supreme Court considers constitutionality of McAuliffe's order]
But state Republicans saw it as a partisan move to swell the numbers of Democratic voters heading into the November election, when McAuliffe's good friend, Hillary Clinton, will be battling to win the swing state and its 13 electoral votes in her presidential race against Republican Donald Trump.
Virginia House of Delegates Speaker William J. Howell (R-Stafford) and Senate Majority Leader Thomas K. Norment Jr. (R-James City), who brought the challenge with four voters, applauded the ruling.
“The Supreme Court of Virginia delivered a major victory for the Constitution, the rule of law and the Commonwealth of Virginia. Our nation was founded on the principles of limited government and separation of powers,” they said in a joint statement. “Those principles have once again withstood assault from the executive branch. This opinion is a sweeping rebuke of the governor's unprecedented assertion of executive authority.”
Lemons noted in his opinion that Virginia's last Democratic governor, Timothy M. Kaine, declined in 2010 to issue a blanket voting rights restoration order on advice from a senior adviser who said such a move would be an improper “rewrite” of the law and constitution. A spokeswoman for Kaine, now a senator who was announced as Clinton's running mate Friday evening, did not return a request for comment.
John Whitbeck, chairman of the Virginia GOP, said in a statement that McAuliffe was trying to “stack the deck for Hillary Clinton” and accused him of a “naked power grab.”
Along with voting rights, the governor's action restored the right to serve on a jury, run for public office and become a notary public.
Civil rights and progressive groups condemned the ruling.
“It's disgraceful that some politicians would go to such lengths to block these citizens from participating in our democracy,” said Anna Scholl, executive director of Progress Virginia. “We would be happy to send Governor McAuliffe a box of pens to start signing individual orders.”
Voting access has become a heated topic across the country in a presidential election year that is expected to be especially close and hotly contested. Democrats have been pushing to loosen voting restrictions, saying they disproportionately affect poor and minority voters, while Republicans have been trying to tighten requirements in an effort they say is aimed at combating fraud. Earlier this week, a federal court struck down a voter identification law in Texas, finding it discriminated against minorities.
Tram Nguyen, co-executive director of New Virginia Majority, which dispatched staff to begin registering voters minutes after McAuliffe's order, called Friday's ruling “heartbreaking” for felons who had felt redeemed.
“They had a glimmer of hope, and now it's being completely dashed and taken away,” she said.
But McAuliffe had also faced bipartisan criticism about the way his administration implemented the restoration order and for the decision to keep secret the list of felons who had their rights restored.
[Errors in McAuliffe's clemency order draws scrutiny]
It was discovered that the list mistakenly included several violent criminals still in custody and 132 sex offenders under involuntary supervision. These errors drew ire from Democratic and Republican prosecutors who say they were not properly consulted ahead of the governor's order and were tasked with finding errors.
McAuliffe's order also made it simpler for felons to apply for the right to possess guns.
The Friday ruling also shows the consequences of a protracted and bitter battle in the past year over installing a state Supreme Court justice.
State lawmakers ousted a judge appointed by McAuliffe when the legislature was out of session and installed a preferred alternative. That judge, Stephen R. McCullough, joined three other conservative judges in overturning McAuliffe's order.
Asking for review in your app? It's tricky. If not done with due diligence, on encountering your request to review, users might get annoyed and still worse, they could rate your app low even though they liked it. A simplistic solution of asking for review after N days from installation (or first use) and N days after user has chosen “remind me later”, is not an appropriate solution. Why? User might have installed your app, ran it, exited, came back after N days and they were presented with a review request message, whereas, they had only used the app once. This is not a nice experience. Asking for review when user is exiting the app is less effective because user already has something else in their mind when they are coming out of the app.
Though there is no one solution that fits all, but this is how I try to tackle this scenario in my app. It's not the “number of days” but “total minutes user has used your app” is my criteria to decide the interval of popping review message. I keep a record of overall usage of the app, and after a designated number of minutes, I pop a request to user. You might have to go through some trial and error to come up with the right “number of minutes” when you want to request. Determine whether your app is highly immersive or a quick open and shut type of app. In an immersive app|game you might want your review requests at longer intervals. In a less immersive app, you would rather ask earlier and at a less frequency. Then, you might want to gradually decrease the interval between requests during session. Don't forget to code your logic in such a way that you could easily tune request intervals and accumulative usage time and update your app as soon as you realize that a change in the times is required. Here is pseudo-code for indication purpose:
[THIS IS PSEUDO CODE FOR INDICATION ONLY] constant int POP_REQUEST_AFTER_ACCUMULATIVE_USAGE (adjusting knob) constant int POP_REQUEST_INTERVAL (adjusting knob : Initial interval between requests in the session) constant int POP_REQUEST_INTERVAL_DECREASE_BY (adjusting knob : Decrease interval after every request) constant int POP_REQUEST_INTERVAL_MINIMUM (adjusting knob : interval should not go below this) int AccumulativeAppUsage (persist this info in storage) DateTime LastReviewRequest; Int ReviewRequestInterval = POP_REQUEST_INTERVAL; App.Start | App.Activate DateTime AppStart LastReviewRequest = DateTime.Now //reset App.Stop | App.Deactivate AccumulativeAppUsage += DateTime.NOW – AppStart Save AccumulativeAppUsage Page.[identify the event which triggers PopRequest method] PopRequest() PopRequest() totalUsageTillNow = AccumulativeAppUsage += DateTime.NOW – AppStart if(totalUsageTillNow >= POP_REQUEST_AFTER_ACCUMULATIVE_USAGE) { If(DateTime.Now – LastReviewRequest >= ReviewRequestInterval) { Show review request LastReviewRequest = DateTime.Now If(ReviewRequestInterval > POP_REQUEST_INTERVAL_MINIMUM) ReviewRequestInterval -= POP_REQUEST_INTERVAL_DECREASE_BY } }
Advertisements
While venture capital-backed BuzzFeed and Vice are chasing Hollywood with their scale and production values, non-VC-backed contenders like Gawker are taking things more slowly.
Gawker's brand of snark and gossip has largely been confined to the written word. Now, like so many of its digital publishing rivals, the company is trying to figure out what its brands look like in front of the camera. That's the idea behind Gawker Video, a dedicated a four-person video unit tasked with extending Gawker's brand to video in an effort to draw in more viewers and advertisers. The Gawker Video mandate: be short, casual and “bullshit-free,” according to Gawker programming vp James Del.
The unit's first official attempt was a snappy two-minute recap of the first four seasons of “Game of Thrones,” told with visuals and voice-over narration. The effort took three days to put together and ultimately grabbed 600,000 YouTube views since it was uploaded last week. Gawker, which is starting small, plans to both ramp up production and build its video unit to 10 people, who will work out of the dedicated studio it's constructing in its new Flatiron office.
“Going slow makes a difference because we're independent and self-funded,” said Gawker Media CEO Nick Denton. “We look at everything we do and determine if there's money there and if it's going to be profitable. Our strategy has tended to be driven not by fad but a pretty rational calculation of the cost and benefits.”
Gawker isn't entirely new to video. Properties such as gaming-focused Kotaku and Lifehacker, its productivity blog, have led the company's video charge over the last few years, albeit unofficially. Kotaku has focused on video game highlights, while Lifehacker has drawn readers with productivity tips. The efforts of both sites, however, suffered from an overall top-down strategy from Gawker itself, which says it's now ready to give video a serious investment.
Denton said that video has become more feasible for Gawker as it has increased its reach, which has climbed to 49 million monthly unique visitors, according to comScore. Gawker has also seen more revenue potential with YouTube, which has become a viable distribution and monetization channel for the publishers that have posted to it. Focusing on YouTube — and perhaps even Facebook — for distribution also exposes Gawker's videos far more reach than they would get if they were posted directly on Gawker's own sites, making it a viable marketing channel as well.
The most heartening shift, though, is the money that's flowing into video online. Digital video ad spending reached nearly $6 billion in the US in 2014, and is expected to surpass $7 billion in 2015, according to eMarketer. That has attracted a wide variety of players trying to pile in, including not only legacy media companies (Hearst, Conde Nast), but digital native-publishers as well (BuzzFeed, The Onion and Mashable).
The challenge, of course is differentiation. While an increasing number of publishers are jockeying for viewer eyeballs, their reach is limited by the finite amount of attention of Web users. This raises the stakes for publishers trying to build audiences.
“Roughly half of the Gawker audience also looks to BuzzFeed or Vox for content, so it's critical for Gawker to differentiate by establishing a unique voice and avoiding the cookie-cutter distribution strategies,” said DigitasLBi associate media director Jenny Schauer. ”They certainly have an uphill battle ahead – but if they're smart and purposeful about defining their position in the marketplace, they can still have a good chance.”
More challenging, however, might be finding the right brands to play along. Gawker, known for being edgy and unafraid to upset authority, could turn off more skittish brands as it pushes into video. Schauer said creating a scaled video play might mean focusing on the more brand-friendly properties such as Gizmodo, LifeHacker and io9, which could be more critical to Gawker Video's success.
Gawker, for its part, is intent on finding the right formula, particularly when it comes to the balance between informing people and entertaining them.
“I believe that we can make videos that treat popular subjects without resorting to smarm, populist tropes, and cookie-cutter formats. We won't pander to people's baser instincts in the name of traffic,” said Gawker Video director Jesus Diaz.
Trivia
Team Knight Rider use five different vehicles for their missions, each with its own computer AI system like the original Knight 2000 vehicle. Unlike KITT, these are specialized units with specific roles in the team. In addition, after the K.R.O. incident, Garland has had each vehicle installed with intentional weaknesses to act as a fail safe in case any of them go rogue. Although armored to protect their occupants, the vehicles do not share the original KITT's nearly indestructible "molecular bonded shell". Bullets can shatter windows or blown open with a small explosive, for example, while body panels can be damaged in collisions and roll-overs. The vehicles deploy their own self-repair system enabling the cars to fix their own minor damage shattered windows and crushed body panels have been shown "fixed" soon after taking damage. More severe impacts however, require body shop maintenance to repair the vehicles. See more
CLOSE The first two women to ever be admitted to the Army Ranger School are scheduled to graduate from the rigorous training program Friday, military sources said. Unlike the men though, the women still are unable to join the infantry or other combat jobs. USA TODAY
A female Army Ranger student lifts a rucksack onto her back on Tuesday, Aug. 4, 2015, at Camp James E. Rudder on Eglin Air Force Base, Fla. (Photo11: Nick Tomecek, AP)
Corrections & clarifications: The initial headline on this story misstated the status of the two female soldiers who will graduate from Army Ranger School this week. They are not yet eligible to join the Ranger regiment.
WASHINGTON — Two female soldiers will graduate from the Army's legendary Ranger School this week, the first women to complete the course since it was opened to them on an experimental basis this year, the U.S. Army said Monday evening.
The two were part of a group of 19 female soldiers who passed a rigorous screening process to begin the physically demanding course that had been closed to women since it opened more than six decades ago. Their names were not revealed.
The graduation on Friday will mark a key milestone on the military's ongoing efforts to open front-line combat units to women. The military services have pledged to do so without compromising standards.
Students in the grueling two-month course are required to survive on little food and sleep despite demanding physical activity, including carrying more than 100 pounds of gear through mountains and swamps. It is considered the Army's most physically challenging course.
The women started the regimen in April, but like many men they were required to retake a phase of the course if they didn't pass on the first go.
Graduates get to wear the coveted Ranger tab, which signifies their completion of the Army's premier small unit leadership course for the infantry and other front-line troops.
"Each Ranger School graduate has shown the physical and mental toughness to successfully lead organizations at any level," Army Secretary John McHugh said in a statement. "This course has proven that every soldier, regardless of gender, can achieve his or her full potential."
But the women will not be able to join the infantry or other so-called ground combat jobs, including the Ranger regiment, which remain closed to women, at least through this year.
Opening the course to women is part of an assessment that all services have been ordered to undertake to determine how best to open the infantry, special forces and other ground combat jobs by next year. The Pentagon has ordered that all occupations be open to women after this year.
The services can request a waiver from some jobs, but would need to provide an extensive justification for doing so.
The military services have been steadily opening jobs to women over recent years, but the infantry and special operations fields are the most physically demanding and require that troops live close together in often primitive field conditions.
"I promise you that the one thing we will not compromise on is standards," Gen. Martin Dempsey told a group of U.S. servicemen in Baghdad recently.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1TQXDOg
CBS' Sunday Morning aired a wonderful segment about Neil deGrasse Tyson yesterday, but they left a segment about God on the cutting room floor. Thankfully, they put it up on their website.
Tyson never used the word “atheist” in his response — no surprise there — but his explanation of why he didn't accept the traditional idea of a Higher Power was excellent.
The more I look at the universe, the less convinced I am that there is something benevolent going on… … I look at disasters that afflict Earth, and life on Earth: volcanoes, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, disease, pestilence, congenital birth defects. You look at this list of ways that life is made miserable on Earth by natural causes, and I just ask, “How do you deal with that?” I have no problems if, as we probe the origins of things, we bump into the Bearded Man. If that shows up, we are good to go! Okay? Not a problem. There's just no evidence of it. And this is why religions are called “faiths” collectively. Because you believe something in the absence of evidence. That's what it is! That's why it's called “faith”! Otherwise we would call all religions “evidence,” but we don't, for exactly that reason.
Comedian Stephen Fry once gave a similar answer that I thought was more to the point. He explained why he didn't just not believe in God, but why he wouldn't want to believe in God.
Still, if Tyson's response helps nudge people away from faith, more power to him.
(Thanks to Larry for the link)
First baseman Paul Konerko had surgery to remove a loose body from his left wrist on Thursday, and the Chicago White Sox captain is expected to be ready for spring training in February.
Konerko, who had the procedure at Rush University Medical Center, plans to return to his offseason home in Scottsdale, Ariz., on Friday. He will have the sutures removed in 7-10 days before meeting with a White Sox hand and wrist specialist.
It's the second procedure Konerko has had on the hand/wrist this year, and he also had one last season. Konerko, who said he has had the fragment since 2009, missed two games last season because of soreness, and then had a fragment dislodged in May and missed two games.
"It was not a factor in (my swing in) any way other than in early May after I had that procedure done it hung around a little longer," Konerko said on Tuesday. "At that time, we were playing the Dodgers and Cardinals so, it wasn't a good time then. I really never had surgery before other than that. I have no reservations about my wrist in the future."
Konerko batted .298 with 26 home runs and 76 RBIs this season, his 14th with the White Sox. He needs one hit to tie Frank Thomas for third place in franchise history with 2,136.
A Catholic priest who took steps to inform police about the paedophile priest Denis McAlinden in 1999 has admitted he could have gone to police several years earlier even though the two victims he knew about did not want the police involved, a state government inquiry has heard.
Father William Burston agreed he had known in 1996 that McAlinden had been stripped of his priestly faculties due to concerns he had sexually abused children. A letter he had written to McAlinden that year seeking his co-operation with the diocese's attempt to ''laicise'' or defrock him has been tendered in evidence. But it was not until 1999 that Father Burston wrote to the church's professional standards office, which handled sexual abuse complaints, suggesting ''intelligence could be given to the police'' about McAlinden, the inquiry into alleged church and police cover-ups of child sexual abuse by Catholic priests in the Hunter Valley has heard.
Paedophile: Denis McAlinden.
Father Burston had earlier given evidence that the reason no report was made to the police was that the victims did not want it.
As vicar general of the Maitland-Newcastle diocese between 1996 and 2001, Father Burston agreed with barrister Maria Gerace cross-examining that he would have been ''alive'' from 1997 onwards to the question of whether or not information that came to him concerning priests sexually abusing children should be reported to the police, due to the report of the royal commission into paedophilia that year.
Shopping for gadgets in Shenzhen, China.
Historically, China has built the majority of the gadgets that we've all clamored to own, but few of them were designed there. That may change.
Bloomberg reports that in-house teams at some of China's more advanced factories have started designing and prototyping their own devices in an attempt to engineer the next generation of lusted-after gadgets.
The strategy makes some sense. It comes at a time when consumer electronics innovation is going through an awkward stage. Smartphone advances have plateaued, as Apple knows all too well. Virtual reality is still struggling to take off. And while others, such as Microsoft, are tying hard to innovate, they've yet to create a new iPhone-like phenomenon. There's scope for someone to create the Next Big Thing—we just don't know what it is yet.
At the same time, market conditions threaten some of China's bread-and-butter electronics manufacturing income. President Trump continues to urge businesses to set up more manufacturing facilities in the U.S., and many appear to be capitulating. And Chinese factories, while ultra-efficient and full of highly skilled workers, are no longer as cheap as those in other parts of Asia.
So it is, then, that some factories are designing new gadgets in the hope that they could capture public imagination. In particular, Bloomberg points to one manufacturing firm called Jetta, which co-developed a remote control ball that went on to become the incredibly popular BB-8 Star Wars toy.
But designing the gadgets of the future will be hard work, and it's unclear that Chinese factories will have the insights required. Indeed, not all of the ideas sound likely to be a commercial success: the report, for instance, references a “neon-lit unicycle blasting music from embedded Bluetooth speakers” and “a smartphone that doubles as an electric shaver.” But the view is likely to be that if enough mud is thrown, at least some of it may stick.
(Read more: Bloomberg, “Why Apple Can't Match the iPhone's Success,” “The All-American iPhone,” “Is Microsoft Innovating Its Way to Customer Alienation?”)
State of Ohio Local Governments
Search all fields for transactions beginning with your entered text.
The name of the vendor who has received a payment.
A ten digit payment identification number printed on the top right-hand corner of each check issued by the state.
An agency-specific eight-digit number that records an authorized transaction with a vendor. There may be multiple transactions (vouchers) grouped into a single vendor payment (check).
Who's spending the money?
Narrow your spending search by selecting from various Agencies, Boards & Commissions, Elected Officials or Higher Education.
What's the money being spent on?
Narrow your spending search by selecting the type of expense being made. Select from the Expense Category (the broadest spending description), followed by Expense Type, and then Expense Code (the most specific spending description).
What money is being spent?
Narrow your search by selecting the revenue source for payment. A fund is a separate fiscal and accounting entity with a self-balancing set of accounts. A fund usually has one or more appropriation line items from which expenditures are made. If the fund has only one appropriation line item, the line item name often is the same as the fund name. What money is being spent?
Narrow your search by selecting the revenue source for payment. A fund is a separate fiscal and accounting entity with a self-balancing set of accounts.
Where's the money coming from?
Narrow your search by selecting the spending authority granted from the General Assembly to make expenditures and incur obligations for specific purposes. An appropriation limits the amount that may be spent for a given purpose in a given period of time.
By Brian Becker, ANSWER Coalition National Coordinator
Russia's direct military intervention into Syria has dramatically changed the dynamics of a war that has raged since 2011. The fighting during the last four years has torn this historic Arab country to shreds, made millions of Syrians into refugees, and left more than 200,000 people dead.
The stage has been set for a possible major military counteroffensive against arch-reactionary Islamic military organizations who have been gaining more and more territory.
After four years of fighting against these groups, the Syrian army has been forced into an ever smaller portion of western Syria. The Russian intervention is meant to bolster their effort, stop the retreat before the armies of the so-called Islamic State (ISIS or ISIL), Al-Qaeda and others, in preparation for a military counteroffensive.
The main force preventing Syria from being completely overrun by ISIS and Al-Qaeda has been the Syrian Arab Army, the national army of the country. Between 50,000 and 85,000 Syrian soldiers have been killed in this fight already. Syrian Kurdish forces under the leadership of the People's Protection Units (YPG) have also been heroically battling against ISIS. The YPG had earlier fought against the Syrian army in an effort to create a Kurdish-ruled autonomous area in the northern part of Syria.
Now the Russian military has directly entered the battle on the side of the Syrian national army. Russia may directly give assistance to the Kurdish fighters as well. Russia's intervention was formally requested by the sovereign Syrian government led by Bashar Al-Assad and thus conforms to international law.
The stated position of the Russian government is that a long-term solution to the Syrian crisis is through political change, based on dialogue between the Baathist government and some of the opposition but not ISIS or Al Qaeda, and the retention and defense of Syria's core state institutions.
The Russia-Syria connection
Russia and before it the Soviet Union were historic allies of the secular Baathist government in Damascus, with deep military, social and economic ties to the country.
It is critically important that progressive forces abandon the false language and political characterizations being spoon-fed to the public by the pro-imperialist media.
Assad is characterized as a “dictator” who is “killing his own people.” That works for demonization purposes, but it cannot help anyone establish an informed position about the social and political character of the different forces in the Syrian war. When reading the Western news, one would think every death has been at the hands of the Syrian government. There has been almost no mention of the social base of support for the Syrian government, or the 50,000-80,000 Syrian soldiers who have died fighting sectarian armed groups, including ISIS and al-Qaeda.
The Syrian Baathist government, like the Iraqi Baathist regime, banned sectarian-based religious parties. Saddam Hussein also banned the Communist Party while establishing a secular-based social democratic economic and social program. In Syria, the Baathists worked with some Syrian leftists and repressed others.
In 2011 and 2012, the Russian government hosted meetings in Moscow of Syrian opposition groups that stood politically against Assad and demanded far-reaching political reforms from the regime but rejected foreign intervention and armed struggle. Most of these opposition groups were secular.
U.S. policy and the rise of ISIS
The United States, France, Britain and their allies in Turkey and Saudi Arabia took a different path. The United States and its NATO and regional allies have funneled weapons and money to right-wing armed sectarian groups since the Syrian civil war began in 2011. This quickly morphed into the dominance among the armed opposition in Syria of the Islamic State, Al-Qaeda and other groups.
In its reckless effort to smash the Assad government, as it did to Qaddafi's in Libya, the Obama administration cared little about the political character of the “rebels.” In so doing, they created a monster they could not control.
Even as ISIS and Al-Qaeda grew stronger and grabbed more and more territory from the besieged Syrian army, the Obama administration aimed its fire at the Syrian government. The CIA kept coordinating massive weapons shipments from Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar that allowed the armed opposition to get ever stronger. In August 2013, John Kerry and the Republicans in Congress demanded the bombing of the Syrian national army and government military assets, not ISIS or the armed opposition groups.
Then in June 2014, ISIS shocked the United States by defeating the Iraqi army and seized control of Mosul, Iraq's third largest city, and much of Anbar province, and seemed to threaten U.S. assets in Iraq. In a panic, Obama suddenly changed course, sent thousands of U.S. military personnel back to Iraq and announced the open-ended bombing of ISIS positions in Syria and Iraq.
Obama announced the new military campaign against ISIS on September 10, 2014 but also reiterated that the United States would continue to work to topple the Assad government in Syria.
When he spoke to the people of the United States about the plan for “endless war” against IS in Iraq and Syria, Obama refused to tell the truth about the situation in the Middle East. He refused to acknowledge how his administration's strategy for regime change in Libya and Syria, like George W. Bush's earlier war in Iraq, were the fundamental factors that had led to the rise of ISIS and other extremist organizations in three out of the four most important secular states in the Arab world.
The feckless, reckless and shortsighted policy of the Obama administration in Syria and Libya was no less breathtaking in 2011 than had been Jimmy Carter's and Ronald Reagan's in Afghanistan in the 1980s when the CIA and Pentagon provided massive support to the “mujahadeen” fighters—among them Osama bin Laden—in a clandestine war against the socialist government that had taken power in Afghanistan. The U.S.-supported anti-communist guerrillas morphed later into Al Qaeda and the Taliban.
Failed U.S. military efforts: ISIS has been winning
Not only did U.S. interventions open the political space for the rise of ISIS in Iraq, Libya and Syria, but Obama's latest effort against ISIS has proven a miserable failure. If the goal was to “degrade and defeat ISIS” as promised, they have failed completely. ISIS is stronger. Tens of thousands of new fighters have joined ISIS in Syria during the past 12 months. Money and weapons kept pouring in. It is the Syrian army that lost ground, not ISIS.
Obama promised “no boots on the ground” in Syria. His even more right-wing and militaristic critics in Congress are also not calling for thousands of U.S. troops to go and do battle with ISIS. Public opinion in the United States will not allow another mass deployment of troops to fight and die in another Middle East war.
But from a military standpoint, the armies of ISIS and Al-Qaeda cannot be defeated by air assault. They can only be defeated by other forces on the ground.
When Russian President Putin spoke at the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 28, he implicitly blamed the United States for creating the current crises in the Middle East by invading and destroying the secular government Iraq in 2003, militarily destroying the secular Libyan government in 2012 and fomenting civil war in Syria.
At the UN, Putin called for an international coalition to defeat ISIS, similar to the “anti-Hitler” coalition in World War that allied the Soviet Union, the United States and Britain during World War Two. He also emphasized the need to stand with the sovereign government in Syria battling ISIS, Al Qaeda and the other armed organizations.
The Obama administration immediately rejected this proposal because it included collaboration with the Syrian government. This is merely a demonstration of arrogance and hubris by representatives of the Empire. In their eyes, Assad was not supposed to survive after they declared that his government must fall. Since Obama, Kerry and Hillary Clinton declared “Assad must go,” they are now unwilling to accept responsibility for the “humiliation” of their “great power” that would be implied by entering into an open alliance with the same government they declared had “no future” in Syria.
Contradiction and hypocrisy
Obama's secretary of defense, Ashton Carter, says that Russia's efforts in Syria are “doomed to fail” because Russia believes the fight against ISIS and other terrorist forces requires support for the Assad government and the Syrian military.
But the logical contradiction lies not with the Russian position but with the one espoused by the White House. ISIS and the Al-Qaeda-led coalition, while they sometimes fight each other, are fighting the Syrian army. The only reason they have not seized the entire country is because of the battle waged by the Syrian army.
The United States says it wants to degrade and defeat ISIS, and is bombing some of the ISIS positions, but it won't send U.S. troops to defeat ISIS. It won't support the Syrian military that is actually fighting against ISIS and an array of other terrorist groups. In fact, the U.S. government is sending arms and weapons and paying the salaries of anti-Assad fighters who are then fighting alongside Al-Qaeda.
The U.S. position appears not just as a “logical contradiction” or hypocritical but downright nonsensical.
Just step back and look: Obama officials are condemning the Russian bombing because it has targeted Al-Qaeda. Russian aircraft are bombing positions of several armed opposition groups including the Nusra Front, an affiliate of Al-Qaeda, which the United States recognizes as responsible for hijacking and flying airplanes into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon on Sept. 11, 2001.
The need to destroy Al-Qaeda has been the principal rationale used by the U.S. “war on terror” conducted for the past 14 years in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Somali and elsewhere.
Thus, the irony is unmistakable when the Pentagon and U.S. media now denounces the Russian bombing of the Al-Qaeda affiliate in Syria. And the irony goes deeper. The Russian bombing has also struck CIA-funded armed groups fighting alongside Al-Qaeda.
That's right. U.S. taxpayers are paying for arms and training and salaries for armed combatants who are fighting with, and not against, Al-Qaeda. Apparently Al-Qaeda is okay as long as they kill Syrians and not Americans, and help the U.S. overthrow independent governments in the Middle East.
This seeming contradiction and weirdness in U.S. policy regarding Al-Qaeda is not exaggerated by those of us in the U.S. anti-war movement who successfully mobilized to stop Obama and Kerry's projected bombing campaign against the Syrian army that was planned in August 2013 and was only narrowly averted when Obama stepped back from the precipice at the last moment.
This is from the Oct. 1, 2015, New York Times:
“The strikes on Thursday targeted the Army of Conquest, a coalition of insurgent groups that includes the Nusra Front, the hard-line Islamist group Ahrar al-Sham and a range of less extreme Islamist groups—all of which are opposed to the Islamic State. Often fighting alongside the Army of Conquest are relatively secular groups from what is left of the loose-knit Free Syrian Army, including some that have received United States training and advanced American-made antitank missiles. At least one C.I.A.-trained group was among the targets hit on Wednesday, which drew an angry response from Washington.”
John McCain himself confirmed strikes against “our Free Syrian Army or groups that have been armed and trained by the CIA, because we have communications with people there.”
Stop the U.S. campaign for regime change in Syria
The position of the Russian government is that the survival of the Syrian army is indispensable for a viable political solution to emerge that could end the war in Syria and prevent the country from being fragmented. That is precisely what happened in Libya and Iraq following the imperialist-led destruction of those two countries in 2003 and 2011, when the existing state structures were shattered.
Far from being a “logical contradiction,” this is fully rational. In his CBS interview with Charlie Rose on Sept. 24, Putin stated: “There is no other solution to the Syrian crisis than strengthening the effective government structures and rendering them help in fighting terrorism. But at the same time, urging them to engage in positive dialogue with the rational opposition and conduct reform. … ” As a rejoinder to U.S. policymakers who insisted that “Assad must go,” he told Charlie Rose, “It's only the Syrian people who are entitled to decide who should govern their country and how.”
The Syrian war has entered a new stage. The stakes are high. Russia's intervention constitutes a pledge that the entire country will not be overtaken by ISIS or Al-Qaeda.
The fact that Russia has entered the Syria fray through the creation in Baghdad of a new international center for military coordination against ISIS that includes Russia, Iran, Syria and the government of Iraq must be regarded as a historical irony of the first order. When Bush and Cheney ordered the criminal invasion of Iraq in 2003, the last thing they could have foreseen a decade later is a post-occupation Iraqi government providing a military headquarters in Iraq for Russia, Syria and Iran. The words “feckless,” “reckless” and “short-sighted” are not really adequate to capture the degree of incompetence of a foreign policy based ultimately on the arrogance of imperial power.
Brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev and coffee purveyor Keurig Green Mountain have formed a joint venture to develop an in-home system that would focus on beer, cocktails and other alcoholic beverages.
On Friday AB InBev (bud) and JAB Holding Company-backed Keurig said the venture would focus on the research and development of an in-home alcohol drink system—confirming rumors that the brewer behind big brands like Bud Light and Stella Artois would pursue such an endeavor. The companies, for now focusing on the North American market, say that they intend to use Keurig's cold-system technology as a base for the technology, though with the focus on beer, spirits, cocktails and mixers.
That's an interesting pivot for Keurig as the company debuted a $370 cold beverage making device in the fall of 2015, only to stop producing the system after less than a year. The do-it-yourself fad seemed to fizzle by the time Keurig debuted that item—which aimed to replicate the success it had with single-serve coffee machines—and the high price was also viewed as a barrier.
AB InBev and Keurig appear to believe that an at-home system that focuses on alcoholic beverages could find a viable market. Already, devices that help consumers brew beer or make cocktails have percolated on crowdfunding sites. But no companies as large as AB InBev and Keurig have announced their intention to tackle the market.
Long-time AB InBev executive Nathaniel Davis will steer the new venture as CEO. Davis previously served as global vice president of innovation and development. He also worked in various packaging and marketing roles, in addition to his stint as a brewmaster early in his career. The team he will lead will work out of Massachusetts and Vermont.
The partnership is the first new significant venture from Keurig under that company's new parent. JAB paid $13.9 billion for Keurig, one of many splurges the conglomerate has made in the world of coffee. JAB has also bought Peet's Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee Company, Espresso House and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts (the latter sells far more doughnuts than coffee). The new business Keurig is pursuing with AB InBev implies that JAB thinks the brand can still potentially venture outside the world of coffee, even if Keurig Kold didn't work out.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was left angry by what he called "naive" actions from his medical staff
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho should apologise to team doctor Eva Carneiro for "publicly humiliating" her, says Liverpool's former head of medicine.
Peter Brukner, now the Australia cricket team's doctor, said Mourinho's criticism was "100% wrong" and Carneiro should not have her role changed.
Carneiro, 41, treated Eden Hazard after he was tripped in the final minutes of Chelsea's 2-2 draw with Swansea.
It briefly left the Blues with nine men after Thibaut Courtois's red card.
Carneiro looks set to lose her place on the bench for Sunday's Premier League match against Manchester City after Mourinho described his medical staff as "impulsive and naive", adding they did not "understand the game".
Speaking to BBC Radio 5 live, Brukner said Mourinho had "shown a significant lack of respect".
Eva Carneiro has been with Chelsea since 2009
The Australian said Carneiro and physio Jon Fearn acted "correctly" by waiting for referee Michael Oliver to wave them on to treat Hazard, who he claimed should be "copping it" if he was not injured.
"It's got nothing to do with the manager," said Brukner, Liverpool's former head of sports medicine and sports science. "You don't have doctors telling a manager to play someone up front or play 4-3-3.
"The doctor was 100% correct and the manager, in my opinion, was 100% wrong.
"He should apologise and the club should ensure that the doctor and physio are not demoted as a result of this.
"She has been publicly humiliated in front of the biggest audience there is and she had not done the wrong thing."
Eamonn Salmon, chief executive of the Football Medical Association (FMA) - which represents professional medical staff in the sport, also backed Carneiro and Fearn.
"On reflection, the majority of people would consider that the medical staff did nothing wrong," Salmon, a former Manchester City physio, told BBC Radio 5 live.
Former footballer Kevin Kilbane on BBC Radio 5 live "I have seen this sort of things happens, the physio going on at the wrong time and the manager is not happy with them. In the heat of the moment you get it, I am just slightly surprised he has come out post-match."
"They conducted themselves with integrity and professionalism - that is their job.
"We feel that she has been treated harshly."
Carneiro will no longer attend matches or training sessions but will continue to work with first-team players at Chelsea's Cobham training ground, according to the Daily Telegraph.
The Premier League Doctors' Group said removing Carneiro from the bench would be "unjust in the extreme".
The group, drawn from top-flight clubs, said she had "universal and total support" from her medical colleagues.
It added: "A refusal to run onto the pitch would have breached the duty of care required of the medical team to their patient.
"The precedent set by this incident demonstrates that the medical care of players appears to be secondary to the result of the game."
Chelsea have declined to comment.
But former Blues winger Pat Nevin said the decision to treat Hazard was "probably a slight error of judgement", though he added it was "not the worst one in the world".
Nevin said he was "saddened" by the disagreement, but added it was not "particularly uncommon" in football.
"Last season, Jose Mourinho said he was so proud of his medical staff and how hard they worked to keep players fit for so long.
"We have kind of forgotten the fact he was quite fulsome of his praise to those people."
Houston craft beer lovers get another local brewery option this week when Town in City Brewing Company makes its debut. Over two years in the making, owners Steven Macalello and Justin Engle envision Town in City as slightly different than other Houston breweries.
"We're trying to create an atmosphere more akin to what we're used to outside of Texas," Macalello, who attended graduate school in Colorado with Engle, tells CultureMap.
"There's very little distinction between a brewery and a brewpub, but here there's a big distinction. What we're used to is a brewery that's open — you can come buy beer whenever you like. They're open more like traditional bar hours, but they close a little earlier. They usually have food."
Patrons can stop by and have a pint or two in the brewery's 700-square-foot taproom or 1,400-square-foot outdoor beer garden.
Rather than open for brief tours, Town in City will be open Wednesday through Sunday beginning at 3 pm. Patrons can stop by and have a pint or two in the brewery's 700-square-foot taproom or 1,400-square-foot outdoor beer garden. A food truck will be on site.
"It's going to operate more like a bar," Macalello explains. "You come in, sit down, someone will be with you. You can order food or beer from them. It all comes on the same tab."
Town in City serves English and American-style ales. At launch, they'll be pouring four beers: an American pale ale, an American IPA, an English amber and an English-style porter.
"People like more hop-forward beers in the U.S.; we like more hop-forward beers as well," Macalello says. "Generally, at least for right now, most of our beers are pretty traditional. We try to focus on execution and making the brews taste the best that they can."
Houstonians will get the opportunity to decide for themselves on Saturday during White Linen Night. Town in City will be open with live music starting at 6 pm and a special white IPA on tap.
"We want people to feel like this is their brewery and identify with it, because it's in their space," Macalello says. "We live in the neighborhood. I think all of that makes it feel like a more cohesive, integrated business into the community."
As the water polo and diving pools at the Olympics remain a murky shade of green, Rio officials said they're not clear on how the “proliferation of algea” was able to grow, according to the Associated Press.
“We first learned that chemistry is not an exact science,” Rio 2016 spokesman Mario Andrada told the AP Friday.
The pools at the Olympics are thought to have changed colors due to algae growth that officials said was caused by heat and a lack of wind. Other experts say chemical imbalances are what can cause algae to grow in pools. The pools started to change early last week, and according to the AP, underwater cameras have captured “amoebae-like shapes” in the water.
As the AP reports, some scientists argue that preventing algae and green pools is a pretty simple science. “The basic principles of maintaining disinfectant, proper pH, and circulation and filtration are scientifically sound and well established,” said Tom Lachocki, executive director of the National Swimming Pool Foundation in Colorado Springs.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Officials are reportedly using chlorine to get the pools back to their normal shade.
[AP]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
His health insurance tax break would cover Medicaid for a family of four.
His health insurance tax break would cover Medicaid for a family of four.
New Medicaid enrollment is far outpacing new insurance customers under Obamacare so far, a subtle sign that the program could play a greater role in the law's coverage expansion than first anticipated. Some people are signing up for the Medicaid expansion created by the president's health law. Others were already eligible for their state's current Medicaid program, but until this outreach campaign about health coverage, they had never signed up. In Washington state, for instance, the overwhelming number of people signing up for health coverage are eligible for Medicaid, state figures show. Of the 35,528 state residents who had signed up in the first three weeks of enrollment, 55 percent were part of the Medicaid expansion population, and 32 percent were eligible for the state's existing Medicaid program. Only 13 percent signed up for a new private insurance plan. In Kentucky, another state running its own exchange, 26,174 people had enrolled in new coverage as of Thursday. Four out of five had enrolled in Medicaid.
Here's some reality injected into the day's Obamacare debate: Medicaid enrollments are surging This is what those numbers are reflecting: The economy still stinks and far too many people are in low-wage, no-benefits jobs. Here's the second thing: People are desperately in need of having affordable health care coverage. They have been forever, because America's health care system has sucked so badly for so long.
That's the status quo Republicans have been clinging to, a failing system that left millions and millions out, and costs far more than it should for everyone else, with a handful of people making out pretty damned well, as usual. Here's a perfect illustration of that from Business Insider's Josh Barro: Sen. Ted Cruz's gold-plated, $40,000/year insurance plan, through his wife's employer, Goldman Sachs. In 2009, the Cruzes got about a $15,000 tax break on their insurance, since health insurance benefits are not taxable income. In 2010, Medicaid coverage for a family of four cost about $11,000. Yes, Ted Cruz's tax break would more than cover a family of four. Republicans have no problem with that idea, and that's part of what they want to preserve, never mind their newfound outrage over the unfairness of some people paying higher premiums so more people can have coverage.
This status quo is what Republican governors who refused Medicaid expansion are trying to maintain. This status quo is what every Republican effort to sabotage the law is trying to maintain. That Medicaid is surging in enrollments just highlights how much need exists in this country, and how destructive the Republican vision is.
Tenants in Exposition Park held a public rally to protest a mass eviction that will turn the building into housing for USC students. Beverly White reports for the NBC4 News at 11 p.m. on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. (Published Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017)
Over 70 tenants at an apartment complex off Exposition Boulevard are facing eviction in the midst of the holidays after they received notices taped to their doors warning them that they must leave by mid-January at the latest.
Angry, worried, and looking for a resolution, the tenants organized a rally on Friday to bring attention to their concerns. They said that the new owners of the six buildings, Kim Chung Suk and Kim Hae Jung, plan to turn the complex into housing units for USC students.
"They're not trying to talk to us," Steven Baldwin, who has lived in the complex for 13 years, said. "They're trying to get us out and put USC students in. In a letter that's what they told us."
The buildings were purchased by the new owners just last September for $8.5 million. According to the Los Angeles Tenants Union, the apartments' residents were also given noticed that Section 8 vouchers would no longer be accepted.
"We haven't heard from (the owners)," Paul Lanctot of the LA Tenants Union said. "We sent out a list of demands and they haven't responded. We want to get some public support for all of these tenants."
The University responded to the rally in a statement and said that the institution has given the city $20 million to support affordable housing initiatives.
"USC is a longtime community partner, including in the area of housing," a USC media relations specialist said. "Just this year, the university has increased its student housing inventory by 35 percent to help reduce pressure on the local market."
Many years ago, while riding a motorbike from Vancouver to Victoria after dark, I was struck by the lack of attention of other drivers.
They pulled out in front of me – apparently without looking – changed lanes on top of me, and generally behaved as though it was their mission to take me out that night. It was like I was invisible.
When I arrived at the Tsawwassen Ferry Terminal, I realized that I was, in fact, invisible. The low beam on my all-black 1982 Suzuki had died. I was riding blind – or at least unseen. Realizing that the high beam still worked, I tilted the headlight down so as not to blind other drivers and made the rest of the trip without incident.
Story continues below advertisement
I felt lucky. I mean, who in his right mind would be on the road, in traffic, on a black bike and wearing dark clothing without having a functioning headlight?
The answer, I have discovered, is a lot of cyclists in Vancouver.
According to the Canadian Automobile Association, the majority of bicycle crashes that result in injuries occur during the afternoon rush hour. One out of three fatal bike accidents happens at night.
The time change means that a great many evening cyclists are now making their way home in pitch blackness – and a stunning number of them do so without a headlight, a tail light or reflective clothing of any kind. (Never mind helmets – they've opted instead for tuques of invincibility.)
The hardiest among them do it in the rain, which camouflages them further and simultaneously reduces the ability of drivers to see them – a dangerous combination.
When I'm behind the wheel of a car, before I make a move, I now check my mirrors three or four times, and if I'm getting out of the car, I actually open the door a crack and look back down the street to see if an invisible cyclist might be approaching.
There are several additional mirror checks and a shoulder check before I pull out. Even then, at the last minute, there is still a chance that a black-clad and completely unlit cyclist will apparate out of thin air, as with a Hogwarts headmaster.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
When I learned to drive a motorcycle, I was frequently reminded of the potential hazards of cars parked in the curb lane. Did the car just pull in? Is there someone behind the wheel? That could mean a door is about to open. Are the lights on? Is it signalling? Are the reverse lights lit? Are the wheels turned in or out? Is there exhaust coming from the tailpipe? All of that will help you assess risk.
And yet, I can sit in my own car, exhibiting any or all of those telltale signs, and an unlit cyclist dressed like a Famous People Players puppeteer will whiz past within inches of my rear-view mirror.
No question, the onus is on me as a driver not to door them or pull out in front of them, but you would think that they would exercise at least some caution when it comes to passing – maybe just allowing a few extra inches of space. Nope.
To be fair, many of the daily cycle commuters appear to get it. Walking home along the bikeway, I see cyclists who are the best-lit, most reflective, rainproof (and yet remarkably breathable) objects on the road. You can identify them by their panniers and their gear. Also, they tend to wear helmets, gloves and sometimes even reflective vests.
But it's later in the evening, after the first wave has passed, that the "just getting from A to B" people take over.
Think, "Dude let me borrow your bike so I can go fill my growler!" Those are the ones I just don't get. The ones who make no effort to be seen and, as a result, put their lives in the hands of the terrible, unskilled, aggressive, self-entitled and distracted drivers of Vancouver. I often see them riding side by side, hands in pockets, chatting merrily and oblivious to that fact that they are virtually invisible.
Story continues below advertisement
I know, wearing black is cool. Being able to ride with your hands in your pockets is cool too. And that tuque really frames your face.
I have vowed never to be one of those people who have to utter the tragic line "I didn't see you."
But I swear, I worry that it's just a matter of time.
Stephen Quinn is the host of On the Coast on CBC Radio One, 690 AM and 88.1 FM in Vancouver.
Any determination of dates for the Venture Brothers based on historical events will be fraught with difficulties, since as Doc points out on the DVD commentary to ORB, "The timeline is all wacky, since you've been lied to through history, so don't try to piece this together about when it happened."
Key:
DATE+ The earliest an event is believed to have occurred
DATE- The latest an event is believed to have occurred
BOLD dates are either shown on screen or stated by a character in a reliable manner
dates are either shown on screen or stated by a character in a reliable manner (DA, DB, etc.) Designates this date is being used to calculate other dates. Parenthetic formulas after dates show the basic calculations used to get the dates
Ranges of possible dates are indicated with slashes. August 1, 1971/2 would indicate that an event was explicitly stated to have been on August 1, but the year is inferred or implied as either 1971 or 1972.
And of course, any complete history is fraught with SPOILERS.
Early Days [ edit ]
Late 1800's (Early 1900's?) [1] The flashback begun in ORB and ended in The Revenge Society.
1910 The founding date of the modern Guild of Calamitous Intent.
October 24, 1930 - Birth of Dragoon, the oldest living Guild member
September 7, 1936 - Birth of Red Mantle, second oldest living Guild member
1958[2] The Guild agrees to The Service Abandonment Guild Non-Assail Pact
February 16, 1959 [3] Fantomas kidnaps Dragoon and Red Mantle into the Guild.
1960/1 (DC = DB - 43 years) [4] Dr. Venture is born.
1963/4 (DC + 3 years) [5] At the age of 3, Rusty begins accompanying his father on adventures.
1966 [6] Hamilton Fantomas, Jonas Venture and Richard Impossible are included in a photo of the Boys' Brigade.
1966 [7] Jonas Venture advertises H.E.L.P.eR. as a new product.
1967 Charter of Casual Contact
1968 Jonas Venture battles the L. Ron Hubbard at Jackie Onassis's wedding, while Rusty is accidentally kidnapped, while hiding in a large trunk, by the people of Spanikos.
1969 Major Tom dies while testing the X-9 over the Bermuda Triangle, with members of Team Venture (Jonas, Col. Gentleman, Kano, and The Action Man) watching from the deck of X-2, and Rusty below deck.[8] Rusty's Law is enacted. [9] Adrian is built.[10]
19Shitty9 Team Venture takes possession of Spider-Skull Island from the Fraternity of Torment.
1970/1 (DC + 10 years) [11] At the age of 10, Rusty has his last childhood meeting with Dr. Quymn. This may be their near kiss at Jonas Venture's party attended by Colonel Gentleman his then wife Mz. Quymn, David Bowie and others.
1971 [12] The Venture Industries Careers in Science filmstrip highlighting Gargantua I and showing it under construction is released (or at least copyrighted). Rusty is "like 10" at the time he 'helps' on the construction.
ca. 1974 [13] Rusty enjoys himself in the Lincoln bedroom.
1976 Guild Bounty on Blue Morpho, Team Venture's "junkyard dog", and The Monarch's father, is collected.
1978 [14] A group of honorary gold members of The Rusty Venture Fan Club and Dr. Paul Entmann are stranded under the Venture Compound by M.U.T.H.E.R. and Jonas Venture.
1977/8 (DC + 17 years) [15] At the age of 17, Rusty has his last adventure with his father.
1980 - 2002 [ edit ]
1981 or 1982 [16] Roy Brisby wins Li-Li from David Bowie.
1982/3 (DE: <= DD) [17] Brock Samson's shortened Freshman year at State University where he first encountered Rusty "T.S." Venture, who was at least a year ahead of him. After accidentally killing the quarterback during football practice, Brock goes on a drunken rampage attacking Rusty, Pete White, Mike Sorayama, and Baron Ünderbheit. Soon after, The Monarch makes his first attack on Rusty, blowing up the lab space he shared with Baron Ünderbheit. The absent Rusty is blamed for the explosion, which destroys Ünderbheit's jaw [18]. Upon Rusty's return from the infirmary, Brock relays the message that Jonas Venture has died, sparking Rusty's departure from school. As a result of Jonas' death, Professor Impossible gives Rusty a sympathy D [19].
1983/4/5/6/7 (>= DE, <= DG) [20] The Monarch's second attack on Dr. Venture is foiled by his bodyguard Myra Brandish and H.E.L.P.eR..
1983 (DD: DA - 21 years) [21] Brock Samson starts his OSI career working under Hunter Gathers.
1984 (DA - 20 years) [22] Brock first encounters Molotov Cocktease while working with Hunter in Paris.
1984/5 (DE: DC +24 years) [23] Dr. Venture finally has sex.
March/October 1985 [24] The start of how long it's been for Rusty
1986/7 (DG: >= 86, <= DF) [25] Host Pete White rigs the game show Quizboys in favor of Billy Quizboy. The resulting scandal leaves them both disgraced and destitute enough to seek work from Dr. Venture. Upon arrival at the compound, they find OSI relieving Myra Brandish of her duties as Dr. Venture's bodyguard, and H.E.L.P.eR. tending the (newborn?) babies Hank and Dean Venture. After a detour on the underground quiz circuit claims Billy's arm & eye, he is recruited by Brock & Hunter to help expose the Guild of Calamitous Intent. Billy goes undercover at State University to investigate Professor Hamilton Fantomas. Fantomas' other students include Sheila, and his office mate Professor Impossible has just quit or been fired[26]. Billy's investigation ends in Fantomas' transformation into Phantom Limb, along with Hunter being transferred to Guam and Brock being assigned as the new Venture bodyguard by Sgt. Haine.
1986+ (<= DG) [27] At State University, Phantom Limb first attempts to recruit Sheila into the Guild. After her unsuccessful run as Lady Au Pair and her Murderous Moppets, Limb selects her to be Queen Etherea.
1986+ (<= DG) [28] Phantom Limb's party, where The Monarch and Sheila get together. Prior to this, Sheila had worked for Truckules. The Monarch claims to have arched Captain Sunshine.
1987 (DF) [29]The original SPHINX is annihilated by the OSI in the Pyramid Wars.
1990 [30] Wonderboy III is born.
ca. 2000 [31] Brock and Molotov meet at a Laser Zeppelin show at the Akron planetarium.
2003 on [ edit ]
June 6, 2003 [32] The Monarch mails Dr. Venture a cobra.
ca. November 2, 2002/3 [33] Dia de los Dangerous!
August 2002/May 2003- [34] Ice Station -- Impossible!
2002/3/4 (DH: DC + 43 years - (0 to 9 months) ) [35] Return to Spider-Skull Island
May 4th, 2004 (DB = DA +- 1 yr) [36] Twenty Years to Midnight
March+ 24, 2004 (DA)[37] Assassinanny 911
November-, 2004 [38] Guess Who's Coming to State Dinner?
2004 [39] Home Is Where the Hate Is
2004 [40] The Family That Slays Together, Stays Together (Part 2)
2006 [41] Wonderboy III dies.
2006/7/8 [42]Handsome Ransom
July 2009+ [43] The Diving Bell Vs. The Butter-glider
ca. 29Shitty9[44] Brainulo is born
notes [ edit ]
The revelation that Dermott Fictel is Rusty's illegitimate son may revise the timeline a bit. Originally it was implied that Rusty lost his virginity at the age of 24 to Myra Brandish and that he hadn't slept with anyone else since. We know that he also slept with Dermott's mother Nikki Fictel 17 years before Everybody Comes To Hank's. Myra implies that Hank and Dean are really 19 not 16 in I Know Why The Caged Bird Kills so presumably Hank and Dean were conceived almost 20 years ago. The original Hank and Dean should be a few years older than Dermott but due to their cloning Dermott appears to be older. Another clue is Rusty's hairline...he has a huge bald spot by the time he slept with Nikki but not so with Myra. So presumably the 19 years, 2 months and 4 days starts after Nikki. Rusty presumably slept with Nikki when he was 26-27 and should be about 46-47 now. This may also make Brock, Pete White, Baron Underbeiht and the Monarch a few years older since they all went to State University at the same time.
Pastor Maldonado has had an admittedly terrible season thus far, having to retire for five out of six races through little fault of his own. Many remember the garbage days of yore, though, so let's take a journey back through time to battle evil cyborgs from Cyberdyne watch Maldonado's most facepalm-worthy hits.
First, you see how Maldonado has a thing for taking himself out. This car is evil and must be punished! Then it gets into Maldonado taking out all the other cars on track. Those cars, too, must pay for their misdeeds against the Maldonator! Needless to say, the other competitors on track are not happy with their new nemesis.
Perhaps the rest of the field has figured out the game this year: take the Maldonator out before he gets to you or your teammate. More likely, though, they've had similarly dumb luck and/or moments of cranial flatulence, as has Maldonado's own car, which keeps breaking down as well. Either way, this video explains why “Maldonado'd” is forty times the thing “Orlove'd” will ever be (sorry, buddy) and why this crash counter has good reason to exist.
Is he a pay driver? Is he a robot hell-bent on destruction? Or is he merely a risk-taking nightmare to share track space with?
If he was, in fact, an evil robot, that would explain his balls of steel theory. I'm just sayin'.
Advertisement
Contact the author at stef.schrader@jalopnik.com.
Sometimes you don't want to have to sit down and play through an hour-long campaign on some game. Instead you want some mindless action to kill while you're in the can or on the bus. This is where games like Alpha Wave come into play. Alpha Wave is developed by Hardline Studios and is a simple fast paced retro space shooter inspired by the likes of Asteroids, Galaga and Astrosmash.
Alpha Wave is a nonstop experience with 65 waves of enemies rushing at you in three levels. This is of course coupled with a huge variety in enemies which each have their own unique movesets along with boss battles to keep things interesting. What also makes Alpha Wave look amazing is the bright colors, polished graphics and unique soundtrack. Special effects also abound in Alpha Wave making things seem hectic and just crazy. If you're into leaderboards and achievements, Alpha Wave has both so you know where you stand. Alpha Wave does cost $1.25 but it is a guaranteed one time purchase with no more IAPs and from what I've seen it is well worth it.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chocolate enjoyed around the world today had its origins at least 3,100 years ago in Central America not as the sweet treat people now crave but as a celebratory beer-like beverage and status symbol, scientists said on Monday.
This pottery vessel from northern Honduras is of the same type and form as ones in which scientists found the earliest known evidence of the use of the cacao plant -- the source of chocolate. Image courtesy of PNAS/National Academy of Sciences. REUTERS/Handout
Researchers identified residue of a chemical compound that comes exclusively from the cacao plant — the source of chocolate — in pottery vessels dating from about 1100 BC in Puerto Escondido, Honduras.
This pushed back by at least 500 years the earliest documented use of cacao, an important luxury commodity in Mesoamerica before European invaders arrived and now the basis of the modern chocolate industry.
Cacao (pronounced cah-COW) seeds were used to make ceremonial beverages consumed by elites of the Aztecs and other civilizations, while also being used as a form of currency.
The Spanish conquistadors who shattered the Aztec empire in the 16th century were smitten with a chocolate beverage made from cacao seeds served in the palace of the emperor. However, this was not the form in which cacao had its beginnings.
“The earliest cacao beverages consumed at Puerto Escondido were likely produced by fermenting the sweet pulp surrounding the seeds,” the scientists wrote in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
One of the researchers, anthropologist John Henderson of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, said cacao beverages were being concocted far earlier than previously believed — and it was a beer-like drink that started the chocolate craze.
“What we're seeing in this early village is a very early stage in which serving cacao at fancy occasions is one of the strategies that upwardly mobile families are using to establish themselves, to accumulate social prestige,” Henderson said in a telephone interview.
“I think this is part of the process by which you eventually get stratified societies,” Henderson said.
The cacao brew consumed at the village of perhaps 200 to 300 people may have evolved into the chocolate beverage known from later in Mesoamerican history not by design but as “an accidental byproduct of some brewing,” Henderson said.
The chocolate enjoyed by later Mesoamerican civilizations like the Maya and Aztecs was made from ground cacao seeds with added seasonings, producing a spicy, frothy drink.
The Spanish brought cacao back to Europe in the 16th century. Many innovations occurred in the ensuing centuries, including the advent of solid chocolate treats.
The scientists used chemical analysis of residues extracted from pottery vessels from the Honduran site to determine that cacao had been used.
The style of the 10 small, elegant serving vessels suggests the cacao brew was served at important ceremonies perhaps to celebrate weddings and births, the scientists said.
Henderson said the first use of cacao may be earlier still by perhaps a couple of centuries. He said the scientists intend to test earlier pottery from the region for chemical proof.
The following report and accompanying photos were provided by Cassie Heil of Oceans Research. The report involves a fisherman catching a protected great white shark (Carcharodon carcharias) at Beacon Point in South Africa's Mossel Bay. The shark was eventually returned to the water by Ryan Johnson, an Oceans Research scientist. Thanks to Ms. Heil and Oceans Research for sharing this story, and kudos to Johnson for his efforts to return the protected shark back into the water.
Man Illegally Catches a great white shark in Mossel Bay
Press release – 16th October, 2011: Mossel Bay
On Friday 14th October 2011, Oceans Research received a phone call from local members of the community regarding an incident that was taking place at Beacon Point in Mossel Bay. A fisherman was in the process of catching a great white shark and was hauling it onto the rocks. In South Africa, the white shark is a protected species, and if one is inadvertently hooked then it must be immediately released.
Ryan Johnson, a scientist from Oceans Research rushed down to the location to discover the fisherman still had the shark out of the water; was making no effort to return it to the water and was instead posing for photographs being taken by his two companions. Simultaneously, Oceans Research scientist, Enrico Gennari, telephoned the local fisheries inspector from the Department of Forestry and Fisheries (DAFF), who assured Gennari that he was going to make his way to the location to investigate (the DAFF offices are situated less than 1 kilometer from the fishing location).
On arrival, Ryan Johnson confronted the fisherman and informed him that he was breaking the law, that the great white is a protected species, and asked the fisherman to move away from the shark to enable Johnson to return it to the Ocean. Assisted by a member of the community, Johnson returned the shark to the water by waiting for large enough swells to arrive and take some of the shark's weight. Following release into the water, the shark rolled onto its side, righted itself, bumped into a rock and swam out of sight. It is impossible to know whether the shark will survive this ordeal.
Following the incidence, Johnson and the fisherman, believed to be from George argued passionately. When asked whether he knew that fishing great whites was illegal, the fisherman responded “so what, you (Johnson) drink and drive, everyone does things illegal so what is the big deal?”
The fisherman then started to pack up his equipment and move it to his car with the aid of the two young men. This equipment included a kayak, which presumably was used to paddle out and place the massive baits and tackle, as they were too large to cast. The entire fishing set up was designed to catch very large sharks, and it was clear that the fisherman's intent was to target and catch white sharks, a protected species.
Johnson waited at the site for 20 minutes whilst the fishers packed up and left. Unfortunately no compliance officer arrived by the time that the fishers left. When Oceans Research attempted to telephone the inspector again, his cell phone was off and as far as is known, he never arrived at the scene of the offence.
In the past four years Oceans Research has routinely identified fishermen targeting and catching white sharks in Mossel Bay. During almost every public holiday, fishermen from Cape Town and other major metros appear in the small Mossel Bay community armed with the latest shark fishing kit and place massive hooks and bait in areas known to be congregation sites for white sharks. Whilst fishing used to occur in the evenings and early morning when detection would be unlikely, in recent years the lack of any enforcement has resulted in fishing becoming increasingly brazen. According to the Mossel Bay community, people like this fisherman bring shame to the recreational angling sport as they act in a non-professional manner, and isolate themselves from the majority of the angling community which recognise the importance of these apex predators in the marine ecosystem.
South Africa has a proud history of conserving and responsibly managing white sharks. However, in recent years, the increase in sport fishing for sharks has resulted in an increase in the targeting for this protected species. Whilst many sport fishing clubs are dedicated to fishing responsibly and within the laws, rogue fisherman routinely target and catch great whites in South Africa. To date not one reported incident has ever led to a prosecution. Why is that? Ryan Johnson believes that it is related to legislation. “The difficulty in prosecuting and investigating such cases, is that fisherman officially claim that they are not targeting white sharks (when questioned) despite unofficially admitting they are targeting white sharks in social media sites such as Facebook. Despite being equipped with tackle designed to capture sharks as large as white sharks, fishing in locations that are known great white aggregation sites, the authorities claim that ‘intent' cannot be sufficiently established to lead to a successful prosecution”. He also notes that “Despite law stating that fishermen inadvertently hooking white sharks must cut them free as soon as they are identified, the fishermen in question refuse to do this as they claim it is more responsible to land the shark, take the hook out and then release it (after taking a bunch of snap shots) – It is a very convenient loop-hole for rogue fishermen”.
What occurs in an environment where there are no consequences for breaking environmental laws? People believe they have a free reign and thus ignore legislation. So, are white sharks protected in South Africa? If protection extends only to the signing of legislation, then yes. If protection means actually keeping white sharks safe in South Africa, then the answer is no, they are not adequately protected. Without immediate action against this practise, South Africa's reputation for responsible environmental policy is in danger of being eroded. We are the ambassadors of one of the oceans most iconic yet vulnerable species; it is time for us to seize this responsibility.
Oceans Research would like to thank the concerned members of the Mossel Bay community who reported this incident to Oceans Research and assisted in the release of the shark. White sharks are a unique natural asset that adds significant value to Mossel Bay, it is up to residents to ensure that our environmental integrity is protected. We would urge for anyone who witnesses this behaviour in the future to contact Oceans Research and local authorities immediately. Oceans Research can be reached by phoning 044 690 5799 or contacting the local DAFF inspectors.
Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume.
There are hundreds of flag poles in the nation's capital, and thousands of flags. Meet the Canberrans who look after them.
Faye Powell sent in a question about the city's flags, which often change overnight, signalling the arrival of a foreign dignitary.
"I've driven down Commonwealth Avenue many, many times, and noticed all the different flags that come up and go down," she said.
"[I've] always wondered – where do they come from, who puts them up, and how many do they have of all these things?"
Faye imagined a "huge storage area", located somewhere in Canberra, and was hoping for a sticky beak.
External Link: Listen to the podcast
When Curious Canberra wrangled an invitation to the ACT Government's flag store, in the industrial suburb of Fyshwick, she jumped at the chance to come along.
Flying the flags
Share It's an early start for ACT Government staff, who aim to raise new flags by sunrise.
Three Canberrans manage most of the flags that are flown in the city.
Michael Arioli has been raising and lowering flags for 15 years, as an ACT Government employee.
"I love my job, love flying them," he said.
I joined him one morning at a set of flag poles on the Commonwealth Avenue bridge, ahead of a visit from the President of Croatia.
Share Michael Arioli prepares to raise the Croatian flag, ahead of a visit from the President, Her Excellency Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic.
"You've just got to make sure you put them up the right way for starters, and they obviously go in order," Michael explained.
"Australian's always first, then the next country, then it's an Australian [flag] … whichever direction the traffic's going, you must always have the Australian [flag] first."
It's common for Michael and his colleagues Marc Hirzel and Rhys Husselbee to start work before sunrise, owing to strict Australian flag protocols.
It states that flags can be raised at first light, at the earliest, and should not be lowered later than dusk.
Share International flags are organised by country and stored in deep plastic tubs.
There are other rules too, which keep the team busy when a foreign official is in town.
"You're not allowed to fly any flag really in the dark, so we take the ones that aren't lit down, and then redo it again in the morning, and redo it again in the afternoon, until that certain day when the dignitaries leave."
The work doesn't end once the flags come down.
"We tend to find that a lot of birds land on top of the flag poles and do their daily business," Michael laughed.
"They end up with a lot of poo on them, so we wash them straight away just to get those marks off them."
Inside the flag store
Share Michael and Marc move flags around the store in Fyshwick. Each box contains between 20 to 45 folded flags.
To help with that job, there's an industrial washing machine inside the flag store, and rows of washing line too.
But that's not what Faye had come to see.
During our visit, Michael took her through the most impressive feature of the store – the shelves and shelves of boxed up flags.
"We hold a lot here, we have in the thousands," he said.
"We … store indoor flags, outdoor flags, ceremonial flags … not just for dignitaries, we hold a lot of events in the ACT as well, like Floriade, the World Cup rugby."
Share A handy reference guide, taped to the wall of the Fyshwick flag store.
The Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet owns the international flags in the store.
They're frequently audited and organised by country, then fabric type, and stored in plastic boxes.
When an official foreign visit is scheduled, the department contacts the team, via administrative officer Carol Miller.
Michael and Marc then ready the flags, ahead of their installation along Canberra's main arterial roads.
As to how many countries are represented in the store, Michael said it's "pretty well every single one, other than just a couple."
Share Flags are laundered and folded in the store after use.
On leaving the flag store, Faye confirmed that her question was well and truly answered.
"It was … great to meet the guys because they had some interesting stories to tell, and the work they do, the hours they work – it's something you don't realise when you see the flags," she said.
Share The store has four rows of flags, representing countries, states and ACT events.
And next time she notices new flags as she drives through the city...
"I'll be thinking of those two guys out there putting flags up at 3.30 in the morning!"
The gym experience has different meanings for all of us. One may believe the general idea is to improve the quality of one's health, however some brave souls have a need to fulfill, and that need is to perform. Others will inadvertently destroy a strong treadmill vibe, and a small few will seek eye contact through various tactics. These are ten classic characters of the gym.
The Flash
The Flash is all about the work out. When one is on the treadmill they may catch a glimpse of Flash via peripheral vision, and will be amazed by the intensity and body movements displayed by this person. The arms and legs of Flash move like propellers and one eagerly waits in suspense for a potential liftoff. Flash attacks the gym with confidence, and moves from station to station with cat-like speed and reflexes. You never see the transitions, however, and question whether Flash is indeed human.
The Chatmaster
Don't get caught without your headphones because The Chatmaster is looking for you. Chatmaster can catch you at any time, and one must keep their eyes open and be prepared for awkward conversation. Chatmaster is available to talk about anything and patiently waits for eye contact. One may believe that headphones will keep Chatmaster away, but this individual will continue to jabber and look repeatedly at you while thinking of ways to get your attention. Strong peripheral vision is key to effectively managing Chatmaster.
The Concerned Television Viewer
Everyone loves to focus on a television while at the gym, and there is always one individual who will stand in front of you with a concerned look on their face. This is The Concerned Television Viewer. The content being watched by CTV is irrelevant, and one will recognize that CTV doesn't only have one think session before the monitor – no, CTV leaves and comes back for additional think sessions.
The Treadmill Torturer
If you are like me, the treadmill is the key component of the gym experience, and one can spend countless hours on this machine. When I am running at a 6.5, and have extreme Spotify focus, I do not want anyone messing with my treadmill game. This is when TTT appears. The Treadmill Torturer lurks and will tap you on the shoulder while you are running, or stand in front of you in an attempt to get your attention. Headphones are key when trying to avoid TTT, whom fails to understand that people generally want to be left alone when running. TTT is extremely aggressive.
The Chest
The Chest can be either a woman or man, and walks with supreme confidence led by their glorious chest. The posture of Chest inspires a feeling of awe, and a kind facial expression will always take a back seat to the chesty energy of Chest. This individual is also known as Chesty McChesterson.
The Elderly Giant
TEG has a solid bike routine and chats with others that are 15 feet away. TEG has a loud, booming voice and doesn't treadmill torture any fellow gym rats. One may experience a look of scorn from TEG, but that's just the way TEG looks.
The Entertainer
The gym is an event for a special group of people. They don't just put on the sweats, work out and call it a day – no, the gym is a stage and one must put on a show. Entertainer is dressed for the occasion, and it is not always apparent that Entertainer is doing anything. This individual moves around and has people to see. One may mistake Entertainer for an employee, however the outfit quickly answers your question. Entertainer is an excellent listener, and expresses the appropriate facial expressions to let you know that your words are not lost.
The Rockstar
Rockstar can certainly be a woman, but is typically a middle-aged, overweight white man. Rockstar is enthused by the gym experience, and listens to music that can match their own intensity. One will glance over and see Rockstar laughing, playing the air drums and talking out loud during an enjoyable musical experience. Example: Tom Morello finishes an awesome solo and Rock Star will say “Whattt?!” while looking around. One won't know the music Rockstar is listening to (unless very close), but one will certainly recognize a supreme enthusiasm for the gym and the wild nature of Rockstar.
The Voice of Pain
The Voice of Pain will linger in your mind long after the gym experience is over. VOP works out with such vigor that cries from their soul will fill the room and frighten the common gym rat. One will watch from afar and feel concerned for VOP but understands that VOP lives for the pain and has it under control. VOP is a gym favorite because of a commitment to hard work and VOP will also respect the space of others. When one converses with VOP the feeling of pure stamina is exuded.
The Silent Nodder
TSN is you, me and everybody we know. The gym is a friendly place and one must show the proper respect to fellow work out weirdos. The characteristic we all share is the silent nod, and this action unites us all, if only briefly.
Follow Quinn on Twitter
Let the rebuild continue! After dealing away pieces during last season's fiasco, such as defenseman Cody Franson, wingers Mike Santorelli and Daniel Winnik, and ridding themselves of the atrocity that was David Clarkson‘s contract, the Toronto Maple Leafs have sent goal-scoring winger Phil Kessel to the Pittsburgh Penguins, for Nick Spaling, Kasperi Kapanen, Scott Harrington and a first and third round pick in 2016. Kessel is expected to be holding back 15% of his salary ($1.25M) for a $6.75M cap hit. Tyler Biggs and Tim Erixon are being sent to the Penguins as well as a 2016 second round draft pick. More to come.
As a @RealKyper reported, Kessel to PIT for Kapanen, Harrington and a pick — Elliotte Friedman (@FriedgeHNIC) July 1, 2015
Kessel signed an eight-year extension with Toronto, in October 2013, and is set to make an average of $8 million through the 2021-22 NHL season. For a guaranteed 30-goal scorer, possibly a 40-goal one, it was expected that the return Kessel would grant the Leafs would be monumental, and it sure was.
After the 2008-09 season, Kessel was involved in the infamous trade that saw him move to Toronto in exchange for eventual 1st-round picks in Tyler Seguin and Dougie Hamilton. The 27-year-old has played six seasons with the Maple Leafs, paired with center Tyler Bozak, on the Leafs first line, and has scored 30 or more goals in every season, excluding one – the shortened 2012-13 season. Last season, Kessel posted season highs in goals (37) and points (80) in 82 games. His experience in the playoffs is limited, having only played 22 games in three post-season appearances, but the rugged winger has 21 points (13 goals, 8 assists), proving he is not only an asset during the regular season, but a coveted one in the playoffs as well.
Last season, the Madison-native missed out on the 30-goal plateau for just the second time in his tenure with the Leafs, his first coming in the lockout-shortened season. His -34 stat was the worst of his career and thanks in most part to the Leafs offense drying up half-way through the season, being out-scored severely and poor possession numbers. In fact, he and Bozak were among two of the worst puck-possession players in the entire league.
Spaling, 26, spent most of his career with the Nashville Predators before being traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins in the Patric Hornqvist move. The center put up 27 points in 80 games with the Penguins, including two points in five games in the post-season. Spaling costs $2.2M on the cap for one more year before becoming an unrestricted free agent.
Kapanen was a first round pick for the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2014 at 22nd overall pick. The 19 year old forward is now 6″, 181lbs. He is the son of former Carolina Hurricane Sami Kapanen. He put up five points in seven games for the Wilkes-Barre Scranton Penguins in the AHL playoffs, along with two points in four games in the regular season. Last Word on Sports did a profile on Kapanen that can be found here.
Harrington, 22, was born in Kingston, Ontario and was drafted 54th overall in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. The 6'2″ defenceman was expected to be called up next season by the Pittsburgh Penguins was a former London Knight and played for Team Canada in the World Junior championships.
Photo of speed tape used to patch a crack
Speed tape is an aluminium pressure-sensitive tape used to do minor repairs on aircraft and racing cars. It is used as a temporary repair material until a more permanent repair can be carried out. It has an appearance similar to duct tape, for which it is sometimes mistaken, but its adhesive is capable of sticking on an airplane fuselage or wing at high speeds, hence the name.
Properties [ edit ]
Depending on the adhesive layer used, it can be resistant to water and solvents, flames for brief periods, and will reflect heat and UV light. It is also able to expand and contract through a wide range of temperatures.[1]
Speed tape may be formed of soft aluminium with an adhesive layer,[2] or a laminate of aluminium and cloth.[3]
Use [ edit ]
Speed tape is sometimes used to protect sealant while curing,[4] or to patch non-critical components of an aircraft.[1] It can also be used for patching bullet damage to combat aircraft.[5][6]
Use of speed tape should be authorized by engineering teams and comply with certain requirements. Fines can be levied against airlines that use it to make improper repairs.[7]
See also [ edit ]
BioHarvest Ltd., an Israeli biotechnology company, is moving its research and development start-up operations from Tel Aviv, Israel to Albany, New York , creating 60 new jobs in the Capital Region.The company will collaborate with the University at Albany's Cancer Research Center to produce innovative technologies for human health, including functional health food products and intervention strategies based on the cultured cells of fruits and vegetables, in three phases.Fruitura BioScience Ltd. developed a patented, state-of-the-art process to grow and bio-harvest fruit cell cultures in 3D bioreactors. The unique technology enables the production of safe and clinically researched super-foods rich in phytonutrients in highly bio-available and efficacious forms, which are produced on an industrial scale for the nutrition, wellness, and supplements markets.“Companies in growing fields from around the globe are coming to New York and creating new economic opportunity in all parts of our state,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo said. “This partnership with BioHarvest will create new jobs and continue to establish the Capital Region as a leader in the research and development field.”BioHarvest's technology delivers super-foods with phytonutrients present in all-natural, unblocked and unaltered form, resulting in high bioavailability without extraction by solvents, genetic modification, or synthetic molecular processing. BioHarvest's first large-scale commercial product, red grape cell powder, now referred to as “Vinia,” was given the designation of a novel food by the Israeli regulatory agencies, one of only six functional foods so classified in Israel.Pre-clinical and clinical studies demonstrated that Vinia had beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease, Type II diabetes, and metabolic conditions. “Most of us are aware of the health benefits of the French Paradox phenomenon: reduced incidence of coronary heart disease, anti-inflammatory activity, mitigation of metabolic disorders and anti-aging properties,” explained Yochi Hagay, Ph.D., CEO and Co-Founder, BioHarvest Ltd. “Vinia provides all of those French Paradox benefits for proactive health management.”“Vinia and other preparations produced using this bioreactor technology contain all the bioactive compounds produced in red grape cells, and it is this combination of botanicals that are responsible for the beneficial effects of Vinia,” said Martin Tenniswood, Director, UAlbany Cancer Research Center. “The Cancer Research Center looks forward to our collaboration with BioHarvest to investigate the chemo-preventive properties of Vinia and other botanical preparations.”The BioHarvest and Cancer Research Center partnership will establish a Center for Innovative Functional Foods Research to study the underlying biology of bioactive compounds in red grape cell powder, as well as other functional foods. The Center on the East Campus will house four, five-ton bioreactors and production and sales facilities. Both projects will create about 60 jobs.A $1.2 million Empire State Development award through the Capital Region Economic Development Council will assist BioHarvest in start-up expenditures, supporting the partnership with the University at Albany and the creation of 60 new jobs. The ongoing development of the regional Biotechnology Corridor and the availability of highly qualified trained personnel from the Cancer Research Center's bioinstrumentation degree program, also funded by an ESD award, solidified the commitment by BioHarvest.“I am thrilled that BioHarvest has decided to invest right here in the Capital Region,” said James J. Barba, Co-chair of the Capital Regional Economic Development Council and President and CEO of the Albany Medical Center. “This novel public-private partnership between BioHarvest and the University at Albany will not only lead to the development of innovative technologies and healthy functional foods, but profoundly underscores how Tech Valley is advancing.
Elizabeth McCartha Jones, mother of “Midnight Rider” crew member Sarah Jones who was killed during production of the Gregg Allman biopic, condemned The Hollywood Reporter on Thursday for callously reporting the details of her daughter's autopsy.
“I am totally stunned, I am totally appalled, and I am ashamed of the callous reporter who leaked the autopsy report of our daughter for the world to see,” she wrote in an open letter.
An attorney representing Sarah's parents issued a released a statement on their behalf: “There was no valid, newsworthy reason to reveal the details of Sarah's autopsy,” Jeffrey R. Harris, counsel for Elizabeth and Richard Jones, wrote. “The only reason to do so is out of a sick desire to sensationalize this young woman's terrible death.”
Also Read: ‘Midnight Rider' Trial: Assistant Director Hillary Schwartz Found Guilty of Involuntary Manslaughter
As TheWrap previously reported, Jones, a camera assistant on the feature film “Midnight Rider,” was killed when a train hit her on Feb. 20, 2014 while filming a dream sequence scene on a bridge lying above the Altamaha River. Several crew members were injured during the incident, as well.
The film's director Randall Miller, his wife and the film's producer Jody Salvin and executive producer Jay Sedrish were each charged with criminal trespass and involuntary manslaughter following Jones' death.
Earlier this week Miller changed his plea to guilty and was sentenced to two years in prison and 10 years probation, though his lawyer expects him to serve only one of those years.
Also Read: ‘Midnight Rider' Sentencing Draws Sharp Response From Cinematographers Guild: No Movie ‘Is Worth a Life'
The Hollywood Reporter posted the details of Jones' autopsy after the trial concluded, prompting her mother to pen the strongly worded note.
Read Elizabeth McCartha Jones' full letter immediately below and the attorney's entire note at the bottom:
To The Hollywood Reporter: I am totally stunned, I am totally appalled, and I am ashamed of the callous reporter who leaked the autopsy report of our daughter for the world to see. Although the grace and beauty of Sarah Elizabeth Jones outshines the deprecating words on a page, no one, NO ONE, should be so low as to think this gruesome report is newsworthy. To the reporter, where is your own honor? Is your desire to climb the rungs of a career ladder so important that you infringe upon the privacy and civility of a family whose daughter was tragically hit by a train? Is our pain of losing a daughter not enough that you feel the need to exploit Sarah's dignity? Shame on the tabloid that published the article, that it should be so crude and selfish for readership numbers? Does that not put you in the same category of selfishness as the movie producers who thought it was ok to steal a shot? Look at the lives of those you have harmed by publishing detail by detail, Sarah's autopsy report. Do you not realize the pain and sadness of the Jones family? Do you not have an inkling of decency? Did the thought even occur to you that perhaps Sarah's family did not choose to remember her by the poignant description of her remains? It is my hope for you that you will discover one goes much further and higher with greater respect and honor than sensationalism that is harmful to not only the one you are reporting on, but the surrounding community as well. It is my hope for you that you will find a place in the world of journalism that will not allow such indecency be a motivating facet of readership. It is my hope that the ones who are offended by this report will speak out and let The Hollywood Reporter know their thoughts. Elizabeth McCartha Jones
Sarah's Mother
Also Read: Sarah Jones' Family Reaches Settlement in ‘Midnight Rider' Civil Case
“The careless and callous decision made by The Hollywood Reporter to publish the ‘grisly' details of Sarah Jones' death has caused significant anguish and heartbreak for her family, friends and co-workers. There was no valid, newsworthy reason to reveal the details of Sarah's autopsy. The only reason to do so is out of a sick desire to sensationalize this young woman's terrible death. As news organization that purports to care about the film industry and has presented itself as one that is deeply concerned about what happened to Sarah, about her family and about ensuring safety on film sets in the future, The Hollywood Reporter's choice to run with such information shows both lack of judgment and lack of character. Unnecessary emotional pain has been inflicted on Elizabeth and Richard Jones and trust has been broken.” – Jeffrey R. Harris, Harris Penn Lowry LLP, counsel for Elizabeth and Richard Jones
Pamela Chelin contributed to this report.
The Minnesota Vikings performed an unusual but nonetheless important tribute in the tunnel before their opener against the Tennessee Titans on Sunday.
In case you didn't catch that, they yelled "spoons out for Harambe," then mimed eating.
Harambe is the name of a gorilla shot and killed at the Cincinnati Zoo in May of this year after he dragged a child around his enclosure. The incident sparked outrage all over the internet, and clearly the Vikings players have been affected as well.
Perhaps they were having a bite for a fallen hero who didn't get to have his last meal.
Or, perhaps this was a play on a popular mantra the youths have taken up since the legend passed on earlier this year.
RIP sweet prince. I hope there's Sunday football wherever you are.
Aaron Rodgers is back
How can one describe a video in which a cat wearing a banana-split costume eats a banana?
"Bizarre" doesn't begin to cover it. "Oddly compelling" comes closer. We've yet to put our finger on exactly what our reaction to this video should be, but we can't look away.
YouTube user and smush-faced cat aficionado sweetfurx4 has stunned and befuddled us with her video collection of cats participating in themed eating exercises. There's Cooper, above, a banana-loving 18-month-old Persian whom sweetfur describes as "a sweetheart who openly displays his affection for others with tongue baths and fluffy rubs/brushups." Then there's Mochi, a Persian kitten who dresses as an apple while eating an apple. Last but not least, there's Pancake, a year-old exotic shorthair who celebrated his recent birthday with a meal of ... you guessed it, pancakes. (More specifically, pancakes "topped with corn and tuna," because otherwise it would just be crazy.)
It's a lot to take in.
But we recommend you give it a try, because this video has already brought us nearly as much joy as the video of a Shiba Inu puppy barking and howling in its sleep -- and that's saying a lot.
If you share our odd fascination with these cats, we have good news for you: They are also the subject of a blog full of videos and photos of their exploits (and no, not all of them involve food).
RELATED VIDEOS FOR CAT LOVERS:
Your morning adorable: Orange tabby kitten does his best 'Surprised Kitty' impression
Your morning adorable: Kitten hasn't quite gotten the hang of playing
-- Lindsay Barnett
Video: sweetfurx4 via YouTube
In early October, DraftKings and FanDuel banned their employees from playing daily fantasy on competitors's sites. These new policies came in the midst of a torrent of negative publicity, after DraftKings employee Ethan Haskell accidentally leaked company lineup data on the same weekend that he won $350,000 on FanDuel. DraftKings maintains Haskell didn't abuse any internal information, but the incident raised uncomfortable questions about which employees had access to proprietary information, and what they were doing with it.
As part of the lawsuit FanDuel and DraftKings filed against New York seeking to be allowed to continue operating in the state, FanDuel's information and playing policy was entered into evidence, and it is a doozy. FanDuel employees were required to read and sign the policy, which dates from before they were banned from playing on other sites.
The beginning of the policy covers its goals:
Goals: These outline what we're hoping to accomplish by asking you (and other employees) to agree to this policy. Limit ability of employees to exploit “inside information” such as the picks of top users, or the win rates of potential opponents.
Reassure any concerned site users that employees aren't exploiting inside info.
Reduce chance of users questioning ability of employees to exploit inside info against them when they play on other sites.
Advertisement
You'll notice that the goal of the policy isn't to prevent or disallow employees from exploiting inside information, but simply to “limit” them. The company is clearly more concerned with preventing the perception of unscrupulous behavior rather than actually preventing unscrupulous behavior. That's as good of a summary of the full three-page document as any.
Here are the full guidelines on the treatment of confidential information:
Internal Controls & Guidelines: These are rules about how you will treat confidential information. Only discuss our users' success and lineups where necessary. The less awareness of this information internally, the fewer chances for exploitation.
There is an expectation that employees will only look up info such as user lineups or user win rates where needed to do job.
Advertisement
Roughly: We know you have access to inside information, but try not to talk about it too loudly. And we trust that you won't use it for evil.
But the best, most shamelessly self-serving part, is the rules for playing on other websites:
Rules for Employee Play on Other Sites: Never be among the top five players by volume on any one site (based on site leaderboards). Never be among the top ten overall on the RotoGrinders leaderboard. Top players frequently become targets for accusations by other users.
Never account for more than 2% of entries in any tournament of more than 1,000 entries. Never account for more than 5% of entries in any tournament of more than 100 entries. Players who swamp big tournaments with entries frequently become targets of accusations.
Don't be the 2nd person into a head to head contest against the same opponent in more than one contest per day. This rule will greatly limit the ability to exploit information about user performance, and will also limit the likelihood of complaints from users.
Never use information gained from viewing users' lineups.
Seek to avoid playing anyone whose lineups you saw for that time period.
You must provide FanDuel with a list of your usernames on all sites where you play for real money. We may or may not choose to reveal your employment status and identity to those sites or on other industry sites.
Advertisement
This is insane! The first three bullet points literally tell employees not to win too much money on other sites, because it will arouse suspicion. There is nothing preventing employees from using lineup information they saw—indeed, that's basically impossible once it enters their consciousness—they're just told not to do it. They don't even have to avoid playing against people whose lineups they saw, they just have to try.
We've reached out to FanDuel for comment on these underwhelming policies. You can read them below.
Illustration by Jim Cooke
Advertisement
Woodcliff Lake, N.J. – Both the new BMW M6 GTLM and the BMW M6 GT3 proved their promising potential in the very first round of the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship: At the classic 24 Hours of Daytona (US), the number 25 BMW M6 GTLM crossed the line in fifth in the GTLM category. Bill Auberlen (US), Dirk Werner (DE), Augusto Farfus (BR) and Bruno Spengler (CA) had alternated at the wheel over the course of their 721 race laps.
In the GTD class, the number 97 Turner Motorsport BMW M6 GT3, driven by Michael Marsal (US), Markus Palttala (FI), Maxime Martin, (BE) and Jesse Krohn (FI), finished the debut race of BMW Motorsport's new GT3 challenger in sixth. The No. 96 sister car had dropped back early in the race due to technical problems, ultimately finishing 17th in the GTD category.
The 7:13 a.m. sunrise over the Daytona International Speedway showed only one BMW M6 GTLM remaining in the Daytona 24 Hours. About four hours earlier, on lap 360, the number 100 BMW M6 GTLM, with Lucas Luhr (DE) behind the wheel, suffered a crash in turn one due to a brake problem. Luhr was unhurt, but the damage forced the team to retire the car from the race. Luhr had shared driving duties with John Edwards (US), Graham Rahal (US) and Kuno Wittmer (CA).
Jens Marquardt (BMW Motorsport Director): “After all these months of intensive development work, countless kilometres of testing and all the passion brought in by everyone at BMW Motorsport and in our teams to get our new GT race cars ready, our goal was to finish the race in Daytona – and, if possible, bringing home some good results. Overall I'm happy with the race debuts of the BMW M6 GTLM and the BMW M6 GT3. We knew that the 24 Hours of Daytona would be a tough test right at the beginning of the season. And this is exactly what we experienced this weekend. Walking away from Daytona with P5 in the GTLM class and P6 in the GTD category is a good result and a nice reward for the whole squad.
The start into our anniversary season on the occasion of the 100th birthday of BMW definitely was a positive one. With car number 100 we had to endure quite a scary moment. Fortunately Lucas Luhr escaped from this accident without a scratch. For the fans it was an extremely exciting and entertaining race. Many different cars fought for the lead, several manufacturers performed on a similar level. The IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship promises to be a real thriller in 2016. We saw that the basis of our all-new car is very promising. And I'm confident that we will score some really good results over the course of the season.”
Bobby Rahal (Team Principal, BMW Team RLL): “You never know how you truly add up until you get to the first race. The 100 car was having a really good race, so it was a shame that we had a problem that you don't see very often. Unfortunately it took us out of the race. I think the performance of the M6 was quite good and the guys were doing a great job. The same goes for the 25. It is a new car and I think just finishing the race was kind of a victory in its own right. It is disappointing naturally not to have won, but that was asking a lot of this car on its maiden voyage. The Corvette is a well proven car, the Porsche is the same thing and I think we saw that today. Given that the M6 is a brand-new car, with brand-new systems - everything - the fact that the 25 car made all 24 hours without a lot of problems says a lot.”
Bill Auberlen (Number 25 BMW M6 GTLM, 5th place): “The No. 25 M6 ran almost perfectly for 24 hours. We missed a few kilometers per hour on straight line speed to our competitors, but that will be addressed. After a day like today we can certainly hold our heads high.”
Dirk Werner (Number 25 BMW M6 GTLM, 5th place): “In general I think everybody can be quite happy with our car. We had little problems here and there, but not necessarily with the car. The race was tough and sometimes we had to land back on our feet after struggling a little bit. But now it is the end of the race and all the engineers and mechanics kept the car in good shape and we are good enough to fight for a podium. For the first race for the M6 I think we can be quite happy because we had no major problems. I think all the testing paid off and I am quite happy. Obviously this is a completely different track to the other ten ones we race on in this series, so since the M6 is a new car we have to go to each race and start with a clean sheet of paper, get our set up right and maybe the drivers will have to adapt a little bit to the car on different tracks. But we have a good group of people and I am confident everyone is pushing.”
Augusto Farfus (Number 25 BMW M6 GTLM, 5th place): “I was very excited coming to this race as I had seen at the Roar what the new M6 could do. I felt it would be a fantastic race car for Daytona and that proved to be the case. I was also very happy to be the driver to bring the car across the finish line. To finish a 24 hour race in a brand-new car with no major technical problems is a great achievement in itself. Okay we may lack top speed and this we need to pass other cars, but I know BMW will work on that as this is just the start of the project. I had some very intense stints and the one early in the morning was like a double qualifying when I was trying to hang in there with the Porsches and Corvettes.”
Bruno Spengler (Number 25 BMW M6 GTLM, 5th place): “For the first 24 hours for the M6 it is a good experience and it is important to cover some kilometers and stay on track. Knock on wood we haven't had big technical defects so far, so we will see. Unfortunately we miss a little bit of performance compared to the opposition . But it is a young car and there are still things to learn and things to do on it. It is a good start for the car, but as I said before, the opponents were a little bit quicker during the whole race, and was difficult to expect more than a top three or four finish. The positive is that we didn't have any large technical issues and the car was running well. That is positive for the future and we have to keep on working and try to make the car even faster.”
Maxime Martin (Number 97 BMW M6 GT3, 6th place): “We had quite a good race. There were no big issues or even little mistakes. Unfortunately, we did not have the top speed of our competitors. The M6 GT3 definitely has potential. To finish 6th in its very first race - a 24 hour race - is excellent. In time I know the M6 GT3 will be able to show all of that potential.”
Jesse Krohn (Number 97 BMW M6 GT3, 6th place): “Racing in Daytona has always been one of my dreams. It is one of the biggest races in the world and I have grown up watching these races. I have always wanted to be here and now I have had the opportunity to come. The M6 GT3 is quite good. It has a lot of potential. It is the first outing for the car in race conditions, so it has been impressive the way we have been able to run with it. I am happy with the whole Turner Motorsport team and the way they worked, how everything is organized and it is a real pleasure to work with them.”
Lucas Luhr (Number 100 BMW M6 GTLM, DNF): “There was some kind of explosion at the front right that made the bonnet go up, so I couldn't see where I was going. I believe it was a brake problem. I had two or three good hits. It's a shame because we were running well and we were right there in the hunt. It is also a shame for all the guys with a new car that had such a good performance for the first time running and they don't get rewarded.”
The IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship is set to continue on 19th March 2016 with another classic race, the 12 Hours of Sebring (US).
BMW Group In America
Media Corruption: #FakeNews Outlets Spent Total of 10 Seconds on Historic 23K Dow Record
Trust in mass media hit an all-time low in August according to Gallup News.
Only 32% of Americans today trust the far left Trump-bashing mainstream media.
They lie.
In the latest example of media bias the stock market hit a new record on Wednesday and ended the day above the 23,000 mark.
President Trump is Enjoying the Greatest Stock Market Rally Ever – And It Keeps Getting Better! The DOW Is Now Up More Than 4,500 Since Election and 25% !
And yet on Wednesday night ABC, NBC, CBS spent a grand total of 10 seconds on the new Dow high.
Trish Regan and Liz Peek reported this on Thursday.
Trump tweeted this out on Wednesday.
It's the only way he can get his message out.
And some Republicans want him to get off Twitter?
“ Since debuting Vault 76 last year, in honor of America's tercentenary, Vault-Tec continues to expand with plans for well over 100 Vaults around the country. ” Newscaster
Vault 76 is a Vault-Tec vault located in the Forest region of Appalachia in 2102.
Contents show]
Background Edit
Construction of Vault 76 began in 2065 and ended in 2069, under the supervision of Vault-Tec official Giles Wolstencroft.[1] Vault 76 then debuted seven years later in 2076, in honor of the United States' tercentenary.
Not all vaults were designed with experimental purposes. Vault 76 is one of seventeen known control vaults, meaning that it was used as a baseline to compare to experimental vaults. Vault 76 housed 500 occupants and was originally programmed to open to the wasteland outside 20 years after a nuclear war.[2] Despite being a control vault, however, Vault 76 had a number of distinguishing characteristics. The occupants were a diverse group selected from every walk of life, and apart from the vault staff, all were highly accomplished before the war and possessed competitive personalities. The vault itself was also designed to cease functioning and be rendered inhospitable 24 hours after opening, a feature intended to force the residents to commit to reclaiming the outside world and prevent them from becoming dependent on the vault's amenities. Lastly, the vault's overseer was under secret orders to personally secure three nearby nuclear missile silos for Vault-Tec at all costs.
Vault 76 eventually opened in October 23, 2102, twenty-five years after the Great War and five years after the intended date, in a much-celebrated event known as the "Reclamation Day." By the time of opening, the vault was implied to be nearing maximum capacity.
Layout Edit
A large atrium complete with tables, a diner and a soccer pitch in the middle. The upstairs levels of the atrium contain accommodation for the residents, complete with beds, color TVs and a wall-mounted Pip-Boy 2000 Mark VI for the player character to acquire as they leave. Several Mister Handies are positioned throughout the vault on the route to the exit and man stations at which the player character can acquire their C.A.M.P. and a few other basic necessities as they prepare to leave. The overseer's office is accessible via going slightly off route while following the trail of equipment stations.
To ensure that all dwellers leave the vault, the vault's main systems, including life support, were to be shut down shortly after Reclamation Day. Unlike other vaults which have a security checkpoint, blast door and elevator to head deeper into the vault, Vault 76 has its blast door level with many of the vault's more critical rooms.
Specifications Edit
Official Vault-Tec Info (from Computer at the Citadel)[3] Vault number 76 Started Construction February 2065 Ended Construction October 2069 Occupants 500 Duration 240 months Computer System Brainpower 4 Primary Power Supply LightLife Geo-Thermal Secondary Power Supply General Atomics Nuclear Power Non-Standard Equipment none
Occupants Edit
Resident - the player character.
Mister Handies Edit
Mentioned Edit
Notable loot Edit
The following loot cannot be obtained normally after leaving:
Nuka Tapper - inserted into the terminal in the player character's domicile
Notes Edit
There is a note that cannot be taken sitting on one of the tables in the diner on the upper level of the atrium, called the Love note.
Appearances Edit
Vault 76 appears in Fallout 76. It is mentioned in a terminal entry found in the Citadel in Fallout 3, an alien log in the Mothership Zeta add-on, and by a newscaster at the start of Fallout 4.
Behind the scenes Edit
When reaching the first checkpoint, the "celebration" music from Fallout Shelter plays.
Gallery Edit
The fallout from Bernie Sanders' disaster of an interview with The New York Daily News is just starting to hit, and on Wednesday morning, Hillary Clinton got her first crack at it. All things considered, she took it pretty easy on him:
I'm sure Hillary's surrogates won't be as kind.
Later in the interview, Hilary made it clear where she sees her advantage in this, taking the initiative to go after Sanders, unprompted, over his support for gun manufacturer's immunity:
This issue has dogged Sanders for a long time, and he's been trying to inch his way out of it. In that NYDN interview, Sanders was asked if he thinks that victims of crimes should be able to sue gun manufacturers, and he replied “No, I don't.” Later in the interview, though, he was asked if the Sandy Hook lawsuit is “baseless,” and he said “It's not baseless. I wouldn't use that word,” but added that “it's a backdoor way” of achieving the goal of a legislative assault weapons ban.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Update: As you can see from the video above, Hillary Clinton very pointedly refused to call Bernie Sanders "not qualified" to be president, even when Joe Scarborough pleaded with her three times to do it. Well, tonight, Bernie Sanders said she did call him "quote unquote not qualified to be president," and followed up by claiming he knows she isn't, but what is he:
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
I'm guessing Bernie didn't see the interview, and Jeff Weaver put this lie in his ear. Here's hoping he corrects it.
Also, here's CNN misreporting that Bernie was responding to Hillary saying Bernie is unqualified when she actually refused to say that three times:
Sitting next to Paddington Station, a vast box has been dug down into the ground to create an impressive interchange for future Elizabeth line commuters.
Despite its size though, unless you use certain parts of Paddington station, it is quite possible that a regular commuter would be totally unaware of the new station being dug next door.
For the new station is just outside the mainline building, taking over a fortuitously located road that runs the entire length of Paddington station. This was once the taxi rank, but they were moved elsewhere a couple of years ago, and Crossrail took over the whole road and started digging.
The new station is a 260m long, 25m wide and 23m deep underground box, and as large as the site is, they only had the width for a couple of years, as the space had to be handed back to the road users.
The method chosen then was to surround the box with walls that were dug down first and the site secured, then laying the street level slab first, they dug down underneath that to reveal the lower floor. Add the concrete floor, then dig down again until they were just above the platform level.
Ideally, the station box would have been dug down to platform level, and when the tunnel boring machines arrive, they can be serviced inside the empty station. Unfortunately, in this situation, the TBMs passed through the station before they could get down that far.
This resulted in a situation where there was a station above the concrete tunnels, and those tunnels had to be removed — which necessitated some careful breaking away of the tunnel to stop it collapsing.
However, all that removed, the rest of the platform level was excavated, and at the moment, is a huge empty box slowly being filled with the necessary clutter to turn it into a functioning station.
One of the advantages of a box-design is that it is possible to create huge spaces where tunnels would normally exist. While Crossrail platforms in the other stations will be huge by London Underground standards, here at Paddington, the platform will be two stories in height.
In addition, the centre of the box is being left open right up to the surface level so that natural daylight can filter down, and the lighting wells will adapt their luminosity to match that provided by the great light bulb in the sky above.
Although considered to be a concrete box, it is almost as much steel as concrete thanks to the huge amount of reinforcing needed within the concrete walls. The two end walls are also being further reinforced at the moment as they were left deliberately slightly weaker at the bottom, so that the tunnel machines could chew through the walls when they arrived.
The tunnels for the trains are not the only tunnels though, there is a third — that runs down and under the new station – connecting it directly to the Bakerloo line. This was supposed to be one floor up, but it turned out there were too many utilities under Paddington station, so they went even deeper down for the tunnel link.
That tunnel sits in the middle of the new platforms and is currently fenced off.
Although most of the focus is on the underground aspect of the station, it has two large surface protrusions, as it serves a due function, for the access of humans, and also of air.
Two large ventilation shafts have been constructed to drive air into the tunnels. Although ventilation and access shafts exist along the length of the tunnels, Paddington station offered an opportunity to incorporate two much larger vents.
When completed, the result should be a largely subterranean structure, with a large glass roof situated next to the platforms bringing passengers from the West of England to the city.
A few more photos:
It was the biggest race of his career, and Chris Mosier was worried about getting beaten up.
Mosier, a 36-year-old transgender athlete, was competing in the national championship of the men's long-course duathlon. If he finished in the top 18 of his age group, he would qualify for the world championship match, held in 2017. But when he arrived in Cary, North Carolina, last May, the state had just passed House Bill 2, an anti-LGBT law that prohibited trans people from using the restroom that corresponds with their gender identity.
Advertisement:
Mosier, who came out in 2010, was so concerned about being attacked that he didn't wear his Team USA bib because he “didn't want to draw attention” to himself.
“I felt very much like I had a target on me simply for showing up for a race that I trained very hard for and that meant a lot to me,” Mosier said. “How ridiculous is it that I can compete on behalf of my country internationally at the highest level of my sport and yet I am not safe participating in events in North Carolina because of my gender identity?”
That law will effectively remain in place after legislators struck a deal that retained its most discriminatory provisions. Republican legislators pushed a “compromise” bill known as HB 142, which prohibits cities from passing trans-inclusive protections until 2020, to meet a looming deadline from the NCAA. If the General Assembly didn't repeal HB 2 by March 30, North Carolina would forfeit hosting March Madness games for the next five years.
The state passed HB 142 just hours before the deadline, and the NCAA announced that the Tar Heel State would be eligible as a championship site once more.
The decision from the NCAA, which declined requests for further comment, has made what was already a bad situation in North Carolina even worse. LGBT advocates told Salon that by caving on anti-LGBT bigotry, the NCAA has emboldened Republican legislators hoping to pass bathroom bills identical to HB 2 in their state. But as critics argue, this move shouldn't be a surprise from a sporting association they say has allowed discrimination in its ranks for years without taking action to stop it.
Getting fired for being LGBT
Advertisement:
When Lisa Howe and her partner got pregnant, the women's soccer coach asked the administration at Belmont University if she could tell the members of her team she was expecting. Howe would start showing soon anyway. She claims that athletics staff initially failed to respond to her request, but then after a few weeks, they told Howe that she had a decision to make: step down or get fired. She left the team in 2010.
That alleged action was legal under the school's bylaws and state law. Tennessee is one of 28 states where you can be let go from your job for being LGBT.
Although Belmont has since updated its policies to prevent discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, there have been claims of similar incidents at Drake University and University of Minnesota-Duluth. In 2015, three coaches sued Minnesota-Duluth alleging what OutSports editor Cyd Zeigler claimed in a phone interview was the “systematic firing and demotions of lesbians” on campus.
Shane Windmeyer, the CEO of Campus Pride, added that there are around “30 campuses that discriminate openly against LGBTQ students through Title IX exemptions.” Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, sex and national origin in schools, which was later expanded to include LGBT students. Colleges exempt from these guidelines include Brigham Young University and Liberty University, which have policies forbidding homosexuality in their honor codes.
Advertisement:
Windmeyer said that for six years, Campus Pride, a LGBT nonprofit based in Charlotte, has been advocating that the NCAA take action to stop discrimination at its universities. It has not done so. He believes that says a lot about the NCAA's decision on HB 2.
“Why would we expect the NCAA to hold North Carolina to a higher standard when it came to LGBTQ inclusion?” Windmeyer argued.
Condoning bad behavior
Advertisement:
If the NCAA has failed to take action against discrimination in its member institutions, why did it bother getting involved in the fight over HB 2?
“It was a gun to their head,” Ziegler said. “The NBA announced it was pulling out of North Carolina. So many other places and so many other businesses had already pulled out. The NBA was the one who made the big first move in the sports world, and the NCAA was just following what they were doing.”
Following the passage of HB 2, the NBA announced that it would be moving the All-Star Game from Charlotte, where it was scheduled to take place in February. That decision cost North Carolina an estimated $100 million in potential revenue, and those losses only increased as other sporting leagues followed suit. Last September, the ACC said that it would also be pulling all championship games from North Carolina until the bill's repeal.
Advertisement:
LGBT advocates argued that despite claims that HB 2 has been repealed, almost nothing will change in North Carolina.
HB 142, the new legislation, stipulates that only the state can regulate bathroom access in private facilities; given that the Republican lawmakers behind the bill are the same ones who passed HB 2, those policies will likely continue to discriminate against trans people. Although HB 142 allows an exemption for colleges, Mosier said that trans people — students or otherwise — still have to use the bathroom off-campus. When he visited North Carolina, he was so scared to get out of his car he pumped his gas across state lines.
“It's not only that the NCAA is condoning this behavior,” Mosier said. “They're rewarding discriminatory conduct in North Carolina. That sends a message to transgender people across the country that they are not safe as more states start to pass comparable legislation without the fear of consequences.”
The ‘cash cow' in the room
Advertisement:
The NCAA's decision gave Republican lawmakers attempting to push through anti-LGBT legislation in Texas hope that their state would not face the same backlash as North Carolina. The Associated Press estimated that the Tar Heel State would lose $3.76 billion over the next 12 years if HB 2 weren't struck down. Dan Patrick has claimed that the statement from the NCAA shows that SB 6, a bathroom bill known as the Texas Privacy Act, is “not in conflict” with the league's policies on anti-discrimination.
Wade Davis, a former pro athlete and a consultant for the NFL, said that it would have been better for the NCAA “to stay out of it.”
“No one on the board of directors said, ‘Hey, let's actually talk to the people who are impacted by these laws and see how they feel about the so-called repeal of HB 2,'" Davis said. “There was no actual due diligence because if there were, they would have found out that not one trans person would actually be in favor of the bill.”
Davis claimed that it likely came down to a financial decision for the NCAA. North Carolina, he claimed, is a “cash cow” for the league. The men's basketball team from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill has won two straight championships titles — and has claimed eight in total since 2005. Rival college Duke University, which is located in Durham, boasts five titles since 2000.
Advertisement:
“From a business standpoint, it doesn't make sense to keep basketball out of North Carolina,” Davis said.
A double standard on intolerance
Mosier said that what is surprising, however, about the NCAA's decision to allow March Madness games to be held in North Carolina once more is that the sporting association “avoids locations that are associated with symbols of intolerance and discrimination.”
“The NCAA doesn't permit any predetermined events in states that fly the confederate flag,” Mosier explained. “They don't allow any championship events to be held at schools with mascots that are hostile, offensive, or abusive to Native Americans. HB 142 is now more than just a symbol of intolerance. It's an impediment to the inclusion, equality and well-being of LGBT people.”
Advertisement:
LGBT advocates plan to fight the NCAA decision by continuing to advocate for equality and inclusion in all of its policies. In a letter addressed to the league, 166 athletes urged the NCAA to continue boycotting discrimination in North Carolina.
Ziegler isn't optimistic though, given the NCAA's spotty track record on LGBT issues. “They're not changing their minds on this,” he said. “That ship has sailed.”
Frontier has announced that the second leg of the ‘Premium Beta' phase for Elite: Dangerous will launch today. After a successful initial run, the Premium Beta moves into it's second outing with a number of technical improvements as well as brand-new assets for players.
“You should notice a significant improvement in many different areas, including the first results of optimizations that should improve frame-rate significantly for those that are not already getting 60 fps [sic].” Reads the official communication on today's launch of the Elite: Dangerous Premium Beta 2. “Three specific major changes to highlight are: Three new star systems have been added, above those in Premium Beta 1. Those are Aulin, LHS 3006 and Styx.”
Elite: Dangerous is currently in development at Frontier and expected to be commercially available later this year. Fans of the Elite videogame franchise can jump in immediately however, with the Elite: Dangerous Premium Beta package, available to purchase now from the videogame's official website, https://store.zaonce.net/?_ga=1.22258045.772371495.1403527257, priced at £100 GBP.
Elite: Dangerous will launch with Oculus Rift compatibility as standard. VRFocus recently got hands-on with Elite: Dangerous as well as interviewing Frontier's David Braben, credited as Designer on the title, and will bring you further details very soon.
Gary Cameron/Reuters
Observers of the right often classify the Tea Party as an essentially libertarian strain of conservatism. Former Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty, for example, recently described Tea Partiers to me as part of the GOP's anti-establishment "libertarian wing"; Kentucky Senator Rand Paul, who calls himself a libertarian Republican, has written two books claiming the Tea Party mantle.
A new report, however, finds the link between libertarians and the Tea Party is weak at best. In fact, according to an in-depth survey by the Public Religion Research Institute released Tuesday, most libertarians don't identify as Tea Party adherents, and less than half consider themselves Republicans. Among Republicans, meanwhile, those who are libertarians tend to have views and priorities distinct from many of their fellow GOPers.
These distinctions are likely to come to the fore when the Republican Party sets about choosing its 2016 standard-bearer. Libertarians, the report finds, want Paul as their nominee; Tea Partiers want Texas Senator Ted Cruz; and white evangelical Protestants narrowly prefer Representative Paul Ryan. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie may have an opening as a sort of Goldilocks candidate: Among Republicans overall, he's tied for first with Ryan, even though he's not favored by any major subgroup. The 2016 Republican primaries could play out as a proxy struggle of the sometimes warring philosophical strains of the GOP as their preferred candidates vie for supremacy.
The new survey sought voters' views on a number of issues, from the use of military force to taxes to marijuana, and graded their responses on an ideological scale from “libertarian” to “communalist.” It found that just 7 percent of Americans hold consistently libertarian views, with another 15 percent who lean libertarian. Another 24 percent were consistently or somewhat communitarian, while the majority of Americans—54 percent—had a mixed ideological profile. (As the authors note, numerous other studies over the past several decades have found it to be the case that “most Americans hold some combination of liberal and conservative attitudes, particularly across different kinds of issues.”)
Libertarians, the survey found, are overwhelmingly white (94 percent), predominantly male (68 percent), and mostly young (62 percent were under 50). While they were quite unlikely to call themselves Democrats (5 percent) or liberals (3 percent), they weren't all conservative Republicans: 57 percent called themselves conservatives, and fewer than half, 45 percent, affiliated themselves with the GOP. Just 39 percent of libertarians self-identified as members of the Tea Party movement. This handy graphic summarizes the overlap:
Defensive tackle Ryan Lucas has announced his retirement.
Lucas spent the last three seasons of his seven-year career with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Since 2007, he has played in 17 games with Saskatchewan, Montreal and Winnipeg.
“Obviously having the injuries in consecutive seasons played in a role in my decision,” said Lucas in a team release. “I really, honestly, cherished my time as a Bomber, and love the organization. It's a place I wanted my career to end when that time did come. It's time to move on, and enjoy life after football.”
“Ryan Lucas is one of those people you just want to see succeed,” said General Manager Kyle Walters in the release. “Unfortunately, having the injuries kind of pile up on him there made it difficult to move forward, but carving out a seven year CFL career is an accomplishment in its own. As an organization, we wish Ryan all the best in the next phase of his life.”
Vladimir Putin and Japanese PM Shinzo Abe have worked out a statement on the prospects of joint Russian-Japanese economic activities in the South Kuril Islands as the Russian leader arrived in Japan for what's seen as a breakthrough visit.
Read more
The two leaders dedicated 40 minutes from their three-hour talks in Abe's ancestral hometown of Nagato, a mountainside resort in southwest Japan, on Thursday. The time was spent to develop an agreement on joint activities on the Kuril Islands “that would be suitable to both parties,” Yury Ushakov, the Kremlin aide, told reporters.
Putin and Abe had to discuss the issue one-on-one after Russian and Japanese experts failed to agree on the wording of the statement, he added.
According to Ushakov, the statement on joint Russian-Japanese economic activities in the South Kuril Islands, which may concern fisheries, tourism, culture and medicine, will be published tomorrow.
Abe told reporters the leaders “thoroughly and frankly discussed the issues of free access to their homeland by former residents of the islands, joint economic activities between the two countries with a special economic zone on the islands, as well as the issue of a peace treaty."
Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov later stressed that the Japanese side had no objections to working in the framework of Russian law in the Kurils.
“The issue of sovereignty [of the South Kuril Islands] wasn't raised in any way. It's not up for discussion here,” Peskov said.
Tokyo's claims on Russia's Southern Kuril Islands of Kunashir, Shikotan, Habomai and Iturup, which Japan calls "the Northern Territories," is one of the reasons for frosty relations between Russia and Japan. The two countries still haven't signed a peace treaty after World War II because of the lingering territorial dispute.
Putin and Abe also agreed to restore military cooperation between the two countries as well as ties in the spheres “frozen” in recent years, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Thursday.
It was agreed to resume “2+2” ministerial talks, which would involve meetings between foreign ministers and defense ministers of both nations, he explained.
According to Lavrov, the Japanese side has become more aware of Russia's worries over US global missile defense system and its increased presence in the Asia-Pacific region, which Moscow views as “inadequate to the threat posed by North Korea's nuclear and missile programs.”
READ MORE: Territorial claims come from Tokyo, not Moscow, Putin tells Japanese reporters
“We have an impression that our Japanese colleagues now understand better Russia's concerns in this matter,” Lavrov said, adding that Russia and Japan had confirmed mutual interest in cooperation on security issues, despite what he called “special relations” between Tokyo and Washington.
#Nagato: Vladimir Putin has met with Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe https://t.co/8gr4kfE66xpic.twitter.com/jtzNLPPNhi — President of Russia (@KremlinRussia_E) December 15, 2016
“Naturally, they [Putin and Abe] exchanged views on the Syrian settlement and situation in Ukraine….. Here our positions almost coincide," he added.
Putin offered Fugu fish , invited to Nagato hot springs
The first day of Putin's visit concluded with a traditional "Kaiseku" meal, which reportedly included Fugu, a Japanese delicacy prepared from the poisonous puffer fish that requires the chef to have a special license for cooking.
To celebrate Putin's visit to the Island – his last trip was 11 years ago - local schools in reportedly served borsch and pirogi, which are common in Russian cuisine.
After the dinner, the two leaders were expected to visit a hot spring resort in Nagato. Abe invited Putin to take a dip in the onsen, a traditional steaming bath.
"When you take a bath in the springs, all the fatigue just goes away," he told the Russian leader. In response Putin said: “As interesting as that sounds, it's better not to get too tired."
The day was concluded with stargazing at a local observatory.
READ MORE: Putin's ‘no-nonsense' dog causes commotion at interview with Japanese media (VIDEO)
The two also exchanged memorable gifts, with Putin presenting Abe with a vintage "samovar," a traditional Russian coal-fueled tea maker, produced in Tula in 1870. Another present was a painting by contemporary Russian artist Igor Razzhivin, entitled "A Russian Troika in Kolomenskoye Village."
Abe responded with a very symbolic gift, which was a high-tech replica of the painting called "The Arrival of Putyatin." Russian Admiral Yevfimy Putyatin and Japanese official Toshikara Kawazi signed the Japanese-Russian treaty of friendship and established diplomatic relations back in 1855.
The second day of Putin's visit will see the Russian leader travelling to Tokyo for the continuation of talks on Friday. The negotiations are expected to end with agreements on closer economic and cultural cooperation, while there is little expectation of a breakthrough on the territorial dispute over the Kuril Islands.
Image copyright Google Image caption Two of the arrested men work at Golden Hillock School, Sparkhill
Teaching staff from two Birmingham schools have been arrested on suspicion of possessing extreme pornography.
The men, aged 36, 37 and 31, were arrested on Thursday at addresses in Birmingham and Wolverhampton.
One suspect is employed at Park View School, Alum Rock, and the other two men work at Golden Hillock School, Sparkhill, police said. All three are teachers or teaching staff.
The men have since been released on bail until early April.
West Midlands Police said both schools had been informed of the arrests.
Image copyright Google Image caption One employee from Park View School has been arrested, police said
The force said the men were arrested as a result of an investigation that began in April.
They were questioned by officers from the force's Public Protection Unit.
The Department for Education has been informed.
Park View Educational Trust issued a statement saying it was "concerned" about the arrests and wanted to reassure parents it was working with police.
"While the nature of the pornography is described as extreme there is absolutely no suggestion from the police that it involved minors," it said.
GameStop CEO Paul Raines (left)
GameStop CEO Paul Raines underwent unexpected surgery last week to have a small, cancerous tumor removed from his brain. The retailer announced the news today in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. According to GameStop, the surgery, which involved doctors removing the tumor from an "easily accessible" part of his brain, was successful. Raines, 50, is expected to make a full recovery.
"Because it was found very early, his doctors have advised him that his prognosis for a full and complete recovery is very good," GameStop said in a statement (via GamesIndustry International). "The next step is for Paul to undergo preventive chemotherapy. Recovery from this process is expected to take about six weeks. This regimen will restrict his travel during that period, but will not interfere with his continued leadership of the company."
GameStop executive chairman Daniel DeMatteo said, "Speaking for the Board, we have every confidence in Paul's continued leadership and wish him a speedy recovery. While he recovers, our highly-tenured executive team will ensure that our business continues without interruption."
"We thank you for your support during this time."
GameStop will report earnings for the latest quarter this Thursday, August 21. Based on this information, we don't expect Raines will attend the event. Just this week, GameStop introduced a new program that aims to simplify the trade-in process.
News about Raines' health has not spooked investors, as GameStop shares have remained largely flat today.
Good news for GIF-lovers! As of today, you can send and download GIFs up to 20x faster. This is possible because we're now re-encoding all GIFs to mpeg4 videos that require up to 95% less disk space for the same image quality.
We've optimized our apps so that they can smoothly play even dozens of GIFs on the screen at the same time. GIFs will now play automatically, so there's no need to launch each one manually anymore. (You can turn this off in Settings when you need a break.)
Sending GIFs
To make sending your favorite animations easier, we've added a dedicated GIF tab to the sticker panel. Tap on GIFs in chats (long tap on iOS) and ‘Save' to add them to the panel. Then send them to any chat in one tap.
iOS users can now also send GIFs from the Gallery using the fully redesigned attachment menu.
GIF Bot
Last but not least, our new Inline Bots feature offers another innovative way of finding and sharing GIFs. These bots deserve a separate blog post.
The Telegram Team,
January 4, 2016
Last winter, the Freedom From Religion Foundation sent a letter to the Jefferson County Board in Illinois after they were notified of two Nativity scene displays at the local courthouse. It took a while, but Sheriff Travis Allen responded this week with a letter that screams “Look at me! I'm a big boy! I'm going to coming after you!”
I have said it once and I will say it again. The nativity scenes were part of a traditional Christmas display. I am not sure how you could have a Christmas display without a nativity scene, because I think we both know Christmas is a FEDERAL holiday that celebrates the birth [of] Jesus Christ. This is in no way Jefferson County trying to impose a religion on anyone. Everyone in this County is free to believe whatever they want. This is just us celebrating a FEDERAL holiday! In your letter you stated that you had 700 members in Illinois. I would like to know how many reside in Jefferson County. I am not sure I would be bragging about 700 members in a state that has almost 13 million residents. We have almost 10 times as many people on our Jefferson County Sheriff's Office Facebook Page. I am sure you sent this letter to the County Board because you thought you could bully them into complying with your demands. The thing is in Jefferson County we don't really like bullies and we are not very good at bowing down to organizations. I actually only bow to one man, but you don't believe in him anyway.
Isn't that adorable. Someone pat him on the head and burp him.
Where do you even start with this?
Of course you can have a legal Christmas display without a nativity. Santa, reindeer, candy canes, elves, etc.
Just because Christians are in the majority doesn't mean the government gets to impose that religion on everyone else. The real question is whether an atheist, Satanist, or non-Christian display would be permitted outside the courthouse. Is this an open forum or a substitute church? As far as I know, nobody has tested this by submitting such a request. Both Nativity scenes were put up only because Allen wanted them there, not because a citizen requested them.
The Facebook page numbers are also irrelevant. Even if FFRF had just one member in Jefferson County, that's enough. Asking for the government to remain neutral on matters of religion only takes a single person.
Sheriff Big Boy Travis isn't being bullied. He's pretending to be persecuted.
All he has to do is tell FFRF that non-Christian displays are welcome outside the courthouse. If that's the case, then this whole controversy is over. (At least until this coming December, when I'm sure someone will ask for an atheist banner to go up.)
Instead, Travis took the low road, proving to the world that Jefferson County's law enforcement is led by someone with the maturity level of a toddler.
(Image via WPSD 6)
In his return from the AAA DL after an MRI revealed no structural damage in his elbow, Mets top prospect Noah Snydergaard injured his left shoulder while covering home plate after a wild pitch.
Our resident GIF creator @MetsKevin11 has footage of the injury.
Although the reaction from most fans has been expected the worst and hope for the best, the Mets for the time being had classified the situation in this way.
Mets call Syndergaard's injury "left shoulder discomfort” from plate collision. He's getting X-Rays. — Marc Carig (@MarcCarig) June 6, 2014
After getting a scare about his elbow, to have this kind of freak accident happen in his first start back is rough for Syndergaard.
Hopefully the injury is not serious and he can resume pitching as soon as possible
It's time to bow down and welcome your new North Korean overlords, America, because apparently the terrorists have won.
After hacking a massive amount of embarrassing personal emails and serious private information from Sony Pictures computers, the Guardians of Peace (or GOP) group decided to issue more than a cyber-threat by promising 9/11-style attacks on movie theaters that show the Seth Rogen–James Franco buddy comedy The Interview this Christmas. 24 hours later, the top five American movie chains have said they will not be showing the film.
This is a travesty, not only for comedy fans who are excited to see the next film from the people who brought you Pineapple Express and This Is the End, but mostly for all Americans who don't want to see our society dictated by vague, unsubstantiated terrorist threats.
The premise of The Interview — the thing that made North Korea deem it an “act of war” — is that two hapless American journalists, played by Franco and Rogen, are tasked with assassinating Kim Jong-un. And now, thanks to those Sony leaks, we know that (spoiler alert!) they go through with it.
In fact, emails between Rogen and Sony co-chair Amy Pascal show that Sony Corp. Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai wanted the filmmakers to tone down a certain head explosion, but Rogen held firm and only agreed to slight adjustments.
“The head explosion can't be more obscured than it is because we honestly feel that if it's any more obscured, you won't be able to tell it's exploding and the joke won't work,” Rogen emailed Pascal after one round of edits. “This is now a story of Americans changing their movie to make North Koreans happy. That is a very damning story.”
Yes, that would have been a damning story, but Pascal deserves credit for sticking by the film and agreeing to release in the first place. Before the L.A. premiere last week, Rogen publicly thanked her for “having the balls” to do so. In an interview about the Sony hack, Pascal insisted, “No one will tell us what movies to release, ever. Nobody should be able to intimidate a company to not do its business.”
But that was before the threats of violence were sent to media organizations. The “terrorists” wrote:
Warning We will clearly show it to you at the very time and places “The Interview” be shown, including the premiere, how bitter fate those who seek fun in terror should be doomed to.
Soon all the world will see what an awful movie Sony Pictures Entertainment has made.
The world will be full of fear.
Remember the 11th of September 2001.
We recommend you to keep yourself distant from the places at that time.
(If your house is nearby, you'd better leave.)
Whatever comes in the coming days is called by the greed of Sony Pictures Entertainment.
All the world will denounce the SONY.
And with that, Sony pulled back, canceling all press appearances by Franco and Rogen, including what was sure to be a fun joint appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon tonight. Now, because North Koreans, or those sympathetic to their cause, don't like what's in The Interview, its stars can't play fun games with Jimmy Fallon on late night TV.
But today's news that America's biggest movie theater chains would not be showing The Interview hit the hardest. The entire point of the film — aside from pure, silly humor — is that it calls out the megalomania of a dictator who oppresses his people and bans dissent. By refusing to show the film, the theater owners are succumbing to the threats and appeasing a regime that doesn't want anyone to see an actor playing its dear leader get his head blown up with special effects.
And if the theater owners say they are doing it for purely capitalistic reasons, they're lying. Yes, if there really was a deadly attack on a movie theater, it would be bad for the industry as a whole. But until individual threats are confirmed by the FBI, there is no compelling reason to believe they are real. And with the amount of publicity the hackers have unwittingly given this film over the past few weeks, it was destined to have a massive opening weekend, threat or no threat.
It takes extraordinary circumstances for a liberal like me to agree with someone like Rep. Peter King (R-NY), but there was a lot to like in his comments about the threats on CNN's The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer last night.
Congressman King admitted he's not a “big movie guy” and normally would have no interest in an R-rated comedy starring Rogen and Franco. But now that the threats have been made, he said he just might check it out this Christmas as an “act of defiance.” Unfortunately, it doesn't look like he'll have the chance.
Without anywhere to see the film, many have speculated that Sony will choose to release it on demand for people to watch at home on the same day it would have been released in theaters. That would be a welcome consolation, and would almost definitely become the highest-grossing VOD release of all time. But it would also be a sad admission that Americans were frightened out of going to the movies to see what is, at its heart, a silly comedy. Comedies like this one are always best-experience in crowds, but now that won't be possible for most viewers.
Despite the valiant efforts of some activists, The Interview could never be shown in North Korea. The fact that it now can't be shown in this country proves we're not quite as free as we claim to be.
Watch the final trailer for The Interview below and hope it's not all you get to see of the film:
UPDATE — 5:20 p.m. ET: Apparently, I expressed my outrage before the worst of this story hit. Sony Pictures has now decided to officially cancel the theatrical release of The Interview altogether. The company's statement still leaves the possibility of a VOD release open, but the chances are looking slimmer by the hour.
[Photo via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Matt Wilstein (@TheMattWilstein) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
NATO Secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg | Dan Kitwood/Getty Images Russian submarine activity ‘highest since Cold War' warns NATO chief Alliance plans to set up a new command post for the Atlantic.
NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg warned about increased activity by Russian submarines in the Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean in an interview published Saturday.
"Russia has massively invested in its marine capability, especially in submarines," the military alliance's secretary-general told Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung, the sunday edition of the German daily, as well as two other international newspapers.
"Russia's submarine activity is now at its highest level since the Cold War," he said, pointing to thirteen additional submarines since 2014. Russian submarines are operating all over the Atlantic, as well as "closer to our shores," he said.
That presents a threat to the trans-Atlantic military alliance by possibly undermining links between European and North American allies, he said.
"We're a transatlantic alliance, and for that reason we have to be able to transport troups and equipment across the Atlantic," he said. "For that, we need secure and open sea routes."
Against this background, NATO also plans to set up a new command post for the Atlantic and is due to take more detailed decision on the new structure next year.
"NATO has reduced its marine capabilities after the end of the cold war, especially to fight submarines," Stoltenberg said.
Once it was the crack of dawn, then breakfast and finally it was moved back to lunchtime… but now it will be almost teatime and dark when the post is delivered to tens of thousands of homes.
Post will now be delivered as late as 4pm in some areas (Picture: Reuters)
Royal Mail has announced that reforms will see post delivered as late as 4pm across the whole of Sussex after Worthing was the latest to suffer the changes.
Opponents say the elderly and small businesses will be the hardest hit.
Royal Mail says the new methods will reduce injuries to postmen delivering bulky items and will keep prices low.
Residents in Newhaven and Polegate complained when the same system was introduced in August because of missed deliveries.
The changes by Royal Mail will mean new delivery routes and could see post delivered later each day.
The latest delivery time will be 3pm in urban areas and 4pm in rural areas.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A Royal Mail spokeswoman said: âMany customers will continue to get their mail by lunchtime.
The time when customers receive mail will depend on where they live on the new delivery route.
âThis may be later or possibly earlier than current delivery times.
âEventually, this will be rolled out across Sussex but we do not have aÂ definite timescale.â
The latest postcodes to be affected by the changes are BN11, BN12, BN13 and BN14.
President Donald Trump and the Republicans in Congress apparently aren't content with just one embarrassing face-plant on health care, so they're setting themselves up for round 2. The dramatic collapse of the American Health Care Act resulted from deep ideological divisions within the Republican-controlled Congress that imperil pretty much every facet of the White House's domestic legislative agenda. Step 1 to getting anything else done is for Republicans to find a way to “yes” on a health care bill. But the latest proposal emerging from the House GOP is a still worse policy that will likely be even less viable politically than the AHCA.
As The Washington Post has reported, the new idea emanating from Republican negotiators is to allow states the choice of opting out of specific regulations imposed by the Affordable Care Act: for instance, the requirement that health plans cover essential health benefits; and “a provision that bars insurers from charging the sick more than the healthy,” known commonly as community rating. Both of these changes are meant to secure more votes from the recalcitrant right-wingers in the House Freedom Caucus, and the fact that Republican leaders are going down this route is a good sign of how desperate they are to get something passed.
Advertisement:
The initial versions of the American Health Care Act quite conspicuously left in place the ACA's protections for people with pre-existing conditions. This was done for reasons that were both political and procedural, which we'll get into in a moment. By giving states the freedom to ditch community rating, Republicans would be undermining those protections for sick people.
As Margot Sanger-Katz wrote in The New York Times, insurers would still be required to sell insurance to sick people under this proposal, but they “would be free to charge those patients as much as they wanted.” When combined with the elimination of essential health benefits, Republicans' repeal of the community rating provision could leave people with pre-existing conditions facing a situation in which they'll be charged substantially more for health coverage that doesn't actually cover anything. It's terrible policy: injuring the people who need the most help in order to bring down insurance costs for healthy people.
As you might anticipate, such a change would not sit well with the public. While the Affordable Care Act's popularity is middling, the law's protections for people with pre-existing conditions are extremely well-liked. A November poll from the Kaiser Family Foundation found that 69 percent of the respondents approvded of the ACA's provisions on pre-existing conditions. It also found that “among those who want the law repealed, 38 percent (or 10% of the public overall) change their opinion after hearing the argument that repealing the ACA would mean that insurance companies could deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions.”
If Republicans in Congress take aim at this exceedingly popular provision, that should help to foster still deeper loathing for their already extremely unpopular health care legislation. And even if those changes succeed in peeling off a much Freedom Caucus defectors, they'll likely alienate more moderate Republicans who are squeamish about voting to make health care even less affordable for sick people.
But let's say that these regulatory changes, by some strange political alchemy, somehow result in a piece of legislation making it through the House of Representatives. Hard part's over, right? Alas, no.
The other reason Republican leaders initially left the pre-existing conditions protections in place is that they want to pass a bill that won't fall victim to a Democratic filibuster in the Senate. To do that, the legislation has to align with the Senate's rules for passing a bill under a process that's known as budget reconciliation. As The Washington Post's Greg Sargent has noted, regulatory changes of this sort would very likely run afoul of those rules. It is within the power of the Senate Republican majority to just override those rules and jam the bill through anyway. But, again, we're talking about an already unpopular legislative push that will have even less support once they decide to gut the ACA's provisions on pre-existing conditions.
Advertisement:
What see here are the irreconcilable tensions within the GOP manifesting themselves in ways that contribute to legislative gridlock. Republicans ran hard for several years on a promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, but they deferred the thorny question of how they would do that until it was too late. Now they're under massive pressure to pass a bill — but to get there they have to satisfy a competing and contradictory set of ideological and political agendas while simultaneously navigating an exotic procedural road map.
And this is still just the first step of broader Republican legislative agenda under President Trump. Most of the other things the GOP hopes to accomplish ride on passing a health care bill first, and that desperation is impelling Republican leaders to make terrible political and policy choices.
NYPD officer Michael Hance, who made headlines after a video of him twerking at a Gay Pride parade went viral, has died at the age of 44.
Hance, from the 111th precinct, in Queens, worked at the Ground Zero bucket brigade in the aftermath of the terrorist attack at the World Trade Center. He died on Sunday of 9/11-related cancer, reported the New York Daily News.
In November, he grew dizzy and fell in front of his Bethpage, Long Island home. He was diagnosed with brain cancer, which spread to his lungs, liver, and chest, said the outlet.
Scroll down for video
NYPD police officer Michael Hance died Sunday of cancer, he was first diagnosed in November
Hance went viral when he was videotaped boogieing with a reveler at the Gay Pride parade in 2015
Hance good-naturedly accepted a kiss from Aaron Santis after twerking to Michael Jackson
'He loved being a cop,' older brother Peter Hance told the outlet. 'It was in his blood.'
Hance was divorced and had two children, Kaitlyn, 12, and Jenna, 10.
'Those two daughters were his life. They're going through a rough time right now,' Hance said.
He was also engaged to a woman only identified as Melanie on his obituary.
He wasn't gay, but his gleeful dancing while on duty at the 2015 Gay Pride Parade to Michael Jackson's 'Don't Stop Til You Get Enough' earned him kudos from the gay community.
'He was straight and still having fun,' said Paige Ponzeka, who took the video, which has been viewed almost eight million times on YouTube
Santis was appreciative of Hance's attitude. Said Brian Downey, president of the NYPD's Gay Officer's Action league: '[He] represented the true spirit of the police family'
'I was as impressed as I was happy,' Brian Downey, the president of the NYPD's Gay Officer's Action League told the outlet. 'He isn't a member of GOAL or the LGBT community, but we were elated to see that video. It represented the true spirit of the police family. That's what 99.5% of cops are like.'
Aaron Santis was marching at the parade Big Apple Softball League, an LGBT sports group, when he began doing the popular twerk dance near the cop. Hance joined right in.
Hance was a 9/11 first responder and worked the long, grueling and acrid-smoke filled hours down at the WTC after the terrorist attack
The video has been viewed almost eight million times on YouTube.
'Aaron had danced in front of a lot of cops but they were not as responsive. Then we saw this officer get into it. (Hance) understood what the parade was about - about having fun and being yourself,' said Paige Ponzeka, who recorded the moment on video. 'That was the best part … that he was straight and was still having fun at the parade.'
'That's just who he was,' his brother told the outlet. 'He was definitely a people person. He has like eight million friends.'
On March 7, the family created a fund to help with medical expenses.
Stafford by-election: Former LNP MP Chris Davis urges early Queensland election after Government loses seat
Updated
Former LNP MP Chris Davis has called for an early state election after a large swing against the Queensland Government in Saturday's by-election.
Voters in Stafford went to the polls on Saturday to replace Dr Davis, the state's former assistant health minister, who quit in May after clashing with the Government on several policy issues.
Labor's Dr Anthony Lynham won the seat in Brisbane's north, with a huge swing of 18.6 per cent against the LNP.
The win adds a ninth MP to Labor's ranks in the 89-seat State Parliament.
Dr Lynham secured 61.5 per cent of the vote after preferences, which was the biggest swing at a Queensland by-election since changes were made to the Electoral Act in 1992.
Dr Davis said Queenslanders needed to go back to the polls before next year.
"You can't govern with that degree of dissatisfaction and uncertainly, and again I reiterate the best thing for Queensland would be to go to an election soon, rather than next year," he said.
You can't govern with that degree of dissatisfaction and uncertainly and again I reiterate the best thing for Queensland would be to go to an election soon. Dr Chris Davis, former Stafford LNP MP
Queensland Opposition Leader Annastacia Palaszczuk said she was yet to decide which shadow portfolio Dr Lynham would hold.
Ms Palaszczuk also said Premier Campbell Newman needed to take another look at his team.
"I'll be making some decisions over the next week, but first of all I want to see if Campbell Newman reshuffles his Cabinet," she said.
"If he was serious about listening, he would be reshuffling and he would be making some major changes."
Mr Newman said yesterday Queenslanders had not understood the motivations behind unpopular decisions of his Government.
He said he would be trying harder to communicate the achievements of the Government, but said there were no plans for a Cabinet reshuffle.
"We know that you're [Stafford voters] not happy, clearly, and we're going to work extra hard to deliver on the things that we said we would," he said.
"I'd just ask people to remember that we have inherited a big mess to sort out, we had to make strong decisions."
The result comes after Labor won the Redcliffe by-election in February, with a 17.2 per cent swing against the LNP.
Potential major policy changes to be discussed
Queensland Treasurer Tim Nicholls has not ruled out bringing back bipartisan support for the head of the Crime and Corruption Commission (CCC).
Mr Nicholls said it was one of the issues to be discussed in Cabinet this morning following the "kicking" received by voters at the Stafford by-election.
The Treasurer said people were concerned about how the new CCC operated.
"Voters have said that's a concern and it's important that a good government listens to that concern," Mr Nicholls told 612 ABC Brisbane this morning.
"We want the CCC to be and seen to be an independent crime and corruption-fighting body.
We intend the government to go the full term. Tim Nicholls, Queensland Treasurer
"If we need to make changes to ensure that people do have faith in the CCC then that's one of the matters I think is appropriate a good government listens and responds to."
Mr Nicholls also flagged discussion about potential changes to the Government's controversial gang laws.
"While extremely effective... there are some concerns about the process and how they work and perhaps some of the outcomes," he said.
"We're listening to that as well... we will be discussing in Cabinet to make sure we still have strong laws that protect community and us as individuals and accord with what the main stream sees as the appropriate way of enforcing those laws."
Mr Nicholls also dismissed Dr Davis's calls for an early election.
"We intend the government to go the full term," he said.
Topics: elections, alp, liberal-national-party, state-parliament, stafford-4053, brisbane-4000
First posted
In a private e-mail discussion Toms Guide alum and current contributor to The Escapist, Devin Connors, quips in response to senior gaming editor at Ars Technica, Kyle Orland, that #GamerGate isn't going to end until someone ends up in “prison”. While the comment may have been made in jest – with some of the information surfacing – I wouldn't put it past the #GamerGate movement that someone may end up behind bars before this is all over.
For those of you who haven't been keeping up with all of this #GamerGate stuff. Breitbart writer Milo Yannopoulos managed to get his hands on some e-mails from a private Google group courtesy of an undisclosed leaker (and no I wasn't the original leaker). They spilled all sorts of useful information about the correspondence between major players at big name gaming websites, including but not limited to Kotaku, Polygon, Joystiq, Game Informer and even Ars Technica. It painted a picture of collusion and willful negligence to report on specific industry-related issues with proper facts, honesty and integrity.
Following the leak of e-mails, the group's headmaster, Kyle Orland, decided to close off access to the group.
During my tenure within GJP, I respected Orland's non-enforced policy where he requested members not to publicly share anything that was mentioned in the group. The post reads as thus.
Make no mistake about it, many of them were not friends of mine; and don't take my respect and adherence to Orland's privacy policy as camaraderie. In my own code of ethics, I felt I would respect that policy so long as I was allowed in the group (though, to be honest I have no idea why I was allowed in for as long as I was, considering how I outwardly felt about some of them.)
Nevertheless, my access to the group was recently restricted on September 19th, and that means I no longer have to adhere to Kyle's privacy policy. In other words: all bets are off.
Some of the e-mails from the private Google group known as Game Journo Pros reveals a tight-knit collage of individuals who believe heavily in what they preach from their platforms. Keep in mind that not all of them are bad people, and not all of them are what some people label as “radical SJWs”. But the e-mails definitely reveal that some of them have become drunk on their own self-aggrandized ideologies.
Orland made a thread in the group called “Putting Gamergate behind us?” back on September 6th, 2014 linking to this blog post on Storify called “GamerOverGate”.
He then proceeds to explain a conspiracy theory that involves 4chan masterminding all of #GamerGate and getting Adam Baldwin, YouTube personalities and prominent academic figures involved just to create dissent amongst game journalists, harass a certain female indie developer and get some “lulz” out of it all. What's truly hurtful to the platform of game journalism is that Orland gave the “okay” for Ars Technica writer Casey Johnson to post up the following article based on the Storify post, on September 9th, 2014:
https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2014/09/new-chat-logs-show-how-4chan-users-pushed-gamergate-into-the-national-spotlight/
The article had to be modified multiple times and updated given that it was factually incorrect through and through. It originally contained outright lies and pushed a very misleading pretense for those who were not already aware that 4chan did not create #GamerGate. Even to this day, the article still has factually inaccurate claims – such as the one below…
“Discussion logs, however, suggest that #notyourshield didn't begin as a broad movement but was a campaign manufactured and orchestrated by 4chan users via sockpuppet Twitter accounts. And, according to screenshots recently released by Quinn, so was the original #GamerGate.”
#NotYourShield was started by Jason Miller and Twitter user Ninouh90. Both are black by the way… not “white cis males” sock-puppet. Miller is known on Twitter by the handle of Polar Roller. I doubt Ars would issue an apology to Mr. Miller for being blatantly racist, no?
If #GamerGate wasn't about game journalism ethics then that Ars Technica article really does stand as a shining example of why it should be.
Nevertheless, the day the article went up I e-mailed Ars Technica's editor-in-chief about the purposefully misleading hit-piece and the multiple factually incorrect statements made throughout the article, as it fits the very definition of utilizing a media platform to misdirect and misinform readers; Ars Technica was used to promote lies.
Worse yet is that Kyle's instant acceptance of the Storify blog instead of fact-checking it – a quick trip to Topsy reveals who started #GamerGate, and it wasn't a 4chan troll – indicates that he is either neglectful of his duties as a senior editor, inept at fact checking or – as alleged in the Breitbart piece – he was possibly colluding to push a very specific agenda. Either way, it looks damning for someone who holds such a powerful position over public persuasion from the media platform in which they operate.
But to add a bit more context to this whole ordeal, Orland boastfully posted a link to this Twitter post before being checked by a few other members about #GamerGate not necessarily being at its end (I'll refrain from mentioning their names, as they don't need any unwanted attention). Orland responded saying…
Funny that the one pushing a false and factually misconstrued conspiracy agenda was Orland… especially with that Ars Technica piece. He's standing by an article that claims the #GamerGate movement was about harassing a specific female developer, while purposefully ignoring or failing to fact-check basic timestamps or key topical points; disregarding attacks and harassment #GamerGate supporters have been incurring; and establishing a predisposed view on how to spin the narrative without any kind of factual objectivity. That is corruption, not a conspiracy.
The lies and misleading information have been nothing but sickening since this all started, all while things such as EA covering up 40,000 hacked user accounts barely gets a mention – oh yeah, and when the incident was mentioned no one attributed it to the fact that #GamerGate helped get that exposed. Funny that, eh?
Some of you might say that Ars should be praised for updating the article with some of the appropriate information, but the thing to keep in mind is that the article (and many like it across major gaming and some mainstream websites) went up with a very specific intent. Facts were not the order of the day; investigative journalism was not being employed and each of these articles (before being modified, altered and updated) went live to push a very strong agenda.
I can't help but get drawn back into what Devin Connors mentioned…
In jest or not, that statement could end up being more true than he knows.
Keep in mind that there are plenty more e-mails; plenty more conversations; plenty more topics from GJP to write and talk about. Of course, here's hoping that the people who have been caught pushing their social agendas under an umbrella of lies and deception will come clean, admit their faults, resign from their current positions at their current publications and issue public apologies.
#GamerGate is far from over… but I can't say the same for the careers of those who used their platform to corrupt and deceive.
(Featured image courtesy of True Activist)
An abandoned facility of the defunct Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company. (Photo: stu_spivack / Wikimedia)
Charles Derber offers a guide to the new era of organizing in Welcome to the Revolution: Universalizing Resistance for Social Justice and Democracy in Perilous Times. With guest contributions from Medea Benjamin, Ralph Nader, Noam Chomsky and more, this book makes a compelling argument about how movements must come together. Order your copy today with a donation to Truthout!
The following piece by Gar Alperovitz forms one of the guest “interludes” in Welcome to the Revolution.
On September 19, 1977 — a day remembered locally as “Black Monday” — the corporate owners of the Campbell Works in Youngstown, Ohio, abruptly shuttered the giant steel mill's doors. Instantly, 5,000 workers lost their jobs, their livelihoods, and their futures. The mill's closing was national news, one of the ﬁrst major blows in the era of deindustrialization, offshoring, and “free trade” that has since made mass layoffs commonplace.
What was not commonplace was the response of the steelworkers and the local community. “You feel the whole area is doomed somehow,” Donna Slaven, the wife of a laid-off worker, told reporters at the time. “If this can happen to us, there is not a secure union job in the country.” Rather than leave the fate of their community in the hands of corporate executives in New York, New Orleans, and Washington DC, the workers began to organize and resist. And they joined with a new coalition of priests, ministers, and rabbis — headed by a Catholic and an Episcopal bishop — to build support for a new way forward. I was called in to head up an economic team to help.
Working together, the steelworkers, the ecumenical coalition, and our team put forward a bold proposal to re-open the mill under worker–community ownership. With support from a creative Carter Administration ofﬁcial, a study was ﬁnanced that demonstrated the feasibility of a plan to put the old mill back into operation with the latest modern technology. A worker–community-owned facility could operate efﬁciently, re-employ 4,000 people, and generate a proﬁt.
Peace activist, civil rights advocate, and labor lawyer Staughton Lynd worked with me and the coalition to develop the transition effort. Lynd subsequently wrote:
What was new in the Youngstown venture was the notion that workers and community residents could own and operate a steel mill. … Employee–community ownership of the Campbell Works would have challenged the capitalist system on the terrain of the large-scale enterprises in basic industries. … This was the ownership model the workers themselves chose.
The coalition knew that their only chance against big steel was to build a popular political base around the state of Ohio and even around the nation. They understood it was important to universalize the idea, to make it clear that the problem of Youngstown was a problem many communities would face. One of their themes was: “Save Youngstown, Save the Nation.”
They also had to overcome the opposition of the national leadership of the United Steelworkers union which, in 1977, had no interest in the idea of workers owning a mill (or young activists getting ideas about organizing power!). A major victory of Youngstown's local, state, and national campaign was the 1978 decision by the Carter Administration to support the plan with millions of dollars in federal loan guarantees.
Perhaps not surprisingly — given how innovative the plan was in the 1970s — the coalition did not win the battle of Youngstown. After the mid-term elections of 1978, the Carter Administration withdrew its loan guarantees amidst pressure from industry lobbyists and antagonistic government ofﬁcials. Without the loan guarantees, the effort collapsed.
The story, however, does not end there. The steelworkers and the ecumenical coalition knew they were up against some of the most powerful players in the country. They were fully aware they might well lose the battle. They also knew, however, that they were on to a very important idea, one whose time would come.
A centerpiece of the strategy was an all-out effort to help educate the public, the press, and the politicians in the state and around the country. And, in fact, the inspiring example of the Youngstown workers and ecumenical coalition has had ongoing and profound impact. There are now many worker-owned businesses in the state of Ohio, and the simple idea that workers can and should own their workplace is commonplace not only among workers, but also among businesspeople, many of whom (aided by certain tax beneﬁts) now sell their successful businesses to former employees when they retire. Also in Ohio, the late John Logue, a Kent State professor inspired by the Youngstown effort, established the Ohio Employee Ownership Center at Kent State University, a support system for worker ownership in the state that is one of the best in the nation.
It is not just Ohio. The concept of worker ownership has become commonplace across the country and the world. A 2004 ﬁlm, The Take, by Naomi Klein and Avi Lewis, documented the struggle of Argentinian workers to turn their factory into a worker cooperative, and it inspired many people to develop worker cooperatives. Also in 2004, the US Federation of Worker Cooperatives (USFWC) was established. Starting with just $7,000 in the bank, the USFWC has grown to represent and support more than 160 democratic workplaces and organizations, representing more than 4,000 workers, and has been instrumental in pushing state and local governments to support worker cooperatives as part of their economic development strategies.
In New York City, a coalition of grassroots community organizers and cooperative advocates — including the New York City Network of Worker Cooperatives, an afﬁliate of the USFWC, and The Working World (an organization founded by a young New Yorker who was motivated by The Take) — recently secured $1.2 million from the city's budget to support worker-owned businesses in low-income communities. One of the driving forces behind the New York City legislation is Cooperative Home Care Associates, the largest worker cooperative in the United States with more than 2,000 workers, most of whom are women of color, who enjoy above-average pay and beneﬁts.
In Madison, Wisconsin, a measure has passed the city council earmarking $5 million over 5 years to support cooperative development. In Jackson, Mississippi, before his tragic death, Mayor Chokwe Lumumba was preparing an ambitious strategy to combat economic inequality in the heart of the Black Belt by building a “solidarity economy” — one that connected community and cooperative enterprises to municipal procurement and remains underway.
In 2008, the Evergreen Cooperative Initiative was launched in Cleveland, Ohio — where the population has fallen from more than 900,000 in 1950 to below 400,000 today. Here, a number of cooperatives are linked together with a community-building non-proﬁt corporation and a revolving fund designed to create more such connected, community-building businesses. The Evergreen Cooperative Laundry operates out of a LEED [Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design] Gold-certiﬁed building, uses around one-ﬁfth the amount of water that conventional laundries use, and has an advanced water heating system that saves energy. Evergreen Energy Solutions recently installed one of the larger urban solar ﬁelds in the country. And Green City Growers Cooperative — a 3.25-acre hydroponic greenhouse — can produce roughly 3 million heads of lettuce and 300,000 pounds of herbs per year. An important new strategy in Cleveland uses anchor institutions — hospitals and universities in the area that purchase more than $3 billion a year in goods and services — to provide a long-term market for the worker-owned cooperatives.
The United Steelworkers, whose national leadership once opposed the Youngstown effort, have also evolved. The union has adopted a major strategy to help build “union co-op” worker-owned companies around the nation. Efforts are underway, in particular, in Pittsburgh and Cincinnati.
Truthout Progressive Pick “A must-read for anyone serious about building a meaningful and positive future!” – Gar Alperovitz Click here now to get the book!
This is not, however, simply a story about worker coops. It is much more about how change can happen — and about how an idea whose time has come actually “comes.” The spirit of Youngstown lives on. At this time of writing, a major new initiative — “50 by 50” — aims to organize 50 million workers in worker-owned enterprises in the United States by 2050. And in many communities, other new initiatives have been building momentum. Philadelphia and Santa Fe, for instance, are actively considering new public banks to develop much more broadly democratized local economies. Activists in Boulder, Colorado, have won two major referenda to take over the local electric utility and convert it to less climate-destroying approaches.
Beyond this, the Bernie Sanders revolution gave millions of people a sense that things might move faster than the steadily developing worker coop revolution. So, too, Black Lives Matter activists have turned their attention to new community-building economic strategies. At another level, the Next System Project, backed by some of the nation's leading scholars and activists, along with 10,000 engaged citizens, is considering developmental trajectories that begin, like Youngstown, in the here and now, but look forward even to such major changes as turning the big Wall Street banks into public utilities, and nationalizing oil companies and other ﬁrms in the interests of dealing with climate change, on the one hand, and corporate power, on the other.
Slowly, like an image emerging in a photographer's darkroom, the basis of a different economy is beginning to appear, ﬁrst in outline form, then perhaps with increasing pace over time, with more and more elements at all levels — community, region, nation. It might be called a “Pluralist Commonwealth” in its bringing together of different forms of democratic ownership, from neighborhood to community to region and beyond. At its core is a vision of community, one made real by the forms of economic life it nourishes.
The late Margaret Thatcher, conservative Prime Minister of the UK, famously declared that “There Is No Alternative” to capitalism, and the acronym “TINA” became a way to stiﬂe new thought and action. What Youngstown, the myriad new experiments, the climate change and Black Lives Matter movements, and the Sanders revolution all suggest is precisely the opposite: there is an alternative — or rather, there is a powerful and fast-developing process underway that offers promise, though surely not inevitability, of a new way forward. And the Youngstown idea of linking both workers and community in a much broader universalizing model is fast developing, not only in Cleveland, but in cities like Rochester, New York State, and Richmond, Virginia.
Photo: Paul Tamayo
There's a simple explanation for how the Ouija board works: it's not ghosts, but how you feel about them.
You remember the Ouija board, right? If you went to sleepovers as a kid, you might have played with one. You gathered around with a few friends, put your fingers on the pointer, and asked a question. The pointer seemed to move of its own accord as it spelled out answers to your questions. Maybe you thought it was a fun game, or that you were actually speaking to the dead. Maybe you thought more sinister forces were making it move, or simply someone else sitting around the table.
This piece originally appeared 10/24/17 as part of Kotaku's Halloween week.
It's widely accepted by scientists that the Ouija board works through the ideomotor effect. The people whose hands hover over the little pointer that glides around the board are actually moving it to spell out the answers, even if they don't mean to. Ideomotor movements are unconscious gestures we make in response to strong ideas or emotions. Though there are different theories of the ideomotor effect, expectation and imagination play a key role—anticipating an action, whether that's performing it or resisting it.
Advertisement
The Ouija board, from its design to the myths surrounding it, practically hums with the desire for movement. We have this idea of the pointer swooping around the board. Maybe we think of it because we want it to happen, or because we're afraid it will. Those thoughts prime our hands unconsciously, almost irresistibly, to make that first twitch. Once the movement begins, the excitement and drama build up—Who's moving it? I'm not; are you?—making us all the more susceptible to ideomotor movements and all the more unaware that we're making them.
Since ideomotor movements are unconscious, they're easily attributable to outside forces: spirits in the case of the Ouija board. We think the Ouija board is spelling things we couldn't possibly write or know, but we're simply so caught up in the moment that we don't notice we're doing it ourselves. Sometimes the questions asked of the board are answerable by one of the participants, who unknowingly begins spelling out an answer and unintentionally encourages others to do the same. Other times, the question is broad and open-ended, providing room for an eager group to invent it together. Despite the powerful nature of ideomotor movements, the Ouija board's otherworldly workings have been debunked simply by blindfolding participants. When users can't see the letters on the board, it spells out gibberish or misses the letters altogether:
If you're a believer, this might be a bummer. The Ouija board is the kind of thing that some people want to believe is real, a hope that's kept the object relevant in American culture since the 19th century. The board does unexpected, inexplicable things that its users believe they couldn't do on their own. That potential for surprise was part of the allure of Spiritualism, the religious movement from which the Ouija board grew.
Advertisement
Popular in Europe as a fad focused on contacting the dead, Spiritualism caught on in America in 1848 with the Fox sisters. They were young girls from upstate New York who claimed to communicate with a spirit in their house via a series of unexplained rappings. Spiritualism blossomed from there, with as many mediums popping up as there were spirits willing to spill the secrets of the afterlife.
Originally known as a spirit board or talking board, the first Ouija boards were made with household objects in the mid 1800s. Users pushed a glass toward alphabet cards on a table, or even moved the table itself. The planchette—the movable indicator we now associate with the board—appeared in the 1850s as the board's popularity grew. Moving a planchette was easier than chasing a flying table around the room. Some planchettes had a hole for a pencil to facilitate automatic writing. Feminist scholar Anne Braude notes that the planchette was “easy to use, required no experience or expertise, and could lead to the discovery or encouragement of mediumship in unsuspecting investigators.” Spiritualism found power in communal, domestic spaces like the kitchen and the parlor, and in any of their inhabitants—mostly women—with an open mind and some simple tools.
Advertisement
Through the late 19th to mid 20th century, Spiritualism's popularity waned as more and more mediums were proven to be frauds. But the mystery and possibility at the heart of the board remained alluring, and people outside Spiritualist circles wanted to cash in. In 1890, Charles Kennard and several other investors started the Kennard Novelty Company to manufacture the board as a toy. Smithsonian reports that the name Ouija was not, as widely believed, a mix of the French and German words for “yes” (prominent on the board), but rather a name the board itself provided through the sister-in-law of one of the investors, Helen Peters. The name is potentially the misspelling of the name of a women's rights activist named Ouida, whose picture Peters was wearing in a locket at the time, a fact that would certainly fit with the board's history. According to Ouija historian Robert Murch, to prove the board worked in order to secure a patent, the chief patent officer demanded it spell out his name, which was supposedly unknown to the patent-seekers. The board did so, to the amazement of the officer, and the patent was granted.
Despite the fact that ideomotor movement had been studied in relation to Spiritualist practices like the spirit board as early as 1852, mystery was one of the Ouija board's biggest selling points. The only way to see if the Ouija board worked was to try it yourself. William Fuld, a Kennard employee, took over the Ouija patent in 1892. While the original patent made no mention of how the Ouija board worked, Fuld's 1892 patent claims it worked via “the involuntary muscular motion of the hands of the players, or through some other agency,” satisfying both science and the mystical.
Advertisement
Though the ensuing years, the Ouija board continued speaking to whatever was the most on Americans' minds, be that spiritual enlightenment or more mundane pleasures. Advertisements from the 1920s for Fuld's Ouija boards present it as a joyful party game. Romantic songs and Norman Rockwell paintings from this time emphasize its frivolity and light-heartedness. The board saw renewed popularity during World War II, as Americans looked anywhere they could for comfort. In the late 40s and early 50s the board turned family-friendly and mainstream, with some of Fuld's trade ads noting that it was “woven into the very fabric of American tradition.” In the late 50s and early 60s, as American interest in the esoteric surged, the board appealed to people curious about psychic phenomena.
A slideshow of talking boards from the excellent Talking Board Historical Society.
The Ouija board saw an upswing in popularity in the 60s and 70s, following a wave of new spiritual and countercultural movements involving the occult. Parker Brothers acquired rights to the board from William Fuld's descendants in 1966, and sales soared. While the board still had some trappings of fun and romance, a more sinister vibe crept in, aided by movies like 1973's The Exorcist. The possibility that dark forces might be at work contributed to the Ouija board's allure, especially for young people looking to rebel against their parents' conservative values. It was especially popular among young women, the same demographic who first used it during its Spiritualist heyday.
Advertisement
Hasbro acquired Parker Brothers in 1991, and through the 90s interest in the board declined. More recent boards have been redesigned to glow in the dark or as tie-ins to movies or other popular media franchises. While Ouija boards are still commercially available, and several movies have been made about them recently, they're nowhere near as popular as they used to be.
A 1991 commercial for the Ouija board
The Ouija board isn't made in a magic factory staffed by demons as a unique portal to another world. Its power comes from a combination of psychology and our deep human need to make meaning. In the story of the board's original patenting, something as mundane as the patent officer's name becomes astounding. The ideomotor effect at the heart of the board works because of the scene we set when we open the box, the curiosity and desires we channel through it together. The Ouija board lets us write, say, or know things we don't think we're capable of. Instead of being a disappointment that ruins our childhoods, the truth behind the Ouija board takes that power away from ghosts and spirits and puts it back in our hands.
A farmer sprinkles fertilizer on his rice field in Burma Photo by STR/AFP/Getty Images
Consider Carl Bosch our leading candidate for a modern Prometheus. This year marks a century since Bosch, a chemist, opened the Oppau, Germany-based Stickstoffwerke (“nitrogen works”)—the first factory to produce synthetic ammonia, the main ingredient of chemical fertilizers.
It was an impressive technical feat that helped earn Bosch the Nobel Prize in 1931. His fellow chemist Fritz Haber had pioneered and patented the process for “fixing” inert nitrogen (the gas that makes up 78 percent of the atmosphere) into a usable, reactive form. Bosch figured out how to do it economically and on a large scale.
Modern agriculture was born when an abundant supply of synthetic nitrogen started flowing at Oppau. The Haber-Bosch process busted wide open the natural limits on plant growth. Nitrogen is a building block of all proteins and other molecules necessary for life, including DNA, and a critical nutrient for all plants and animals. Most of the nitrogen naturally fixed from the atmosphere for plant use is captured by bacteria that grow on the roots of legumes like peas and bean plants. Ammonia is transformed by these symbiotic bacteria into nitrates, which are then taken up by plants. Until 1913, cultivating legumes, recycling manure and crop residues, and mining deposits of bird droppings in South America were the primary sources of nitrogen in agriculture.
Bosch figured out how to react hydrogen culled from natural gas with atmospheric nitrogen at very high temperatures and pressures and in the presence of an iron-based catalyst. The resulting ammonia gas could be easily transformed into ammonium nitrate or urea for use in fertilizers. His work effectively removed the primary limiting factor that kept human populations in check.
Where would we be without this feat of modern alchemy? Well, for starters, many of us wouldn't be without it: Half of us wouldn't be alive today if not for synthetic nitrogen.
The Oppau Stickstoffwerke was a kind of existential hinge. In 1913, there were about 1.7 billion people in the world, and the factory fixed about 7,300 tons of nitrogen in its first year. Today there are 7 billion of us and more than 120 million tons of nitrogen are produced every year using techniques that haven't changed all that much. More than 80 percent of that reactive nitrogen goes into fertilizers for agriculture. A 2008 paper in Nature Geoscience contains a remarkable graph showing how closely world population growth has tracked the increase in fertilizer production—and how a world without it could sustain only 3.5 billion people. That counterfactual can make one's head swim a bit. It's like imagining the Back to the Future scenario of your parents never marrying, but on a global scale, or the plot for a Malthusian-themed Newt Gingrich alternative-history novel. Another mind-blowing way to think about it: On average, half of the nitrogen in your body was synthetically fixed.
For this reason alone, the Haber-Bosch process is considered by many scientists and historians to be the most transformational technological development of the modern age. But the case gets even stronger once you consider all of its unintended consequences. For, as with the original Prometheus, progress always comes with a price, in this case water and air pollution, deteriorating human health, reduced biodiversity, soil acidification, and accelerated global warming, to name a few.
Adding all that reactive nitrogen has effectively fertilized whole ecosystems beyond farms' boundaries, creating a host of downstream and downwind problems. “One atom can have cascading effects on land and water, causing loss of biodiversity, algal blooms,” says Eric Davidson, president of the Woods Hole Research Center and an expert on the global nitrogen cycle, “and the same atom of N keeps getting cycled through the system.”
This nitrogen cascade manifests in a variety of ways. Nitrogen oxides contribute to the production of ground-level ozone, or smog, which increases the risk of serious respiratory illness and cancer; a different problem arises in the stratosphere, where these gases destroy beneficial UV-blocking ozone. Nitrogen fertilizers also stimulate natural bacteria to produce more nitrous oxide, which contributes to acid rain and is a greenhouse gas that traps 300 times more heat per molecule than does carbon dioxide. Reactive nitrogen infiltrates surface streams and groundwater, polluting drinking wells. Excess levels of nitrogen in some ecosystems bolsters some species at the expense of others, leading to overall reduced biodiversity.
Perhaps the most visible impacts are the huge “dead zones” in the Baltic Sea and other areas downstream from farms. One of the worst is in the Gulf of Mexico, where fertilizer runoff carried by the Mississippi River feeds huge algae blooms that deprive other organisms of oxygen. The zone changes in size depending on the flow volume of the river and other seasonal factors. Last year it was about 6,700 square miles—larger than Connecticut.
Our use of synthetic nitrogen is head-scratchingly inefficient: One study found that for every 100 grams of synthetic nitrogen used in agriculture in 2005, only 17 grams found their way into crops or animal products consumed by humans. Most farmers only have two data points available to judge the efficiency of their fertilizer use: their crop yield and the amount of nitrogen they apply each year. Those are very crude proxies. In between those events, a vastly complex set of chemical reactions takes place in soil, plants, and the atmosphere that researchers are still working to understand.
“The farmers really don't want to lose yield,” Davidson says. “The problem is that nitrogen is a relatively cheap insurance policy. In most years they won't need it but in a few years they will.” He points to a lack of incentives to use nitrogen judiciously. Farmers from China to Iowa are under pressure to maintain high yields and profits. There's little penalty for overapplying synthetic nitrogen but a significant perceived risk to underapplying it.
The lack of farm-level data on yields, timing, rate, and amount of nitrogen application, indigenous soil nitrogen, and other important variables is a key factor holding back improvements in nitrogen-use efficiency. “It's surprising how little data there is,” says Kenneth Cassman, a professor of agronomy at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln. “We have some idea, but it's not good enough when we have to double food production and reduce environmental impact all in the next 30 years” to meet anticipated demand from a growing global population.
The small fraction of applied nitrogen that gets taken up by crops is one source of inefficiency. But we are profligate even with the nitrogen that actually makes it into the plant. Last month, the United Nations Environment Program released a study detailing some of the compounding sources of inefficiency. For example, worldwide about 80 percent of nitrogen harvested in crops and grass goes to feed livestock instead of feeding people directly. Much of that nitrogen winds up in their manure and then gases off as it sits in giant open lagoons near intensive animal production centers or when it is spread onto fields without being properly mixed into the soil. And according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization, a whopping one-third of all food produced globally is wasted—discarded by consumers or lost or spoiled before reaching the market.
The UNEP study authors propose a “20:20 for 2020” target of improving nitrogen use efficiency by 20 percent and reducing overall nitrogen use by 20 million tons each year. They also suggest that consumers in developed countries become “demitarians” by reducing their meat consumption by half, since meat-based diets are much less nitrogen-efficient than plant-based diets.
But “all of the demand for increased livestock products is coming from India, China, Africa,” Cassman says, so reduced consumption of meat in richer countries “doesn't make much difference for projections of food supply and demand.” Indeed, 80 percent of the global increase in consumption of nitrogen fertilizers between 2000 and 2009 came from India and China.
Cutting back on agricultural production is not much of an option in a world where the population is expected to reach 9.2 billion (and possibly as high as 10.5 billion) by midcentury.
While feeding 10 billion people will require synthetic fertilizers, bequeathing them a livable climate and cleaner air and water will require much more judicious use of applied nitrogen. “The solution is to provide tools so we can actually measure what farmers' nitrogen use is,” Cassman says. “Every farmer should know what their nitrogen fertilizer efficiency is in a fairly robust way.”
Such information could help policymakers design better incentives to encourage more farmers to adopt promising techniques for reducing nitrogen loss, such as conservation tillage (using little or no plowing), soil erosion control, planting winter cover crops, and more precise management of the timing, rate, and volume of fertilizer application. Davidson points to efforts to limit farming near streams and in 100-year flood plains as other steps that can make a dent in the problems associated with nitrogen runoff.
“In the past 40 years [American farmers] have massively improved nitrogen efficiency without really trying a lot,” Cassman says. “In the next 30 years I guarantee they can do at least as well, if not better, if they just have confidence they can do it. All we're talking about is trying to accelerate it through better decision-making and promulgation of research.”
He proposes setting up information-sharing systems and incentive-based programs that would reward farmers who improve their own nitrogen efficiency, say, 1 percent every year. “It would take the onus off of penalties, make it like a sport like track or swimming where you're competing against yourself. They would buy into it, lower costs, and improve their profitability.”
After a century of nitrogen fixation, it's hard to even imagine a world without it. And sheer demographic momentum means we will continue to rely on it until the next Carl Bosch comes along to upend the rules of agriculture.
While Oppau's legacy today reaches into every corner of the globe—and our bodies—the facility itself didn't last that long. In 1921, workers discovered that 4,500 tons of ammonium nitrate stored in a warehouse had hardened during a period of wet weather into an unusable mass. So, to loosen it up, they drilled holes in it, stuck some dynamite in, and lit the fuse. The resulting blast killed more than 500 people (including those workers), destroyed 80 percent of the homes in the town, and ripped the roofs off of homes 15 miles away.
It's difficult to blame them, though, since no one knew at the time about the fertilizer's explosive properties. And they were keen to not let such a valuable resource go to waste.
We're awash in infographics these days and I have a few sources that are pawning increasingly less relevant infographics on me on a regular basis. But the release of a Microsoft Windows XP Retirement Party infographic this week has many up in arms, and for good reason. XP isn't heading off to some peaceful retirement. It's being led to the gallows.
And for the record, I have no problem with that. At all. Windows XP turns 12 years old this year—12!—a lifecycle that is literally four times the average in-market lifecycle of most Windows releases and over 10 times the in-market lifecycle of a typical Mac OS X release. Windows XP isn't long in the tooth, it's toothless. And while its once-vaunted feature-set was seen as exciting and interesting over a decade ago, it's 2013 now. It's time to say goodbye.
Microsoft, of course, has been trying to do just that. And despite the firm's increasingly shrill warnings that the pending April 2014 support end of life (sorry, “retirement”) milestone is creeping right up on us as all pending dates must, many are still showing no sign of giving it up.
So let's bring out the party balloons. How did they forget the clowns? (Discounting those who still rely on XP, of course.)
The infographic is depicted below, but you should consider clicking on this link to see the full-sized version. It includes what appears to be puppets at the bottom, though of course they're really just people holding the balloons. (Subliminal message: Don't be pulled along by XP!) And of course a lot of really nutso stuff about Windows 8. It should just say, “look, get Windows 7 for all we care. Just get off of XP. Please.”
This is terrible.
Gliding through the air on a bike might so far be confined to the fantasy realms of singing nannies and aliens in baskets, but riding over rooftops could one day form part of your regular commute to work, if Norman Foster has his way.
Unveiled this week, in an appropriately light-headed vision for the holiday season, SkyCycle proposes a network of elevated bike paths hoisted aloft above railway lines, allowing you to zip through town blissfully liberated from the roads.
The project, which has the backing of Network Rail and Transport for London, would see over 220km of car-free routes installed above London's suburban rail network, suspended on pylons above the tracks and accessed at over 200 entrance points. At up to 15 metres wide, each of the ten routes would accommodate 12,000 cyclists per hour and improve journey times by up to 29 minutes, according to the designers.
Lord Foster, who says that cycling is one of his great passions, describes the plan as “a lateral approach to finding space in a congested city.”
“By using the corridors above the suburban railways,” he said, “we could create a world-class network of safe, car-free cycle routes that are ideally located for commuters.”
Developed by landscape practice Exterior Architecture, with Foster and Partners and Space Syntax, the proposed network would cover a catchment area of six million people, half of whom live and work within 10 minutes of an entrance. But its ambitions stretch beyond London alone.
“The dream is that you could wake up in Paris and cycle to the Gare du Nord,” says Sam Martin of Exterior Architecture. “Then get the train to Stratford, and cycle straight into central London in minutes, without worrying about trucks and buses.”
Developed over the last two years, the initial idea came from the student project of one of Martin's employees, Oli Clark, who proposed a network of elevated cycle routes weaving in and around Battersea power station. “It was a hobby in the office for a while,” says Martin. “Then we arranged a meeting at City Hall with the deputy mayor of transport – and bumped into Boris in the lift.”
Bumping into Boris has been the fateful beginning for some of the mayor's other adventures in novelty infrastructure, including Anish Kapoor's Orbit tower, apparently forged in a chance meeting with Lakshmi Mittal in the cloakrooms at Davos. Other encounters have resulted in cycle “superhighways” (which many blame for the recent increase in accidents) and a £60 million cable car that doesn't really go anywhere. But could SkyCycle be different?
“It's about having an eye on the future,” says Martin. “If London keeps growing and spreading itself out, with people forced to commute increasingly longer distances, then in 20 years it's just going to be a ghetto for people in suits. After rail fare increases this week, a greater percentage of people's income is being taken up with transport. There has to be another way to allow everyone to access to the centre, and stop this doughnut effect.”
After meeting with Network Rail last year, the design team has focused on a 6.5km trial route from Stratford to Liverpool Street Station, following the path of the overground line, a stretch they estimate would cost around £220 million. Working with Roger Ridsdill-Smith, Foster's head of structural engineering, responsible for the Millennium Bridge, they have developed what Martin describes as “a system akin to a tunnel-boring machine, but happening above ground”.
“It's no different to the electrification of the lines west of Paddington,” he says. “It would involve a series of pylons installed along the outside edge of the tracks, from which a deck would project out. Trains could still run while the cycle decks were being installed.”
As for access, the proposal would see the installation of vertical hydraulic platforms next to existing railway stations, as well as ramps that took advantage of the raised topography around viaducts and cuttings. “It wouldn't be completely seamless in terms of the cycling experience,” Martin admits. “But it could be a place for Boris Bike docking stations, to avoid people having to get their own equipment up there.” He says the structure could also be a source of energy creation, supporting solar panels and rain water collection.
The rail network has long been seen as a key to opening up cycle networks, given the amount of available land alongside rail lines, but no proposal has yet suggested launching cyclists into the air.
Pipe dream … the California Cycleway, dreamt up in the 1890s, was never completed after the automobile industry took off. Photograph: Cycle Infrastructure/nai010
“It's a really interesting idea,” says Matt Winfield of Sustrans. “We've done a lot of work along rail corridors and have had ideas about suspending bike paths along the edge of rail infrastructure at particular pinch points and crossings. But we haven't yet succeeded because of cost or funding deadlines not allowing enough time.”
Funding remains the big question hanging over SkyCycle, with the designers currently looking for backing to fund a feasibility study.
“We certainly don't want to take money away from making cycling safe on the roads,” says Martin. “That should remain the priority. But our ambition is to redirect some of the money spent by central government on rail and road expenditure. Those billions can be used much more efficiently.”
Finance has confounded other attempts for aerial bikes routes in the past. The California Cycleway, dreamt up in the 1890s, was planned to connect Pasadena and Los Angeles with 14km of raised timber decking, but only 2km of the track was ever built. Conceived as a private money-making enterprise, with a toll of 10 cents and 100,000 projected annual users, it never turned a profit, destroyed instead by the rise of the Model T Ford. More than a century later, will the SkyCycle team have better luck?
Egypt's parliamentary ethics committee recommended on Monday that MP Osama Sharshar be banned from attending house sessions until the current term ends over allegedly "sending sex videos of another MP on Whatsapp," Al-Ahram Arabic news website reported.
The case dates back to June 2016 when Sharshar reportedly posted a sex video allegedly involving another MP on the parliament's Whatsapp group.
Members of the parliament expressed anger over Sharshar's actions.
Sharshar explained that his "Whatsapp was hacked and the inappropriate videos were sent to instigate conflicts with other MPs," according to media reports.
Sources told Al-Ahram Arabic news website that other punishments against the independent MP could include a reprimand, or a ban on participating in parliamentary delegations until the term ends with the approval of the majority of the parliament's members.
These punishments require the approval of majority of members.
Sharshar could also be expelled from the parliament if two thirds of MPs deem such a punishment necessary.
Short link:
Biomedical engineers at UC Davis have developed a microfluidic chip to test for latent tuberculosis. They hope the test will be cheaper, faster and more reliable than current testing for the disease.
"Our assay is cheaper, reusable, and gives results in real time," said Ying Liu, a research specialist working with Professor Alexander Revzin in the UC Davis Department of Biomedical Engineering.
The team has already conducted testing of blood samples from patients in China and the United States.
About one-third of the world's population is infected with the bacteria that cause tuberculosis, a disease that kills an estimated 1.5 million people worldwide every year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Most infected people have latent TB, in which the bacteria are kept in check by the immune system. Patients become sick only when the immune system is compromised, enabling the bacteria to become active. People with HIV are at especially high risk.
Current tests for latent TB are based on detecting interferon-gamma, a disease-fighting chemical made by cells of the immune system. Commercially available tests require sending samples to a lab, and can be used just once.
Liu and Revzin used a novel approach: They coated a gold wafer with short pieces of a single-stranded DNA segment known to stick specifically to interferon-gamma. They then mounted the wafer in a chip that has tiny channels for blood samples. If interferon-gamma is present in a blood sample, it sticks to the DNA, triggering an electrical signal that can be read by a clinician.
"If you see that the interferon-gamma level is high, you can diagnose latent TB," Liu said.
The researchers plan to refine the system so that the microfluidic sensor and electronic readout are integrated on a single chip.
A patent application has been filed for the technology, and the researchers hope the test can be commercialized after FDA approval. The work was supported by the National Science Foundation.
35 Shares 0
35
0
0
Colonel General Viktor Bondarev explained in an interview with the daily Komsomolskaya Pravda that the S-300 anti-aircraft missile system has been deployed in Syria to safeguard Russian fighter jets from any possible threat.
Neither the type nor amount of anti-aircraft missiles sent was specified. However, Bondarev did specify that more than 50 planes and helicopters were deployed “for support actions” of the Syrian government army. Furthermore, the Commander explained that US intelligence remains unaware of the transportation operation, refusing however to go into further details.
The anti-aircraft missile system allows Russia to safeguard its jets involved in the airstrikes against militant opposition groups in Syria.
"We have considered all the possible threats.” Bondarev explained, “We have deployed not only fighter jets, attack aircraft, bombers and helicopters, but also surface-to-air missile systems”
Bondarev clearly specified that every airstrike is video-recorded by objective control means for the purpose of instant refutation in case of any accusation of Russian jets bombing civilian targets, as Reuters reported him saying, clarifying afterwards that Russian Defense Ministry has been releasing videos of its airstrikes in Syria on a daily basis, “something the US Air Force, also operating in Syria, never does.”
He also argued that every move the terrorists are taking is acting against their interest; explaining further that the intensity of Russian airstrikes against these militant groups is forcing them to abandon their installations and checkpoints.
Ever since the end of September this year Russia's involvement in the Syrian crisis has remarkably increased. Russia has been intensely employing both its diplomatic and military efforts to bring the Syrian crisis to an end. After the course of Vienna talks last week Russia had been actively cooperating with the moderate Syrian opposition, negotiating with its Turkish as well as American counterpart, and is increasing its military presence on Syrian lands.
Negotiations with the Turkish counterpart is specifically important due to the active role Turkey has played in the Syrian crisis ever since its eruption. Turkey is a member of the US-led coalition and Western military alliance NATO. Furthermore, it had warned Russia twice last month of violating Turkish airspace while conducting military strikes in Syria. However, last week it carried out airstrikes itself against ISIS in Syria.
CBS news reported that earlier this week Russian deputy foreign minister declared Moscow's intentions of bringing Syrian government officials with Syrian opposition together in a round of talks next week, stating that the government has agreed to participate, but that it remains unclear which opposition group will attend the negotiations.
The defense missile-system had been employed days after the Russian airplane crash in the Sinai Peninsula, which had been adopted by ISIS-affiliated military group, but which continues to be under investigation. The possibility of ISIS being behind the crash was highly doubted and even dismissed at first given the difficulty of undertaking such developed operation. However, the option is being reconsidered again according to a CNN report yesterday quoting U.S. intelligence as saying that a bomb might have potentially been implanted in the Russian airplane causing an explosion.
Alex Wong / Getty A doctor in Virginia uses a hand-held device to write an e-prescription.
Doctors' sloppy handwriting kills more than 7,000 people annually. It's a shocking statistic, and, according to a July 2006 report from the National Academies of Science's Institute of Medicine (IOM), preventable medication mistakes also injure more than 1.5 million Americans annually. Many such errors result from unclear abbreviations and dosage indications and illegible writing on some of the 3.2 billion prescriptions written in the U.S. every year.
To address the problemand give the push for electronic medical records a shovea coalition of health care companies and technology firms will launch a program Tuesday to enable all doctors in the U.S. to write electronic prescriptions for free. The National e-prescribing Patient Safety Initiative (NEPSI) will offer doctors access to eRx Now, a Web-based tool that physicians can use to write prescriptions electronically, check for potentially harmful drug interactions and ensure that pharmacies provide appropriate medications and dosages. "Thousands of people are dying, and we've been talking about this problem for ages," says Glen Tullman, CEO of Allscripts, a Chicago-based health care technology company, that initiated the project. "This is crazy. We have the technology today to prevent these errors, so why aren't we doing it?"
One of the reasons is that doctors haven't invested in the needed technology, so it's being provided to them. The $100 million project has drawn support from a variety of partners, including Dell, Google, Aetna and numerous hospitals. "Our goal long-term is to get the prescription pads out of doctors' hands, to get them working on computers," says Scott Wells, a Dell vice-president of marketing. Google is designing a custom search engine with NEPSI to assist doctors looking for health data. Insurance companies such as Aetna have pledged to provide incentives for physicians using e-prescription systems.
Although some doctors have been prescribing electronically for years, many still use pen and paper. This is the first national effort to make a Web-based tool free for all doctors. Tullman says that even though 90% of the country's approximately 550,000 doctors have access to the Internet, fewer than 10% of them have invested the time and money required to begin using electronic medical records or e-prescriptions.
By providing doctors with free tools and supportand perhaps a little prodding from the big insurers who pay the billsthe NEPSI alliance hopes to encourage a quickening in adoption of electronic prescribing. Because the new program is Web-based, no special software or hardware is required, and NEPSI says the new system takes 15 minutes to learn. Sprint plans to give away 1,000 web-enabled phones to be used to transmit e-prescriptions and to demonstrate the technology's ease of use. To keep pharmacies plugged into the new system, SureScripts, which links pharmacies around the country much like the national ATM network connects banks, will handle the e-prescriptions traffic from doctors to the country's 55,000 pharmacies.
Automation should eliminate many of the errors that occur when pharmacists misunderstand or misrecord medication names or dosages conveyed messily on paper or hurriedly by phone. Given that there are more than 17,000 pharmaceutical brands and generics available, a spoken request for Celebrex, for instance, can be mistaken for Celexa, or a notation requesting 150 milligrams of a drug might be read as 1500. In electronic systems, drugs and dosages are selected from menus to prevent input errors, and pharmacists don't need to re-enter information.
SureScripts CEO Kevin Hutchinson says one key to reducing medication errors is to get the most prolific prescribers to transition to electronic processing. "Not a lot of people understand that 15% of physicians in the U.S. write 50% of the prescription volume," Hutchinson says. "And 30% of them write 80%. So it's not about getting 100% of physicians to e-prescribe. It's about getting those key 30% who prescribe the most. Then you've automated the process."
Wider adoption of e-prescribing could lead to further efficiency in medical record keeping, which many believe is vital to both improving health care delivery and lowering costs. "Electronic prescribing could be an on-ramp for physicians beginning to use a full-featured electronic medical records system," Hutchinson says. "That's the holy grail."
New TV commercial from Australian Marriage Equality and Australians4Equality campaign groups
OLYMPIAN Ian Thorpe has revealed that he was taunted about his sexuality when he was a teenager which led him to be too frightened to come out of the closet, fearful of the reaction of his conservative parents.
The five times gold medal winning swimmer made the comments at a forum on Tuesday night where he shared a stage with Jim Obergfell whose court case led to the US legalising gay marriage.
“When I was about 16 I was accused of being gay and because it was in that tone, I always thought of it as a negative, of not being equal,” he said at the Australians 4 Equality event held at Twitter's Sydney offices.
“It was frightening. I knew I should have come out earlier but I never thought that I could, I didn't have the confidence to do it,” Thorpe said.
“When I did come out it was to close friends and then my family which was the most difficult for me.”
Thorpe first publicly acknowledged his sexuality in a 2014 TV interview with Michael Parkinson. He is in a relationship with law student and model Ryan Channing.
“I struggled to come out but I don't struggle with being out,” he told the audience.
He initially told his sister who suggested he tell their parents together.
“I come from a conservative family and my heart was racing. I had prepared for it and then I blurted it out and they quite simply told me that they would love me and always support me.
“It was overwhelming and I was so pleased I would be accepted by my own family,” Thorpe said.
Once he'd come out to his family, revealing he was gay to Australia was a cinch, he said.
“The way the country responded to me coming out was better than I could have hoped for. I was proud how the majority of people in Australia said ‘that's great, no big deal' and the nonchalant response is how it should be.”
Thorpe also said he supported the controversial Safe Schools program which aims to address anti-gay bullying in schools.
“There needs to be an understanding what Safe Schools is to the community and show people that it's a non-threatening discussion.”
Thorpe shared the platform with Mr Obergfell whose book, Love Wins, details the steps towards the gay marriage in the US.
Last year, the Supreme Court ruled in his favour in the landmark court case, Obergfell vs. Hodges. It meant states such as Texas, which had ruled against allowing gay marriage, were forced to start issuing marriage certificates to gay couples.
Mr Obergfell told news.com.au it still didn't feel real that a court case with his name on it changed the law across the country.
In 2013, he and his long term partner John Arthur travelled to Maryland to wed because their home state of Ohio still had a ban on gay couples marrying.
At the time, John was suffering from the degenerative condition motor neurone disease. He was in so much pain he couldn't leave the plane when it landed in Maryland and the ceremony was performed on the tarmac.
He died three months after the wedding.
Mr Obergfell was shocked when he found out that on John's death certificate his marital status would be recorded as single. While Ohio recognised most marriages performed outside the state, it had created a specific law barring the recognition of gay relationships.
“In Ohio first cousins couldn't get a marriage licence or people underage but if they got married elsewhere and then moved to Ohio they would be immediately recognised,” he said of the hypocrisy of the law.
“Our argument was you are creating two classes of people and that is wrong.”
Mr Obergfell begrudgingly took on the state.
“There I was in a courtroom while my husband was at home dying”.
His case eventually went all the way to the highest court in the land. That the case got that far, he said, “reinforces that John and I made the right decision to fight”.
During the US presidential campaign Donald Trump said he would consider taking steps to reverse the Supreme Court's decision and hand gay marriage back to the states which would almost certainly see the reform wound back in some areas.
However, in a US TV interview on Sunday, the President-Elect said he was “fine” with gay marriage and “it was settled in the Supreme Court”.
Mr Obergfell said he wasn't so sure.
“I don't trust anything Trump says. His Vice President Mike Pence is one the most anti-LGBTI politicians in the country and just the fact he says ‘it's settled' does not make me feel comfortable,” he told news.com.au.
“And Donald Trump says things all the time that are the exact opposite of five minutes ago.”
Mr Obergefell said he supported the decision made by Sydney's Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras members to uninvite Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull due to the lack of progress on gay marriage.
“It makes a clear point that this is a celebration of our community and we should invite people who support that and are on our side.”
His experience in Ohio, where a public vote had knocked back marriage equality, had convinced him a plebiscite in Australia would be a bad idea.
“The surest way to deny the rights of a minority, right we should all have, is to ask the majority.”
The key to breaking the marriage equality impasse in Australia, he said, was for gay people to keep telling stories of their relationships and why marriage was important.
“We need to keep talking about how marriage carries so much meaning and when you allow people to say, this is my husband or this is my wife, that is something so profound.”
It's a sentiment Thorpe agreed with saying the public were clearly in favour of a law change.
“Where marriage equality is right now does not represent our values and the notion of a fair go. We need to change this as soon as possible so we can get on with other things.”
benedict.brook@news.com.au
Child X will be born in 2011
Sometime next year the population of planet Earth will reach 7 billion. No one will know who the 7 billionth person is, but various organizations will no doubt publish a picture of an appropriate looking baby.
In a sobering assessment, William P. Butz, president of the Population Reference Bureau, said that “chronically low birthrates in developed countries are beginning to challenge the health and financial security of the elderly” at the same time that “developing countries are adding over 80 million to the population each year and the poorest of those countries are adding 20 million, exacerbating poverty and threatening the environment.”
Projections, especially over decades, are vulnerable to changes in immigration, retirement ages, birthrates, health care and other variables, but in releasing the bureau's 2010 population data sheet, Carl Haub, its senior demographer, estimated this week that by 2050 the planet will be home to more than nine billion people.
Thanks to JEEFUS for the thought.
A 15-station expansion of DublinBikes focused on Grangegorman is set to get underway this summer and to be completed by the end of the year.
Here's the draft set of locations provided by Dublin City Council — the new stations are the blue markers:
The number of bicycle docking stations is to increase from 101 to 116, while 100 extra bikes are to be added to the total number of bicycles which stands at around 1,580.
Of the draft 15 new stations, 9 will be located around Grangegorman, where the DIT campus is partly still under construction.
If all goes will, four of the stations will be located along or just off the North Circular Road, three or four will be on Grandegorman Lower / Upper, and two will be on the city side of the Phibsborough Road.
Another four stations will add to capacity in the area between Croke Park and Connelly Station:
And two stations will add to capacity on the southside near the Grand Canal:
In 2016 users of DublinBikes took 4.3m journeys and more than 18 million journeys since the launch in September 2009.
At the start of this year the scheme had 68,000 annual subscribers and its busiest day ever was on September 16 of last year with 18,041 journeys taken.
Since February 2017 yearly membership subscriptions increased from €20 to €25 to partly pay for the expansion and also aiming to fill in an amount which was to date paid from the city council's general budget.
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
POLICE have arrested two people who were circulating an anti-LNP petition on a university campus, in an action described as "insane" by fellow activists.
Student and activist Kat Henderson said she witnessed the arrest this morning, in which police handcuffed protestors at the Queensland University of Technology Kelvin Grove campus and took them away in a police van after they refused to identify themselves to security and leave campus voluntarily.
The man and the woman were campaigning as part of the final day of the QUT student guild elections, which have been marred by allegations of bullying, intimidation and corruption.
Ms Henderson said the pair, who were not university students, were involved in a stall promoting an upcoming demonstration and asking students to sign a petition against the State government cuts to the public service.
"I'm just in shock," Ms Henderson said.
"I've never witnessed anything whereby people have been removed from campus for peacefully promoting a demonstration of any kind."
Ms Henderson said initially security approached the two and asked them for identification.
When the pair refused, the security guards asked them to leave, then called police when they did not.
"When they refused to leave because they felt they had a right, as did all of us, that there's freedom of speech on campus and this was ludicrous, the police put handcuffs on them and put them in the back of the paddy wagon," Ms Henderson said.
Ms Henderson said the arrest "completely undermines" the notion of freedom of speech on campus.
"They were not causing any harm to anybody, and yet they're placed forcefully under arrest and dragged off campus for simply being here petitioning," she said.
"It just strikes me as such hypocrisy, given universities are supposed to be places of freedom of speech and spaces where open debate is welcomed."
QUT security manager Fergus Ross confirmed the arrests.
Mr Ross said a complaint was made from a campaigning student about intimidation at the hands of an activist circling the petition.
"As the person had not acquired prior approval to petition students, as per QUT policy, QUT security asked that person to identify himself," he said.
"After repeated refusals QUT staff, as per policy, asked him to leave, which again was refused."
He said staff then rang police, who attended the campus and arrested two people.
A police spokesperson said a 26-year-old Coopers Plains man was charged with one count of trespass, while a 29-year-old Alderley woman was charged with obstructing police during the incident.
Both are due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on October 4.
A QUT spokeswoman said the man arrested today was already known to security, and had been banned from university grounds following an incident involving another student at the Gardens Point campus earlier in the week.
Police are also investigating an alleged assault at the Kelvin Grove campus that took place yesterday.
Originally published as Anti-LNP activists arrested at university
In this 1953 photo, Navajo miners work at the Kerr-McGee uranium mine on the Navajo reservation in Cove, Ariz. Kerr-McGee abandoned uranium mine sites, leaving contaminated waste rock piles, in the Lukachukai mountains of Arizona and in the Ambrosia Lake area of New Mexico. (AP)
The Justice Department announced the biggest environmental cash settlement in history Thursday, securing a $5.15 billion deals with Anadarko Petroleum to clean up dozens of sites across the country and compensate more than 7,000 people living with the effects of the contamination.
The agreement resolves claims stemming from the toxic legacy of one of the oil firm's subsidiaries, Kerr-McGee, which operated a range of U.S. chemical, energy and manufacturing businesses over 85 years.
At a news conference, Preet Bharara, U.S. attorney of the Southern District of New York, said Kerr-McGee, which Anadarko acquired in 2006, left a trail of pollution in its wake and tried to evade responsibility by forcing U.S. taxpayers to pay for its actions.
The deal grew out of a lawsuit in U.S. Bankruptcy Court concerning Tronox, a paint materials manufacturer and unit of Kerr-McGee that was spun off in 2005 and later went bankrupt. The Anadarko Litigation Trust alleged that Kerr-McGee deliberately transferred its environmental and tort liabilities from its legacy businesses to Tronox before severing ties.
“Kerr-McGee's businesses all over this country left significant, lasting environmental damage in their wake,” said Deputy Attorney General James M. Cole. “It tried to shed its responsibility for this environmental damage and stick the United States taxpayers with the huge cleanup bill.”
Despite those harsh words, investors — who had been worried about Anadarko's financial outlook since December, when U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Allan Gropper said Kerr-McGee acted “with intent to hinder” by severing ties with Tronox — appeared relieved at news of a deal: The company's stock rose Thursday, closing at $99.02 a share, up 14.5 percent.
“This settlement agreement with the Litigation Trust and the U.S. Government eliminates the uncertainty this dispute has created, and the proceeds will fund the remediation and cleanup of the legacy environmental liabilities and tort claims,” Al Walker, Anadarko's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement. “Investor focus can now return to the tremendous value embedded in Anadarko's asset base, allowing our peer-leading operational and exploration results to again become the basis for valuation.”
The firm also estimated that it would receive a net $550 million tax benefit from the deal.
The stretch of Kerr-McGee's operations over nearly a century was vast, Justice Department officials said, encompassing everything from wood treatment to rocket fuel processing. Its perchlorate business contaminated Lake Mead, a major source of drinking water for the Southwest; its uranium mining operations left radioactive waste piles throughout Navajo Nation territory.
The litigation trust that reached the agreement with Anadarko represented the federal government, 11 states, the Navajo Nation, a trust for individual plaintiffs and some environmental response trusts.
“If you are responsible for 85 years of poisoning the Earth, then you are responsible for cleaning it up. That is why this case was brought. That is why we are here today,” Bharara said, adding that the company “polluted indiscriminately and left others holding the toxic tab.”
The settlement will provide nearly $1 billion to clean up drinking water and address health risks for the Navajo Nation; Bharara noted that members of the community were so worried local children might swim in the contaminated water that “the Navajo Nation felt compelled to distribute a comic book warning children to avoid the radioactive uranium.”
“That's what it came to,” Bharara said. “Kerr-McGee avoided its responsibilities, and children had to be warned away from swimming in contaminated water.”
Other money will be spent on cleanup sites in small towns and major urban centers, from a series of bluffs in Riley Pass, S.D., to the streets of Chicago. It will reimburse the Environmental Protection Agency for $217 million the agency has spent addressing lingering pollution from a wood treatment facility that used coal tar creosote and operated from 1910 until the mid-1950s in Manville, N.J, and give the state of New Jersey $4.5 million to compensate for the fact that the area's groundwater resource can not be brought up to meet federal standards.
Fadel Gheit, a senior oil analyst at Oppenheimer, said the agreement was far lower than some of the projections analysts had been making; the plaintiffs had been seeking as much as $20.8 billion, while experts projected it would range between $5.2 billion to $14.2 billion.
“They settled on the low end of the range, so that's why the market was happy with it,” he said, adding that it was “the lesser of two evils.”
Still, Gheit added, the size of the accord will put companies on notice that they can't evade legal liability for environmental damages by severing their relationship with subsidiaries. “It tells you that you can run, but you cannot hide.”
Environmental Integrity Project director Eric Schaeffer, who led the EPA's Office of Civil Enforcement from 1997 to 2002, said in an interview that the settlement was “great news” because it would make major companies take the financial implications of their actions more seriously. He noted that as a federal enforcement official, he envied the Securities and Exchange Commission for the huge legal settlements it could reach with Wall Street firms.
“I've always been frustrated that environmental violations haven't been valued and weighted in the same way,” he said.
Jill Stein says she has the lowest blood pressure of any candidate
Green Party nominee Jill Stein, MD, jumped into the ring on personal health Monday in an interview with Politico's Glenn Thrush, when she said she assumed she has the lowest blood pressure of any candidate at 110/70.
Because of the recent hoopla around candidates' personal health, Mr. Thrush asked to compare the numbers. He revealed that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton actually has the lowest blood pressure of 100/70.
"Are you serious?" Dr. Stein replied to Ms. Clinton's blood pressure. "Well, I would be happy to run a race with her any time," she said. Dr. Stein added that she usually walks six miles a day and used to run marathons.
In the remainder of the interview, Dr. Stein and Mr. Thrush discuss her medical career and how it laid the groundwork for her views on community-based healthcare and vaccines. Read the full interview here.
More articles on leadership and management:
Kaiser Permanente grants Morehouse School of Medicine $3M
Mike Pence releases physician's note
Biden plans to dedicate career to cancer research post-White House
© Copyright ASC COMMUNICATIONS 2019. Interested in LINKING to or REPRINTING this content? View our policies by clicking here.
The human mind is an incredibly efficient machine. Because of it, we can take in new information, store it, and synthesize it with other information to create new ideas. This complex process results in all of the marvels of human ingenuity from the invention of the wheel to the electronic device you are using to read this article. In this way, the human mind is a kind of computer.
Like any good computer, the mind learns shortcuts over time. These shortcuts speed up the way we process information. For instance, you put a dollar in a vending machine, and it eats your money. We apply the shortcut descriptor “broken” to the machine, and we know not to put any more money in it. Shortcuts can work pretty well.
Sometimes cognitive shortcuts actually result in less efficient information processing. If we misapply a shortcut, we end up coming away with a faulty conclusion. Take for example the person who interviews for a job and doesn't get it. If that person applies the wrong shortcut, she may come away from the experiencing thinking “They didn't want me, so I'll never get a job.” It's the same shortcut as with the vending machine, generalizing from past experience. But in this example it's highly ineffective and will probably result in significant emotional pain. This kind of misapplied shortcut is referred to in the cognitive therapy literature as a cognitive distortion (Beck et al., 1979).
Cognitive distortions are patterns of thinking that lead to misunderstanding and painful emotions. Below is a list of common cognitive distortions we all engage in from time to time. Read through them, and take note of the ones you are especially familiar with.
Mind Reading : Assuming you know what other people think. “He thinks I'm unintelligent.”
: Assuming you know what other people think. “He thinks I'm unintelligent.” Personalizing : Thinking you deserve the majority of the blame for something while discounting others' responsibility. “Because of me we lost the game.”
: Thinking you deserve the majority of the blame for something while discounting others' responsibility. “Because of me we lost the game.” Fortune Telling : Making predictions that bad things will happen without actually knowing that this is the case. “I'm going to fail the exam.”
: Making predictions that bad things will happen without actually knowing that this is the case. “I'm going to fail the exam.” All or Nothing Thinking : Thinking of people or situations in black and white terms. “If I don't do it perfectly, then it's horrible.”
: Thinking of people or situations in black and white terms. “If I don't do it perfectly, then it's horrible.” Catastrophizing : Believing the outcome of a situation will be so terrible that you won't be able to handle it. “If I lost this job, I'd just fall apart.”
: Believing the outcome of a situation will be so terrible that you won't be able to handle it. “If I lost this job, I'd just fall apart.” Labeling : Assigning a one word descriptor to the entirety of a person. “He's a jerk.”
: Assigning a one word descriptor to the entirety of a person. “He's a jerk.” Overgeneralizing : Assuming something based on a limited amount of experience. “I'm late to everything.”
: Assuming something based on a limited amount of experience. “I'm late to everything.” Negative Filtering/Discounting Positives: Focusing on negatives while framing positives as unimportant. “I made an A on the test because it was easy, and besides I failed one of the quizzes, so I maybe I'm not cut out for…”
We are all guilty of most of these from time to time. You may find that you engage in one or more of these distortions on a regular basis. If you find that to be true, the next time you are aware you are making one of these distorted shortcuts, you'll be able to recognize it and consider a more effective perspective.
For more information about cognitive therapy techniques, read this article about cognitive reappraisal.
Beck AT, Rush AJ, Shaw BF, Emery G (1979). Cognitive Therapy of Depression. New York: Guilford Press.
All material provided on this website is for informational purposes only. Direct consultation of a qualified provider should be sought for any specific questions or problems. Use of this website in no way constitutes professional service or advice.
Dark outpourings of lava gave the "man in the moon" his face more than three billion years ago. And volcanic activity continued on the moon until it halted a billion years ago – or so lunar scientists have long thought.
However, a new discovery by a group of geologists at Arizona State University's School of Earth and Space Exploration shows that the moon has seen small but widespread eruptions of basaltic lava during the last 50 million years, a geologically recent period. Download Full Image
The discovery was announced in a paper published online Oct. 12 in Nature Geoscience. Sarah Braden, a recent School of Earth and Space Exploration graduate, is the lead author; the others are Julie Stopar, Samuel Lawrence and Mark Robinson, all researchers in the school, and Carolyn van der Bogert and Harald Hiesinger of the Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster in Germany.
The science team identified 70 small volcanic features scattered across the moon's dark volcanic plains, or maria. The features show as a combination of smooth, low, rounded mounds near patches of rough, blocky terrain. The scientists refer to these unusual areas as irregular mare patches.
"Finding previously unknown geologic features on the lunar surface is extremely exciting," says Braden.
The features are too small to be seen from Earth, averaging less than a third of a mile (500 meters) across their largest dimension. One feature named Ina has been known for a long time, having been imaged from lunar orbit by Apollo 15 astronauts in the 1970s. Several early studies indicated that Ina could be very young (10 million years or less), but only a few irregular mare patches were known then, and their significance was unclear.
It was not until the scientists had high-resolution images showing the entire moon that the full extent and significance of the small lava features were understood. These images are the product of the two Narrow Angle Cameras that form part of the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera system. Co-author Mark Robinson is the principal investigator for the camera, which is on NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter spacecraft.
The ages of the irregular mare patch features come from studies of crater sizes and numbers within a given area by Braden, assisted by van der Bogert and Hiesinger. These crater-counting dates are linked to laboratory ages provided by Apollo and Luna samples. The results show that instead of lunar volcanism stopping abruptly about a billion years ago, it ended more gradually, continuing until less than 50 million years ago.
Activity at Ina, the scientists found, ended about 33 million years ago, and at another irregular mare patch, Sosigenes, it stopped only about 18 million years ago. (In contrast, most of the lava flows that make up the dark plains visible by eye from Earth erupted between 3.5 and 1 billion years ago.)
"The existence and young age of the irregular mare patches provides a new constraint for models of the lunar interior's thermal evolution," Braden says. "The lunar mantle had to remain hot enough for long enough to provide magma for the small-volume eruptions."
Robinson notes that the new discovery is hard to reconcile with what's currently thought about the temperature of the moon's interior. "These young volcanic features are now prime targets for future exploration, both robotic and human."
The discovery gives the moon's volcanic history a new chapter. As Braden says, "Our understanding of the moon is drastically changed by the evidence for volcanic eruptions at ages much younger than previously thought possible, and in multiple locations across the lunar maria."
The Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter spacecraft is managed by NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, and the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera's Science Operations Center is located on ASU's Tempe campus.
The School of Earth and Space Exploration is an academic unit of ASU's College of Liberal Arts and Sciences.
iSpindel - DIY electronic Hydrometer
***
Featured in german brewing magazine Braumagazin.de
If you like that project please vote for the Hackaday.io 2017 Prize List
Check out IOT DEVICE PULLS ITS WEIGHT IN HOME BREWING
Documentation in other languages
Say thanks with a beer :beers:
ChangeLog
Date Note 19.12.2018 Firmware 6.0.4: Higher precision for polynominal possible 19.12.2018 Firmware 6.0.3: Higher precision for gravity displayed in status page 24.10.2018 Firmware 6.0.2: Display issues on macOS resolved 22.08.2018 Firmware 6.0.0:
1. Alternative pin for OneWire tempearuture sensor DS18B20 now possible. This allows a different PCB schema to use either pin D1 or D6 .
2. Auto detection of OneWire pin, successfull detected pin will be saved together with a config save action. Output of detailed debug information of OneWire Sensor during searches, helping those with hardware issues.
3. Increased battery lifetime of about 20% by reducing the runtime to ~2200ms through various tunings.
4. Using Interrupts instead of delays to read the Accelerometer, allows significant shorter read intervals
5. Shorter read cycles allow more precision, increased samples from 7 to 39 samples that still fit into the necessary wait state for the Temp sensor! 16.08.2018 Firmware 5.9.1: Fixing Ubidots issue and extending MQTT 09.08.2018 Firmware 5.9.0: Support for MQTT, InfluxDB (Thanks to jmelhus, iceaway and thorrak) 13.05.2018 Firmware 5.8.6: allow longer fields for polynominal, SSID and Password 15.03.2018 Firmware 5.8.5: adding support for Prometheus Pushgateway, thanks to @jankeesv 08.03.2018 Firmware 5.8.4: adding support for logging temperature data in Fahrenheit and Kelvin, thanks to @iceaway 05.03.2018 Firmware 5.8.3: Support for InfluxDB as additional backend, thanks to @iceaway 23.02.2018 New drawer version ‘mwx-Edition' using threaded bolt nut and washer - thanks to @mwx 21.02.2018 Firmware 5.8.2: Extend token size to 40 char to support longer Ubidots token 14.02.2018 Firmware 5.8.1: HTML encode special character in configuration forms, allows displaying the passwort correctly 09.02.2018 Firmware 5.8.0: Transmitting the Wifi strength RSSI to insight of the reception 07.02.2018 Firmware 5.7.1: Allow longer sleep intervals longer up to 99999s == 27 days 03.02.2018 Firmware 5.7.0: Introduce Factory Reset feature 02.02.2018 Firmware 5.6.2: Support for Wifi credentials with special characters 07.11.2017 Firmware 5.6.1: Restoring Wifi credentials, moved to HTTP client library, improved RFCAL resilience to gain more stable Wifi connection 17.10.2017 Firmware 5.5.4: Various fixes for CraftBeerPi, BrewPiLess and Ubidots 28.09.2017 Firmware 5.5.0: Recall saved Wifi credential thus persisting over configuration changes 31.08.2017 iSpindle.py Version 1.3.1: genericTCP Update (local server & prep for public server); Firmware 5.4.2: Memory improvements. 29.08.2017 Firmware 5.4.1: Rewrite of the upload class to streamline and allow further data items. Also add iSpindel.de as data server as preset. 08.08.2017 calibration tool to calculate gravity as alternative to the Excel sheet 05.07.2017 Workaround for BrewPiLess 30.06.2017 Mentioned in http://preview.mailerlite.com/g6n5p3/660851237247259035/r2w6/ 22.05.2017 updated build docs 22.05.2017 switching build environment to platform.io 01.05.2017 Major Firmware update to 5! Calculate the Gravity now within the iSpindel by expression evaluation! The conversion polynom can be stored per iSpindel and sends as an additional metric (without a unit). Therefore, whether Plato or SG is prefered is up to the user defined polynom. There are two variable available tilt and temp . Zero point calibration. Firmware update OTA over the Air 12.04.2017 Mentioned in http://www.homebrewtalk.com/showthread.php?t=598187 01.03.2017 Mentioned in hackaday.com http://hackaday.com/2017/03/01/iot-device-pulls-its-weight-in-home-brewing/ 23.02.2017 English documentation added 14.02.2017 English documentation added 09.02.2017 Firmware 4.1.6 31.01.2017 Bilder Aufbau Platinenvariante 26.01.2017 Firmware 4.0: inifinte sleep time developed: the maximum 71min RTC time extends through step-sleeps . Wifi RF calibration introduced when calling configuration. fixed bug of emergency interval. fixed UI numeric formating 25.02.2017 Firmware 3.5.0: genericTCP: Python Skript um lokal die Daten in eine CSV Datei zu schreiben (thanks to Tozzi) 23.12.2016 CraftBeerPi Info, FW.3.4.4, Combo-Schlitten 18.12.2016 FAQ und Ubidots tool 15.11.2016 Firmware 3.4.2: Supporting now backends: CraftBeerPi, TControl,FHEM, generic HTTP. major Portal rework, added labels for convenience, upload speed improvements, Power saving on empty battery, added custom Battery conversion factor, Bugfixes 11.12.2016 Sources and drawer online 11.12.2016 FHEM upload documentation & firmware (thanks @MSBannert!) 07.12.2016 Schematics 03.12.2016 Firmware 2.1.2 Wifi improvements 09.11.2016 Calibration and Excel sheet for conversion to Plato, SG etc.
Contribution and support is appreciated especially regarding creation and translation of documentation. Feel free to provide a pull request . Die iSpindel befindet sich in andauernder Entwicklung, siehe dazu den Hobbybrauer.de Thread. Mithilfe ist herzlich willkommen und Ergänzungen bitte per Pull Request einreichen. Großes Dank an alle die Unterstützung leisten seitens Grundlagen erarbeiten oder passende Hardware zu finden.
Inhaltverzeichnis
Lizenz
Jeglicher kommerzieller Nachbau oder Verwendung ist prinzipiell untersagt. Geltende Patente werden verletzt. All rights reserverd, any commercial use is hereby prohibited and will violate applicable patents.
Prinzip
Die Messung der Dichte von Wasser mit Hilfe des krängenden Zylinders ist so einfach wie genial - man braucht keine externe Referenz (außer der Erde) und der Zylinder ist extrem leicht sauber zu halten. Der Neigungswinkel ändert sich im Verhältnis zum Auftrieb und damit im direkten Zusammenhang mit dem Zuckergehalt. Kein unnötiges Öffnen zum spindeln und evtl. Kontaminieren!
Daher die Idee, ein IoT device mit Wifi zusammen mit einem Beschleunigungssensor und Temperatursensor in einen schwimmenden Zylinder zu legen. Dort wacht er alle bsp. 5min auf, verbindet sich mit meinem Wlan und sendet seinen Neigungswinkel, Temperatur und Akkuspannung an einen Cloudservice wie Ubidots oder einen lokalen Server.
Metazentrum
Eigentlich dreht es sich hier um das “Metazentrum”, der Zylinder wird solange rotieren bis das Metazentrum im Lot zum Auftriebspunkt ist. Diesen Wert messen wir.
Man kann insofern trimmen, dass man am Boden ein paar Gramm hinzufügt, damit stellt sich der Zylinder mehr auf, oder am Deckel, damit krängt er mehr.
In der Software berechnent man aus den XYZ Beschleunigungswerten den Euler Winkel für X und Y und bildet daraus den Absolutwinkel. Diesen verrechnen wir mit den kalibrierten Eckwerten zum °Plato.
Aufbau
Varianten
Alle drei Varianten sind funktionell identisch
Variante A: Lochrasterplatine & Schlitten
Die Lochrasterplatine ermöglicht den Nachbau jederzeit mit ‘Hausmitteln' Variante B: nur Platine
Die fertige Platine über die Sammelbestellung bringt einen komfortablen Aufbau Variante C: Platine & Schlitten
Die obige Platine kann (über Trenn-Schnitt) mit dem Kunstoff Schlitten in Kombination verwendet werden der einen spielfreien Sitz garantiert.
Bauteile
siehe Bauteile
Schaltplan
siehe Schaltplan
Schlitten
siehe Bauteile
Konfiguration
Ubidots
Zu Beginn muss ein kostenloser Account bei Ubidots.com erstellt werden
Im Menü API Credentials erhält man seinen Token durch das die iSpindel die Berechtigung zum Schreiben der Daten erhält.
Diesen notieren.
Portal
Durch mehrmaliges Drücken der Reset Taste erstellt der Wemos einen AccessPoint, mit dem verbunden man die nötigen Einstellugen vornehmen kann.
Die iSpindel signalisiert dass sie sich im Konfiguration-Modus druch permanentes Blinken im Sekundentakt.
Man verlässt den Konfiguration-Modus durch speichern seiner Einstellungen, durch betätigen des Menüpunkts Start iSpindel oder durch warten von 5 Minuten. Danach befindet sie sich im Betriebsmodus d.h. sie sendet ihre Daten und geht daraufhin direkt in den “Deep Sleep” Standby Modus. Daher ist sie im normalen Modus nicht erreibar.
Der Ubidots Token und die IDs , welche man oben notiert hat, werden nun an dieser Stelle eingetragen.
Ebenfalls stellt man hier den Intervall ein in dem sie Daten liefert. Dies hat direkt mit der Akku Lebensdauer zu tun. Es empfiehlt sich in der Praxis etwa 1800 Sekunden (= 30 Minuten) Takt zu wählen.
Man erreicht es über
Eine Übersicht der Daten kann man über den Info Menüpunkt einsehen
Nach dem man obige Daten eingetragen und gespeichert hat, wird die Spindel sich mit dem Wlan und Ubidots verbinden und die Daten übertragen.
Falls noch nicht vorhanden, wird selbständig ein neues Device erstellt und die Sensoren angelegt.
Auf der Ubidots Weboberfläche wird man nun unter Sources sehen dass die Daten aktualisiert werden.
Nun kann man im Dashboard sich seine Graphen nach Belieben zusammenstellen.
Scripting
Ubidots kann ausserdem an vielen Stellen per Script bedient werden. Eine Dokumentation zu den Funktionen findet sich direkt bei Ubidots. Hiermit können zum Beispiel nicht mehr benötigte Daten in Variablen gelöscht werden.
Anzeige
Die iSpindel kann ihre Daten an verschieden backends senden. Es empfiehlt sich mit dem Cloudservice Ubidots zu beginnen, dort kann man sich einen kostenlosen Account erstellen und die Graphen sich darstellen. Man kann auch weitere Abwandlungen der Daten vornehmen, wie den Plato / SG Wert errechnen, den EVG usw. Folgende backends werden mittlerweile unterstützt:
Ubidots Graphen
CraftBeerPi
Beschreibung von @not:
Wenn Du die neueste Firmware auf Deine iSpindel geflasht hast musst Du auch craftbeerpi updaten: dazu brauchst Du den branch “hydrometer”. Wenn Du die Spindel dann konfigurierst, gibst Du neben den Einstellungen für Dein WLAN im Dropdown-Menu “CraftbeerPi” an und darunter die IP Adresse Deines im selben Netzwerk gelegenen Craftbeerpi-Servers. Danach sendet die Spindel an den Raspberry Pi -Rechner und Craftbeerpi registriert die Spindel automatisch . Wenn die Verbindung klappt, findest Du die Spindel “wie von Geisterhand” in der Hardware-Konfiguration von CBP. Du siehst, dass Daten ankomen, wenn Du Deine Fermentation / Gärung im CBP anschaust, da sind dann nicht nur die Temperatur (ist und soll) , sondern auch Spindeltemperatur und Plato zu sehen (siehe Screenshot oben) mit letztem Zeitstempel.
git clone -b hydrometer https://github.com/Manuel83/craftbeerpi.git
FHEM
iSpindel-TCP-Server
Kalibrierung
Zur Umrechnung von dem gemessenen Winkel ° in °Plato, SG, %mas o.ä. ist es initial nötig eine Referenzkurve zu kalibrieren. Die gewonnenen Referenzen können dann über eine Excel Tabelle oder das Online Gravity Calibration tool in eine Funktion überführt werden, die zur Darstellung hinterlegt wird.
Da jede selbstgebaute Spindel andere Messwerte ergeben wird, muss man diesen Prozess einmalig pro iSpindel durchführen.
siehe Kalibrierung durchführen
Software
Firmware flashen
Compile from Source
Gefällt es dir, na dann spende mir halt ein Bier :beers:
Synopsis
"The second series of past Doctors meeting new series enemies is, to put it mildly, worth every second of your time and the entry fee." The Doctor Who Companion
A brand new boxset of four adventures, featuring monsters from the new series of Doctor Who!
Night of the Vashta Nerada by John Dorney
Funworld was set to be the happiest planet in the galaxy. A planet of joy, of euphoria, of laughter and delight. Except construction was marred by reports of a predator and then, a few days before opening, all communication ceased.
Owner Georgia Donnelly is desperate to open the resort and has hired Amanda Steele's crew to find out what happened on the planet. They're the best. But even they might not be up to the task.
Joined by the Doctor and being picked off one by one, they slowly start to realise that something terrifying lurks in the shadows.
Empire of the Racnoss by Scott Handcock
When a distress call rips the TARDIS from the Vortex, dragging it back through time, it arrives in the midst of a conflict between Gallifrey and an ancient foe.
The Doctor, as ever, wants to help, but in returning a wounded combatant home, he becomes further and further entangled in a web of deceit and recrimination. A web spun by an eight-legged Empress and her minions…
The Empire of the Racnoss is at war, and wherever he stands, the Doctor is on the wrong side.
The Carrionite Curse by Simon Guerrier
Katy Bell returns to her Midlands home to find strange goings-on at the buskers fair. A witch trial in the 1980s. A bonfire ready to be lit...
Luckily, a colourful visitor is already investigating, and the local vicar, Katy's dad, is versed in tales of the macabre. Terrifying forces are on the loose, and the town hall holds a secret. There is black magic in the Black Country, and the Doctor has the name of his enemy on the tip of his tongue...
Something wicked this way comes.
Day of the Vashta Nerada by Matt Fitton
As the Time War rages, Cardinal Ollistra of Gallifrey seeks to create ever more dangerous weapons to deploy against the enemy.
When the Doctor stumbles across Synthesis Station, he discovers that the Time Lords have sponsored a project to weaponise already-lethal creatures. But in doing so, Eva Morrison and her team have unwittingly used a colony of Vashta Nerada with a very unfortunate history of humanoid contact.
The Doctor finds himself leading a desperate race for survival, in which the shadows may be the least of their worries…
Written By: John Dorney, Scott Handcock, Simon Guerrier, Matt Fitton
Directed By: Barnaby Edwards
Cast
Tom Baker (The Doctor), Peter Davison (The Doctor), Colin Baker (The Doctor), Paul McGann (The Doctor), Adjoa Andoh (Racnoss Empress), Nigel Planer (Old Racnoss Emperor/ Herrax), Andrew French (Racnoss Consort), Lisa Kay (Alayna), Pam Ferris (Amanda Steele), Lorelei King (Georgia Donnelly), Emma Lowndes (Phelan), Matt Devitt (Bennetto), Maya Sondhi (Katy Bell), Andrée Bernard (Mary Sissinghurst), Adèle Anderson (Eileen Nelthorpe), Michael Fenton-Stevens (Rev Douglas Bell), Jacqueline Pearce (Ollistra), Jan Ravens (Dr Eva Morrison), Himesh Patel (Biotech Dendry), Tim Wallers (Commander Roxita/ Security Chief Raldon). Other parts played by members of the cast.
Producer David Richardson
Script Editor Matt Fitton
Executive Producers Jason Haigh-Ellery and Nicholas Briggs
Russia's foreign ministry has drafted a formal note of protest to the United States' plans to conduct a search of a soon-to-be shuttered Russian trade mission complex in Washington.
The ministry said Saturday that it had summoned Anthony Godfrey, the deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow, to receive the note, as reported by Reuters.
The note argues that conducting such a search in the absence of Russian officials is an "unprecedented, aggressive action" that unlawfully targets diplomats and could be used by U.S. intelligence services to provoke Russia.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Trump administration ordered Russia this week to close its consulate in San Francisco, as well as two other diplomatic annexes in Washington and New York, in retaliation for Moscow's order that the U.S. cut diplomatic staff in Russia.
The Trump administration cast the move as a return to diplomatic parity between the two countries, and completely in line with what the Russian government has pushed for.
"I think that we are responding in this instance to the Russian desire for parity in the diplomatic relationship, and we have taken these steps in that measure, in that spirit, and it is our hope that the Russians will recognize that since they were the ones who started the discussion on parity and we're responding and complying with what they required of us," a senior administration official said Thursday.
Russian officials immediately condemned the order to shutter the compounds, saying that it marked another blow to an already-deteriorating relationship with the U.S.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Friday that the government was weighing a response to the compound closures, and vowed to respond harshly to anything that threatened Moscow's interests.
"Ss you know, it takes two to tango," he told students in Moscow. "So far it seems like our American partners are more interested in solo break dancing."
An unexplained fire was spotted Friday night behind the Russian diplomatic building that is soon to close in Washington, D.C. and Foreign Policy reported that the building's staff could be seen dumping paper into the fire.
In February last year, Microsoft said that it would give a one year warning of when systems with Windows 7 preinstalled would no longer be available from OEMs. That time has finally come to pass. As spotted by Ed Bott, there's now a date after which Windows 7 OEM preinstalls will no longer be available: October 31, 2016.
That same date will also apply to Windows 8.1. Windows 8 preinstalls will end a few months earlier than that, June 30, 2016. This means that after October 31 next year, the only version of Windows that will be available on a new system from a PC builder will be Windows 10. Right now, OEMs can still offer Windows 7 Professional (though not any of the other versions), Windows 8, Windows 8.1, and Windows 10.
Windows 7 will remain supported until January 10, 2020. It left mainstream support earlier this year, so it's no longer eligible to receive non-security fixes or extra features but still has many years of security updates.
This is a significant consolidation, and it will mark the first time since the days of Windows XP that OEMs are restricted to only selling systems with the current, the latest version of Windows. Throughout the lives of Windows Vista, 7, 8, and 8.1, it was possible to buy systems with old Windows preinstalled. This made it easier for companies to stick with Windows XP during Windows Vista's life or Windows 7 during Windows 8 and 8.1's lives. That further entrenched the fragmentation of the Windows installed base, something that Microsoft is striving to reduce with Windows 10.
Corporations with Windows 7 deployments that they want to stick with and Software Assurance licenses won't need to worry—they'll still be able to use Windows 7, courtesy of the downgrade rights that come with their agreements. For everyone else, the countdown to the end of Windows 7's presence has begun.
A Japanese spacecraft orbiting the moon recently made a surprising find: oxygen that came from Earth. Scientists think this oxygen could provide a historical record of our planet's ancient atmosphere.
Few reliable clues exist as to the early history of Earth's atmosphere and rocky surface because geologic activity has erased detailed evidence over time. Also wiped out are snapshot details that could be gleaned from meteorites made of material that formed around the same time and from similar material as Earth.
The discovery of terrestrial oxygen on the moon now suggests another way to get at the atmospheric history of Earth's first two billion years. The moon is constantly bombarded by a stream of highly charged particles emanating from the sun, called the solar wind. But for five days about every month our lunar neighbor is shielded by Earth's magnetosphere—a bubblelike region where the planet's magnetic field dominates. During this time, a window opens for slower oxygen ions from Earth to arrive at the moon. Scientists believe that these ions, which the SELENE spacecraft (better known as Kaguya) detected, drifted over geologic time from the outer layers of Earth's atmosphere and became embedded in the moon's regolith, a loose top layer of soil and rock. A team led by planetary scientist Kentaro Terada of Osaka University in Japan reported the result earlier this year in Nature Astronomy. “Our new finding is a direct link that ions from Earth's atmosphere are transported to the moon,” where they could remain in the lunar soils for billions of years, Terada says.
This result excites scientists interested in a transition coinciding with the beginnings of photosynthesis in simple microbes, the planet's primeval life-forms. Somewhere around 2.45 billion years ago Earth's atmosphere changed from oxygen-poor to oxygen-rich under still mysterious circumstances that scientists call the Great Oxidation Event. Could some of the atmospheric oxygen produced at that time linger on the moon today? If scientists can collect and analyze samples of the terrestrial oxygen embedded in lunar soil, it could provide insights into how Earth's atmosphere has evolved over the eons.
In addition to trapped oxygen, the moon may harbor a trove of other evolutionary information about primordial Earth. “In principle, the moon has this remarkable collection of detritus from its sister planet,” says astrobiologist Caleb Scharf of Columbia University, who was not involved in the new research. And that detritus might carry even more intriguing data. He adds: “It's not inconceivable that there are fossil organisms in Earth meteorites on the lunar surface.”
Want to pay for dinner in bitcoins? Try Ramen Underground in San Francisco. Buy groceries with bitcoins? You can do it at Spar in Arnhem, the Netherlands.
Bitcoin, the best-known of the cryptocurrencies, is not without controversy, but one fact is indisputable: more and more venues accept it. In this article, we identify cities that are at the forefront of embracing the virtual currency.
Several different metrics were used in compiling this list, including the number of bitcoin merchants in the city, the number of bitcoin ATMs, and the population size relative to bitcoin activity. Bitcoin maps like the collaborative one offered on coinmap.org allow you to view current bitcoin-accepting businesses by city or country. Similarly, Coin ATM Radar shows the locations of bitcoin ATMs across the world.
Here are the 10 leading cities, ranked in order of the strongest bitcoin presence:
1. San Francisco, U.S. Not surprisingly, California's tech Mecca figures a prominent role in our list. The city currently has 177 merchants accepting bitcoin and 29 bitcoin ATMs – not bad, given its relatively small population of 837,000. San Francisco is home to startups such as Coinbase, developer of the world's most popular bitcoin wallet.
2. Vancouver, Canada. Bitcoin has a strong community in Canada, which was the first country to sign an official law regulating the virtual currency. Vancouver boasts 86 bitcoin-accepting merchants and an impressive 48 bitcoin ATMs. The city of 578,000 inaugurated the world's first bitcoin ATM and is the headquarters of the Quadriga CX Bitcoin exchange.
3. Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The capital of the Netherlands has a robust 74 merchants accepting bitcoin and one bitcoin ATM for a population of 779,000. Nearby cities Utrecht and the Hague are also havens for the cryptocurrency. Amsterdam is home to leading bitcoin startups including BitFury and BitPay.
4. Ljubljana, Slovenia. The smallest city on our list with a population of only 272,000, Ljubljana has 51 merchants accepting bitcoin and five ATMs. The prominent bitcoin exchange Bitstamp is headquartered in Ljubljana.
5. Tel Aviv, Israel. Israel's financial center and one of the world's leading cities for startups has 58 merchants accepting bitcoin and four bitcoin ATMs in a population of 404,000. The Israel Bitcoin Meetup Group in Tel Aviv is among the most active in the world with 1,785 members.
6. Zurich, Switzerland. The largest city in Switzerland and a leading financial center, Zurich has 64 merchants accepting bitcoin and eight ATMs serving a population of 366,000.
7. Tampa, U.S. The Florida city of 352,000 people has a surprising 93 merchants accepting bitcoin, more than most of the largest cities in the U.S., and 13 bitcoin ATMs.
8. Buenos Aires, Argentina. The leading bitcoin city in South America, Buenos Aires has 130 merchants accepting bitcoin and three bitcoin ATM in the city of 2.9 million people. In a country famous for currency crisis, bitcoin has found a warm welcome so far.
9. New York, U.S. The Big Apple has 122 merchants accepting bitcoin and 117 bitcoin ATMs catering to a population of 8.4 million. The financial and tech hub is home to bitcoin startup Coinsetter, a 'Wall Street-built' bitcoin exchange.
10. London, U.K. The United Kingdom capital and global financial powerhouse of 8.3 million residents has 88 merchants accepting bitcoin and 74 bitcoin ATMs. London-based bitcoin startups include Coinfloor, a bitcoin exchange, and Elliptic, a bitcoin vault. The London Bitcoin Meetup group is currently the largest in the world with 2,311 members.
The Bottom Line
The International Monetary Fund released its latest World Economic Outlook on Thursday, and as part of the report it imagined what would happen to the world economy if the conflict in Iraq were to escalate and Iraqi oil exports plunged by 50 percent. According to the IMF, world oil prices could increase by 20 percent in such a scenario.
The IMF then modeled two scenarios: one with just an oil-price shock, and another with an additional shock to confidence. With a shock to confidence, the IMF assumes an additional reduction in the risk tolerance of investors, which leads to a sharp drop in stocks.
The economic consequences are played out in the charts below, taken from the IMF:
In the first scenario, the IMF estimates that global economic growth would fall by 0.5 percentage points, with a nearly 1 percentage-point rise in inflation for advanced economies and a slight dip in stock markets.
But such shocks don't affect every country equally. Japan and China would be hurt more than the U.S. or the Euro area, according to the IMF's projections. And oil exporters Russia and Saudi Arabia would see an increase in growth.
Read the IMF's full report here.
Great Lakes Announces Maniacal Hopshop IPA
TORONTO, ON – Great Lakes Brewery has announced details of a new beer that is set to be released later this month.
Maniacal Hopshop IPA is a 6.4% abv and 70 IBU beer with the following notes:
This brand spanking new unfiltered IPA pours a burnt gold that wears it's white cap brilliantly. When you get your nose into the glass in front of you, notes of zested lemon, fresh papaya, and some lighter notes of elderberries hit you in the face, then the pine comes along and takes over. The body is medium to medium light with a soft carbonation that allows the flavours of the Equinox hop to shine through. Tropical fruits (papaya, kiwi) and lots of resiny goodness. Sweet up front, then juicy, leading to a pleasant bitterness and a very dry finish.
Maniacal Hopshop will be available later in October in a limited run of 473 ml cans exclusively at the Great Lakes retail store.
Get the biggest Sunderland AFC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yann M'Vila is close to rejoining Sunderland, according to reports in Russia.
The midfielder spent last season on loan with the Black Cats playing a central role in the battle to Premier League safety - playing in all but one of Sunderland's 38 league games last season.
M'Vila returned to Russian side Rubin Kazan this summer but was told immediately he was not part of their plans and was free to leave with just six months remaining on his contract. He has been made to train with the reserves.
And now Russian publication Izvestia claim sources close to player are saying a deal between the two clubs is close, with a four-year contract also mentioned.
M'Vila has been vocal about his desire to return to the Stadium of Light next season, despite interest from elsewhere - notably Everton.
However, uncertainty at Sunderland brought about by Sam Allardyce's England departure has delayed negotiations.
The Black Cats were thought to be asking Kazan to allow the player to leave on a free to subsidise the wages they'll likely have to shell out on the Frenchman. It's reported he earns over £100,000 per-week in Russia.
Rubin Kazan refused that request before the Allardyce situation brought negotiations to a temporary end.
Now with David Moyes in charge at Sunderland - a known admirer of the 26-year-old midfielder - it seems negotiations have begun again, with people close to the player confident a deal - which would see Rubin Kazan get some kind of fee - is close to being agreed.
The news will no doubt delight Sunderland fans who were eager to see him return. He is likely to become their first summer signing and the first of the new David Moyes era.
Rubin Kazan refused to comment when asked about the situation by Izvestia.
Eighteen San Francisco sheriff's deputies were among the law enforcement officials who responded to a shooting at a UPS warehouse last month after three employees were killed by their longtime colleague, Jimmy Lam, who then turned the gun on himself.
The deputies helped secure the perimeter and search for employees hiding in the building and for a possible second shooter. After the shooting, a number of San Francisco police command staffers personally thanked Sheriff Vicki Hennessy for her department's assistance, and Chief Bill Scott told the San Francisco Examiner he was grateful for the deputies' response.
But it turns out not everyone was happy about the aid.
Last month, a San Francisco Police Officer's Association board member — there are 37 — complained the deputies presented a danger.
“Several sheriffs [deputies] were present at the recent active shooter scene at UPS. They appeared to be preparing to enter [the] building with long rifles. This raises numerous officer safety concerns,” board member Gavin McEachern said, according to the June 21 union meeting's minutes published in the July issue of the POA Journal.
The union's minutes did not specify what safety concerns the deputies presented. A request for further explanation was answered without new details.
These comments are the latest in an on-again, off-again feud over who has the monopoly on patrolling the streets of San Francisco. Unlike every other sheriff's department across the state, San Francisco's has no unincorporated county land to patrol, leaving that duty to police alone. Instead, the roughly 850 deputies mostly work in the county's jails, courts, hospitals and, in some capacity, streets.
That last fact was again noted in the POA Journal statements of McEachern, saying deputies on the scene “raised concern for the sheriff's department expanding their footprint in the field. McEachern, along with other members of the board, have noticed an increase in sheriffs apparently on patrol in The City.”
In recent years, the Sheriff's Department has also stepped up its efforts to work outside of jails with a short-lived station transfer program in 2014. That six-month pilot tasked deputies with picking up inmates at a handful of police stations so that police officers would not be burdened with spending hours delivering arrestees to jail.
More recently, in 2015, again under former Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi, the department was certified by Police Officers Standards and Training (POST) to train officers for field, which the department had not been certified to do on its own.
At the time, Mirkarimi intimated that deputies could do the same work as police, and on city streets. “Where neighborhoods feel the neglect and are resigned to high crime norms, that can change. Where community policing lacks … that can change,” he said in a statement at the time.
Now, nine deputies trained in that capacity are set to begin training other deputies in August, said Eileen Hirst, the Sheriff's Department Chief of Staff.
That program aside, Scott told the Examiner on Sunday that he appreciated the help of the deputies at the scene of the UPS shootings.
“Sheriff [deputies] are peace officers and if they are in the area and something like that, as big an event as that was, I mean, I think there's a natural reaction to coordinate and help,” Scott said, adding that coordination is the key. “They're there just like we are, to protect the public, so I don't have any issues with that.”
The June 14 shooting in a UPS warehouse at 320 San Bruno Ave. left three dead — Mike Lefiti, Benson Louie and Wayne Chan — and wounded two other UPS employees. Police have no clear motive for the crime but say the men killed appeared to have been targeted.
POA officials did not have additional comment other than deferring to the department on the topic. But the POA journal's relaying of their board meeting said the issue will be brought up with Scott.
“President [Martin] Halloran will discuss this issue with Chief Scott at their next monthly meeting.”
Read more criminal justice news on the Crime Ink page in print. Follow us on Twitter: @sfcrimeink
Click here or scroll down to comment
Jonathan Merritt, author of A Faith of Our Own: Following Jesus Beyond the Culture Wars , sees a shift from an older ideal of virginity — where "you either had it or you didn't" — to a new ethic of purity which acknowledges that lapses may happen. And he sees a bigger change afoot: "The last generation was very focused on personal holiness. This generation also focuses on the outward expressions of the faith."
A study released in December by the National Association of Evangelicals found that 44% of unmarried 18-29-year-old evangelicals had been sexually active — but the study defined "evangelical" as someone who attends church at least monthly, believes Jesus Christ is the only path to salvation, and believes the Bible "is accurate in all that it teaches," requirements that may leave out some who still consider themselves part of the group. Another study puts the figure at 80 percent. And a recent poll found that 44% of 18-29-year-old evangelicals favor same-sex marriage, lower than the national figure but much higher than their elders.
He may be progressive, but Ricky isn't alone. A variety of experts say young evangelicals care less and less about the issues of sexual politics — abstinence, abortion, and same-sex marriage — that their forebears brought to the center of the political conversation. And churches that keep focusing on these issues may risk becoming obsolete.
Ricky, a 21-year-old evangelical Christian college student, isn't necessarily committed to abstinence before marriage: "If two people are in love and are willing to take the next step, I believe God would approve." He respects both sides of the abortion debate, but thinks churches shouldn't have a say in the matter. And he's an enthusiastic supporter of gay marriage; he thinks Christian opposition to it will be "a black eye on our religion for decades."
That means when young evangelicals talk about "life issues," they don't just mean abortion, says Merritt — "They're talking about an ethic of life from the womb to the tomb. They care about issues like war, poverty, the global water crisis, environmental degradation."
Ken Wilson, senior pastor of the Vineyard Church in Ann Arbor, Michigan, argues, "The culture war stuff just does not appeal to younger generations." Many are children of divorce, he says, and they've tired of conflict: "They're not interested in a spirituality that helps them become culture warriors. They want to repair the culture."
Jay Bakker, pastor of the Revolution Church in New York City (which meets in a Williamsburg bar) and son of televangelists Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker, says he now hears less talk abortion than he used to among young Christians: "People feel like no one wants to see more abortions but to make it illegal would make it dangerous." He agrees with Wilson that the divorce rate among older generations has had an effect, making young evangelicals less likely to jump into marriage early in life. "Christian couples used to get married because they wanted to have sex, and I think now they realize that's not a reason to get married," Bakker says. "I don't know if they're staying celibate, but it's not the biggest issue."
Gay rights, he says, remain divisive, with some young Christians arguing for legal equality for gay people while still regarding homosexuality as a sin. But Bakker maintains that young evangelicals' top concerns are poverty, social justice, and the environment — not sexual politics.
This doesn't necessarily mean young evangelicals are all becoming liberal, or that they're becoming indistinguishable from other young Americans. Joe Carter, a senior editor for the Acton Institute who has written an argument against "the myth of the liberal young evangelical," thinks the narrative of liberalization comes from students at already-liberal colleges like Wheaton: "If you go out to the University of Texas, or North Dakota, and talk to evangelicals, they're just as conservative as their parents."
But he does see some changes. Young evangelicals are still anti-abortion, but they want to talk about other issues too, like sex trafficking. He also says that on gay marriage, they're becoming more libertarian and less interested in state regulation. Keeping younger people in the fold, says Carter, will be a matter of messaging: Churches just need to show young congregants "that their concerns are aligned."
Others are less optimistic. Wilson says evangelicalism is on the decline, and according to a 2011 poll, 82% of ministers say the same. In order to turn that around, he says, "We need a major rethink of who we are and what we stand for."
For Wilson, that would mean a shift from approaching sex in terms of abstinence or purity and toward viewing it "through the lens of wisdom. What's good for a happy, healthy, blessed life? What's good for me and my community?" And it would mean a turn from an evangelical movement he thinks has defined itself as "a movement that's against things" to one that's more focused on bringing people together.
Young Christians, he says, have "a longing for community and connectedness," which churches can feed by organizing more small groups and volunteer drives, especially those that speak to young people's concerns about worldwide poverty and environmental degradation. Wilson also says churches need to get better at addressing the concerns of young people who may be single, cohabiting, or dating outside their faith. That would include not just a different approach to sexuality but different terms — Wilson notes that calling a church a "family worship center," as many evangelical establishments do, can be alienating to singles.
Merritt uses a similar metaphor: "We are going to have to begin seeing the world through the lens of biblical theology rather than through the lens of conservative politics." He says pastors need to stop endorsing political candidates, make room for more disagreement on certain issues, and "stop speaking about complicated public policy proposals as if they're qualified to do so."
ViewSonic VP2780-4K Black 27" 5ms HDMI Widescreen LED Backlight LCD Monitor IPS Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided C $ 746.99 List price: Previous Price C $799.99
Buy It Now
Shipping not specified
Dell S2715H Black 27" 6ms HDMI Widescreen LED Backlight LCD Monitor IPS Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided C $ 284.99 List price: Previous Price C $449.99
Buy It Now
Shipping not specified
HP Envy 27 Black 27" 4K 14ms (GTG) Widescreen LED Backlight LCD IPS Monitor Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided C $ 627.78 List price: Previous Price C $679.99
Buy It Now
Shipping not specified
ASUS MX259H Black 25" 5ms HDMI Widescreen LED Backlight LCD Monitor IPS Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided C $ 179.99
Buy It Now
Shipping not specified
Dell UP2716D Black 27" 6ms HDMI Widescreen LED Backlight LED Monitor IPS Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided C $ 769.99 List price: Previous Price C $1,169.99
Buy It Now
Shipping not specified
Dell SE2416H Black 23.8" 6ms HDMI Widescreen LED Backlight LCD Monitor IPS Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided C $ 189.99 List price: Previous Price C $299.99
Buy It Now
Shipping not specified
ViewSonic VP2771 VP2771 Black 27" 5ms (GTG) HDMI Widescreen LED Backlight LCD Mo Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided C $ 577.99 List price: Previous Price C $949.99
Buy It Now
Shipping not specified
ASUS VS24AH-P Black 24" 5ms (GTG) HDMI Widescreen LED Backlight LCD Monitor IPS Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided C $ 290.00 List price: Previous Price C $310.00
Buy It Now
Shipping not specified
Like many of us, Jackie Bradley, Jr. has been watching and enjoying the NFL playoffs. I asked the Boston outfielder for his thoughts on the contests, as well as some of the primary protagonists.
After acknowledging that there were some exciting games, Bradley made note of Pittsburgh wide receiver Antonio Brown's surreptitiously live-broadcasting a video as head coach Mike Tomlin addressed the team. He doesn't condone what happened.
“There's always been an unwritten rule about that,” Bradley told me. “What goes on in the locker room stays in the locker room. Nobody from outside of the locker room should know what goes on inside the locker room. It's like a family in there — it's a tight-knit group — and it should stay that way. You wouldn't want anything broadcast out of there, no matter what it might be.”
As for the quarterbacks playing later today — Tom Brady, Aaron Rodgers, Ben Roethlisberger, and Matt Ryan — Bradley demurred on which he feels would have been most successful had he pursued a baseball career. He did opine that the foursome wouldn't necessarily have worked off a mound. As he put it, “There are guys with arm strength who aren't pitchers.”
Bradley is among them, as this video clearly shows. And while he hasn't pitched professionally — “Not yet” — he did so in high school, topping out at “94 or 95” MPH. He feels he could probably throw harder now.
“I'm more developed,” explained Bradley. “I was 160-something (pounds) in high school, and I'm 200-plus. My lower half is a lot stronger.”
What kind of velocity could we expect if he converted from centerfielder to flame-throwing reliever?
“There's only one way to find out,” said a smiling Bradley.
———
Jeff Bridich was a bit bolder than Bradley when asked the quarterback-baseball question. He wasn't definitive with his opinion, but he did suggest it might be the star of his favorite football team. Colorado's GM grew up in Wisconsin, rooting for the Green Packers.
“It seems like what separates Rodgers — guys like him and Brady — is the way their brains work,” said Bridich. “They seem to be intelligent people, and intelligent athletes, and those aren't always the same thing. A lot of times, intelligent athletes that are really baseball smart end up doing really well in the sport. So it wouldn't surprise me if it was Aaron Rodgers. But you never know. Roethisberger is a huge human being, and he might have been a good power-hitting corner.”
Bridich didn't cite Ryan in his response to the question, but he was highly complimentary of how the Atlanta Falcons — the team hosting the Packers this afternoon — built their roster. What he said on that subject, and much more, will appear on these electronic pages in a few days.
———
In an interview that ran in September, Baltimore closer Zach Britton said he “definitely could have been successful as a starter” had he commanded his sinker as well as he has since moving to the bullpen. Dave Wallace, who served as Orioles pitching coach for each of the past three seasons, doesn't necessarily agree.
As Baltimore fans well remember, Britton struggled as a starter before becoming a shutdown reliever. In his original role, the southpaw logged a 4.86 ERA and a 1.54 WHIP over 46 appearances. Wallace — now a special assistant with the Atlanta Braves — believes he knows why.
“Buck (Showalter) hired me in 2013, and we went out to UC Irvine and heard all about Zach Britton,” Wallace said recently. “We met him, Chris Tillman, and a few other pitchers. My bullpen coach, Dom Chiti — as good of a pitching guy I've ever known — and I talked to Zach in the outfield.
“Zach had been tried as a starter, and he couldn't do this, and he had flashes of brilliance. When you talk to Zach… he was one of those guys where it was almost paralysis by analysis. He wanted it to be, ‘My right foot there, my left foot there.'
“He doesn't have the… I wouldn't say mentality, but the wherewithal to navigate. When you're a starting pitcher, and you give up a run — give up something — you have to maintain your composure and still make pitches, knowing you have quite a bit of the game to go. A lot of guys can't do that, and he was one of those guys.”
Wallace, who was speaking at SABR event in Boston, wouldn't say much about Showalter's not using Britton in last October's loss to Toronto. Ditto Grady Little's sticking with Pedro Martinez too long in the 2013 ALCS, when Wallace was Red Sox pitching coach. He did address the situations indirectly, with a story about another game.
“The manager has the last call, and you respect that,” said Wallace. “Bobby V. (Valentine) in the 2000 World Series. We were down three games to one with Al Leiter pitching. Luis Sojo was up in the top of the ninth. Al had something like 130 pitches. He was struggling like hell. Bobby said, ‘What do you think?' I said, ‘He's done; we have to get him out.'
“We had Turk Wendell, John Franco, Armando Benitez, and Dennis Cook — four really good guys in the bullpen. Bobby left him in. Sojo gets a hit, and we lose. They win and the World Series is over.
“The first thing Bobby says to me is, ‘Hey, don't forget now; you've got to cover my ass.' That's OK. He's the manager. You can agree and disagree on everything. Hindsight is always 20-20.”
———
In early December, we reported that the other Dave Wallace — Baseball America's 2016 Minor League Manager of the Year — would be changing jobs within the Cleveland Indians organization. At the time, his new role had yet to be defined. Now it has. The 37-year-old Wallace will be a special assignments coach, and he described his duties as follows:
“I'll help out in a few areas, but I'm most excited about exploring the creation of a coaches development program,” Wallace told me. “Better coaches equal better players.”
———
Prior to becoming the pitching coach in Minnesota, Neil Allen served in that capacity at the Triple-A level, in the Tampa Bay organization. This past summer, I asked Allen about the conversations he'd have the with the club's minor-league pitching coordinator.
“The first thing we'd talk about was that night's pitcher, which was someone who had already achieved fastball command in order to get there,” Allen told me. “By that stage, we'd be talking about his breaking ball and his changeup, and about percentages — how many we need to throw, and how many we need to throw for strikes.”
Fastball command, and how best to develop it, were among the things Allen emphasized in the interview that ran here a few months ago.
———
Jake Odorizzi has plenty of experience working with pitching coordinators. The Tampa Bay right-hander spent six seasons in the minors, with three different organizations. Originally Brewers property, he was in the Royals system before coming to Tampa.
“The coordinators were pretty hands-on,” Odorizzi told me this past summer. “In spring training, most everything we got was from them, and then once the season started, the coaches would keep conveying what they'd been saying. They'd make their appearances during the season, but for the most part, they filtered things to us through the coaches. It was a group effort that way.
“They'd talk to us about philosophies — things they'd like us to do, things they'd want us to establish. Some pitching coordinators want everybody to throw from this side of the rubber, or they want no two-seams, or one of your first three has to be a changeup. There are certain things they want you to learn, because the minor leagues are all about development, and they're the ones in charge.”
———
Gordon Edes abstained from filling out a Hall of Fame ballot this year. He didn't do so to make a statement, nor was he running away from his responsibilities. The longtime Boston baseball scribe did so because he's now employed by the Red Sox as their official historian. He remains eligible to vote, but feels it would be a conflict of interest to do so.
In Edes's view, filling out a ballot and checking off Curt Schilling's name would be seen as an obligatory home-team vote. Conversely, not checking off Schilling's name would be seen as, “See, even the Red Sox people don't think he's worthy.”
As for how Edes's stepping away impacts alleged PED candidates, he's previously voted for Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens, and the no-longer-on-the ballot Mark McGwire.
———
Jose Ramirez flew under the radar in 2016. The Indians infielder/outfielder began to make a name for himself in the postseason, but he was nonetheless overshadowed by the likes of Francisco Lindor, Corey Kluber, and a bullpen led by Andrew Miller. Outside of Cleveland, Ramirez remains mostly a mystery.
His manager knows who he is.
“Everybody talks about Lindor, as they should, but (Ramirez) had almost the same numbers,” Terry Francona said on Thursday. “He plays everywhere, too. He's a pretty good player.”
Francona undersold the underrated youngster's numbers. They were better than the ones put up by the All-Star shortstop.
Lindor slashed .301/.358/.435, and had 48 extra-base hits and 19 stolen bases. Ramirez, who started games at five positions, slashed .312/.363/462 and had 60 extra-base hits and 22 stolen bases. He also topped his emerging-superstar teammate in ISO, wOBA, and wRC+.
Ramirez turned 24 in September and is 14 months older than Lindor.
———
Red Schoendienst managed the St. Louis Cardinals for 12 full seasons, and parts of two others. Before that, he enjoyed a long and prosperous playing career. A second baseman, Schoendienst made 10 All-Star teams — nine as a Cardinal and one as a Milwaukee Brave — while manning the position from 1945-1963. He was later inducted into the Hall of Fame by the veterans committee.
There was a notable speed bump along the way. Following the 1958 season, Schoendienst was diagnosed with tuberculosis and underwent surgery to remove part of a lung. Undeterred, he returned to the playing field in September 1959 and went to hit .300 in part-time duty for the Cardinals in 1961 and 1962.
———
LINKS YOU'LL LIKE
Over at WBUR.ORG, Only a Game's Karen Given explained how a young Syracuse University graduate brought Uganda to the Little League World Series, and why their chances of returning are uncertain.
At Behind the Boxscore, Julian Assouline looked at The Fall of the Swingman.
According to MLB.com's Bryan Hoch, eliminating catcher's interferences could be key for Jacoby Ellsbury.
At The Miami Sun Sentinel, Tim Healey took A look inside the Miami Marlins' year-old analytics department.
The order in which teams pick in the 2017 amateur draft is now set. Mike Axisa has the details at CBSSports.com.
RANDOM FACTS AND STATS
Omar Vizquel (3,727) had more total bases than Edgar Martinez (3,718).
Joey Votto has a higher career stolen-base success rate than Bryce Harper. Votto is 67 for 95 (71%). Harper is 58 for 84 (69%).
From 1980-1985, Red Sox outfielder Tony Armas had 187 home runs and 160 walks, 28 of which were intentional.
In August 1972, San Francisco's Jim Barr retired the last 21 batters he faced in a complete-game shutout against Pittsburgh. In his next start, he retired the first 20 batters he faced in a complete-game shutout against St. Louis.
On October 3, 1943, John Dagenhard of the Boston Braves allowed two unearned runs in a complete-game win over the Chicago Cubs. Five days earlier, he'd thrown two scoreless innings against the St. Louis Cardinals. Those were his only big-league appearances, Dagenhard finished his career with a 0.00 ERA.
In 1918, 20-year-old left-hander Ralph Worrell went 25-10 for the International League's Baltimore Orioles. That winter, he died in the Spanish Flu Pandemic that ended the lives of over 50 million people worldwide.
The final stop of the thrilling 2017 MKM Series had finally arrived as players from far and wide gathered here in Barcelona to finish this year's competition for Cardmarket credit, MKMS ranking, and glory. More than the usual tournament prizes were at stake here in Barcelona, as the competition for the MKMS Power 8 finally came to a close and the top finishers were eager to receive their hard-fought rewards.
Dennis Zens had already cemented his lead by winning the Modern main event on Saturday, but there still were multiple players in contention for the other seven spots. Johannes Gutbrod finished 6-1-1, but closely missed the Top 8 on tie-breakers! So he had to watch from the sidelines while Julian Knab and Tomas Mar were playing the elimination rounds hoping to overtake their fellow competitors.
Deathrite Shaman had made waves at Eternal Weekend 2017, providing support to six of eight Top 8 decks— helping continue the trend of more standard creature-based decks topping US tournaments. Would we see combo triumph here in Europe, going by MKMS Hamburg's winning Show and Tell deck, or would the European meta fall in line with the US?
This was indeed the question of the final match, which featured the battle of Delver vs. Sneak & Show.
While Gutbrod was sad he had to sit out this one, he was happy to see his buddy Maximilian Lorenz claiming the trophy in the end. Gutbrod had earlier told the story of how his friend Max had gotten him into Legacy in the first place, and now revealed that he himself had gotten Lorenz back into Legacy after a long break recently. So things had come full circle – on a personal level for those two players, but also for us at MKMS Barcelona 2017.
We are looking forward to an even more exciting season in 2018 – with an additional stop, a new organizer, improved video coverage, and many more exciting stories and friendships to be created!
See you in January!
Williams could assess Kubica as a potential replacement for Felipe Massa, who is considering finally retiring at the end of the 2017 F1 season.
With Williams running out of options for Lance Stroll's teammate after Force India confirmed it will keep Sergio Perez next year, rumours are gathering pace that Kubica is high on Williams's shortlist of drivers for 2018.
The team is set to offer Kubica a test in a 2014-spec F1 car.
It is believed Williams is targetting the test for either the Malaysian or Japanese Grand Prix Friday on a European circuit to avoid media attention.
Kubica, whose F1 career was interrupted by life-threatening injuries from a rally crash in 2011, tested '12 and '17 F1 cars with Renault this year in an effort to prove he could return to grand prix racing.
But Renault eventually opted for Carlos Sainz as Nico Hulkenberg's 2018 teammate.
Title sponsor Martini is believed to have a strong say in Williams's driver choice, and it is yet to be seen if the company would be happy with Kubica as a brand ambassador for its global PR campaigns.
Earlier this week it was announced that reigning F1 world champion Nico Rosberg had become part of Kubica's management team.
Rosberg, who drove for Williams from 2006-09 and is well-established at Grove, could potentially take on a supporting brand ambassador role for Martini if Kubica joins Williams.
Hi,
I've just had an email claiming to be from here about my account being disabled for suspicious activity that seems to be a phishing scam. Just wondering if they've got my email from here or if it's just a lucky guess...
Anyway, thought people should be on the lookout.
On the off chance it's geniune... well I suppose I'd like to know what I need to do (though I really doubt it is geniune)
Here's the text of the email (minus the dodgy link at the end, just so no one accidentally clicks it)
___________________________________
Your Acount is disabled for the purposes of security
Dear Customer., While the audit team is reviewing your Acount,
they discovery strange activity or deceptive or fraudulent and based upon,
The team disable access to your Acount until your review for this strange activity and respond to it
What is the problem in detail?
1. You have more than one Peypal with a negative balance; or
2. You provided information that we believe was false, inaccurate, or misleading; or
3. You sent or received money that was potentially related to fraudulent activity; or
4. You are in violation of the User Agreement, the Commercial Entity
Agreement, the Acceptable Use Policy, or another agreement you have with us.
What is the solution?
To resolve this issue, you must log on to the site of the page devoted to verify
which is attached at the bottom of linked
and write your lnformation in a full
Thank you for giving us your time
Apologize for any annoying
Kind regards
17/11/2015 03:40:06
WASHINGTON -- Russia's President Vladimir Putin says the allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election are "fiction" invented by the Democrats in order to explain their loss.
In an interview with French newspaper Le Figaro, Putin reaffirmed his strong denial of Russian involvement in the hacking of Democratic emails. The interview was recorded during Putin's Monday trip to Paris and released Tuesday.
He said the claims of Russian meddling are driven by the "desire of those who lost the U.S. elections to improve their standing by accusing Russia of interfering."
Putin added that the "people who lost the vote hate to acknowledge that they indeed lost because the person who won was closer to the people and had a better understanding of what people wanted."
Trump made a similar claim in a tweet early Tuesday.
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2017
But a report released in early January by the U.S. intelligence community said that its agencies had concluded that Putin ordered a campaign involving covert intelligence operations and overt propaganda to undermine faith in the U.S. election, disparage Hillary Clinton and help Mr. Trump's election chances.
After the president decided to fire James Comey as FBI director in early May, Putin told CBS News correspondent Elizabeth Palmer that Comey's dismissal would have "no effect" on U.S.-Russia relations.
"There will be no effect," Putin said, with press aide Dmitry Peskov translating. "Your question looks very funny for me. Don't be angry with me. We have nothing to do with that."
"President Trump is acting in accordance with his competence, in accordance with his law and Constitution," Putin said. "What about us? Why we?
Today's POMO is over: at $2.069 billion, the operation was right in line with our expectations, coming in at a lofty 12.16 submitted to accepted ratio, as investors apparently are not too crazy about the yield perspective of the 4 2013 CUSIPs that were repruchased. However, what is far more important is that with holdings of $821.1 billion, the Fed is now officially the second largest holder of US Treasurys. Next up- China.
While the official breakdown will likely be a few weeks late in coming, here is the math:
Fed holdings as of September 30: $811,669
Add:
Total: $821.128 Billion, which compares to Japan total $821.0 Billion as of July 2010
Congratulations, America: your central bank is just $25 billion away from being the Treasury's largest creditor, and thus able to dominate any and all future debt restructuring negotiations with what is, essentially, itself.
DETROIT, MI - OCTOBER 17: Fans hold up a number 9 sign paying tribute to the late Gordie Howe during an NHL game between the Detroit Red Wings and the Ottawa Senators at Joe Louis Arena on October 17, 2016 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Dave Reginek/NHLI via Getty Images)
By Dan Jenkins
Ever wanted to look more like your favorite Detroit Red Wings players? Now you can, while honoring one of Hockeytown's greatest legends at the same time.
Hockeytown Authentics is now selling the Gordie Howe No. 9 patch that Red Wings players are wearing on the left shoulder of their jerseys this season.
Gordie Howe "9" patches are now available for at @ShopHockeytown & JLA. $15 for the 2 pack. All proceeds benefit the Gordie Howe Foundation. pic.twitter.com/drpNMskBb0 — Detroit Red Wings (@DetroitRedWings) November 4, 2016
You can pick up two patches for $15 and all proceeds go to the Gordie Howe Foundation which aims to help less fortunate children.
You can get the patches at Hockeytown Authentics on Big Beaver Rd. and John R. Rd. in Troy or at the team store at Joe Louis Arena.
The Redskins are taking the next step in their negotiations with Kirk Cousins.
Explaining the tag
» The exclusive franchise tag is a one-year tender offer to a player for an amount no less than the average of the top five salaries at the player's position, or 120 percent of the player's previous salary, whichever is greater. The player's team has all negotiating rights to the player.
» The non-exclusive franchise tag is a one-year tender offer determined through a more complicated process. First, the average of the top-five salaries at the position over the last five years is calculated. Next, the percentage against the cap for each of those five seasons is averaged out and applied toward the current season cap to determine the offer amount. The player can negotiate with other teams. The player's current team has the right to match any offer, or receive two first-round picks as compensation.
» The transition tag is a one-year tender offer to a player for an amount that is the average of the top 10 salaries at the position and is calculated using the same formula as the non-exclusive franchise tag number. It guarantees the original club the right of first refusal to match any offer the player may receive from another team. The transition tag can only be used if the franchise tag is not used by a team in that year. Transition tags can be rescinded, but teams that rescind a transition tag cannot use it again until next season.
NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported Friday that the Redskins are considering the use of the transition tag on the quarterback, according to sources informed of their thinking.
Additionally, Rapoport added the Redskins are "keeping all options open" on the matter. The team has not ruled out tagging and trading Cousins, according to sources.
ESPN's Adam Schefter first reported the development.
The transition tag is a one-year tender offer that is the average of the top 10 salaries at the position. It guarantees the original club the right of first refusal to match any offer the player may receive from another team.
If the Redskins used their exclusive franchise tag, it would act as a one-year tender offer for no less than the average of the top five salaries at the player's position, or 120 percent of the player's previous salary, whichever is greater.
Most crucially, the exclusive franchise tag gives the team all negotiating rights to the player. The deadline for applying the tag is March 1.
Will the Redskins actually consider parting ways with Cousins? It appears to be at least in the realm of possibility, but still consider it a surprise if Washington willfully separates from a potential franchise quarterback just entering his prime.
Yes! Unfortunately pornography has a foothold in both the Islamic and non-islamic worlds. Western society is well known for its blatant promotion of the pornographical industry, and it has never hidden the rampant pornography consumption that is prevalent within its developed countries. But the consumption of pornography in Islamic countries has seemingly flown under the …
Yes!
Unfortunately pornography has a foothold in both the Islamic and non-islamic worlds. Western society is well known for its blatant promotion of the pornographical industry, and it has never hidden the rampant pornography consumption that is prevalent within its developed countries. But the consumption of pornography in Islamic countries has seemingly flown under the radar, with the Islamic community leaders either unaware of, or turning a blind eye to the issue.
Many experts are of the opinion that the pornography addiction topic is well known by the Imams in western countries, but it is an area they dare not enter into out of fear of providing acknowledgement of the issue. They would rather pretend that none of the muslims in their area suffers from a pornography addiction, and that the problem just isnt a concern. The acknowledgement of the situation is even worse in Islamic nations, with experts having knowledge of the issue also remaining silent on the sidelines.
Pornography is an issue that the Islamic states need to deal with immediately, as figures show that consumption may already be spiralling out of control. Google recently released data detailing where the most sex related term searches were originating from, and muslim nation Pakistan came in at first place. For those who think that Pakistan may just be a blip on the radar, think again. Muslim states actually held 6 of the top 8 positions for searchers intending to seek access to sex related sites. The complete top 10 were:
1. Pakistan
2. Egypt
3. Vietnam
4. Iran
5. Morocco
6. India
7. Saudi Arabia
8. Turkey
9. Phillipines
10. Poland
Even more disgusting were the statistics for various animal sex terms, where Pakistan once again led the field across most areas. A suggestion for them to rename their nation as Pornistan would not be out of the question, as they were the country that produced the most searches for sexual terms for the animals pigs, donkeys, dogs, cats, horses, cows, goats, snakes, monkeys, bears, elephants, and the generic term animal.
Saudi Arabia was the only country to generate more searches than Pornistan for an animal, coming in at position 1 for ‘fox sex'. They also finished second or third for a good number of the abovementioned animal terms. Other muslim countries to register top 5 positions for those terms were, in order of prominence, Iran, Egypt, Malaysia, Indonesia, Turkey, Morocco and the UAE.
Other interesting statistics were Turkey ranking number 2 for ‘child porn', and arabic being the language used 2nd most for searches for ‘gay man', ‘gay sex', and ‘gay girl'. Egypt led the pack when it came to ‘fat sex' and ‘bird sex', Indonesia was first for ‘homo sex', and Saudi Arabia up front, or should I say back, for ‘ass sex'. Pornistan also led the searches for the terms ‘children sex', ‘sexy child', ‘sexy children', and ‘rape'.
The fact that muslim countries dominate the list for pornography searches is alarming in itself, but when you add in the data for the child, animal and homosexual sex searches, it paints quite a disgusting picture of the state of the islamic world. Statistically a large number of pornography seekers confess to having an addiction problem, which means that pornography addiction is currently a massive problem within our muslim ummah.
Christians surveyed on the pornography issue state that it is a major problem in the home for 47% of them, and based on the above statistics we can assume that the figure is even higher in muslim homes. Unfortunately religion does not appear to be a barrier to pornography access, as can be seen in the figures that show Iran visits the most pornographic sites on the Shiite's Ashura Day. Furthermore, another study in Saudi Arabia focusing on teenagers mobile phones showed that up to 70% of files exchanged between phones contained pornography.
Pornography addiction is an issue which can no longer be brushed aside by the muslim community. Many muslims are suffering from this problem and need assistance. If the community continues to deny there is a problem, it makes it harder for them to admit their isuues and seek help. Fortunately there are some muslims tackling the issue over the internet, with much pornography addiction programs available. One of the best programs available today is Purify Your Gaze by Zeyad Ramadan. If you are suffering from, or know someone who has a pornography addiction then please visit the Purify Your Gaze website to start on the road towards breaking your pornography addiction permanently Insha Allah.
Bob Chapman | January 31, 2009
The US and Israel are on parallel paths. Each is now a base of operations for the Illuminati, and each will be discarded as a nation-state entity once their usefulness to the cause of the New World Disorder has been served, or at least that is the plan. Our nations have become a den of vipers. The corruption lies not with the common folk, but with their bought-and-paid-for or compromised leadership, while the common folk are kept in the dark by a corrupt media that is owned and controlled exclusively by the Illuminati.
Both the US and Israel have created the best enemies that money can buy, because the objective is to cause as much bloodshed and destruction as possible, for as long as possible, in order to provide fun and profits for the benefit of their respective military-industrial complexes. After all, you need a scapegoat on which to blame the destruction and loss of life that is necessary to rake in trillions of dollars in war profits, to implement genocides and population control agendas, to exert your political will, to rob other nations of their resources and to satisfy the limitless bloodlust of the satanic, megalomaniacal, trillionaire sociopaths who run the shadow governments in both the US and Israel.
The Illuminati, however, have conspired to achieve their objectives while simultaneously preventing the US and Israel from becoming too powerful, prosperous and independent to want to surrender their sovereignty in favor of world government. After all, why would the people of any free and prosperous nation with superior military and economic prowess on a global basis ever succumb to a one-world, Marxist-fascistic, Orwellian police state of feudality? That is why our respective militaries have been forced to suffer nothing but losses, stalemates and incomplete victories since the end of WWII. This process of implementing wars for profit without achieving too much military power and economic independence has been achieved by hamstringing US and Israeli military operations with incomplete or scaled-back objectives, moronic rules of engagement, insufficient manpower and equipment and implementation of defective military strategies which ensure that operations will devolve into a complete cluster-f--k, thus always snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.
Why did Roosevelt provoke the Japanese, and allow them to destroy our battleships in Pearl Harbor, while the carriers were conveniently on maneuvers off shore? Was because he was worried the Japanese might find out we had broken their code, or was it to hamstring our navy to make sure the war would drag on in the Pacific for years to ensure that the Illuminist military-industrial complex made mega-profits and took us out of the Depression which the Illuminists themselves had caused? Couldn't we have prevented the attack, saved several thousand lives and used the old ships until the new ones were built, and still have beaten the snots out of the Japanese? Did Admiral Kimmel have to be disgraced? Why did we ship defective weapons to nationalist forces in China, thus allowing the communist forces to take over after WWII? Why was General Patton assassinated by our own military when he sought to push the soviets back to their own borders, and why did we then set communist Russia up with a new kingdom in the Yalta sellout of Eastern Europe? Why did we abandon the Hungarian freedom fighters at the last second in 1956 and allow the communists in Soviet Russia to slaughter them? Why did we not bomb the Chinese troops in North Korea for a sure victory as desired by General MacArthur, who was later disgraced by the evil Illuminist puppet, Harry Truman, instead settling for a division of Korea into North and South sectors by a demilitarized zone which we still occupy to this day? Why did we cut short the TET Offensive in Vietnam, which would have brought us to a complete victory according to the leading North Vietnamese General who admitted he and his troops would have been done for, thus settling for a later loss instead after a long, bloody and expensive war? Why did we stop short of taking Baghdad in the First Gulf War? Was it because we were winning too speedily with too few casualties for the Illuminists to make their usual gargantuan war profits? Was there not enough bloodshed to quench their thirst the Illuminati's thirst for blood? Why did we use depleted uranium in both Gulf Wars so as to sicken and kill our own troops? Was it to make the medical and pharmaceutical industries flush with cash and to cut pensions short, thus saving hundreds of billions of dollars? Was it to reduce the number of patriotic veterans who might violently object to the implementation of world government? Why did it take more time to beat a bunch of rag-head terrorists in Iraq and Afghanistan numbering in the mere tens of thousands than it took to win WWII? Why did we use a small fraction of the number of troops recommended by our senior military commanders for the so-called War on Terror? Why were our troops continually ill-equipped and running excessively long tours of duty? Was it because we wanted to extend the war and wear out our military in order to reduce the number of US troops, and the potential for objection to world government by our patriotic veterans, by replacing them with mercenary killers who could care less? Why did we cause a civil war on top of the war to remove Saddam, due to the supposed errors in judgment that were made in our strategies for conquest? Was it to extend the war while channeling hundreds of billions to Illuminist contractors and mercenaries via no-bid contracts? Why did Clinton give our nuclear secrets to the Chinese? Are you beginning to get the picture?
In 1947 to 1948, Israel was sold out by Britain as it gave up possession of Palestine, which left them with indefensible borders and a country less than ten miles wide in some sections, thereby ensuring continual conflict with the Arabs. This vicious redrawing of borders to foment conflict is something the British Black Nobility are experts at after centuries of practice. They thought that the Arabs would destroy Israel which was becoming a thorn in their side because they wanted a piece of the Middle East oil action, and Israel was putting a crimp in their plans. But then Israel won miraculously in the face of an overwhelming attack by several Arab nations simultaneously, and Truman saw his chance to use Israel to gain a foothold in the Middle East, a base of operations for Illuminists of the US faction. Incidentally, Britain lost virtually its entire empire after screwing Israel, a nice bit of poetic justice and divine retribution for their treachery. But Israel did not press its advantage, winning by simply surviving, in its first war with the surrounding Arab states. Many of the Palestinians left the Palestinian territories bordering on Israel during this conflict, thinking that Israel would be easily defeated and that they would get to take over all the Israeli lands, as well as get their own back. Their desire to get this abandoned land back is the basis for the so-called "right of return." Frankly, in attacking Israel, the Arabs forfeited their rights to their own lands by failing to respect Israel's borders, as did the Palestinians by cooperating in the war to destroy Israel. The surrounding Arab states could and should have taken all the displaced Palestinians in, but instead left a good portion of them along Israel's new occupied lands as a hemorrhoid for Israel to deal with, allowing their Arab brethren to live in poverty and squalor rather than take them in after telling them to leave and then losing the war. They use the Palestinian territories as a base from which they can terrorize Israel and eventually destroy them. They have no intention of giving Israel peace, but instead want to take them apart piece by piece via the corrupt Oslo process and the so-called Roadmap to Peace, which should be termed the Roadmap to Israel's Destruction.
In its 1967 Six Day War, which was a preemptive strike by Israel in an act of self-preservation against Arab states massing troops along its miniscule borders, Israel could have been more aggressive, but they pulled back and started negotiating with the Arabs after less than a week of fighting, when they could have extended their borders and made them more defensible. Why? Was it because the US insisted to protect its US oil interests with the Arabs? Was it because, in any case, the US Illuminists did not want Israel to become too powerful and extend their borders too far, because they wanted to destroy Israel when they had finished using it as a base of operations for Middle East conquest? Why did the US withhold aid from Israel in the 1973 Yom Kippur War until it was almost too late, thereby almost destroying Israel in the process? Was it because Kissinger, Nixon's Secretary of State, wanted to bloody Israel's nose to show them who was boss, and that they had better do as they were told, or else? Why, after Israel blew through Lebanon in the First Lebanon War and surrounded Arafat and his PLO, did they allow him to escape to Libya? Why did they tolerate the PLO for so many years when they could have easily eliminated them? Why did they allow Hamas to be eligible for elective office when they are sworn to the destruction of Israel? In the second Lebanon War, why did they use a tiny fraction of the forces used in the First Lebanon War against an enemy that was far more entrenched and dug in than in the first war? Was it because they were not supposed to win at the insistence of the US? Were they told to keep Hezbollah in place to keep fomenting terror and trouble, thus generating profits for the US and Israeli military-industrial complexes? Why does the US fund Saudi Arabia which then funds Hamas' operations? Is it not convenient for oil companies to have an excuse to gouge consumers every time the Middle East ignites in conflict? Is not the whole peace process just a way to dismantle Israel after US and Israeli Illuminists are finished with it? You better believe it!!! Are you starting to get the picture again?
The fact that the US is the top-ranked military power in the world, and that the Israeli military is the top-ranked military in the Middle East, is no coincidence. Israel, of course, derives much of its strength from money and aid provided by the US, and it is, in essence, a satellite base for the Illuminist operation to create a region of oil hegemony in the Middle East where oil is the cheapest, and therefore the most profitable, to extract. Additionally, the control of this crucial resource provides great political clout and the opportunity for economic extortion in the great play for power. Russia is currently doing something similar with natural gas. Once the Illuminati have control of the world's most prolific and profitable oil supply, they can use it to force other nations, as well as their own people, to accept one-world government by turning off the taps, by driving the price up to extortionate levels or by driving the price down to levels that are economically unsustainable for competing nations who would prefer to pass on a one-world system.
In addition to the manufactured wars for profit and the attempt to put a stranglehold on critical commodities and other resources, is the Illuminist economic destruction agenda which is being played out right before your eyes in the US and around the world. This destruction was brought about by the intentional creation of a conspiratorial daisy chain of fraud throughout the mortgage and consumer loan industries via derivatives traded in the unregulated OTC derivatives market, accompanied by intentional regulatory failures by the Fed and the elitist bootlickers in our government along with legislative machinations that opened the Pandora's Box previously closed and locked by Glass-Steagall, AND NOT BY UNINTENTIONAL MISCALCULATIONS OR ERRORS IN JUDGMENT --- THEY KNEW EXACTLY WHAT THEY WERE DOING!!!
During Netflix's (NASDAQ:NFLX) third-quarter earnings call, Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos was asked if Netflix is contemplating a move into news programming in order to compete with recent programming picked up by HBO. Sarandos dodged the question at first, but CEO Reed Hastings sat waiting to get a word in.
"What's the likelihood that we compete directly with VICE in the next two years?" Hastings asked Sarandos.
"Probably high," Sarandos responded.
It seems Hastings wants everyone to know that Netflix will compete in just about every programming vertical, even though Sarandos might want to keep that information away from competitors.
With the addition of the Chelsea Handler talk show starting next year, Netflix is moving beyond the long-shelf-life content it started with in original programming. Does news content make sense for Netflix?
Big hits for HBO
Time Warner's (NYSE:TWX.DL) HBO started working with VICE in 2013, launching a documentary series about global political and cultural topics. The series won an Emmy award for Outstanding Informational Series or Special for its second season. This kind of programming generally has a longer shelf life, which is why it could fit in Netflix's arsenal.
HBO also has Real Time with Bill Maher, a weekly talk show about politics featuring a panel of guests and host Bill Maher. The show has been on for 13 seasons, and this is the kind of hit Netflix is looking for with the upcoming Chelsea Handler production.
HBO's latest foray into news is Last Week Tonight with John Oliver. After poaching the Daily Show correspondent from Comedy Central, Last Week Tonight has received four Emmy nominations, winning one. This is another kind of programming with a longer shelf life than simple news reporting that Netflix may be interested in.
Starting next year, however, HBO will make its biggest bet on news programming yet. It's working with VICE to produce a daily half-hour news show. It's not clear if Hastings was referring to this daily programming or VICE's documentary-type work with HBO in his question to Sarandos.
The way we consume news is changing
News on Netflix may work because the way we consume news is rapidly changing. Gone are the days where we wait around for the nightly news broadcast. If we want to find out what's going on in the world, we open up a web browser or a social media app. We get our news on demand just like we get our Netflix shows.
With that in mind, a weekly or nightly Netflix program focused on news could fit perfectly into the new news consumption paradigm. As more people get their news from the Internet, Netflix could be just one more site to check for information and commentary.
But why bother?
Producing a hit news program isn't easy. If it were, more people would watch CNN. It costs a lot of money to produce a show good enough for a significant number of people to watch, so the margins on news programming are generally pretty thin.
But Netflix doesn't have to make money on news programming. It could be used as a tool to get viewers to come back to Netflix every day and find something else to watch. That could reinforce the value of its service with customers and reduce churn. It could also enable it to raise its prices further after two price hikes in the last 18 months.
For some, news programming could convince them that Netflix is a viable alternative to cable. That could help spur more growth in the U.S. where Netflix just reported lower-than-expected subscriber growth. Netflix is becoming increasingly saturated in the U.S., so finding new ways to grow is key to keeping investors happy. They weren't so happy with the company's third-quarter results, sending the stock down 10%.
Overall, it's worth a shot for Netflix to explore news programming, especially if the upcoming Chelsea Handler show proves popular. If Netflix renews that show and announces the development of similar shows or news programs, it's a good sign that it could see positive results from going after VICE and HBO.
When players come to Ottawa, Senators GM Bryan Murray says, they're treated well. He cited forward Milan Michalek, who re-signed on Tuesday for three years and $12 million US. "He had a deal with much more money and two years longer than he took in Ottawa. I called him today, we talked, he loves it her. He thinks we have a really competitive team," Murray says.
Beginning of Story Content
Jason Spezza left the Ottawa Senators because he wanted to win and the Senators haven't done a lot of that since their magical run to the Stanley Cup final in 2006-07.
Ottawa Senators general manager Bryan Murray heard the scrutiny about his team from the panel-type television broadcasts on Tuesday. But he wasn't buying the breakdown from the experts that Ottawa was no longer a desirable address for NHL players because the owner Eugene Melnyk doesn't spend.
Murray didn't like the talk. He became defensive.
"I hear the comments that we don't spend," the 71-year-old GM said. "I, just so you know, offered Jason [Spezza] an extension and they said they weren't interested. Whether it's because he didn't think we had enough around him or what.
"I've never had one player that I've called and asked if they want to come to Ottawa say, 'no I'm worried about the money on your team.' Perception is what you make it to be and what you believe to be true. I think players know they come here and they're treated well.
"Milan Michalek [who re-signed for three more years at $4 million US a season on Tuesday] is an example. He had a deal with much more money and two years longer than he took in Ottawa. I called him today, we talked, he loves it her. He thinks we have a really competitive team.
"I told him Spezz was moving on and he said, 'That's fine, there's another centre I can play with for sure,' and he signed the contract. He took a deal that was, as I said, a hometown discount. I guess in the eyes of some players this is not the place to be, in the eyes of a lot of players it is the place to be. Players find out about Ottawa and how we operate and usually respect it a great deal."
Sure some players chase money. Just look at some of the players the Florida Panthers, Washington Capitals, Calgary Flames and Edmonton Oilers lured on the first day of free agency.
Depth moves
Did you notice that three of the top teams in the Los Angeles Kings, Anaheim Ducks and Chicago Blackhawks weren't that active? The Kings made a couple of depth moves. The Ducks filled their void at second-line centre last week with the trade for Ryan Kesler. The Blackhawks acquired a much-needed centre in Brad Richards for a bargain-basement price.
Most players want to win. That's why Kesler asked to be traded from the Vancouver Canucks. That's why Spezza wanted to be moved from Ottawa. Spezza is 31 and Kesler is 29. They feel their time is running out. Spezza was sick and tired of being the fall guy in Ottawa.
He also was sick and tired of losing. There were good times in Ottawa. The Senators went to the 2007 Stanley Cup final, only to lose in five games to Chris Pronger and the Ducks. In the seven seasons since that magical season, the Senators have won only one playoff series - in the lockout-shortened season of 2013 - and have missed the playoffs three times.
So Dany Heatley wanted out after the 2008-09 season. Then it was captain Daniel Alfredsson last summer, and now captain Spezza has fled.
"They have a lot of good young pieces," Spezza said. "I felt it was in my best interests, and mutually for the team, to have moved me on. It would help me take another step forward in my career.
"It wasn't something that came to me easily. You always analyze these things at the end of the season and during different points, but it was something I felt I needed a chance to try something else and move on."
Murray feels his team is close. That's debatable. But he needs to mold his team into a winner through the draft, through smart trades and through a smart signing or two.
Mixed results
The trade for Kyle Turris was a smart move. The Ben Bishop for Cory Conacher was not. The signing of Clarke MacArthur, who scored 24 goals this past season (second behind Turris's 26) was a good signing.
The jury still is out on Bobby Ryan, who dipped to 23 goals in his first season in Ottawa after he began his NHL career with four consecutive 30-or-more goal seasons with Anaheim.
If Ryan can return to form and ditto for defenceman Marc Methot, and goalies Craig Anderson and Robin Lehner, the Senators will be in the thick of the playoff race. Forward Alex Chiasson, one of the players acquired in the Spezza deal with the Dallas Stars is capable, too.
They still have Erik Karlsson and Michalek and young players like Mark Stone, Mika Zibanejad, Mark Boroiewcki and possibly junior prospects Curtis Lazar, Matt Puempel and Shane Prince.
"Obviously, we put the C on the wrong people here," Murray joked. "No, I don't know. It's disappointing when you lose good people and it's perceived as something that's negative to the team and the town.
"I think Alfie, and maybe it was totally that, he wanted to try another team. Maybe for Jason it's totally that. All he said to me today when I talked to him was, 'after 11 years, Bryan, I think it's good for the team and it's good for me to try something different.'"
In Ottawa, like other NHL stops, the bottom line is not spending, it's winning.
End of Story Content
Correction: An earlier version of this article misidentified the newspaper affiliated with the Falun Gong movement as the Global Times. It is the Epoch Times. This version has been corrected.
Jakarta, Java, INDONESIA: A Falungong activist (R) displays a placard during an anti-China demonstration in front of the Chinese embassy in Jakarta, 30 May 2007. (Photo credit should read BAY ISMOYO/AFP/Getty Images)
Four years ago, shortly after Indonesian followers of China's banned Falun Gong movement set up a radio station here, Beijing's embassy in Jakarta sent a stern letter to Indonesia's government.
Denouncing what it called an “evil cult” and a “tool for overseas anti-China forces,” the embassy urged Indonesia to pay “close attention to the matter” and “take measures” to halt the radio broadcasts so as to avoid upsetting relations with Beijing.
Gatot Machali, the director of the station, got a leaked copy of the letter and laughed off China's demand. “It was ridiculous,” he recalled.
Today, the 51-year-old Falun Gong devotee is on trial for illegal broadcasting, the climax of a long campaign by Indonesian authorities to shut down Erabaru Radio, an unlicensed station that mixes pop music, news and fervent hostility to China's ruling Communist Party.
The tiny station — still on the air despite a police raid on its studios, years of legal battles and the confiscation of transmitting equipment — stands at the center of some very big questions: How will a rising, authoritarian China use its clout, and how will other nations, particularly democracies including Indonesia, respond?
Falun Gong practitioners play instruments during a protest in front of the Chinese Embassy Saturday, Aug. 14, 2010 in Jakarta, Indonesia. (AP Photo/Achmad Ibrahim)
At a sentencing hearing last month in Batam, an Indonesian island near Singapore, the prosecutor asked a panel of three judges to offer Machali a deal: He pays a modest fine of $5,800, gets a year's probation and stays out of jail — so long as he abides by the law and stops what authorities view as unlawful broadcasting.
Media advocacy groups in Indonesia and abroad accuse Jakarta of bowing to Chinese pressure. Indonesian officials deny this. “We have not been influenced in any way,” said Agnes Widiyanti, director of broadcasting at the Communications Ministry.
When China first demanded that Erabaru, or New Era, be shut down, however, Indonesia's Home Affairs Ministry and other government departments held an urgent meeting to review and apparently endorse Chinese concerns, according to an official document presented in court last year during a separate legal action.
The document, prepared by lawyers for the Home Affairs Ministry's national unity and politics directorate, noted that Machali's radio station “may disturb — make less harmonious — relations between Indonesia and China.” As a result, the directorate's lawyers reported, authorities “have not given a broadcast license to Falun Gong in Batam or in any other area.”
Widiyanti said she was not aware of those deliberations.
The Chinese Embassy in Jakarta declined to comment on its protests, saying it could not discuss “internal documents.” Spokesman Hua Ning said that China “respects measures taken by Indonesia in accordance with the law” against the Falun Gong broadcaster.
Beijing often puts pressure on foreign governments and organizations to curb activities it doesn't like, a trend that has accelerated in tandem with an increase in China's economic and diplomatic muscle. Targets for Chinese ire have ranged from a film festival in Australia showing a movie that annoyed Beijing; the Frankfurt book fair, which invited — and then disinvited — authors Beijing objected to; and the Nobel Peace Prize committee, which in December honored jailed dissident Liu Xiaobo.
But it is Falun Gong — a jumble of folk Buddhism, Taoism, breathing exercises and fierce anti-communism — that has most aggravated Beijing, particularly since an incident in 2006 when a devotee heckled President Hu Jintao on the South Lawn of the White House.
The Paris-based group Reporters Without Borders recently reported that China had “successfully pressured” Vietnam to detain two Falun Gong members who ran an unauthorized shortwave radio station.
Many overseas followers
Falun Gong has been proscribed in China since 1999 and largely uprooted there through harsh repression. But it has built an extensive network of followers overseas. Its reclusive founder, Li Hongzhi, now lives in self-imposed exile in New York. Unlike exiled Chinese democracy campaigners, who have mostly faded into obscurity or become mired in infighting, Li and his supporters have formed a highly organized, disciplined and mysteriously well-funded movement.
The organization's deep pockets help fund a media empire including New Tang Dynasty Television, a satellite broadcaster; a newspaper, the Epoch Times; and the Sound of Hope radio, which is affiliated with Machali's station in Batam.
In its letter of protest, the Chinese Embassy asserted that Falun Gong headquarters in the United States ordered followers in Indonesia to use Batam as a broadcasting base to “fulfill their plots” in Southeast Asia. The movement, it said, has a “growing tendency toward violence and terrorism.”
Falun Gong has no record of terrorism and denied taking instructions or money from overseas. Machali said he and two other Indonesians founded the station on their own initiative and with their own cash. It operates from a hilltop villa purchased by one of the founders, a businessman. Revenue from advertising is thin, but the station still employs seven full-time staff members.
A civil engineer who also runs a small construction company, Machali said he's put about $11,000 of his money into the venture. He is also the head of the Indonesian branch of Falun Gong, which had its application for formal registration rejected but hasn't been banned.
Erabaru Radio broadcasts largely in Chinese, which is incomprehensible to most Indonesians, including Machali, but is understood by Batam's community of ethnic Chinese and residents of nearby Singapore. Much of its daily programming avoids politics, but its news reports sometimes feature reports on Chinese repression of Falun Gong activists and others. It has also broadcast the group's “Nine Commentaries,” a lengthy denunciation of the Chinese Communist Party.
“If we just broadcast Falun Gong stuff all the time, it gets boring,” said Raymond Tan, one of the founders.
Determined to broadcast
Machali, the man on trial, said he never had much interest in China until he stumbled across a Falun Gong meeting in 2001. An immediate convert, he started doing breathing exercises, gave up booze, dumped his mistresses and stopped paying bribes. He also embraced the movement's loathing for Chinese leaders, whom he now calls “evil thugs.”
When the station first applied for a license in 2007, it got a preliminary thumbs-up from the Batam arm of the Indonesia Broadcasting Commission. But after Chinese diplomats protested, officials in Jakarta rejected the application.
Widiyanti, the broadcast chief, said Erabaru Radio lost out to other stations because it broadcasts largely in Chinese, in violation of Indonesian law.
Erabaru paid no heed and kept on broadcasting. Fed up with the defiance, authorities raided its studios last year. Erabaru shut down for six days and then started up again.
Tempo, Indonesia's leading newsmagazine, and newspapers have protested China's role, as has a vice president of the European Parliament. That official, Edward McMillan-Scott, wrote to the Indonesian president that he was “deeply troubled” that China, a country “with such a poor human rights record could lobby and influence the Indonesian government to close down its own free domestic media.”
The Albino Rhino – iconic ale of Earls restaurant fame – is now officially extinct.
The rhyme was catchy. But according to a B.C. woman with albinism, it was discriminatory, CBC.ca reports.
Ikponwosa Ero, who was born in Nigeria, filed a complaint with the B.C. Human Rights Tribunal last year, saying the marketing of Earls' Albino line capitalized on the notion of albinism as an oddity.
Story continues below advertisement
Earl has announced it will drop its 25-year-old Albino Rhino brand (a reference to the endangered white rhinoceros) and replace it simply with Rhino.
"I'm happy for Earls," Ero said. "I think they eventually did the responsible thing and have created a good example."
After all, she asked a Vancouver Sun reporter, would a restaurant offer "an Alzheimer's appetizer or a Down syndrome daiquiri?"
Albinism affects one in 18,000 North Americans, but in some regions of Africa, it affects up to one in 1,500 people. Many people with albinism are legally blind.
In Africa, people with the genetic condition are targets of attack because of folk rituals associating consumption of the limbs of albinos with prosperity. More than 100 albinos in Tanzania were attacked between 2006 and June of last year – of which 71 died, NPR reports.
Ero says it was "undignifying" of Earls "to take a medical condition that basically almost defines peoples' lives and use it to sell food products."
The Albino Rhino joins a growing list of alcoholic beverages whose names have been deemed too offensive for public consumption.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In Ontario, the Torontoist points out, regulators have banned Smash Bomb Atomic IPA (for sounding too smashed), Belgium's Delirium Tremens pale ale (for poking fun at alcohol withdrawal) and Dan Aykroyd's Crystal Head Vodka (deemed offensive to customers who have lost loved ones in alcohol-related deaths).
So much for edgy marketing.
A statement on the Earls website indicates the chain does not share Ero's point of view. "We do not believe the use of the word 'albino' reflects any intention to discriminate against persons with albinism," it says. Nevertheless, Earls menus will reflect the name change by April 24.
But Ero said that anyone thinking the Albino Rhino case is an example of political correctness run amok should talk to someone born with the condition. Albinos, she says, are even asked if they are vampires or have superpowers.
"Most people have learned about [albinism] from pop culture," she said. "It's grossly exaggerated and grossly wrong."
