Rolly Robinson is a bold new name embodying an exciting age of emerging makeup artistry, unburdened by traditional limits. His Instagram is a wonderland of eclectic costumes and phantasmagorical creations.
In this arresting film about Robinson, More is More, the artist defines his work by simply saying, “it's my way of living in those dreams that I have.” We sat down with him to find out more about the magical world of Rolly Robinson.
We love what you're doing. It's so expressive and avant-garde. How did this all start for you?
It all started when I was a kid. I saw the world from a completely different angle than everyone else I knew. My parents basically let me watch whatever I wanted and I wasn't restricted from playing with certain toys. What I loved most about my childhood was that I could just be.
My mom, who is my everything, is who I really thank the most for the influence in my life. My craft began in illustration when I was just 3 years old, and as I got older, I branched out. The best thing about being a creative is that one can do anything.
How did this amazing film More is More come about?
Alexis Boling, who directed the film, shot me a year prior for a series of makeup transformation videos called, Extreme Beauty. After I left my job we stayed in touch and he presented this immaculate idea to me. Needless to say, I agreed to it over a dumpling dinner in China Town. To this day, it's all I could have ever asked for. Maura McNamara, the producer of the film, who I met that night at dinner was just as excited as I was, and from there we just went for it. I love the both of them so much. They're basically my family at this point.
We recently featured the exciting work of another makeup talent Isamaya Ffrench, it seems there is a little mini revolution going on with makeup. Do you think this signals a shift in how people are expressing themselves?
To be mentioned in the same context as Isamaya Ffrench is an honor within itself, I really LOVE what she's doing, and she just so happens to be my favorite makeup artist. There is totally a mini revolution in the makeup world. I'm really proud and happy to be involved in it, and it's exciting to see just how progressive we have become. Makeup artistry has evolved exponentially into this über phenomenon, and I think it's really making a difference.
You say, “I think about the entire presentation of everything.” Walk us through an average day in the life of Rolando.
A day in the life of Rolly? Haha, I'd like to see someone try. When I have a project on my hands, I tend to think of my concept by styling an outfit first or by conceptualizing headpiece ideas. The makeup usually comes after. Some of the things I make can take a few hours or a few weeks to complete. I remember when we were shooting More Is More on the last day of the project, I had been awake for 48 hours straight due to filming and pulling an all-nighter to create my headpieces and props for the shoot that day. It was intense, and so typical of me to do.
Makeup usually takes about 4 hours to complete. I love listening to music, and smoking to loosen up and get my juices flowing. It's always nice to heighten that sense of imagination too. I don't really go out nowadays. Going out for me is going to a press event, or meeting a friend at a bar, or grabbing some night-time tea with my boyfriend. As far as partying, I'm not that person anymore. I stay home mainly because the New York scene is tired, and the music doesn't impress me.
We get a strong sense of Leigh Bowery in your work, what other inspirations and influences are big for you, music, art etc.?
I don't really turn to anyone as a reference or source of inspiration in that way. I have my own look and aesthetic. I'm inspired by things and moments in time such as Japanese culture, nature, and the essence of '70s glamour. Music is also a huge part of my work and life in general. It gives me a mood, a feeling. Having a soundtrack to what I'm doing enables me to evoke a lot of emotion into the final look. I love fantasy and things that aren't technically real, so cartoons are a huge part of that inspiration too. The way they are stylized or the usage of color is really cute to me. Although I have a full roster of people I admire and works of theirs I love, I'm separate from them.
User Experience Conference Website There's more than my course at an NN/g conference. You'll find a breadth of other specialized courses and networking opportunities that will put you and your company at the leading edge of the design curve.
Interaction Design course: Go from zero to interaction designer in just three days. You may be coming in cold from engineering or graphic design. You may already be an interaction designer wanting to "fills in the blanks," establishing a more solid theoretical and practical base. I've aimed this course at all of you, covering the needs of both individual contributors and managers. Join me as I teach the Apple method and show you how to not only organize for and come up with successful designs, but sell them to engineering and upper management. It's intensive, yes: A one-semester-equivalent with a strong, real-world bias. However, we have a lot of fun along the way, and you'll leave having worked with a team to design and build a complete project, so you will have not only learned, but experienced everything taught.
Even if it is intuitive, it's inefficient once a search method is learned (easy) so should we build interfaces that support the lazy inefficient approach or should we steer users directly to a search box?
Why does Apple give us list view as the starting point in Contacts (iPhone), not a big fat search box? In Lion and iOS the quickest way to find an app is to hit the Spotlight Search and start typing, yet they give us massive lists to browse?
Debating with a friend of mine why on earth we seem to want to browse or scroll long lists to find something when typing into a search box is so much more efficient.
All Weekend Long
Now through Sunday: Enjoy Downtown Norfolk Restaurant Week.
Thursday through Sunday and beyond: See A Streetcar Named Desire at the historic Wells Theatre.
Friday through Sunday: See some big trucks do some big damage at Monster Jam at the Hampton Coliseum.
Friday through Sunday: Head to the Princess Anne Recreational center for the Winter Wildlife Festival 2017.
Friday through Sunday: Plan your perfect retirement at the Tidewater RV Show.
Friday through Sunday and beyond: Go underground with the Generic Theatre for The Motherf**ker With The Hat.
Friday through Sunday and beyond: Grab your ticket for The Farnsworth Invention by Aaron Sorkin at the Little Theatre of Norfolk.
Friday through Sunday and beyond: Head to the Little Theatre of Virginia Beach to see Olympus On My Mind.
Thursday
4:30-9pm: Celebrate the weekend with Smartmouth during the Pixelated Commando IPA Release and Contra Game Night.
5-9pm: Pull up a seat at Benchtop Brewing during the Deschain's Delight Release.
5-10pm: Head to the Chrysler Museum of Art for Third Thursday at the Museum featuring the BJ Griffin Duo. From 8-10pm, you can head across the street for Pyrrhic Whim and artists Kimberly McKinnis and Suzanne Peterson. The Glass Studio event requires advanced reservations due to space, or you can wait in line and hope for the best.
6-8pm: Check out Ungrounded: An Art Exhibit of Work by Victor Frailing at Origin.
6-8pm: Join the Ferguson Center and CNU Reiff center for Human Rights and Conflict Resolution, in partner with The Fulbright Association for a screening of “Sahbak” (“My Friend”).
6-9pm: Hear the Above & Beyond Trio at St. George Brewing.
6-9pm: Enjoy Feral Conservatives during Out of the Box at the Sandler Center.
6:30-8:30pm: Catch Allo Hearts at Tradition Brewing.
7pm: Get In the Mood with 1940s music at The Ferguson Center.
7-9pm: Enjoy music by Adam Mish at Borjo Coffeehouse.
7-10pm: Take time to discuss the book Normal by Warren Ellis at Big Ugly Brewing during Big Ugly Tall Tales.
7:30-9pm: Head to the Zeiders American Dream Theater for The Undiscovered Musical Theater Open Mic night.
8pm-1am: Hear The Conqueroos at Doc Taylor's.
Friday
12-1pm: Enjoy music from Who We Are Not at the Slover during Slover Sounds.
4-11pm: Get leid at the Mid-Winter Luau at Tradition Brewing.
5-8pm: A girl may have no name, but this dude has two first names! Hear Tony Bob at St. George Brewing.
6-8pm: Party with Mike Lawson at Five Points Farm Market.
7-9pm: See folk singer Ian Fitzgerald at Borjo.
8pm: Party hard with Riff Raff, DJ Afterthought, Dolla Bill Gates, Owey, KH, and bigBacon&Chee at The Norva.
8pm: Catch one of the three shows of The Four Seasons this weekend at the Ferguson Center.
9-11pm: Head to the Zeiders American Dream Theater to celebrate Queen Mary's Birthday.
9-11:59pm: Party with Commonwealth Brewing and Charming Disaster for Inauguration Revelry. There are no showers in the forecast, so don't miss this golden opportunity.
9pm-2am: Enjoy Deathhouse Blues and Black Book at Charlie's.
Saturday
9am: Sign up for the 3rd Annual Cookie Classic in Chesapeake.
10am-12pm: Find empowerment through basic self-defense during Women's Self Defense Class & Empowerment Brunch at Work Release.
11am-4pm: Do you hear wedding bells calling? If so, check out the Vow Bride 17th Annual Bridal Event at the Hampton Roads Convention Center.
11:30-12:30: Join Oozlefinch Brewery for Bottoms Up Yoga with Yaz Yoga.
12- 2pm: Join the Women's March on Washington – Norfolk, VA Sister March by the Chrysler Museum of Art.
12:30-2:30pm: Head to Norfolk Karate Academy for a Free Women's Self Defense Seminar.
12-9pm: Visit Reaver Beach Brewing during the Heart of Stone Release.
1-5pm: Walk around a Wedding Wonderland at Paradise Ocean Club.
1-10pm: Enjoy your Saturday with Coelacanth Brewing during the Selfish Giant / Irish Giant Release Party. There will be live music by Glasgow Kiss.
2-4pm: Head to the Chrysler Museum for the LGBT Town Hall Law Enforcement, Rights, & Safety event.
4-7pm: Party with Potheads at St. George Brewing.
5:30pm: Join the Skywatch at Northwest River Park event in Chesapeake.
6-9pm: Enjoy an evening of Jazz with the Russell Scarborough Trio at Work Release.
6pm-10am Sunday morning: Grab your tickets for winter WonderSnooze, an overnight activity at the Virginia Zoo.
7-10pm: Check out the Slide Show Exhibition Opening at the Glass Wheel Studio.
7:30pm: If you love ska-punk, you'll want to head to The Norva for Reel Big Fish.
7:30-10:30pm: Head to Tradition Brewing to see Chisman Creek Band.
8pm: Laugh it up with Hannibal Buress at the Attucks Theatre.
8pm: Listen to the sweet songs of The Four Seasons with the Virginia Symphony Orchestra.
8-9:30pm: Wake up that funny bone during Rapid Reflections: A “Whose Line” Style Improv Show at the Push.
9-11pm: Plan B Goes on a Diet: A Sketch Comedy Show will entertain at the Zeiders American dream Theater.
9pm-2am: Enjoy Deathhouse Blues, The Real Tears, and Dream at Hook Up.
9:30pm-2am: Get UNLeashed at South Beach Grill.
10-11:30pm: Grab your tickets to Short Stack presents: Shadows of Intrigue at The Push Comedy Theater.
10pm-1am: Head to 80/20 Burger Bar for Lena and the Light with South Hill Banks.
Sunday
10-11:15am: Enjoy Oms & Ale with Zenya Yoga at Tradition Brewing.
10:30-11:30am: Find your center at Poses & Pints: Sunday Morning Yoga at O'Connor Brewing.
11am-12pm: Mermaid Winery welcomes you to Vino Vinyasa.
12:30-3:30pm: Preserve those memories during Sit, Sip, and Stamp at Big Ugly Brewing.
2:30pm: Grab your tickets for the Virginia Symphony Orchestra: The Four Seasons at the Sandler Center.
5-8pm: Sway to the rhythms of Above & Beyond Jazz at Mocha Soul Restaurant and Lounge.
5:30-8:30pm: Don't miss Princess Shaw at the TCC Roper Performing Arts Center.
Want your awesome event listed in the Reasons? Send information about your event to mermaidcitygal@gmail.com with the event date in the subject line. Links to event information online are preferable.
Facebook Comments
Just when you thought this year couldn't get any bigger, Arcade Fire went ahead and announced their return. Win Butler, Régine Chassagne, and the rest of the Montreal collective will return on October 29th with their fourth studio album, the follow-up to their Top Star-earning and Grammy Award-winning album, The Suburbs. The news was revealed on the band's Twitter account in response to a fan who tweeted, “you're my favorite.” It was accompanied by the image you see above.
Update: As the band's Facebook page points out, “the structure burning in the band photo is the Montreal Biosphere, which incidentally caught fire on May 20th, 1976.”
According to reports, the album was recorded in multiple locations over the last year, including at New Yorks DFA Studios alongside former LCD Soundsystem frontman James Murphy.
I think its going to be a really great record, actually, Murphy told Rolling Stone. Im eager to see it come out.
In December, the band previewed new material during a private concert at Breakglass Studio in Montreal. The new songs were described as dance-y and groovy, with themes rooted in the mid-19th century and African American history in the US.
Last month, Revolt TV reported that Arcade Fire would release a new song on September 9th.
I will soon reach the one-year mark of my fellowship at HMS, which seems like a fitting time to examine how effectively I have spent my time here so far. I have been a practitioner of self quantification long before the movement acquired its name, having tracked some aspect of my life since I was 16. Given the movement's growing popularity, I thought it appropriate to share some of my life hacking experiments. My approach has cyclically peaked and waned in sophistication, something that I will expound upon later in the post, but I believe that the overall trajectory of my effort has been that of increasing usefulness. Any lifestyle change, particularly one that involves compulsive tracking of one's behavior, ought to result in actionable information that is demonstrably useful and not merely be a quantitative exercise in vanity. In this post I hope to show that this can in fact be the case for self quantification.
There are two broad ways in which I use self tracking. The first and more important is as a tool to adjust my behavior in semi real-time, on the order of hours or days, to increase the efficiency and quality of my work. The second is more retrospective, where I analyze months or years worth of data, to reach conclusions about the long-term trajectory of my career and work habits. Below I will try to give examples of both.
Hours Worked
The first and simplest question to examine is the amount of time worked. Prior to the start of my tenure at HMS, and several times since, I set a target number of hours to work per day (varies depending on the day of the week). Below I plot the number of hours worked during each month of my job so far.
For a given month, the “filled up” part of the rectangle represents the number of hours worked. A white band at the top indicates the number of hours I fell short of my target, while a red band indicates the numbers of hours by which I exceeded my target. For real-time behavioral adjustment, I have similar indicators for hourly, daily, and weekly tallies, and so I am able to adjust my work ethic almost in real-time; to work harder if I've been slacking off, or take a break if I've been overworking.
Since I'm showing several months worth of data, let's take a retrospective look. So far this year I have more or less hit my target. In fact, summing the white and red bands above I find that I am off only by 5 hours or 0.3%, which is quite remarkable. The only way that I could meet a target I set almost a year ago with such frightening accuracy is because of the constant adjustments I make thanks to quantitative tracking. What is also interesting about the above picture is that the time-span of my adjustments can take months. I started off lazy, probably because I was still adjusting to the new job and to a new city, but as time went on I managed to make up for lost time and increase my efficiency. If I were to dig within a given month, I would find a similar tendency but on the timeframe of weeks. For example months 6 and 8 above look very tranquil, as if I hit my targets without skipping a beat, but digging inside reveals a very different picture:
Month 8 looks reasonably calm. I started off a little bit under, but by the last two weeks I made up for it, similar to the months-long trajectory of my overall tenure so far. Month 6 is very different though. I overworked the first two weeks (week 1 is short because it's just the weekend), crashed in week 3, and recovered in weeks 4 and 5. Lest someone laughs at the juxtaposition of “overworked” and “56 hours”, I should note that the above numbers represent hours of distilled work. Distractions like bathroom breaks, facebook/reddit, stretches, etc, are accounted for, and so in practice an “8” hour day corresponds to me being in the office for about 11 hours, and a “13” hour day corresponds to me working every waking hour of the day, including the daily bus ride. This in itself is interesting because it suggests that my efficiency, averaged over all types of work, is around 72%, something to which I will return in a bit.
A similar picture holds for hours within a day. Thus my behavioral adjustments are multi-scale, made in increments ranging from minutes to weeks, but in a basically subconscious way. I have a panel of indicators always open, and my brain internalizes what it sees and automatically adjusts.
Project-Based Analysis
Now that I know how many hours I spent working, the second obvious question is how those hours were spent. At any given day I am usually working on several projects, and I have set goals in the short-term (months) and medium-term (year+) for how my time should be distributed across these projects. Below I plot my intended targets (inside wheel) versus the actual distribution 10 months in (outside wheel). Numbers correspond to percentage of total time:
On the whole these numbers look quite good. The agreement, if you ignore the yellow and green slices for a moment, is quite notable. I must reiterate that on a day-to-day basis the actual distribution looks nothing like this. It is all very chaotic. I do set aside time on weekly and monthly bases to make sure I'm not veering too far off from track, but looking at the aggregate 10-month data for the first time, I am taken aback by how much quantitative tracking has helped me meet my targets. For reference, this is what things look like plotted as a function of time, where each time point is the weekly average for each project.
Nonetheless, what the summary distribution does show is that I blew it big time when it came to “Planning & Logistics”, on which I spent far more time than I had budgeted, and “Project 3” took the brunt of the hit. This information will be very useful to me in the coming months as I adjust my habits to correct this error. Coincidentally, when I split open the “Planning & Logistics” category, I see that a significant fraction went to one-time projects (daggered), an issue that I will come back to later:
Work Type Analysis
Another way to slice the data is by the type of work done. Below is a breakdown, averaged over the 10 months, of how my time was spent in terms of work type.
The categories are a little abstract and merit some explanation. “Thinking” involves the process of thinking/creating my own ideas, and includes actual thinking, coding, doing math, etc. “Reading” involves thinking too, but is restricted to the consumption of other people's work, and includes, beyond reading papers, attending talks, watching online lectures, etc. “Writing” similarly involves thinking, but only of the type that is restricted to turning existing thoughts into the written word. The same is true for “strategizing”, and the rest are self-explanatory.
The above is a little grim or not too bad depending on your perspective. The core set of activities required for my scientific output are just “reading” and “thinking”, and constitute 48% of my time. Thus in a prefect world free from all obligations, including that of the dissemination of my work, I would be about twice as productive. Even if one concedes that dissemination is an integral part of the scientific mission, it would bring up the total to 59%. That leaves “logistics” (emails, meetings, …), on which a depressingly large amount of time is wasted, and strategizing, which while a fun mental activity, has consumed far too much of my time.
Instead of taking a summary view, one can also plot the number of hours spent as a function of time. I have a set of interactive gadgets that allow me to visualize all sorts of things. Below, on the left, I plot the number of hours spent per month on each work type category (color coding same as before), and on the right I plot the hours spent per week just strategizing.
What's clear is that most of the strategizing was done early on, when I first began my job and had to plan a number of projects simultaneously. It was more or less an upfront, one-time investment. Nonetheless, the above picture tells me something very important that I did not know before. That despite strategizing being a one-time investment, it was such a hefty one that even 10 months later, it shows up as 14% of my total time. This is an issue that I repeatedly notice. Things that appear innocuous, for example spending a week here or there focused entirely on doing one thing and thinking “it's just a week”, can in fact throw off the balance of my work distribution for months to come. My mind is preconditioned to think that a week is not a large amount of time, at least in academia. But this type of tracking quantifies what a serious hit it is to dedicate an entire week, let alone a month, to a single task.
On the left plot one also sees two dips in thinking activity, one corresponding with a peak in reading activity and the other with a peak in logistical work. The first corresponds to a significant investment I made in learning a new mathematical method, and the second corresponds to a lot of bureaucratic work that was needed to enable students to join my group. This effort begins to bear fruit as my mentoring activity begins to grow in June, coinciding with the time when a few students joined my lab. Of course, I did not need to look at these plots to know what happened, but they do allow me to quantify the amount of time spent in each case.
Work Type Targets and Distributions
I do not generally set targets for work type allocations like I do for the projects. The only hard targets I currently have is to spend >10% of time writing, and >15% of time reading, which I have hit. This was something I struggled with tremendously before, and I only succeeded when I started tracking work type specifically.
I do however have a number of soft targets. For one, I try to do intellectually heavy work in the morning when my brain is freshest (thinking and reading), and leave the less demanding work for the evening. Below is the distribution, as a function of time of day, for each type of work.
On the right I plot all aforementioned work types except reading, and on the left I zero in on thinking, strategizing, logistics, and writing. The first revelation is that my soft target is a complete fantasy. If anything, I spend more time on logistical work earlier in the day than I do on thinking. Writing and strategizing do have slightly higher peaks earlier in the day, which is news to me. These are all previously unknown facts about my work habits that I will now work to correct. In the right plot very different patterns emerge for mentoring, which is an activity that is still very much in flux, and socializing/networking, which as expected dominates in the afternoon. Just for fun, I radially plot the information on the left above on a 24-hour clock below. I do not find this visualization very useful, but I like to constantly experiment.
Another soft target is to maximize the length of uninterrupted time for any given activity. This too can be ascertained from the data, plotted below, where I show the distribution of every work type as a function of the length of uninterrupted time spent.
This is also unfortunately somewhat depressing, as the mode occurs somewhere around the half hour line. That means most of my activities run for about half an hour before being interrupted, most likely by my losing focus. On the positive side, more mentally intensive activities, thinking, reading, and writing, cluster in a group distinct from logistics and strategizing. They have a fatter tale that extends all the way up to 6+ hours, a state of true Zen that I achieve for only 0.79% of my tasks. I do however attain a more realistic state of 3 uninterrupted hours 5.4% of the time that I am reading.
The Technology
I will end with some remarks on the software that goes into making this possible. First off I want to qualify everything by noting that by far the hardest part of self quantification is not building the tools but the lifestyle changes, the nearly OCD-like tracking of one's behavior, that I think presents the biggest obstacle to most people. Having said that, good tools make this process easier, by seamlessly integrating tracking within one's daily minute-ly habits. The success and longevity of my various efforts over the years have correlated very strongly with how well the tool in question worked. I suspect that as wearable computing begins to make a serious dent in our habits, self quantification will begin to flourish even more.
When I first started seriously tracking things as a teenager I had a very elaborate and completely custom-built system, probably in the 10k+ lines of code regime. It told me way more than I needed to know about things I could do little to change, and consumed an inordinate amount of time to maintain. As I grew older and my responsibilities increased, I found it increasingly more difficult to dedicate so much time to this effort. For a while I dropped self quantification completely.
The system I'm discussing today is built in large part on existing tools. All the raw data is stored as events in an Outlook calendar, which acts as my database (previously I used a real database). The analysis is all done in Mathematica, using custom-built code that I developed. The only “real” software engineering that I had to do was a custom-built C# DLL that maintains an active link between Outlook and Mathematica, and that allows me to track changes in Outlook in near real-time using Mathematica's Dynamic functionality. From the start, I wanted the system to be about practical utility instead of cute but useless statistics. As a result, I would only build a piece of functionality when I found myself asking the same question over and over again (e.g. how many hours did I spend on project X this week.) This has led to me having to refactor the code twice now, and probably many more times in the future, but I have found this organic approach to be far more effective than my previous (more structured) attempts.
Beyond the quantitative tracking system, I do have a large note taking and qualitative planning system, built on top of OneNote, Workflowy, and Visio. My experience here again has been of relying less and less on custom-code in favor of off-the-shelf tools. There is one feature that I would love to see built either into OneNote or Workflowy, but that is a post for a different time.
Concluding Remarks
I must admit to feeling some hesitation before writing this post, as I fear it may come across as self-indulgent. My motivation in writing it was to communicate how useful self quantification can be. It is a lifestyle change that I believe some can benefit from, and one that can reduce the chronic stress from which far too many of us suffer.
Update: Hello Hacker News!
The Zurich Chess Challenge (ZCC) is one of the major recurring international chess tournaments, combining rapid chess with classical or blitz chess. Zurich shows an exhibition type of tournament, similar at the former Amber chess tournament ambience, which explains some laxness and a comparatively brief duration of the whole event. It takes place in Zurich, Switzerland.[1] The main sponsor is Russian businessman Oleg Skvortsov.[2][3]
Winners [ edit ]
# Year Challenge winner 1 2012 Two-players match resulted with draw 2 2013 Fabiano Caruana ( Italy ) 3 2014 Magnus Carlsen ( Norway ) 4 2015 Hikaru Nakamura ( United States ) 5 2016 Hikaru Nakamura ( United States ) 6 2017 Hikaru Nakamura ( United States )
Zurich Chess Challenge 2012 [ edit ]
The Zurich Chess Challenge 2012 was a six-game chess match between Vladimir Kramnik (Russia) and Levon Aronian (Armenia) from 21 to 28 April 2012.[4][5] Each player won one game and there were four draws.
Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Total Rating change Vladimir Kramnik ( Russia ) 2801 0 ½ 1 ½ ½ ½ 3 +2 Levon Aronian ( Armenia ) 2820 1 ½ 0 ½ ½ ½ 3 −2
Zurich Chess Challenge 2013 [ edit ]
Italy's Fabiano Caruana won the Zurich Chess Challenge 2013 which took place from 23 February to 1 March 2013.[6][7][8]
No Player Rating 1 2 3 4 Points Rating change 1 Fabiano Caruana ( ITA ) 2757 X X ½ 1 ½ ½ ½ 1 4 +12 2 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 2780 ½ 0 X X ½ 1 ½ ½ 3 −1 3 Vladimir Kramnik ( RUS ) 2810 ½ ½ ½ 0 X X ½ ½ 2½ −9 4 Boris Gelfand ( ISR ) 2740 ½ 0 ½ ½ ½ ½ X X 2½ −1
Zurich Chess Challenge 2014 [ edit ]
The Zurich Chess Challenge 2014 took place from 29 January to 4 February 2014. The average rating of its participants is 2801, the highest ever at the time, and it is also the first category 23 tournament ever.[9] Magnus Carlsen won the tournament.
The opening day included five rounds of blitz to decide the draw, which was won by Carlsen. The main tournament consists of five rounds of classical chess and finally five rounds of rapid chess on the closure day.[10][11]
Blitz results [ edit ]
No Player Blitz Elo rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points SB 1 Magnus Carlsen ( NOR ) 2837 X ½ 1 0 1 ½ 3 7.25 2 Levon Aronian ( ARM ) 2863 ½ X 0 ½ 1 1 3 6.75 3 Hikaru Nakamura ( USA ) 2879 0 1 X 1 ½ 0 2½ 6.75 4 Fabiano Caruana ( ITA ) 2697 1 ½ 0 X 0 1 2½ 6 5 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 2827 0 0 ½ 1 X 1 2½ 5.25 6 Boris Gelfand ( ISR ) 2719 ½ 0 1 0 0 X 1½ 4
Classical results [ edit ]
No Player FIDE ranking Elo rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points Rating change 1 Magnus Carlsen ( NOR ) 1 2872 X ½ 1 1 ½ 1 8 +9 2 Levon Aronian ( ARM ) 2 2812 ½ X 0 1 1 ½ 6 +4 3 Fabiano Caruana ( ITA ) 6 2782 0 1 X ½ ½ ½ 5 +2 4 Hikaru Nakamura ( USA ) 3 2789 0 0 ½ X 1 ½ 4 −4 5 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 9 2773 ½ 0 ½ 0 X 1 4 −3 6 Boris Gelfand ( ISR ) 8 2777 0 ½ ½ ½ 0 X 3 −8
For games that ended in a draw in under 40 moves, a subsequent rapid game between the two players was mandatory, although these particular rapid games had no relevance to the tournament standings. Two such games were played: Gelfand–Aronian (0–1) in the third round and Gelfand–Nakamura (1–0) in the fifth round.
Rapid results [ edit ]
No Player Rapid Elo rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points Rating change 1 Fabiano Caruana ( ITA ) 2812 X 1 ½ 1 ½ 1 4 +28 2 Hikaru Nakamura ( USA ) 2826 0 X 1 ½ 1 1 3½ +15 3 Levon Aronian ( ARM ) 2770 ½ 0 X 1 ½ 1 3 +15 4 Magnus Carlsen ( NOR ) 2845 0 ½ 0 X 1 ½ 2 −18 5 Boris Gelfand ( ISR ) 2735 ½ 0 ½ 0 X ½ 1½ −10 6 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 2800 0 0 0 ½ ½ X 1 −30
Combined final results [ edit ]
The combined final score for the tournament was calculated by scoring each game in the classical competition on a 2–1–0 basis and each game in the rapid competition on a 1–½–0 basis.
Zurich Chess Challenge 2015 [ edit ]
The 2015 tournament featured Fabiano Caruana, Viswanathan Anand, Vladimir Kramnik, Levon Aronian, Sergey Karjakin and Hikaru Nakamura. The tournament was held from 13-19 February 2015 at the Hotel Savoy Baur en Ville in Zurich.[12]
A Blitz Tournament determined the colors distribution on the first day of the tournament (Friday, February 13, 2015).[13] After the opening, 5 classical games were played following by another 5 rapid games on the last day of the tournament. The rules stated that wins (2 points) and draws (1) count double for classical games, with a draw before move 40 “punished” by an extra rapid game.
Vishy Anand and Hikaru Nakamura ended up with 9 points. For determining the winner, although it was said before that the previous games between two must decide the result, they changed the rules midway and asked the players to play an armageddon game in which Hikaru Nakamura won with the black and ended up as the tournament winner.
Blitz results [ edit ]
No Player Blitz Elo rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points SB 1 Levon Aronian ( ARM ) 2777 X ½ 1 1 ½ 1 4 8.75 2 Fabiano Caruana ( ITA ) 2811 ½ X ½ ½ 1 1 3.5 6.75 3 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 2797 0 ½ X 1 1 1 3.5 5.75 4 Hikaru Nakamura ( USA ) 2776 0 ½ 0 X ½ 1 2 3.25 5 Vladimir Kramnik ( RUS ) 2783 ½ 0 0 ½ X 0 1 3 6 Sergey Karjakin ( RUS ) 2760 0 0 0 0 1 X 1 1
Classical results [ edit ]
No Player Elo rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points SB 1 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 2797 X 2 1 1 1 2 7 16.5 2 Hikaru Nakamura ( USA ) 2776 0 X 1 2 2 1 6 12.5 3 Vladimir Kramnik ( RUS ) 2783 1 1 X 1 1 1 5 12.5 4 Sergey Karjakin ( RUS ) 2760 1 0 1 X 1 1 4 10 5 Fabiano Caruana ( ITA ) 2811 1 0 1 1 X 1 4 10 6 Levon Aronian ( ARM ) 2777 0 1 1 1 1 X 4 9.5
Rapid results [ edit ]
No Player Rapid Elo rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points SB 1 Vladimir Kramnik ( RUS ) 2783 X 1 1 0 ½ 1 3.5 7.75 2 Levon Aronian ( ARM ) 2777 0 X ½ 1 1 ½ 3 6.25 3 Hikaru Nakamura ( USA ) 2776 0 ½ X ½ 1 1 3 6 4 Sergey Karjakin ( RUS ) 2760 1 0 ½ X ½ 0 2 6 5 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 2797 ½ 0 0 ½ X 1 2 4.25 6 Fabiano Caruana ( ITA ) 2811 0 ½ 0 1 0 X 1.5 2.5
Tiebreak [ edit ]
After the games Nakamura and Anand were the leaders with 9 point. An Armageddon tiebreak game between the two tied leaders, Anand and Nakamura. White was given five minutes, black four. White had to win in order to win the tournament. Hikaru Nakamura won as black making him the winner of the tournament. [14]
Combined final results [ edit ]
The combined final score for the tournament was calculated by scoring each game in the classical competition on a 2–1–0 basis and each game in the rapid competition on a 1–½–0 basis.
Zurich Chess Challenge 2016 [ edit ]
In the 2016 tournament, held from 12–15 February 2016, starting on a Friday and already ending on the following Monday, players were awarded two points for a win and one point for a draw in the rapid section, and one point for a win and half a point for a draw in the blitz section. No classical chess was played. Hikaru Nakamura won the blitz section on tiebreaks and tied with Viswanathan Anand in the rapid section. Nakamura won the overall event.[15]
The tournament was also held alongside a match between Alexander Morozevich and Boris Gelfand
Rapid results [ edit ]
No Player Rapid Elo rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points SB 1 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 2777 X 1 1 2 1 2 7 15 2 Hikaru Nakamura ( USA ) 2842 1 X 1 2 2 1 7 15 3 Vladimir Kramnik ( RUS ) 2793 1 1 X 1 1 2 6 13.5 4 Levon Aronian ( ARM ) 2746 0 0 1 X 2 1 4 7.5 5 Alexei Shirov ( LAT ) 2682 1 0 1 0 X 1 3 8 6 Anish Giri ( NED ) 2756 0 1 0 1 1 X 3 7
Blitz results [ edit ]
No Player Blitz Elo rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points SB 1 Hikaru Nakamura ( USA ) 2884 X ½ ½ 1 1 ½ 3.5 7.75 2 Viswanathan Anand ( IND ) 2764 ½ X ½ ½ 1 1 3.5 6.75 3 Vladimir Kramnik ( RUS ) 2817 ½ ½ X ½ 1 1 3.5 6.75 4 Anish Giri ( NED ) 2793 0 ½ ½ X ½ 1 2.5 4.75 5 Levon Aronian ( ARM ) 2814 0 0 0 ½ X 1 1.5 1.75 6 Alexei Shirov ( LAT ) 2682 ½ 0 0 0 0 X 0.5 1.75
Combined final results [ edit ]
Exhibition match results [ edit ]
A two-game exhibition match was played between Alexander Morozevich and Boris Gelfand, in the same time control as the Rapid portion of the main tournament. Boris Gelfand won the mini-match.
Player FIDE Rating 1 2 Points 1 Boris Gelfand ( ISR ) 2735 ½ 1 1½ 2 Alexander Morozevich ( RUS ) 2683 ½ 0 ½
Zurich Chess Challenge 2017 [ edit ]
American Hikaru Nakamura won the total standings by winning a blitz tournament half a point ahead of the Indian Viswanathan Anand and a full point ahead of Ian Nepomniachtchi.[16]
See also [ edit ]
It. Finally. Happened.
I won with a Duel Decks! I did it! You might remember Duel Decks: Sorin vs. Tibalt, where I fumbled horribly and struggled to eke out a win, only to fail repeatedly. Well, with this new Duel Decks, I went 3–1 against R&D's Kelly Digges. Kelly is an R&D editor, ex-DailyMTG.com editor, and designer behind this latest Duel Decks. And I crushed him 3–1 in our games!
The second Duel Decks each year provides an exciting gateway into our new setting—this year it is into Theros, our top-down look at the tropes and concepts of Greek mythology. For that reason, the idea of a Duel Decks which faces Heroes off with Monsters makes perfect sense. Monsters like Polukranos, a terrifying mythic rare Hydra that is something your opponent must answer.
In a game where I wielded the Monsters deck, Kelly and I were swinging giant haymaker plays battling for dominance in our game. Just as Kelly was getting the upper hand with Anax and Cymede in play, I knew I had to respond, so I cast Crater Hellion to clear his board. On Kelly's turn, he plays his own Sun Titan, using Sun Titan's ability to return Anax and Cymede to the battlefield. On my turn, with Polukranos in hand and eight manas on the board, I swung into him. Kelly's hand was empty so he was playing off the top of his deck, but I had Polukranos and a Beast Within in hand, so I knew that I could cast Polukranos to take over the game. Sure enough, we traded and I played Polukranos, but luckily for him he topdecked one of the few relevant (and aptly named) removal spells: Smite the Monstrous.
That interplay is among the most epic and most relevant ideas of just what these decks do against one another. Rather than an aggro vs. control sort of matchup, these two decks bring a straight-up battle for dominance on the battlefield, often locking horns in epic battle.
With these two cards we get our first look at new mechanics in Theros, so let's stop and take a look at each of them. First up: heroic.
Heroic refers to a group of similar abilities that occur after the heroic creature is targeted by a spell. So if I were to enchant Anax and Cymede with an Aura, that would trigger its heroic ability. Or if I were to target it with a combat trick, not only can I perhaps save Anax and Cymede, but I could turn the entire battle in my favor by also boosting my other creatures. Heroic is especially powerful because the effect still happens even if the heroic creature is killed in response to the spell, or if the spell targeting the heroic creature gets countered!
Polukranos, World Eater | Art by Karl Kopinski
On Polukranos, we get to see monstrosity. Monstrosity is a new keyword action that appears on the monsters of Theros and is defined as giving the creature the ability to become monstrous only once per game (unless it somehow leaves play and comes back—but it can't between these two decks). But assuming you do it when the time is right, Polukranos is a terrifying creature for the Heroes to try and face down.
Both of these keywords are in Theros and they help exemplify the namesakes of this deck. Don't think you know all the tricks these new abilities hold, though; surprises remain in the mythic world of Theros.
Kelly is really an awesome guy and while I get to talk to him a fair bit, it is a rare joy to get to sit down and play Magic against him. He's a very thoughtful player (read: slow); where I'm eager to crash into combat every turn, he is much more methodical in his game play. Thankfully, this methodical game play allows me to ask him questions about the two decks, such as the Heroes deck.
Each deck has three new cards from Theros as well as a handful of cards with new art set on Theros, such as the new Sun Titan in the Heroes deck. One thing I noticed is that even though red and white don't normally generate card advantage, the presence of scry in the Heroes deck goes a long way to helping the deck function, as it allows you to peek at future draws and put extra mana or uncastable spells to the bottom of your library. Dropping a turn-one New Benalia allowed me to check my first draw for the game. Casting Magma Jet to remove an early monster and also scry 2 always felt rewarding.
The Monsters deck has cycling rather than scry. Even though the two decks share red, they don't share any cards other than the basic Mountain. Cycling, as well as landcycling, helps Monsters ramp and get the steady mana its needs to enable it to drop its big monsters.
Even though each deck has three cards from Theros, beyond that Kelly had to work within the restrictions of non-Theros cards to build up the themes of each deck. And in doing so, he also had to be careful to avoid crossing too closely to previously visited Duel Decks. For example, Heroes vs. Monsters treads awfully close to the previously released Knights vs. Dragons. For this reason, you'll find the Monsters deck contains no Dragons. Instead, it relies on things like Polukranos to be the monsters.
Since Polukranos deals in +1/+1 counters, Kelly found the Monsters deck benefited from the original Gruul mechanic: bloodthirst. What bloodthirst says is that if you've dealt damage to your opponent this turn, you can then cast this creature and it comes into play with some number of +1/+1 counters. That means the Heroes might come to regret letting that pesky Orcish Lumberjack through the ranks.
There are a lot of fun card choices in each deck. Kelly told me his metric for whether a card worked in the Heroes deck was to see if the card fit into the following sort of Mad Lib: "The Blank heroically Blanks."
Sun Titan | Art by Karl Kopinski
So, for example, "The Armory Guard heroically stands its ground" feels like it works. While "The Master Decoy heroically decoys the enemy" could work but it just feels less heroic. By the way, those Armory Guards do hard work in this deck. Their 5 toughness is larger than just about any non-monstrous creature your opponent could drop unless he or she gets a bloodthirsted creature.
A few other exciting cards in both decks really caused some fun play. The Monsters deck has Fires of Yavimaya, which may not be familiar to new players but is definitely a card not to be underestimated. In a game against Kelly, he used his Fires of Yavimaya to try and pump his blocker and kill my Armory Guard, but I had my own answer and used Moment of Heroism to save it and cause a sizeable life swing in my favor. Had it died, though, I was also holding the often-forgotten Miraculous Recovery to bring it back from the graveyard.
There's an interesting bit to the Heroes deck that also highlights a difference in era. Kelly talked to me about how the Greek idea of a hero tended to be a bit more... ruthless... than today's modern vision of hero. So a card like Undying Rage and Kamahl, Pit Fighter felt awkward to me initially, but with this explanation they feel even more on-theme than before.
Fires of Yavimaya | Art by Izzy
I really enjoyed playing both of these decks. They are both aggressive decks meant to be fighting and making swings that could easily come out of Hollywood for the battle scenes they create. You're going to love these new decks and seeing some of the new card art!
Be sure to come back in the coming days and weeks as we begin to reveal more and more of this fall's set, Theros!
Product Information
Deck Design and Deck Development: Chris Millar, Kelly Digges and Sam Stoddard
Twitter Hashtag: #MTGHVM
Languages Available: English, Japanese
Release Date: September 6, 2013
MSRP: $19.99
A musician apparently disgruntled at how Beats Music and Apple Music has handled its streaming obligations is looking to fire up a class action suit, and is accusing Apple of intentionally deleting records and under-counting downloads and streams in order to pay artists less —or not at all.
Musician Bryan Eich owns the publishing rights to two albums, spanning 18 tracks. According to Eich's court filing, Apple never served a notice of intent to obtain compulsory licenses within one month of making available the two album.Eich claims that Apple "engaged in a systematic process of infringement" by not sending the notice of intent, deliberately deleting stream information, altering the streaming reports, and failing to properly report to him, and presumably others, to "conceal the infringements."The issue appears to be a disconnect of some sort between third-party aggregators and the musicians. Eich is seeking class members who own the publishing rights to recordings, and submitted the recordings to Beats and now Apple through the aggregators.In this case, music clearing house CD Baby appears to be where the breakdown somehow occurred. The suit filing claims that when Beats Music went live in 2012, CD Baby submitted most of its catalog, including Eich's recordings, for review. Eich claims that he was unaware at the time that his recordings were submitted for review.If there was any error with how Beats Music handled the notice of intent, it is now an error carried forward to Apple Music. According to the filing, Beats did not serve notices of intent on independent artists "as a matter of corporate policy" —and Apple was aware of that. Eich notes an active lawsuit on Aug. 1, 2014 when the purchase was made over the same matter.Eich claims that Apple's counsel was informed of the possibly ongoing issue on August 11, with an undated second attempt at contact. Apple's non-response is being interpreted by Eich as "intentional conduct" subjecting Apple to "enhanced statutory damages."The filing also claims that the streaming royalties for recordings owned by Eich and some of the named plaintiffs for the suit are "$0.000000." As such, Eich believes that Apple "has failed to include, and/or changed the revenue owed for streams."The lawsuit has certificate of registration for the pairs of albums, but no copies of reports from Apple. It is unclear from the court filing how many times that Eich's tracks were streamed from Beats Music or Apple Music, or if they were streamed at all.The suit was electronically filed on Sunday. A search on Apple Music on Sunday night did not reveal the artist's albums.
Why Portfolio Is Important For A Student
Today's students are the most accomplished and the most connected. Back in the day, no one needed a resume until they were out of school. Now, even middle schoolers are being asked to submit completed resumes to apply for summer programs. This is why an up to date, professional portfolio is now a necessity for students.
In fact, Sal Khan, founder of Khan Academy said this about portfolios; "Right now, transcripts have some statistics on your grades and maybe some standardized test scores. But in the future, they should include a portfolio of things you've created — ­robots you've built, programs you've written, things you've painted, whatever — along with what your peers and your community think of you as a leader, a communicator and an empathizer. This is already what people care about, but it hasn't been formally recognized."
By definition - A portfolio is a container of documents that provide evidence of someone's knowledge, skills, and/or dispositions. (p.203) Barton & Collins (1993), Bird (1990)
A portfolio's goal is to showcase your talents, skills, projects and recognitions. Beyond the numbers on your transcript, portfolios provide insight into your character and strengths as a person as a whole.
What should go into a Student Portfolio?
Summary / Personal Statement
GPA / School Grades
Talents
Skills
Projects
Involvement in the community
Recognitions
Advantages Of A Digital Portfolio
Capture the proud moments as they happen - As a busy student, it can be hard to keep track of all of your activities. Creating a digital portfolio ensures all of your accomplishments will be stored in a safe place and will not be forgotten.
Portable - Your portfolio is right at your fingertips, on your mobile phone or laptop. It has never been easier to showcase your talents when you bump into a family member or a sports coach.
Organized - Digital profiles allow you to format the portfolio in a way that will meet your specific needs.
Specialize - Specialize what you present; an application for intern position is different than a portfolio for theater audition.
You're Under Control - Choose who you share it with
A Massive Head-Start - With a pre-prepared digital profile, you are always ready to take on any opportunity that comes your way!
Set yourself up for success. Start building a beautiful portfolio today — for free.
Anthony Scaramucci, left, walks with retired Gen. David Petraeus as he arrives at Trump Tower for a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, Monday in New York. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci)
An adviser on the Trump transition team turned heads Wednesday when he likened modern climate science to the ancient belief that the Earth was flat.
“I know that the current president believes that human beings are affecting the climate,” Anthony Scaramucci, a member of the president-elect's presidential transition team executive committee, said Wednesday on CNN's “New Day” program. “There are scientists that believe that that's not happening.”
[Trump transition says request for names of climate scientists was ‘not authorized']
Scaramucci, a founder of SkyBridge Capital and co-host of Fox Business Network's program “Wall Street Week,” appeared on the program Wednesday morning to discuss the incoming administration's stance on climate change and the transition team's recent request for the names of Energy Department employees who have worked on issues related to climate change.
The Trump transition team has issued a list of 74 questions for the Energy Department, asking officials there to identify which department employees and contractors have worked on forging an international climate pact as well as domestic efforts to cut the nation's carbon output. (Whitney Shefte/The Washington Post)
Scaramucci continued, “There was an overwhelming science that the Earth was flat, and there was an overwhelming science that we were the center of the world. We get a lot of things wrong in the scientific community.”
“It's called ignorance,” New Day co-host Chris Cuomo interjected. “You learn over time.”
It's true there's a small percentage of scientists who believe human activity has not affected the climate — but the overwhelming majority (around 97 percent, research suggests) believe human-caused climate change is occurring. And theories like geocentrism were, in fact, overturned by the development of new scientific practices and technologies that allowed for better observation of the world — much the way modern advancements have helped expose the changes that are occurring in the world's climate.
Scaramucci isn't the only one to make such an analogy, though. Last year, Ted Cruz compared climate doubters to Galileo, who was attacked by the Catholic Church over his idea that the Earth revolves around the sun. But as experts pointed out at the time, this comparison doesn't make any sense either. Galileo found himself pitted against the Church — the major existing authority — not fellow scientists.
To say that there was “overwhelming science” to support the idea that, say, the Earth is the center of the universe is starkly misleading in this way. In fact, there just wasn't enough science at the time to suggest otherwise.
President Obama actually made a similar comparison back in 2013, only with climate doubters rather than mainstream climate scientists. During a speech at Georgetown University he reportedly said he would not spend time debating with those who deny the science of our involvement in climate change, adding: “We don't have time for a meeting of the Flat Earth Society. Sticking your head in the sand might make you feel safer, but it's not going to protect you from the coming storm.”
Scaramucci's comments might be among the most eyebrow-raising this week — but the Trump team's record on climate change has already been controversial enough until now. The president-elect has been adding climate doubters to his transition team left and right over the past few weeks, particularly to his Environmental Protection Agency “landing team,” which will help shape the new administration's environmental policy. And his recent nominees for heads of the federal energy and environment agencies are noted skeptics of what is known as anthropogenic climate change.
Uncertainties for the future of U.S. climate policy are high, with a potential withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement, end to the Clean Power Plan and renewed expansion of the fossil fuel industry among the greatest concerns. And some experts are worried about the future of basic U.S. climate science as well. A Trump campaign adviser has already suggested curtailing NASA's climate research, and now, some climate scientists are actually scrambling to copy and archive public U.S. climate data, fearing that it might be lost under the incoming administration.
For his part, Scaramucci added, “I'm not suggesting that we're not affecting the [climate] change — I honestly don't know, I'm not a scientist.”
Read more at Energy & Environment:
The Arctic just had its hottest year on record ‘by far,' scientists say
Scientists are frantically copying U.S. climate data, fearing it might vanish under Trump
Atmospheric levels of methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, are spiking, scientists report
Trump transition team for Energy Department seeks names of employees involved in climate meetings
For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here and follow us on Twitter here.
The Coalition will consider compensating big companies that are part-way through expensive refits to reduce their carbon price liability when the carbon tax is abolished, according to shadow treasurer Joe Hockey.
Mr Hockey was forced on Monday to clarify a statement in which he had suggested the Coalition would compensate businesses like renewable energy companies that are better off under a carbon tax for their reduced profitability.
''We will consider it on a case by case basis. We have allocated funds under our Direct Action to deal with initiatives that have been under way,'' Mr Hockey said when pressed in Tasmania about the specific case of Hydro Tasmania which has become more profitable after the introduction of the carbon tax.
''If there are individual businesses that will be affected we will deal with them on a case by case basis,'' he said, adding that the carbon tax imposed higher prices on all Tasmanian households and businesses.
Share. The Board describes the game as featuring 'strong horror themes and violence.' The Board describes the game as featuring 'strong horror themes and violence.'
Exit Theatre Mode
The Australian classification board has just outed what looks like a brand new video game from Bethesda, currently listed as 'Endless Summer.'
The game has been classified by the board MA15+ and described as featuring "strong horror themes and violence." Specifically, strong impact violence and themes, mild impact language and sex, very mild impact nudity and zero drug use. As Kotaku correctly notes, the name 'Endless Summer' could be a place-holder at this stage; it could be coded for the recently announced The Evil Within, although that's an early classification for a game due for release in 2014.
That's all we know right now, so speculate away in the comment section below. In the meantime, check out our coverage of The Evil Within.
Thanks, Kotaku.
Lucy O'Brien is a Assistant Editor at IGN AU. Follow her ramblings on IGN at Luce_IGN_AU,or @Luceobrien on Twitter.
Anon asked what changes I've made to the tracks, so I decided to do a long-ass post about it.
SEASIDE HILL / GREEN HILL ZONE
Apart from the texture changes, I've changed some other things here. Biggest change is the river; it no longer cuts off part of the terrain and instead acts as a proper river would.
I've also made an attempt at modelling an arch-like rock. So far it looks pretty shitty but it's acceptable.
FLAME CORE
For one, Flame Core is now an actual volcano! This doesn't really change how it plays but it looks pretty cool.
Here's the volcano from the outside. No real changes out here, but I've tried to nerf one of the bigger shortcuts.
The long, C-shaped turn at the end of the track is now part of it again, and is somewhat harder to navigate with lava and rocks everywhere.
THAT SNOW LEVEL THAT I'LL MOST LIKELY NAME ICE MOUNTAIN OR SOMETHING ALIKE
I've made a lot of additional background terrain to hide the infinite void below the track. There's also snowfall now; you can't see it on the pictures as they're taken from the editor.
The lower part of the track is still being redone. I'm planning to cover half of it in a rocky cave to make it a little more interesting.
That's pretty much all of the changes so far.
Seoul: Japan moved to the highest possible alert level after North Korea fired four ballistic missiles simultaneously into nearby waters, the latest provocation from Kim Jong-un's regime.
Three of the missiles fell into Japan's exclusive economic zone, with one dropping about 350 kilometers west of the nation's northern Akita prefecture, government spokesman Yoshihide Suga told reporters after a meeting of Japan's National Security Council. Authorities were still analysing the type of missile launched, he said.
The launches “clearly show that this is a new level of threat" from North Korea, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told lawmakers in Tokyo. American officials held phone calls afterward with counterparts in Japan and South Korea, which rely on the US for security.
Also Read| North Korea fires four ballistic missiles into sea near Japan
“North Korea's nuclear and missile capabilities have really improved, and they are becoming more difficult to predict," Abe said. The missiles “are getting closer to Japan's waters and territory."
While North Korea routinely test-fires missiles—including more than two dozen last year—the timing of these launches is particularly sensitive.
Tensions have escalated in recent weeks between China and South Korea over American plans to deploy a missile-defense system known as Thaad on the peninsula, part of measures to thwart Kim from gaining the ability to strike the continental US with a nuclear warhead.
The launches also come as South Korea and the US undertake annual military drills that Pyongyang has called a prelude to an invasion, and right after the start of the National People's Congress in Beijing—a gathering aimed at showcasing President Xi Jinping's command over foreign and domestic affairs.
Long-time allies China and North Korea had a rare public spat last month after Beijing banned coal imports last month after the death of Kim's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam, in a Malaysia airport. Beijing accounts for more than 70% of its neighbour's trade and provides food and energy aid.
The missiles, launched early Monday from the country's northwest, flew around 1,000 kilometers (about 620 miles) into the East Sea, also known as the Sea of Japan, Roh Jae-cheon, spokesman for South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters in Seoul. There was a “low chance" the projectiles were intercontinental ballistic missiles, he said.
Kim Young-woo, a South Korean lawmaker and chairman of parliament's National Defense Committee who was briefed by the JCS, said that the projectile looks similar to the Pukguksong-2 missile that North Korea test-fired last month.
“It seems like the North lowered the angle to aim longer in distance this time as part of its attempts to test it in various ways," Kim said by phone.
Since taking power about five years ago, North Korea's Kim has fired dozens of missiles and conducted three nuclear tests in defiance of a United Nations ban on his weapons development. In January, he said his country was in the final stages of preparations to test-fire an ICBM, prompting US President Donald Trump to retort on Twitter: “It won't happen!"
The yen reversed an earlier decline and gained 0.2% against the dollar. The Topix index of Japanese shares closed down 0.2%, while South Korea's benchmark stock gauge ended the day up 0.1%.
Seoul's decision to deploy the Thaad missile-defense system has angered Beijing, prompting China to take economic retaliation.
The China National Tourism Administration verbally ordered local travel agencies to stop selling tour packages to South Korea. The Korea Economic Daily said Sunday, citing unidentified officials, that Chinese authorities suspended businesses of four Lotte Mart stores for a month.
South Korea responded by saying it would ensure Korean companies don't face unfair trade measures in China. South Korea's government is “deeply concerned about the measures taken in China and will closely monitor the situation and strengthen responses," trade minister Joo Hyung-hwan said Sunday.
In addition to the two this year, North Korea fired at least 25 projectiles last year, according to the UN. Pyongyang also detonated two nuclear devices in 2016. Trump vowed to deal with North Korea “very strongly" after its February missile test.
North Korea relations have fallen to their worst point in decades and talks are off the table until the regime is ready to give up its nuclear weapons, South Korea unification minister Hong Yong-pyo said last week in an interview.
“It's been over 20 years since North Korea's nuclear threats started, and tensions are at their worst," Hong, who oversees policy on North Korea, said in Seoul.
“For the time being, the South Korean government's stance is that the North should show a will to denuclearize," he said. “That means any dialogue should be based upon denuclearisation." Bloomberg
Bryan Colangelo talked about the Philadelphia 76ers' offseason plans as they attempt to put a competitive team on the floor.
The 76ers have substantial cap space but they could struggle to sign a free agent of note as they are perceived as a team still in the midst of a severe rebuild.
A short-term contract to a free agent could make the 76ers more competitive while not compromising their long-term flexibility.
"We may be a year or two years away from having a strong enough story to sell — a key or significant free agent," said Colangelo. "It might be that we're just a little bit young in the process. We are taking the steps necessary to establish a winning culture, a winning desire to express that not only in our actions in terms of trades and draft selections and other things that we do, but we need to show it on the court as well.
"What may be a lot of flexibility this year may be put to use on what I would call 'shorter term deals' or 'placeholder deals' that put us in a more competitive situation so that we can really turn the corner in free agency and subsequent seasons with two things: with a better story with a lot of flexibility."
Colleen Haskell Contestant Profile Born: December 6, 1976 ( 1976-12-06 ) (age 42) Hometown: Miami Beach, Florida Occupation: Student Survivor Career Version: United States Borneo Tribe(s): Pagong
Rattana Finish: 6/16 Alliance(s): Barbecue Alliance Challenge Wins: 7 Votes Against: 7 Days Lasted: 33 Gallery
is a contestant from
Colleen is considered to be Survivor's first ever "sweetheart." She is also remembered for being the first female to win an individual challenge and for being the last member standing from her Pagong tribe.
Contents show]
Profile
Retrieved from CBS.com
Colleen currently attends college at Miami Ad School where she is working to make a portfolio that she hopes will eventually lead to a job in creative advertising. Previous jobs include working as an intern for Arena Stage in Washington, D.C. and waitressing.
Born and raised in Bethesda, Maryland, she attended college at the University of Georgia in Athens where she was able to study abroad in London, England on a six month internship with the London Film Festival. Upon graduation, she spent two months in Ghana, West Africa followed by two months traveling in France.
Colleen describes herself as talkative, independent and a bit spacey. Her favorite topics at a dinner party are stories and jokes ("I still believe in storytime"). In her spare time, she enjoys traveling and cooking, and prefers to listen to talk radio. An avid lover of French films, she admits that Kevin Costner's "Robin Hood" can still make her cry.
Colleen currently resides in Miami Beach, Florida. Her birth date is Dec. 6, 1976.[1]
Survivor
Colleen was a contestant on the original season of Survivor. She was a castaway on the Pagong tribe, a tribe composed primarily of young adults, especially when compared to the Tagi tribe. Early on, Colleen was linked with contestant Greg Buis, and fellow Pagong member Jenna Lewis speculated that the friendship had become a romance. Both Greg and Colleen adamantly denied there was a romance, with Colleen ultimately joking that "it was all about the sex".
After the two tribes merged into the Rattana tribe, members of Pagong were surprised by Tagi's strategy of voting them out one by one at Tribal Council. Colleen was the last of the former Pagong members to be voted out. After being voted out, Colleen told the remaining castaways "Be nice, play fair". She said this just before her torch was snuffed. Once she was gone, Richard Hatch commented that she was "a wonderful person".
Colleen originally planned on voting for Richard at the Final Tribal Council, but when he answered poorly to her question and heard Susan's infamous "rat and snake" speech, she voted for Kelly Wiglesworth. Kelly ultimately lost to Richard Hatch.
Voting History
Colleen's Voting History Episode Colleen's
Votes Against
Colleen 1 Pagong Tribe Immune 2 B.B. - 3 Pagong Tribe Immune 4 Ramona Gervase, Ramona 5 Pagong Tribe Immune 6 Joel - 7 Richard Sean 8 Jenna - 9 Richard - 10 Sean - 11 Sean Richard, Rudy,
Sean, Susan Voted Out, Day 33 Voted for
Sole Survivor Kelly
Post-Survivor
Trivia
Colleen is the first contestant from Florida.
Colleen's luxury item was a bar of soap.
Colleen is the first female to wear the Buff as a skirt.
Colleen is the first castaway to be shown crying on the show. This was for losing the Immunity Challenge and having to send somebody home.
Colleen is the first contestant to cast an ouster vote for the eventual winner of their season.
Colleen is the first female to win an individual challenge. Colleen is the first contestant to be allowed to bring one tribemate with them on a reward.
Colleen was the last standing Pagong member, making her the first contestant to be the last one remaining from their original tribe. Thus, Colleen is the highest ranking castaway of Pagong and is the first castaway to be the highest ranking castaway from a starting tribe.
Colleen was asked to come back for Survivor: All-Stars but declined, stating she "had moved on with her life" and "just genuinely didn't want to go through that again." Her replacement in All-Stars would end up being fellow Pagong tribemate Jenna Lewis. She was also considered for Survivor: Heroes vs. Villains , but ultimately declined.
but declined, stating she "had moved on with her life" and "just genuinely didn't want to go through that again." Her replacement in would end up being fellow Pagong tribemate Jenna Lewis. She was also considered for , but ultimately declined. Colleen was nominated in Survivor: America's Tribal Council for "Hottest Female", but lost to Amber Brkich.
Rossi sustained fractures to the tibia and fibula in his right leg in a motocross accident in Italy on Thursday, and he underwent a one-hour operation from 2-3am on Friday to have a metal pin inserted.
Dr Raffaele Pascarella described the procedure as “perfectly successful”.
“First I want to say that Valentino is fine and this is the most important thing for us all,” he added, speaking in a press conference on Friday.
“I think he will certainly have to rest for 30 to 40 days, and then we will evaluate together in the next few weeks how to proceed.”
MotoGP has two races in the next 40 days – at Misano and Aragon – while its flyaway triple-header of Motegi, Phillip Island and Sepang commences with the Japanese GP on October 15.
While the injury has been sustained to the same leg Rossi broke in a crash at Mugello in 2010, Dr Pascarella said that would have no effect as the bone would have healed within 4-5 months first time around, even though the fracture to the tibia was “very close” to the previous break.
“It's not a bad thing to have done it on the same leg, it's a different clinical story,” he added.
Rossi is currently fourth in what was being touted as a five-way MotoGP title fight this year, trailing points leader Andrea Dovizioso by 26 points.
Google is jumping into the ridesharing market with a new carpooling service, RideWith, launched this week by Israeli mapping company Waze. The mapping startup, which Google purchased for $1.1 billion in 2013, is doing a test launch of the ride-sharing service in Israel.
The news follows longstanding rumors that Google would at some point upend the transportation industry with a fleet of self-driving cars. RideWith takes a different tack, recruiting work commuters who want to earn some cash by picking up other commuters on their way to work. In theory, the emphasis on non-professional drivers distinguishes the project from ride-hailing services like Uber, Lyft, or Gett, since drivers and passengers are limited to commuters for a maximum of two rides a day. It should also benefit from more driving data than other car-sharing apps like France's BlaBlaCar, which bought German carpooling app Carpooling and grew rapidly this year. Its driver intel will be used to pair up drivers and riders taking the same route, according to Reuters (via Arstechnica).
Riders will pay a suggested fee, suggested by Waze, based on the length of the trip and the automobile maintenance cost in Israel and calculated by Israeli information technology company Heshev. The carpoolers can use the suggested price to negotiate the fee of the ride, from which Google takes a 15% cut.
Should Google eventually decide to take the service to other countries, the model would potentially avoid the legal battles faced by near competitors like Uber, which is mired in disputes with taxi industries around the world. Uber's director (paywall) of French operations and its director of Western Europe currently face charges for running UberPOP as an illegal taxi service, which could land them multiyear sentences and shut down the country's UberPOP operations. The arrests follow massive, violent riots by French taxi drivers in June against Uber and other ride-sharing programs. South Korea's government shut down the Uber app and charged its CEO and other Uber employees for running an illegal tax services, while a German court ruled in March that UberPOP was illegal.
RideWith's launch in Israel may benefit from potentially lessening an intractable problem: terrible traffic, and sky high car and gas prices. Thanks to high taxes on new cars, high gas prices, and steep auto insurance costs, owning a car in Israel is far more expensive than in the US.
Forgetting information that we save to
computer could have its advantages
A few years ago, researchers demonstrated that people had poorer memory for information that they were told had been saved to a computer. Technophobes jumped on the finding. “Imagine that in the future people become so used to external access for any form of reference that they have not internalized any facts at all,” wrote Susan Greenfield.
Of course there are many flaws to this logic, not least that the old fashioned act of writing information down can also lead to increased forgetting. A new study has focused on another important point: forgetting information that we know is externally available could be advantageous – allowing us to free up cognitive resources to better learn new information.
Benjamin Storm and Sean Stone tested this possibility across three studies involving dozens of undergrads. The format was similar throughout. The students started by studying a list of ten words in one computer file, which they would be tested on later. Then they moved onto a second file with a new list of words to study. There was a 20-second delay then they were tested on this second list.
The critical finding is that the students performed better at remembering this second list if they were earlier given the chance to save the first list to computer. It's as if knowing the first list was stored on computer prompted them to deliberately forget it, so that they could focus all their mental resources on the second list.
Further details back up this interpretation. When the computer saving process was made unreliable – files kept getting lost – the saving process no longer boosted the students' performance on the second list. Also, when the first list was made up of just two words, meaning it placed little strain on memory, the act of saving it to computer no longer made a difference to memory for the second list.
Why else might save information to computer help benefit new learning? Another intriguing suggestion made by the researchers is that the act of saving could provide the basis for an “event boundary” in memory, helping avoid confusion between the first and second lists. They further speculate that saving to computer likely doesn't just aid the learning of further information, but could also free up mental resources that underlie thinking and problem-solving.
The researchers conclude with a Sherlock Holmes quote that captures the concept of adaptive forgetting: “… a man should keep his little brain-attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away in the lumber-room of his library, where he can get it if he wants it.”
_________________________________
Storm, B., & Stone, S. (2014). Saving-Enhanced Memory: The Benefits of Saving on the Learning and Remembering of New Information Psychological Science, 26 (2), 182-188 DOI: 10.1177/0956797614559285
Post written by Christian Jarrett (@psych_writer) for the BPS Research Digest.
The final lineup for ‘The Idolmaster' has all the K-pop members making it
Just two weeks ago, Asian Junkie made a post about ‘The Idolmaster‘ coming to Korea. But in that time, the final lineup for the show was picked while most of you probably didn't even know it was going on.
안녕하세요.
드라마 아이돌마스터.KR 출연자 오디션에 합격한 14인을 공개 합니다. pic.twitter.com/77zYM8M2kT — THE IDOLM@STER.KR 공식 (@idolmaster_kr) June 7, 2016
Oh well, but most importantly, anybody who cared about the former/current K-pop group members making it in surely got their wish.
—–
Row 1
Heo Youngjoo
Sooji (Halla, The Ark)
Jane (Jane, The Ark)
Yukika
Row 2
Mint (Mint, Tiny-G)
Coco (Coco, Cocosori)
Jungjoo
Sori (Sori, Cocosori)
Row 3
Kwon Haseo
Jiwon
Son Hyunmi
Yeseul (Yeseul, Wings)
Row 4
Yeeun
Jin Nayoung (Jin Nayoung, Wings)
The head of the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) division tasked with outreach to neighborhoods and faith communities reportedly once blamed African-Americans for turning cities into "slums" and made disparaging comments against the religion of Islam.
The Rev. Jamie Johnson, who heads the Center for Faith-Based & Neighborhood Partnerships for DHS, made remarks attacking the black community and Muslims in radio appearances from 2008 to 2016, according to a review by CNN's KFile. Johnson was appointed to the position by then-DHS Secretary John Kelly John Francis KellyMORE in April.
ADVERTISEMENT
In a 2008 radio appearance on Accent Radio Network, CNN reported that Johnson praised the success of the Jewish community in the United States while accusing African-Americans of "laziness, drug use and sexual promiscuity."
"[American Jews] have done exceptionally well for themselves. For only representing about 1.4 percent of America's population, they make up 12 percent of America's millionaires. Why? Because they work," he said.
"And it's an indictment of America's black community that has turned America's major cities into slums because of laziness, drug use and sexual promiscuity," Johnson added.
In the same radio appearance, Johnson called diversity a cloak for a "far-left Marxist globalist ideology."
"Diversity is simply a cloak to hide a far-left Marxist globalist ideology that seems to undercut and undermine every principle on which this nation was built," Johnson reportedly told listeners.
In a separate appearance, Johnson said that he refers to radical Islamism as "obedient Islam," with radical jihadists representing the truest members of the faith. Islam is a global religion comprised of about 24 percent of the world's population.
"I never call it radical Islam; if anything, it is obedient Islam. It is faithful Islam," he said, CNN reported.
"I agree with Dinesh D'Souza, your friend and mine, who says all that Islam has ever given us is oil and dead bodies over the last millennia and a half," Johnson continued. "It is not a religion of peace."
In a statement to CNN upon learning of the report, Johnson apologized for his past comments, saying they do not reflect his current views.
"I have and will continue to work with leaders and members of all faiths as we jointly look to strengthen our safety and security as an interfaith community. Having witnessed leaders from the entire faith spectrum work to empower their communities I now see things much differently," Johnson said.
"I regret the manner in which those thoughts were expressed in the past, but can say unequivocally that they do not represent my views personally or professionally," he continued.
Iran has chillingly warned it will increase the range of its missiles so their rockets could be launched into Europe. Pictured: Iranian president Hassan Rouhani
Iran has chillingly threatened Europe by warning it plans to increase the range of its missiles so rockets can be launched into the continent.
The deputy of the country's Revolutionary Guards said it could increase the range of missiles by more than 1,200 miles — far enough to strike Europe.
Brigadier General Hossein Salami said: 'If we have kept the range of our missiles to 2,000 kilometres, it's not due to lack of technology – we are following a strategic doctrine.
'So far we have felt that Europe is not a threat, so we did not increase the range of our missiles.
'But if Europe wants to turn into a threat, we will increase the range of our missiles.'
General Mohammad Ali Jafari, said last month that Iran's 1,200 mile plus missile range could cover 'most of American interest and forces' within the region, so Iran did not need to extend it.
The country has one of the Middle East's largest missile programmes, including precision-guided missiles that could strike Israel.
It comes after France called for an 'uncompromising' dialogue with the Islamic Republic about its ballistic missile programme.
The country has one of the Middle East's largest missile programmes, including precision-guided missiles that could strike Israel
President of Iran Hassan Rouhani in Tehran last month. The country has repeatedly said its missile programme is defensive and it will not negotiate on it
However Iran has repeatedly said its missile programme is defensive and it will not negotiate on it.
The United States has accused Tehran of supplying Yemen's Houthi rebels with a missile that was fired into Saudi Arabia in July.
It has called on the United Nations to hold the country accountable for violating two UN Security Council resolutions.
Iran denied supplying Houthis with missiles and weapons.
The US has called on the United Nations to hold the country accountable for violating two UN Security Council resolutions
In October the National Council of Resistance of Iran compiled a report showing Iran is developing weapons of mass destruction.
People's Mojahedin Organisation of Iran has been monitoring Iran's nuclear program since 1991.
It has accused the regime of continuing to bolster its capabilities, including working on 'various stages of enrichment, weaponisation, warheads, and delivery systems'.
The resistance has also said the Iranian military is hiding the country's program in a bid to trick weapons inspectors.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool midfielder Gini Wijnaldum is set to undergo a scan on Wednesday to determine the extent of his hamstring injury.
The Dutch international has returned to Melwood after limping off during the Netherlands' 1-0 defeat to France in Amsterdam on Monday night.
Wijnaldum complained of discomfort in his right hamstring and is a major doubt for next Monday's Premier League clash with Manchester United at Anfield.
Dejan Lovren and Nathaniel Clyne are expected to be fit for the visit of Jose Mourinho's side having made good progress since picking up knocks in the win at Swansea prior to the international break.
However, Adam Lallana's groin injury remains a source of concern for Reds boss Jurgen Klopp. Liverpool still retain hope that Lallana will be able to feature against United but he has yet to return to full training.
Most of Liverpool's internationals will be back at Melwood on Wednesday but Brazilian duo Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino aren't expected to rejoin their clubmates until Thursday.
They will embark on a 5,000-mile journey home from their World Cup qualifier in Venezuela which kicks off at 1.30am on Wednesday UK time.
Ever wondered how Shellder or Snorlax would look if they were human? Hold on tight because South Korean illustration artist Tamtamdi currently based in California, U.S. reimagines Pokémon as humans (more or less) and it's just as cute as you'd expect it to be.
The incredibly talented artist who prefers to stay anonymous has already drawn 254 Pokémon Gijinka illustrations, giving each and every one of them a specific character and distinguished looks. Tamtamdi told Bored Panda that it usually takes 30 min - 1 hour to finish one drawing. "The most important thing I care when I do the gijinka is capturing the first impression of the Pokémon, and then the silhouette and the gesture!" said the artist. "Sometimes I just use them as a fashion reference," Tamtamdi added. It took about a year to draw them all and it looks like the artist is still going!
More info: DeviantArt | Facebook | Tumblr (h/t: smosh)
David Cobb is preparing to go to jail for a day, after he was found in contempt of court.
Why successful salmon season spells trouble for BC fishermen read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
But he is more concerned about the welfare of the boat that he and his two dogs call home -- a working boat that he says deserves a place to tie up, as well as respect for its role in West Coast history.
The 66-year-old skippers the Chief Skugaid, commissioned in 1912 as a Bering Sea halibut schooner, motorized and later used for Prohibition-era liquor exports to California. In the 1960s, Chief Skugaid added three, 24-foot freighter canoes. When the Canadian Fish Company (Canfisco) didn't want it anymore in 2010, Cobb bought it for an undisclosed sum. Cobb had sold salmon and herring to the boat in the mid-1970s when it was a trawler for B.C. Packers.
The 80-foot carvel, wooden Chief Skugaid and its sister Chief Zibassa (now the Western Star) were commissioned by Canfisco and built at Vancouver Shipyards, between Cambie and Abbott streets on Coal Harbour. Skugaid is 16 years older than the RCMP St. Roch, which is on permanent display inside the Vancouver Maritime Museum.
"The value to me [is] beyond its utility. It still is a using or working boat, notwithstanding it resembling a halting site, as they say in Ireland, or tinker's encampment. It's upside down and inside out, because I'm redoing the bunks," Cobb told a reporter dockside in New Westminster.
It currently has eight big bunks in the galley, and will have 12 to fulfill Cobb's planned launch in 2014 of what he calls "eco-tourism, 'hairshirt' version: kayaking, gold panning, whale watching in inlets up the coast."
That is, if Cobb can find a place to park the boat. His search for moorage recently ran aground in court, with his unwillingness to move the boat resulting in a night in jail.
City says avast
The New Westminster pier at the Fraser River Discovery Centre is a natural home for the Chief Skugaid, since the Royal City's harbour commission came to be 100 years ago in 1913. City hall disagrees, citing conditions of its water lot lease with Port Metro Vancouver.
A division of real estate investor/developer Larco known as 143 Cathedral Ventures Ltd. convinced B.C. Supreme Court Justice Shelley Fitzpatrick on Jan. 16 to order the Chief Skugaid be gone by Feb. 15 from a nearby pier. On March 9, Cobb moved it to the present location. The City of New Westminster sought an injunction on April 11 against Cobb and an order to move the vessel, alleging trespass because its presence violated conditions of its water lot lease with Port Metro Vancouver.
B.C. Supreme Court Justice Victoria Gray found Cobb in contempt of a May 8 order by Justice Robert Jenkins "by continuing to trespass on the water lot located in the Fraser River located to the south of the Fraser River Discovery Centre." Jenkins had ordered Cobb to remove the boat by midnight June 14.
New Westminster's July 18 application sought one-day imprisonment for Cobb as a penalty. Cobb was ordered to pay New Westminster special costs fixed at $2,000. Sentencing was adjourned to Aug. 1.
"I'm like in Newfoundland -- between a rock and a hard place," Cobb said. "I considered this an interim refuge or sanctuary. I appealed to the city at that point three months ago; I offered them $800 a month which is far more than this berth is worth; I offered them a hold-harmless waiver in lieu of an insurance policy. They summarily and flatly refused. They wouldn't consider it."
A request to interview New Westminster Mayor Wayne Wright was not successful.
A catch-22
"At the bottom of the whole matter is... the ability to arbitrarily exercise that power they wield," said Cobb of the city's efforts to push him out. "This is not power that's vested in them by the electorate. They are the people with the lines of power or the reins in their hands, and I'm virtually powerless through the courts to rebut or rebuff."
On May 30, Cobb awoke to find a drowning man outside the Chief Skugaid and assisted in his rescue. That was two weeks after he was paid a visit by the Vancouver Police patrol boat R.G. McBeath, which had, onboard, two Transport Canada inspectors and, in Cobbs words, "a token New Westminster constable" for the "city-sanctioned home invasion."
Cobb claims Chief Skugaid has all the requisite safety features, but is facing a catch-22. It has to be in an approved marina to apply for insurance, but marinas, he says, are reluctant to host an uninsured boat.
"I have gone above and beyond the purchase price, I've got about $30,000 into it," Cobb said. "I'm depending on my old-age pension, a very small CPP, and my Irish army pension."
Once the cosmetics are done on the boat, Cobb promises "it will be every bit as good or better than most of its 100 years, especially since it has the low-hours, large Volvo [engine] in it now."
The women were beaten up by people in Madhya Pradesh allegedly for carrying beef.
Highlights Women beaten up allegedly by self-appointed cow protectors They had been detained by police allegedly for smuggling 30 kg of beef A local doctor who examined the meat, said meat was from buffaloes
As policemen watched, two women were slapped, kicked and abused by a mob led by cow vigilantes at a railway station in Madhya Pradesh on Tuesday.In a mobile phone video taken by one of the many spectators who did nothing to stop the attack at Mandsaur, around 350 km from state capital Bhopal, policemen are seen making half-hearted attempts to control the crowd.The police were at the railway station to arrest the two Muslim women; they say they had been tipped off about the women travelling with a large quantity of beef to sell.Even after the police caught them, the women were assaulted by a crowd that had gathered at the railway station.In the video, the women are cornered by a crowd that is heard screaming "Gau Mata Ki Jai (Hail holy cow)". They are slapped and punched by the women in the mob until one of them collapses.The policemen apparently don't try hard enough to protect the women from the blows.The women were thrashed for nearly half an hour before the police led them away.Police sources said 30 kg of meat has been recovered from the women.The consignment was examined by a local doctor who pronounced it buffalo meat, not beef, claim the police.The women have still been charged, because they did not have a permit to sell meat.No action has been taken against those who assaulted the women, or the policemen at the spot.State home minister Bhupendra Singh today said: "No can take law in their own hands. A probe will be conducted." Cow vigilantism has snatched up headlines and political attention in the past few weeks after national outrage over a video of four Dalit men being flogged, tied to an SUV and paraded for skinning a dead cow in Una in Gujarat earlier this month.
IT IS market day in Ely, a small city in Cambridgeshire. Locals throng stalls selling vegetables, Christmas decorations and old records. Only a few want to talk to the gaggle of Conservative Party activists urging them to support their candidate. Without breaking step, a man and a woman tell a campaigner that they are not local residents—odd, another remarks, as he could have sworn they live in his street. “They're all in it for themselves,” says a brawny stallholder of politicians generally.
Many Britons want nothing to do with politics. In the hard-fought 2010 general election some 16m people eligible to vote did not do so. Turnout is lowest among the poor and the young. Ipsos MORI, a pollster, thinks only 58% of the working-class electorate voted in 2010, compared with 76% of professionals. Turnout among 18- to 24-year-olds was just 44%. Following a series of scandals over MPs' expenses claims and a brutal economic slump, some reject politics on a point of principle. “No thanks, I don't vote” is a common comment on doorsteps, canvassers say.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
And yet, if strategists from Britain's main parties are right, these disillusioned and indifferent folk could well decide the outcome of the next general election, scheduled for 2015. The Conservatives and the Labour Party are energetically courting them—and subtly changing their pitch in the process.
This is an about-turn. For decades political parties have concentrated on those most inclined to turn out. Tory activists assessed voters' allegiances and likelihood to vote on a nine-point scale that dictated whether they should receive leaflets, visits and help to get to polling stations. Non-voters, even Conservative-minded ones, got a lower grade than those who were contemplating voting, even if the latter also said they supported a different party. Labour had similar systems. “If someone says they will not vote, then I make it the last conversation I have with them,” says a Labour MP in a marginal seat.
But changing electoral arithmetic means non-voters can no longer be ignored. The dominance of the two big parties is over (see chart). Winning an election once meant taking centrist votes from the other lot without offending core voters. But this has become trickier as the parties have built solid regional power bases—Labour in the north, Tories in the south. Although the Conservatives and Labour still hope to win votes from each other, polling by Lord Ashcroft, a Tory peer, suggests that the exchange of voters between the two parties has dwindled.
The two big parties can try to raid smaller ones. Labour is pursuing left-wing Liberal Democrat voters outraged by their party's compromises in government. The Conservatives are trying to persuade defectors to the right-wing UK Independence Party to return to the fold. But strategists believe this is probably not enough to win either party a parliamentary majority. Non-voters, by contrast, could push them over the line.
Each party sees something to like about these disaffected, mostly working-class Britons. Labour strategists like Marcus Roberts of the Fabian Society, a think-tank, point to non-voters' wariness of big business and bankers, their worries about the rising cost of living and their affection for the National Health Service. Conservatives note that they disapprove of out-of-work benefits, taxes and immigration (non-voters may not turn up, but they do talk to pollsters).
Still, winning them is hard. Non-voters tend to have a deep distrust for what they see as a self-serving elite in Westminster. YouGov, another pollster, asked some whether they would talk to an MP in a neighbouring seat on a long journey. “I do not talk to fuckwits on planes” was a typical answer. Only 7% of non-voters agreed with the statement: “Most MPs are basically honest”.
To overcome this cynicism, generals on both sides urge their political troops to campaign noisily and visibly on local issues. Turn up to everything and invite prospective voters to meetings, advises one Labour candidate, “and for God's sake provide tea.” Face-to-face contact with non-voters is much more effective than mailshots and phone calls, agrees David Skelton, a prominent Tory campaigner.
Emulating Barack Obama (though with much less money) Britain's parties have hired organisers to build grassroots campaigns in crucial constituencies. The Conservatives have even recruited Jim Messina, the brains behind the Obama machine, to advise them. Labour has Arnie Graf, an American with decades of experience of running community campaigns in gritty bits of Chicago and Baltimore. In Preston, a northern town, his neighbourhood meetings at first attracted five people; now over 400 local residents attend.
Elsewhere, would-be Labour MPs have taken to championing credit unions and food banks. Many of their Conservative counterparts hold jobs fairs. Some Tory associations, including the one in Ely, are trying to overcome apathy by inviting local residents to help select candidates. Paul Bristow, one of those shortlisted there, hopes that the final selection on December 7th will attract at least 100 non-members.
Base instincts
If successful, such innovations could boost turnout and upend British politics. For years, parties have run elections with an iron grip, precision-engineering policies and messages for broadcast. But if non-voters are as important as some think, such methods will be less important. No amount of advertising will win their trust; instead, the parties will need lots of boots on the ground. That is good news for Labour, with its larger, younger membership, and bad news for the greying, shrinking Conservative Party.
British politics would undoubtedly benefit from greater trust and voter engagement. Perhaps the new emphasis on non-voters will help advance both. Yet there is danger for parties in chasing those disinclined to vote. History suggests that when politicians play to core voters they make bad policies; far better to colonise the political middle ground. But the parties seem to be convincing themselves that banging on about fat cats (in Labour's case) and immigrants (in the Conservatives' case) can in effect broaden their political base. By seeing in non-voters echoes of their most basic instincts, they risk being led away from the sensible centre. That way ruin lies.
WARNING: This story features some graphic language.
BOSTON — The New England Patriots held their Super Bowl Victory Parade on Wednesday, and several players appeared to take shots at the Seahawks.
Patriots receiver Julian Edelman, the guy who caught the Pats' last touchdown, appeared to hold a sign of a Richard Sherman meme that said “HOW MANY RINGS DOES BRADY HAVE?”
According to Bleacher Report, Sherman was seen taunting the Pats when the Seahawks went up 24 – 14 late in the 3rd quarter.
And then there's this.
Running backs LeGarrette Blount and Brandon Bolden apparently each held up a shirt that said “B**** MODE” with the number 24.
Safety Devin McCourty and some of his teammates appeared to take aim at the recent Sports Illustrated cover featuring the Legion of Boom.
The NFL's BEST Secondary should have been on the cover of Sports Illustrated last week but we don't care lol (D-Mac) pic.twitter.com/SW22ssL5LW — Devin&Jason McCourty (@McCourtyTwins) February 4, 2015
The #Seahawks Legion of Boom nabs the cover of Sports Illustrated leading into the Super Bowl @SInow pic.twitter.com/LxTmU2MuQ6 — Rachel Nichols (@Rachel__Nichols) January 27, 2015
Bleacher Report had this to say:
"The first time he calls you holy,
you laugh it back so hard your sides hurt.
The second time,
you moan gospel around his fingers
between your teeth.
He has always surprised
you into surprising yourself.
Because he's an angel hiding his halo
behind his back and
nothing has ever felt so filthy
as plucking the wings from his shoulders—
undressing his softness
one feather at a time.
God, if you're out there,
if you're listening,
he fucks like a seraphim,
and there's no part of scripture
that ever prepared you for his hands.
Hands that map a communion
in the cradle of your hips.
Hands that kiss hymns up your sides.
He confesses how long he's looked
for a place to worship and,
oh,
you put him on his knees.
When he sinks to the floor and moans
like he can't help himself,
you wonder if the other angels
fell so sweet.
He says his prayers between your thighs
and you dig your heels into the base of his spine
until he blushes the color of your filthy tongue.
You will ruin him and he will thank you;
he will say please.
No damnation ever looked as cozy as this,
but you fit over his hips like they
were made for you.
You fit, you fit, you fit.
On top of him, you are an ancient god
that only he remembers and he
offers up his skin.
And you take it.
Who knew sacrifice was so profane?
And once you've taught him how to hold
your throat in one hand
and your heart in the other,
you will have forgotten every other word,
except his name."
— PROFANE, by Ashe Vernon
Japanese game developer Gust began streaming a 12-minute gameplay video for its Ar no Surge ~Umareizuru Hoshi e Inoru Uta~ PlayStation 3 role-playing game on Saturday. The video shows the game's battle system and the ability to dive into girls similar to Ar Tonelico . It also ends with a bonus dance sequence.
Ar no Surge will have ties with Gust's earlier Ar Tonelico RPGs. Ar no Surge director Akira Tsuchiya also worked on Ar Tonelico , and administrator Shurelia from the first Ar Tonelico PlayStation 2 game, 2006's Ar tonelico: Melody of Elemia (Aru toneriko: Sekai no Owari de Utai Tsudzukeru Shōjo) , will play a major role in Ar no Surge's story.
The game will also have ties with the first Surge Concerto game, Ciel Nosurge ~Ushinawareta Hoshi e Sasagu Shi~ . Akiko Shikata, Haruka Shimotsuki, Noriko Mitose, Yoshino Nanjou, and Origa are contributing music to the new game.
Gust will release Ar no Surge ~Umareizuru Hoshi e Inoru Shi~ in Japan on March 6. The regular edition will retail for 7,140 yen (about US$68), the "Agent Pack" special edition will retail for 10,290 yen (US$98), and a download edition will retail for 6,300 yen (US$60).
The Ar Tonelico game inspired the original video anime project of the same name. NIS America released the Ar Tonelico games in North America.
[Via Gematsu]
Log into FolkAlley
« Music for the Holidays - 2012 Edition | Main | Folk Alley's Best of 2012 - Elena See's Top Picks of the Year » Folk Alley's Best of 2012 - Jim Blum's Top Picks of the Year Jim Blum's Top Picks of 2012 Some new albums jump out at you, others grow on you. The following collection represents my observations after sampling hundreds of submissions over the year. Though Folk Alley's mission is to provide a healthy mix of many styles, these selections were based on individual merit only. In most cases, multiple songs from each release were chosen for rotation (an obvious indicator). Other factors included originality, technique, poetry, arrangement, performance, and frankly, flair. These are my picks for 2012, in order.
1) I Draw Slow - 'Redhills' --- Kind of bizarre name, but this group doesn't need to do make anything up to draw attention to them. Most obviously defined as an old time string band, I Draw Slow is all acoustic, 5 pieces, but unlike most string bands most of the songs are original. Lead by siblings Dave (guitar) and Louise (voice) Holden, this album is engaging, beautiful, and consistent from start to finish. Believe it or not, though they sound like they're from North Carolina, they are from Ireland.
2) The Honeycutters - 'When Bitter Met Sweet' --- From Asheville, singer Amanda Anne Platt leads the way with songs of regret, challenge, and new found hope. If you see the full band live they might sound a bit of country rock at times, but most of this album isn't honky tonk, it's acoustic - perhaps "folk-tonk." Check out "For Eleanora," a lament for a great singer despite poor circumstances. Peter James's guitar playing is subtle and full of taste throughout.
3) Kasey Chambers & Shane Nicholson - 'Wreck and Ruin' --- This should be no surprise; the Australian duo's 2008 release 'Rattlin' Bones' was the #1 album that year. You should have both. Though Kasey has found success with pop and rock, these recordings with her husband are banjo and fiddle driven, and despite growing up listening to American country legends in the Australian outback, these songs are original, and you'll soon be singing along with them.
4) Rani Arbo & Daisy Mayhem - 'Some Bright Morning' --- Fiddler and singer Rani Arbo recovered fully from a cancer which could have robbed her life, and the gifts keep on coming. "Miami Moon" is a delightful celebration of a love gone right; "Bridges" makes us think twice about things in life we believe are permanent. This is not the first group to interpret Alfred Lord Tennyson's "Crossing The Bar," but no one gives it more meaning.
5) Darrell Scott - 'Long Road Home' --- There are few legitimate triple threats, but Darrell Scott is a monster singer, writer, and session player on multiple instruments. These songs cover a range of emotions, from "No Use Living For Today" to "You're Everything I wanted Love to Be." He brought in several legends for this recording: Hargus "Pig" Robbins on piano, Lloyd Green on pedal steel, and Charlie McCoy and Mickey Raphael on harmonicas.
6) Nels Andrews - 'Scrimshaw' --- Where has this guy been hiding? In the library, maybe. Andrews is based in Brooklyn and was a New Folk Finalist at Kerrville. These songs are thoughtful, deeply poetic, and real catchy. The full band arrangements are varied to keep things interesting and have the right energy to invite you in and convince you to stay. The whole album is solid and should attract younger listeners through the indie groove, while not disappointing the veteran listener who demands depth.
7) Mariel Vandersteel - 'Hickory' --- This fiddler performed at a recent Folk Alliance conference with Putnam Smith in an old timey setting, with the Celtic roots quartet Annalivia, and then during her own showcase she played brilliantly on a Norwegian Hardanger Fiddle. A graduate of the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Mariel can play well in any folk style, all with joy, and this album will prove it. David Grisman's son Sam Grisman plays bass. All instrumental.
8) 100 Mile House - 'Hollow Ponds' --- From Edmonton, Alberta, this group is led by husband and wife Peter Stone and Denise MacKay. The songs are dreamy and soft spoken, but by no means dull. Listen for themes of escape or second chances. You'll catch yourself wondering why we continue to wish for things we can't have. Multi instrumentalist Scott Zubot fills out the sound nicely. (2011 release)
9) Steep Canyon Rangers - 'Nobody Knows You' --- Though they back up Steve Martin on tour, The Steeps can hold their own as live performances and all of their CDs demonstrate. Some might label them traditional, but they've given us a whole batch of new songs which do not cover tired themes. "Rescue Me" is a cry for help; "Between Midnight and Dawn" is for those on hold; "Open Country" is a joyous realization of the freedom of the road. Woody Platt sings, and Nicky Sanders on fiddle may be Scotty Stoneman reincarnated.
10) Chatham County Line - 'Sight and Sound' --- This is the third band from North Carolina in this top ten list (The Honeycutters and The Steep Canyon Rangers are the other two.) 'Sight and Sound' is a live album with most of the chatter cut out. Though some of their popular songs are included, they smartly add many songs not previously recorded. Chatham County Line presents one of our best examples of ensemble playing - these guys really are on the same page - showing that rehearsal counts. The overall live energy was captured and this "feels" like "Old And In The Way" from 35 years ago.
Posted by Linda Fahey at December 17, 2012 8:34 PM
Son Volt
Phosphate Skin
Full Playlist
April 2018 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
Copyright © 2019 Folk Alley™, All Rights Reserved.
Send comments & suggestions to:
FolkAlley.com, 1613 East Summit Street, Kent, OH 44242-0001
Produced by WKSU, A Service of Kent State University
Contact Us | Sitemap
this
all
really
Mozilla is deeply dependent on Google for operating revenue.
After a certain period of time spent programming, you develop a kind of sixth sense about what programs are doing. Surprisingly often, this sixth sense turns out to be right. I don't know if what I'm about to say is right. I do know that my sixth sense is telling me something.I've been a Firefox user for years, and I still like Firefox, the way I still like my 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee (with the cast-iron six-cylinder engine) even though it's not the latest-and-greatest model. Lately, though, Firefox has been freezing and/or quitting unexpectedly with greater and greater frequency, even though my browsing habits haven't changed.What's changed over the past couple of years? The Web. Web content has become more and more dynamic, more AJAX-driven, more JavaScript-intensive.JavaScript is a great language, but like a lot of languages these days it relies on programmers being careful about how they manage runtime objects. It's surprisingly easy , if you manipulate the DOM a lot, to generate code that leaks memory. See this nice writeup for more info (also see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/Debugging_memory_leaks ).My contention is that most AJAX code leaks memory like a sieve, andis why more and more users are seeing their browsers (not just Firefox, but IE, Safari, and Chrome as well) freeze up and die in normal operation these days. The various browsers differ in how they manage memory and how they do garbage collection. Chrome, in particular, has undergone significant changes recently in how it handles garbage collection. This is no accident. It's in response to the greater challenges imposed onbrowsers today by dynamic web pages.When I leave AJAX-intensive web pages open all day in Firefox, I eventually find that Firefox is using 1.3 gigabytes or more of RAM. Usually, by the time it reaches 1.4 gigabytes, the browser freezes (goes white) and then either dies outright, or unfreezes again after 30 or 40 seconds. If it manages to unfreeze, usually about 60 megabytes of RAM have been freed up (according to Task Manager). But then memory usage marches upwards again and it freezes (goes white) again, within seconds. The freeze/unfreeze cycle continues until Firefox unceremoniously crashes.My programmer's sixth sense tells me that when memory usage exceeds a certain level, Firefox lacks sufficient headroom to carry out a proper garbage collection cycle. Partway through the cycle, it runs out of memory and initiates another GC cycle. This repeats until the program is in what one might call a GC panic. Uncommanded program termination is the inevitable result.Firefox is often roundly criticized for its tendency to "leak memory," but I would caution that it is not really the core program that is leaking memory. It's really the AJAX code running in JavaScript-intensive pages that's causing the memory leakage.So ironically, Firefox's reputation is suffering not because of anything Mozilla's programmers are doing, but because of web developers who are using jQuery and tons of other popular libraries indiscriminately, without regard to memory leakage. (Be sure to have a look at this blog post about jQuery's role in memory leakage.)I haven't done careful testing, but I can tell you (from daily experience) that if I leave Gmail open in Firefox all night, Firefox will run out of memory by morning. If I leave Facebook and Twitter open as well, I can count on running out of memory in just a few hours.Now here's where it starts to gettroubling.Mozilla's greatest revenue source today (accounting for more than 80 percent of annual income ) is Google.And yet, it is in direct competition with Google for browser market-share. Recently, the Firefox and Chrome adoption curves crossed , with Firefox now lagging behind Chrome for the first time.There's a huge conflict of interest here. If you buy the theory that most people who abandon Firefox do so because it crashes (runs out of memory) unpredictably, it stands to reason that all Google has to do to pick up market share in the browser world is publish AJAX-intensive web pages (Google Search, Gmail, Google Maps, etc.) of a kind that Firefox's garbage-collection algorithms choke on — and in the meantime, improve Chrome's own GC algorithms to better handle just those sorts of pages.That's exactly what seems to be going on. Or at least that's what my gut says.And my gut is sometimes right.
Cuts to Medicaid, particularly, and even to Medicare, are integral to offsetting huge tax cuts before Congress. These safety net cuts — which would heavily fall upon seniors — are framed in the guise of “saving” the programs or giving states “flexibility.”
According to the latest Congressional Budget Office report, spending on Medicaid rose just 2 percent in fiscal 2017, which ended Sept. 30.
ADVERTISEMENT
The $6 billion increase in federal outlays for Medicaid in fiscal 2017 can be compared to as much as $8.5 billion in federal revenue to be lost in the first year alone from a new estate tax break. Analysis shows this would only benefit the wealthiest 0.2 percent of estates. And yet Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in his honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation his version of power grab MORE (R-Utah) writes it is Medicaid that “is bankrupting both state and federal governments.”
Some policymakers try to confuse the rate of growth in Medicaid spending under the ACA's Medicaid expansion with growth in the program predating that expansion. Huge cuts are rosily-described so as not to alarm.
For example, an Oct. 31 House Budget Committee document has the Orwellian headline “Sustaining Medicare and Medicaid.” Perhaps only in Washington, D.C. would a $473 billion cut to Medicare be called “sustaining.” And a Budget Committee FAQ posted online airily states that “[t]he Medicaid proposals in the budget put America's most vulnerable first” — an explanation hard to reconcile with over $1 trillion in Medicaid cuts.
For all the talk in Washington, D.C. of “block grants” and “per-capita caps” giving Medicaid control to the states, the states already control Medicaid. The federal government only matches what states are willing to spend. Thus, according to a 2016 federal actuarial report, “from 2011 through 2015, long-term care expenditures decreased at an average rate of 0.8 percent per year[.]” Not bad when you consider that over that same four-year period, the cost of employer-sponsored health insurance went up 15 percent for private employers, according to federal data.
So where is the real problem, policymakers?
Medicaid isn't out-of-control. Texas, which never expanded Medicaid under the ACA, has cut traditional Medicaid so severely that children with special needs — even the need for assistance in eating without gagging — have lost therapy.
The two-year Texas budget adopted this year cut Medicaid by $1.9 billion, a huge federal savings in matching funds. Even with cuts, and failing to “fund either medical inflation or services demands,” the nonpartisan, business-backed Texas Taxpayers and Research Association estimates Texas may have dug itself a $2 billion hole by relying upon federal money that may not come. There just isn't room for even conservative states like Texas to do more with less, as congressional Republicans would propose.
Furthermore, state Medicaid cuts are occurring under an existing federal matching system while our nation is in a period of steady, if patchy, economic growth.
Medicaid is generally first on the chopping block in periods of economic downturn or recession. Under such circumstances, limiting an infusion of federal resources would add to the economic calamity states would face, because Medicaid primarily goes to wages and, currently, each state dollar spent draws no less than a federal matching dollar. Not only does Medicaid sustain vital care, it is classic economic stimulus.
Our nation already has a massive federal debt. Congressional Republicans have inextricably linked the future of vulnerable Americans to the success, or failure, of their tax cut proposals in growing the nation's economy. Assuming deficits increase, which seems certain, federal Medicaid and Medicare cuts will inexorably worsen as a means to offset the lost revenue. This approach must be rejected.
Brendan Williams is the president/CEO of the New Hampshire Health Care Association.
Recently, we invited you to share your favorite audio hacks / MacGyvers / jury-rigs / tips / moments of brilliance…and share, you did.
It wasn't easy, but our in-house audio genius team managed to choose 10 winners from among all the entries to our Your Best Audio Hack Competition. Winners were chosen based on the following criteria: Does the hack work? Is it original? And is it repeatable? If the answer to all three was a resounding, “Eureka! YES!” then said hack entered the winners' circle.
In no particular order, below are the 10 winning entries. Have you tried any of them before? What was your experience?
Hack #1: Simple Isolation for Voice-over
Any reasonably thick (1″ plus), reasonably sized (14″ x 16″) closed-cell foam packing material can be deftly utilized to create a far more “immediate” sound from your condenser microphone, such as a Shure KSM32, KSM42 or KSM44A, by simply cutting a four-inch slit into the center of the long dimension, and sliding it over the mic clip BEHIND the microphone capsule area. Coat hanger wire can be inserted if you want a custom curve ability. Works predictably and equals manufactured items designed for the same purpose. – Peter Bruce Wilder
Hack #2: SM57 vs. Drummer
After several SM57s were broken by drummers over the years, I found a solution to the problem. Looking through my sometime-I-may-need-this pile, I came across the corner edge guard used to protect wallpaper. Cutting a piece three inches long and cutting one end to a point, I placed it over the business end of the SM57 and simply gaff-taped it to the microphone. It has been in use for over three years as a snare mic, and no breaks. Added plus: it helps isolate the snare mic from the hi-hat. – Mike Smith
Hack #3: Low(est)-budget Mic
Growing up needing a microphone, I would take an old set of headphones and plug them into the mic jack. One of them would always pick up my voice well enough to sing through until I could save enough for a real mic. – Joshua Savage
Hack #4: Lights. Drums. Action!
Using a TRS plug, a 10K Ohm resistor, 2 red LEDs, and some wire, make the circuit as shown above. Plug this into the insert of a channel used for the kick drum. Place the LEDs so you can see them. This acts as a soft clipper for the kick. It's great because you are able to use channel EQ after clipping. – David Hilderman
Hack #5: Testing 1, 2, 3
You can test the signal from any male XLR line or mic level output simply by touching the tip of a standard 1/8″ (3.5 mm) headphone jack to the middle and any other pin! Super-handy for checking boards and mult boxes! – Andrew Logan
Hack #6: Guitar Tuning with Headphones
Put a pair of headphones (Shure, of course) over the body of an acoustic guitar, as if the area near the bridge were your head. Let the padded cups rest on the soundboard and the back. Then, plug the headphones into your favorite tuner. Pluck a note, and the tuner lights up! Genius! The headphones are acting like a microphone and picking up the vibrations of the guitar. Now the drummer and bass player can still yack it up, talking loudly about the latest nonsense they've seen on YouTube, and you can go about tuning in peace. – David Cole
Hack #7: Instant Speaker Cable
Desperate for a speaker cable because yours is busted? Take an old extension cord and solder the old cable's connectors to it. Fully capable of withstanding your high-powered speaker signal! – Aaron Scott Cronon
Hack #8: SM58® + Towel = Piano Mic?
If you need to mic a grand piano and have limited supplies, an SM58 will work excellently.
Unscrew the windscreen, and store in a safe place. Wrap the microphone in a small bar or hand towel, leaving the mic element exposed. Inside the curve of the grand (high end), tape the towel and mic bundle down to the soundboard of the piano with the element just over the second sound hole. Use gaffers tape. Close the lid.
This will give you a nice balance of highs and lows and is excellent in emergency situations when the proper microphone is not available. – Marcel Graham
Hack #9: How Not To Burn Yourself Making Cables
Probably the handiest trick I ever learned was this: When making custom cables (or fixing broken ones), instead of trying to clamp the connecters in a vice, or clumsily hold them in your fingers (inevitably burning your digits on the soldering iron), an old di box works wonders to hold your connectors in place. Most di boxes will have jacks to hold your 1/4″ and XLR plugs stable, and in a workable position, leaving both your hands free to work with the cable and soldering iron, not to mention out of harm's way from the soldering tip and molten metal. Disclaimer: There's not usually much inside a di box to damage, but use an old or cheap one, just in case! – Andrew Stockley
Hack #10: Instant Omnidirectional Mic
If I'm in need of a omnidirectional mic, for a quick fix, I tape off the rejection area around the sides of an SM57, and I'm good to go. This had helped more times than I can count. – Scott Kuhn
LAST UPDATED @ 12:33PM (2.6.2016)
Bernie Sanders speaking at an event in Phoenix, Arizona. (Photo: Gage Skidmore
WASHINGTON ( The Nil Admirari ) - Today, the results of a TNA study showed a sizable minority of American voters were disturbed by the honesty and consistent record of Democratic presidential candidate U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. These Americans found it difficult to accept there was a politician who dared to tell hard truths rather than politically beneficial lies, and explicitly refused to use the divide and conquer strategy utilized by other politicians to trick the vast majority of Americans into fighting each other over economic scraps."Forty-three percent of American voters are very disturbed by Bernie Sanders, because they see his honesty and consistent record as something comparable to a dragon or a unicorn," explained Senior TNA Researcher Dick Schneider, who noted dragons and unicorns were viewed less favorably than Sanders and more favorably than Hillary Clinton.Schneider continued, "These Americans didn't think there existed a politician capable of offering them the truth and a record of fighting for economic and social justice. Bernie's push to break up the banks and protect Americans from Wall Street's avarice is absolutely consistent with his record.""Many of these Americans really want to support Senator Sanders, but are unsure of what to do after being lied to for so long," stated Schneider.An unidentified member of the press asked Schneider if there was a way for Bernie Sanders to make Americans more comfortable with him."He could push some self-serving lies, and play into the plutocrats' game by adopting a divide and rule strategy," replied Schneider.
Steve Scalise, the congressman who was shot Wednesday morning during a GOP baseball practice in Virginia, is a long-serving lawmaker who once had to defend himself against allegations that he spoke at an event organized by a group linked to infamous KKK leader David Duke.
Scalise said in 2014 he didn't remember appearing at the white supremacist group European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) conference in 2002 and denied supporting the group, according to the New Orleans Times-Picayune.
“I didn't know who all of these groups were and I detest any kind of hate group. For anyone to suggest that I was involved with a group like that is insulting and ludicrous,” Scalise had said.
Scalise, 51, the House Majority Whip has served as the No. 3 Republican in the House for about three years and represents the 1st District of Louisiana.
He was first elected to Congress in 2008 after serving in the Louisiana State Senate for four months and 12 years in the state's House of Representatives.
As whip, he's tasked with making sure there are enough votes to push Republican-backed legislation and was a key player in the repeal of Obamacare.
An avid baseball fan, Scalise has played on the congressional team since he started in Congress, CNN reported. His office features pictures from games from previous years.
Scalise and his wife Jennifer have two children. He was a computer systems engineer before making the move to politics.
Scalise was shot in the hip and was undergoing surgery Wednesday at a DC area hospital, according to a statement from his office.
He was said to be in good spirits.
The city scores highly in qualitative surveys as well. U.S. News and World Report's 2016 Best Places to Live study ranked the city No. 1. Its proximity to outdoor recreation, a progressive mind-set and its walkability were all cited as factors.
Those were some of the attractions for Adam Frank, 35, a Brooklyn native and lawyer who moved here in 2011.
“Best decision I ever made,” Mr. Frank said. “It has a lot of old homes with character and doesn't look like a prefab community.”
He also cited the brewpubs and restaurants, as well as access to skiing and hiking, which he loves and could do only rarely while living in New York.
Mr. Frank and his wife, Kathleen, a California native, met here and live in the Baker section in an 1886 two-story, mansard-style house. A partner in a civil rights law firm, he said he appreciated the entrepreneurism here that helped give him and his law partner the impetus to put up their shingle in 2015.
“It is definitely a friendly place for people looking to start a business or throw new ideas out there,” he said.
One new idea, of course, was Colorado's legalization of marijuana sales in 2014.
How much impact does that have on the city's coolness factor among millennials? “Some have speculated that it helped put Denver on the map,” said Carrie Makarewicz, an assistant professor in the College of Architecture and Planning at the University of Colorado Denver. “It got national news coverage and made people think of Denver as this more progressive place.”
I've been a race car driver for as long as I can remember — in video games, of course. It's been a good existence. Driving at over 150 MPH under a launching space shuttle (thanks, Asphalt 8) can be quite a thrill, but there has been something missing: the visceral feel of live action. That is, until recently, when I was competing on a conference table-sized flexible track with tiny, yet remarkably intelligent race cars that are all part of the upcoming Anki Overdrive.
See also: Real FX Racing is Throwback With 21st Century Smarts
The name Anki may be familiar to some of you. It was the surprise guest at Apple's 2013 World Wide Developer's conference where it unveiled Anki Drive, a robotics-based race car game the combined an iOS App control system with a real track and electric toy race cars. The $200 final product, which arrived in stores that October, was pretty impressive. It featured an oval-pre-printed rack and two cars that could read the road, see each other and connected via Bluetooth to the Anki app.
AnkiOverdrive Cars Image: Mashable, Mark Andrew Boyer
With Anki Overdrive, though, Anki has gone more than a few steps further, creating what may be the best possible version of the classic slot-based, physical racing games. Each $150 started kit comes 10 pieces of straight and curved flexible track that snap together magnetically. There are also some elevation pieces, a four-car charging base and a tire cleaner. During my time with the set, we must have done three or four different configurations. I only wish the slot systems of my childhood had been so easy.
As with the original set, Anki Overdrive includes two cars, though all the light-weight, palm-sized racers (additional ones cost $49 a piece) now benefit from the design chops of Harald Belker, the designer responsible for the look of the vehicles in Tron Legacy and Batman and Robin (you can't blame him for the quality of those films). Anki's cars include their own personalities and driving styles. Skull, for example, is a high-speed racer that features a canon. In Anki Overdrive, the “commander' you choose in the app further modifies the driving style, whether you're controlling the cars, or not. Anki representative told me that these new virtual race car drivers make it feel like you're racing against a human instead of the computer (though, if it's just you, you are racing against a computer).
One of the reasons Anki Overdrive works so well is that, to be honest, you are not entirely in control. Each race starts with all the cars, whether you have one or four on the track, slowly driving around the track while one of them ingests the infrared information embedded in each flexible track section. Once it has read the layout, it can share it with the other race cars. I love how, after consuming the layout, all the cars would automatically line up at the start line.
The countdown then begins within the app and the cars take off.
There are a number of different racing styles including a 15-lap race where you strive to be first and a King of the Hill mode. I probably enjoyed the straight racing style the most. Anki Overdrive cars will stay on the track on their own, but you can go fast enough to go flying off. Initially, I played in a level where, no matter how fast I went, I never left the track, but then the Anki reps enabled a burst mode, which I learned to use on straightaways (if I did it on curves, I flew off the track). During the race, I titled the iPhone (you can race against other iPhone or Android users or against the cars) from side-to-side to steer back and forth across the track. This was great for cutting off other drivers or even forcing them right off the track.
Anki Overdrive cars have personality and so do their virtual drivers (Commanders) who have particular driving styles, favorite track setups and their own ways of celebrating. Image: Anki
The more I played, the more competitive I became. Plus, more racing and more wins meant better performance and more weapons I could use through the game. I admit, it would be fun to endlessly race around a variety off track layouts, but the built-in extensibility — that similarity to a video race game — is one of the things that makes Anki Overdrive special. The other thing is all the ways the cars, which are basically computers, can interact with each other. During one of my races, I used one car's virtual grappling hook to shoot at another cars can slow it down. There's also a lot of sound to consume. The cars make a sort of clicking sound as they buzz around the track and the whole time I was racing, the iPhone app played accompanying sounds affects and added cheesy voice overs that, I assume, kids will appreciate.
Anki Overdrive's Controller is smart, simple and easy-to-use. Image: Anki
During my hands-on experience, we had four or five cars at our disposal, so we always had at least two cars to race. Anki Overdrive cars, including the two cars that ship with the starter set, Skull and Groundshock, can run for 25 minutes on a charge.
Anki Overdrive ships on September 20 and while Anki has no plans for micro-transactions, the manufacturers promise that the game will grow and change over time with downloadable updates. Plus you can always add more and more track pieces, like a four-way intersection “Collision Kit" and additional elevation rails. At one point we build a four-inch jump gap for the cars, which, when they had enough speed, most of the cars made without a problem.
As I watched the Anki team pack up Anki Overdrive, I had a little pang of nostalgia for my own old Marx racing set. Of course, that one took an hour to set up and the cars usually broke down in between every race. Anki Overdrive, on the other hand, is one of the best illustrations I've seen to date of what robotics and artificial intelligence can do for real world toys and video games.
WASHINGTON ― Let's stipulate two things right away.
One: Americans have lost faith in the press. Two: Much of that faith was drained away either by the press's own mistakes, or by economic and technological changes that (so far) have done more to undermine the press's credibility than to enhance it.
In one poll last April, for the AP, an astonishingly low 6 percent of voters said that they possessed a lot of confidence in the media.
Media mistakes are hideously glaring, and on all sides, on all scales, and all shades of the political spectrum ― from under-covering unjust police tactics used against minorities to utterly missing the rise of Donald Trump in the old industrial states of the North.
The structural flaws are growing: “fake news,” ideologically blinkered sites, anonymously floated viral rumors, Russian hacks and leaks, “agnostic” platforms that deliver it all unfiltered to everyone every second, the decay of the idea of facts themselves.
We have come a very long way since a half-century ago, when an avuncular, mustachioed TV anchor named Walter Cronkite could end each broadcast by declaring “that's the way it is” ― and the American public by and large nodded in agreement.
But all of that has changed.
President-elect Trump has many gifts, one of which is an unerring feral sense of when to manufacture a foe out of someone or something, and then attack the weaknesses of that “foe” to his advantage. He knows precisely how unpopular the media is; even as he rode the press to power like a rented mule, he beat it like a rented mule, too.
He is now of two minds about how to proceed.
At times, he's opened the golden spigots of Trumpian charm a bit to provide access and scoops and interviews to favored outlets. He even candidly mused aloud at his first press conference in months last week that it was the press that had made him, and so perhaps it would be in his interest to be respectful.
But then he lashed out at BuzzFeed and CNN, seeking to divide the press corps (which he quickly did), and now someone in his inner circle has leaked to Esquire that Trump is going to kick the press corps out of its long-held perch in the White House.
Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP President Barack Obama speaks in the press briefing room of the White House in December.
There are wise guys in the media itself (they tend to be based in New York) who think the White House press corps is so brain-dead that a physical presence is either meaningless or false advertising.
The press area itself looks like a place in need of reform if not fumigation. The familiar little auditorium is built over top of the old White House swimming pool and solarium that connected the house proper to the famous warren of offices in the West Wing. In rooms behind the auditorium, and in the basement, there are dozens of desks and tiny booths for reporters and broadcasters. Cockroaches and rats are known to enjoy the amenities.
And now Trump is about to arrive with his tens of millions of social media followers and armies of fervent supporters and unrivaled ability to make worldwide news at the burst of a tweet. Demand for space in the White House probably will grow.
Thus the Esquire leak.
Sensing a political vulnerability and a logistical excuse, Team Trump thinks it is luring the media into what the public will regard as a whiney, self-serving case of special pleading by hated elites.
Why not remove all of that White House mess, and put the press out of the building altogether, to a conference center or building across the street?
Well, let me plead: Close physical proximity to the press secretary matters, and is still and only possible in the current arrangement, where his or her office is 100 feet from the auditorium of the press room.
The driveway entrance to the West Wing outside the press room is equally important territory, for it is the main way into and out of the building for invited political guests and officials. West Wing offices are for the most part off limits to the hordes in the press room, but those officials sometimes can and do come to meet the media ― and the proximity saves time. The Oval Office itself is only steps away, and presidents have been known to make haste to get to the press room when it serves their purpose.
Most important, despite its many flaws and shortcomings, the press still ― and arguably now more than ever ― has an indispensable role to play in what we regard as our representative democracy. Without steady, up close and not-always planned interchange between reporters and officials, the Founders' idea fails.
And then there is the sheer symbolism of it. Don't laugh, and don't dismiss it. The White House belongs to all of the American people, and we all have a right ― and even a responsibility ― to know as much as we can about what is going on in the place.
Even conservatives know that ― or should.
So should the big news network executives and communications CEOs and other honchos of the digital age who have become the pipelines of news even though they don't want to admit it.
In the end, Trump will probably not shut the place down. No one recognizes valuable ― salable ― real estate better than The Donald.
Here's betting he will turn the press room into Mar-a-Lago North. Reporters and news organizations can pay various rates for seats, desks and booths: silver, gold, platinum and titanium.
The biggest of the “big-league” outfits can become members of the exclusive Trump Club, featuring front-row briefing room seats, drink and concierge transcription service and 24-hour walk-in access to Sean Spicer, Steve Bannon and a team of spin butlers.
I've always wondered about this, so I'm glad I was finally able to get an answer. Long story short:
From www.kottke.org:
It's actually pretty cool how this guy figured it out. I read through most of the material and while I didn't go through and check all his calculations, it seems pretty solid to me. Here's the good stuff:
From www.clarkvision.com:
Based on the above data for the resolution of the human eye, let's try a “small” example first. Consider a view in front of you that is 90 degrees by 90 degrees, like looking through an open window at a scene. The number of pixels would be
90 degrees * 60 arc-minutes/degree * 1/0.3 * 90 * 60 * 1/0.3 = 324,000,000 pixels (324 megapixels).
At any one moment, you actually do not perceive that many pixels, but your eye moves around the scene to see all the detail you want. But the human eye really sees a larger field of view, close to 180 degrees. Let's be conservative and use 120 degrees for the field of view. Then we would see
120 * 120 * 60 * 60 / (0.3 * 0.3) = 576 megapixels.
The full angle of human vision would require even more megapixels. This kind of image detail requires A large format camera to record.
Last year, as the 10th anniversary of 9/11 was approaching and the rest of America seemed to be preparing for a memorialization in keeping with the previous decade of jingoism and revenge, three young filmmakers were hard at work on a different sort of commemoration.
Calling themselves the Anti-Banality Union, they cut together scenes from 50 different Hollywood disaster movies, using them to retell a version of of the events of 9/11 and lay bare with encyclopedic thoroughness the bloody fantasy of the destruction of New York that Hollywood has nursed since long before the planes hit the towers.
The result, which you can watch in its entirety above, was Unclear Holocaust, a feature-length orgy of annihilation that is both strangely askew and deeply familiar. It is disturbing, hilarious, and, depending on your sensibilities, quite possibly profoundly offensive.
It's also smart. More than just a supercut of CGI explosions, Unclear Holocaust uses deft Situationist slight-of-hand to interrogate the stories we tell ourselves about our place in the world.
We spoke with the members of the Anti-Banality Union recently about Unclear Holocaust and their next project, Police Mortality. Here's that conversation, condensed and edited for clarity:
You first screened Unclear Holocaust on the 10th anniversary of 9/11. Did people freak out about that?
At the time it was a welcome counter-commemoration, particularly because everyone was dreading all of the press and flag-flying that they were seeing, the insistence on “unity” around New York.
What was your process for making the movie?
We compiled a list of New York-disaster films that was fairly informal, mostly gleaned from memory. Then we went out and stole as many of them as we could, and started identifying tropes, picking out particular analogies to 9/11 itself, and different structural regularities that coalesced into moments we felt were paradigmatic in the genre. We ended up using more than 50 different movies.
Did you watch the movies separately or together?
We were all living in the same room, on our separate computers with headphones on, having highly intense, violent, individual experiences. It was like being alone together for a month. We took it as a phenomenological experiment, seeing what prolonged exposure to this kind of cinema does to one's perception. It became very difficult to look at the Empire State Building or the Chrysler Building without thinking that they looked CG.
Editing also took on this eschatological tenor. There was a hurricane and an earthquake while we were editing the tidal wave scene. Our building started shaking, the ceiling caved in, and we wondered: are we having a 4-D experience of this film? When we finally emerged from the stupor of editing, we were amazed to find that everything remained intact. Nothing had happened at all. The skyline was still there, somehow.
So what were some of the common themes that emerged from all these movies?
After paranoid pedagogy, a lot of them introduce a ‘First Indication of Disturbance'. Something appears on the radar, something out of the normal. The slightest deviation from normality is an immense threat that has to be countered by all means. But it first has to be accounted for, so there's incredible confusion over some minor anomaly by the scientific establishment. That's almost immediately communicated to the military apparatus that makes a real object out of this discrepancy, and then sets to work to most effectively address this imaginary problem that has now taken on real substance. There's a lot of terminology that's interchangeable between the different scenarios. Talk about swarms, invaders, pathogens and masses.
The agent of destruction is often either a natural disaster, aliens, a theological necessity like the rapture – or terrorists. The idea was to remove the objective threat, leaving the various discourses that surround threats in general building and creating the center itself.
Right, there's no center there. It's all the reaction, which becomes the destruction.
There's a scene from Godzilla where we cut Godzilla out, so the military is just flying through New York blowing up buildings, without any adversary. That's why it's an “unclear” holocaust. There's no evident threat.
I liked the “Go to DEFCON Three” sequence, where, once the scientists have warned the government, that call goes out to the populace at large, to regular people in their bedrooms. It foreshadows the back half of the movie, which is so much about the post-disaster retrenchment and the solidification of the police state.
Right. ‘Citizens! Put on your riot gear, and start impounding Muslims at your local stadium!'
And there are these multiple presidencies running in parallel, seemingly at odds.
At first we talked about it as a sort of regime war, where Bill Pullman was the president bent on self-destruction, and President Morgan Freeman is all about rebuilding. But then we realized that, just as in every election, the figures are interchangeable. The population doesn't recognize any inconsistency in different presidents addressing them at different times – the suit doesn't change.
Let's talk about Tom Cruise's function in the movie. He keeps showing up as this ephemeral spirit in the background, of bourgie comfort untouched by disaster.
He's always the image cut to when things become too unbearable. For example, when President Pullman is making a decision about nuclear detonation, he's watching Cocktail. Tom Cruise is the phantasm that occludes the horrible reality.
What about Nicolas Cage? He's a participant in the events, but he also spends a lot of time watching things unfold on TV. He stands in for the audience a lot. I took him to be projecting himself into the disaster in a Wizard of Oz kind of way.
He loses his mustache in 9/11 – that's his character development.
In the film we tried to create these ultra-elaborate systems of mediation where it was always indeterminable whether something was ‘actually' happening, or being watched on a screen. On 9/11, one of us was in a flatiron-shaped building that pointed towards the World Trade Center, from which there was no way of seeing what was happening. We could only see all the people standing in the street, dumbstruck, watching something. We could only see reverse shots, so to speak, an impotent gaze mediated by these other impotent gazes. Otherwise we just sat and watched it on TV from noon until 11pm.
So much of people's experience of 9/11 was mediated through one interface or another. Through television showing it “over and over and over again”, there's this immediate fatigue that sets in. The event is recuperated and reintegrated within the simple media narrative that's manageable, and it happens immediately. It almost comes before the event itself. With all this foreshadowing, everyone knows it's going to happen, so how can it be shown so people will be able to experience it and survive, make it through, tell themselves they've seen it before?
Even for people who did witness 9/11 firsthand somehow, their first response was to go to a media source to counter the unknowability of what was happening. There was this sense of “I don't know what I'm looking at, I need someone to tell me.” They needed narration, to look at it askance.
And yet for some time after 9/11, Hollywood actually backed off depicting the destruction of New York.
For about three years, it was a complete faux-pas to represent that in any way at all. It was edited out of Spider-Man 2, The Time Machine, countless different films. Then with The Day After Tomorrow it becomes fair game again. And with the growth in special effects the destructions are now even more profound.
So, obviously this focus on the destruction of New York is a fixation of Hollywood's, and of our culture. You fuck with that elegantly, but what do you actually make of that fixation? What is it, and what are its consequences?
This came up at a recent screening: Someone asked “Do you think Hollywood caused 9/11?” This is a vulgar formulation. You can't say yes or no. It is involved in a complex of causes and effects. Either way, the desire is there. If it didn't cause 9/11, it wanted 9/11. It gave voice to a broader sort of death-drive on the part of capitalist culture.
Another mistake that that question commits is it places the movies and reality onto different planes. We don't see any discontinuity. If you could, as a sort of thought experiment, see Unclear Holocaust without being aware of the facts of how 9/11 played out, you wouldn't see any change in tone in the movie.
The World Trade Center was actually a total scourge on the skyline of New York. Everyone hated it until maybe the mid-90s, when it had enough tenure that it was just there, one had to accept it, it became a tourist icon.
There's a great Gordon Matta-Clark sketch called The Perfect Horizon – a little children's drawing of the Twin Towers, crossed out, with a sunset behind it. So when they were actually destroyed, it was this thing that everyone wants until they actually get it, and then it's too much, it's horrifying. Your desires scare the shit out of you, and you need security. Someone we spoke to who lives down by Battery Park told us that 9/11 was the worst thing that had happened to the neighborhood since the construction of the World Trade Center.
We were also talking about the film as a parody of the Truther discourse: “It was our government that did it!” That's a very vulgar understanding of geopolitics. Obviously 9/11 was caused in some way or another by the last 100 years in foreign policy, as well as our deep-seated drives. That's not any less true if it wasn't done by U.S. fighter jets with secret government operatives conspiring to confiscate all the surveillance footage.
It's also a fallacy to separate Independence Day from US foreign policy. Independence Day is US foreign policy. It is the most immediately apparent and visible foreign policy that the US has been exporting over the last 100 years.
Regardless of the agent of 9/11, what matters is how it's instrumentalized and the effects of that – most immediately the reintegration of New York within a national conception. It's no longer a leper colony of communists, queers, and gangs. You see a purging of the problematic elements. In every biblical apocalypse, it's the amoral city dwellers that are the victims of the wrath of God. The first victims in these movies are the faceless proletarians, they're the body count. Is this a conscious thesis of Hollywood? To re-present us with this concept that in global conflict the working class is always the main victim?
It also translates to an intrapersonal level. The woman reporter in Godzilla is this incredibly frivolous person, but that decadent element of her character is progressively purged until by the end she's this very pragmatic and austere person who buckles down and accepts sacrifice. The whole episode ultimately is an element in her career trajectory and in Matthew Broderick's love-life.
Can you talk about why you're attracted to this kind of detournement? What is your strategy?
Detournement in its classic formulation is all about using the master's tools to say something you already wanted to say. There's a pre-formulated statement or slogan that simply has to be routed through an existing framework.
What we're doing is different. We summarized our strategy in one sentence: letting the integrated spectacle speak for itself. We weren't trying to formulate some positive analysis or statement about what's happening, but simply manipulate what is already occurring to make it reveal certain secrets about itself that might not be admissible.
So there's a faith on your part that holding the fun-house mirror up to the spectacle is sufficient?
It's a broad survey of how Hollywood sees, and how we've been subjectivated to see events. We want to pose that vision in a way that it becomes impossible for anyone to see that way any longer.
Tell me about what you're working on now, Police Mortality. You've said it's in part a reaction to your experiences around the policing of Occupy Wall Street.
The perfect summary appears in Electra Glide In Blue: “a precisely formulated conspiracy of police genocide.”
We had the idea when we were waiting for a friend to get out of court last December. We were frustrated by a lot of the discourse we heard about police brutality, as if it were a specific moment within police activity and behavior that's isolable and excessive, a kind of excrescence that could be removed to heal the police apparatus. Also the humanism that justified the police activity around Zuccotti: “They're people too, just doing their jobs.”
So we started to compile films in which police were objects of lethal force, and then police conspiracy films, in which all the crimes and assassinations are happening within the police force, and the population is this external element that suffers the consequences. And then police everyday-life movies in general. Some of the best films we watched were just chronicles of police existence – aimless drift movies: someone becomes a cop; their life falls apart; they lose their narrative thread, but they continue to survive that, until maybe they commit suicide. It's a wish-fulfillment project.
I imagine you've seen the latest Batman movie.
We're waiting for the DVD to come out before we finish this project. It's going to fit very well into the climax. That was another incredible thing during the occupations; seeing the recuperation machine at work, seeing them filming The Dark Knight Rises two blocks away from Zuccotti Park.
Or the ‘Liberty Square' episode of Law and Order at Foley Square. That was a great anti-representational direct action: going into the tents on set and shutting down production.
Have you talked yet about a third project?
We've talked about Unclear Family, but that would involve the totality of Hollywood productions. We might not even do a movie for our next project. We're going to have a big Hollywood hangover.
Demetri Martin is a Yale drop out
Martin was the comedian above all who generated the all-important festival "buzz".
He may have been a newcomer to Edinburgh but he had already established himself on the notoriously difficult US comedy circuit.
An online regular on website Comedy Central he has also enjoyed high profile appearances on the David Letterman show and Late Night with Conan O'Brien.
I guess I liked joking around with my friends in the dining hall and stuff like that
Demeti Martin
Martin's Edinburgh show is peppered with charts and diagrams as he talks about his life - Daily Telegraph critic Mark Monahan called him "funny, hypnotic and entirely original".
The influential review in the Scotsman said: "This show is a stunningly clever symbiosis of intellect and humour, nurtured along with some traditional educated American neuroticism and charm."
Writing in the Guardian about his first appearance at Edinburgh, Martin said: "A year ago I didn't know what the fringe festival was. I did know what Perrier was: if you got sauce on your shirt it would help get it out pretty quickly."
A Yale graduate he is said to have spent his junior year composing a palindrome called Dammit, I'm Mad, the longest, non-computer generated, sense making palindrome in English, during his class in Fractals.
He started comedy after attending New York university law school.
'Joking'
He told the Yale Herald: "I went right to NYU Law School after college, and when I got there I figured I'd have to do stand up at least once, give it a shot.
"I guess I liked joking around with my friends in the dining hall and stuff like that.
"And NYU Law School is right across from a comedy club, and I was passing it every day, and it was calling me every time."
Martin dropped out of law school after winning an internship with the TV network Comedy Central.
After getting his first taste of stand up he knew he had found his career.
"That first night I got off stage and had this high, like I had found something that really fit," he said.
The former BC Liberal caucus worker expected to be a key witness against two party strategists charged with Election Act violations said life has been emotionally and financially challenging since she quit almost two years ago.
Two Liberal Strategists Charged over 'Quick Wins' read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Sepideh Sarrafpour, a BC Liberal caucus ethnic outreach contractor from Oct. 2011 to Oct. 2012, told The Tyee she was shunned by the party, potential employers and community groups for which she volunteered after she was unwittingly connected to the leaked Multicultural Outreach Strategy.
"I was going through hardship, really. I was almost for one year jobless, boycotted and blacklisted by Liberals," Sarrafpour told The Tyee. "When that email came out my situation got worse and worse, and nobody wanted to hire me, nobody wanted to give me a job."
The so-called leaked Quick Wins plan, aimed at holding onto power by gaining votes among ethnic groups, was revealed by the NDP in late Feb. 2013.
The Liberals chose to wait until after the election to release 10,000 pages of email correspondence about the strategy. Mixed in the heavily censored documents was a Sept. 18, 2012 email by former multiculturalism communications director Brian Bonney that referred to a potential bribe of Sarrafpour.
"Have [MLA] Harry Bloy meet with her and explain how doing anything would damage the Premier and the party. Have him say how he will try to find her work and get her back involved... If need be, offer x dollars per month to do non public work up to election [developing her database of potential supporters]."
Sarrafpour not charged
Sarrafpour quit in Oct. 2012 and was not charged. But Bonney, who left government before the scandal erupted, and BC Liberal field operations director Mark Robertson were on Sept. 8. They will appear in Vancouver Provincial Court on Oct. 14. The charges under the Election Act, related to by-election contributions, were recommended by special prosecutor David Butcher, whose investigation is ongoing.
The court documents allege Sarrafpour was provided by Bonney and Robertson to work on the unsuccessful by-election campaign of Port Moody-Coquitlam BC Liberal candidate Dennis Marsden in spring 2012.
Sarrafpour declined to answer questions about the infamous email or the Marsden campaign.
"I'm going to wait for the court," she said.
She said she was just as surprised as many British Columbians when the leaked Quick Wins document was released by the NDP. She said she realized the party used her for her connections in various ethnic organizations.
"They hired me and based on that they gave me my role, do this, do that, go to this event, you are building bridges between government and ethnic communities," she said.
"When someone leaked the strategic plan, at that time I found out that it was a strategy, a plan, for the job that I'm doing! It was one of the things that was bothering me, I was not involved, but my name was all over the media."
EASTPORT — For the 15th year, Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, spent July Fourth marching through this town of 1,331, a short boat ride away from Canada. She walked and waved, next to marching bands and Shriner-driven lobster boats. Her constituents cheered – and then asked whether she would vote against repealing the Affordable Care Act.
“There was only one issue. That's unusual. It's usually a wide range of issues,” Collins said in an interview after the parade. “I heard, over and over again, encouragement for my stand against the current version of the Senate and House health care bills. People were thanking me, over and over again. ‘Thank you, Susan!' ‘Stay strong, Susan!' ”
Collins, whose opposition to the Better Care Reconciliation Act helped derail last week's plans for a quick vote, is being lobbied to smother it and make Congress start over. Republicans, who skipped the usual committee process in the hopes of passing a bill quickly, are spending the Fourth of July recess fending off protesters, low poll numbers and newspaper front pages that warn of shuttered hospitals and 22 million people being shunted off their insurance. It was a bill, Collins said, that she just couldn't vote for.
“If you took a blank sheet of paper and said, ‘How could we get a bill that would really hammer Maine,' this would be it,” said Sen. Angus King, I-Maine, who walked ahead of Collins in the parade.
IN RARE COMPANY
Few Republicans have responded like Collins, who let voters know where to find her. Last month, when Congress broke for the long holiday, just four of the Senate's 52 Republicans – Collins, Ted Cruz, R-Texas, Dean Heller, R-Nev., and Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, – announced appearances at Fourth of July parades. Just three – Cruz, Jerry Moran, R-Kan., and Bill Cassidy, R-La., – said they would hold public town hall meetings. All have criticized the bill; three “no” votes would sink it.
Still, the relative scarceness of the senators – more of them joined a delegation to Afghanistan this week than scheduled town halls – challenged the busy liberal “resistance” movement. Since the repeal debate began, protesters have made direct confrontations with elected officials a central part of their opposition to the Republican bill – copying what worked for tea party activists, who packed Democratic town halls during the lengthy 2009-10 Affordable Care Act debate.
In the run-up to July 4, activists shared details of Republican appearances on sites created by the progressive group Indivisible (“Red, White, and You”) and the crowdsourced Town Hall Project. Democratic senators who spoke at a June 28 rally outside the Capitol repeatedly urged activists to make noise wherever they saw Republicans. It was the protesters, they said, who had repeatedly spoiled Republicans' plans to pass a bill and move on to tax restructuring. A president who had once floated a special session of Congress to repeal the Affordable Care Act had become distracted by feuds with the media. The “resistance,” Democrats said, had not become distracted by anything.
“Thinking back to February recess, it was all we could do to keep up with your energy and follow all the incredible actions you took,” Indivisible organizers wrote in a weekend fundraising message to supporters. “Over June, we were able to (move) methodically to target senators in specific states while also facilitating coordinated actions across the country. And as the delayed bill proves – THIS WORKS!”
Over the weekend, and on July 4, activists had only a few chances to prove it. In Kentucky, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., navigated around an estimated 85 protesters – many organized by Planned Parenthood – to tell Hardin County Republicans that he was still trying to solve the “Rubik's Cube” called the Better Care Reconciliation Act.
“Obamacare is a disaster,” said McConnell, according to video captured by the Louisville Courier-Journal. “No action is not an option. But what to replace it with is very challenging.”
CUTTING BACK ON OPEN FORUMS
McConnell did not explain how the Better Care Reconciliation Act might change, and some of the ideas floated to win votes have fallen flat with skeptical lawmakers. The idea of offering subsidies for cheaper plans that did not include the Affordable Care Act's “essential health benefits,” favored by Cruz as a compromise, did not satisfy Collins.
“If you have a health savings account that is federally funded, that equals the deductible, that can work, but it has to be designed right,” Collins said. “I don't want to see insurance that's not really insurance.”
Yet with protesters kept outside, McConnell faced no interruptions or skeptical questions. Cruz faced something else in McAllen, Texas, a city on the Mexican border that had voted heavily for Hillary Clinton last year. Early Tuesday morning, as Cruz grabbed a microphone, protesters behind a short fence waved signs reading “No Transfer of Wealth 4 Our Health” and “No Repeal, No Medicaid Cuts.” Supporters with Cruz gear tried, in vain, to drown them out.
“Isn't freedom wonderful?” Cruz asked. “In much of the world, if protesters showed up, they would face violent government oppression. In America, we've got something different.”
In a follow-up interview with the Texas Tribune, Cruz characterized the protesters as members of “a small group of people on the left who right now are very angry.” Other Republicans used similar language to explain why cutting back on open forums made sense. Some have pivoted to call-in events, where there's no threat of moments caught on video going viral. Some have cited the shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., to argue that public forums would expose them and local police to unnecessary risks.
“The last thing we're going to do is give in to a lot of left-wing activists and media,” Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., told a radio interviewer last month. “With these security situations, I don't know how any member of Congress can do a town hall.”
REMOTE AREAS, MINIMAL RISKS
The senators who did appear at Fourth of July events found ways to minimize the risks. Apart from Cruz, all appeared in fairly remote areas; Murkowski and Collins both stopped by island towns.
Heller, the only Republican up for reelection next year in a state President Trump lost, made a horseback appearance in Ely, Nevada, the largest town in a rural county that gave Trump a 53.5-point landslide. Reporters who made the trek heard something that has become rare: Well-wishers asking a senator to vote for the Republican bill. (Heller opposed the first version but is being lobbied to vote for a revision.)
“Glad I could help them get away from the east coast and to one of the most beautiful parts of NV,” Heller tweeted at reporters after the Ely parade.
In Maine and Alaska, where Republican senators came out loud and early against the bill, residents applauded their lawmakers. Murkowski, who has criticized the Better Care Reconciliation Act for defunding Planned Parenthood and cutting Medicaid, was deluged by health-care questions as she walked a parade in the small town of Wrangell. Kirk Garbisch, 63, thanked her for being “the voice of reason” and slowing down the bill.
“She's looking at the issues and not just following party lines,” he said. “There have been so few Republicans who can get in some good reason, rather than blindly following.”
Murkowski was hearing that particular sort of praise again and again. She moved comfortably through a crowd gathered to watch children street-race and lumberjacks saw logs.
“Most people don't ask, ‘For or against?' ” she said. “They just say, ‘Make sure you're taking care of our interests.' In fairness for those that do the ‘for or against,' everybody is pretty much (saying) they don't think this is good for us.”
After the parades, there will be few chances for Better Care Reconciliation Act critics to face their senators during the recess. Cassidy's town halls have passed and mostly focused on flood relief. Cruz's events in Texas, sponsored by the conservative group Concerned Veterans for America, require attendees to register first.
Activists are encouraging one another to get more ambitious – and creative. Protesters in Colorado got headlines for sitting down at an office of Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., and refusing to leave. The progressive Action Network urged protesters to wage more sit-ins on Thursday.
In New York, two Long Island activist groups are planning “health-care cookouts” close to the offices of Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., and Rep. Lee Zeldin, R-N.Y., under the motto “We can't let seniors, children and people with disabilities GET BURNED!” Topher Spiro, the vice president of health policy at the Center for American Progress, urged activists on Twitter to keep organizing, whether or not Republicans would face them.
“Protesting Trumpcare this week is the pinnacle of democracy and patriotism,” he wrote.
Share
filed under:
A massive genetics study relying on MRI brain scans and DNA samples from over 20,000 people has revealed what is claimed as the biggest effect yet of a single gene on intelligence – although the effect is small.
There is little dispute that genetics accounts for a large amount of the variation in people's intelligence, but studies have consistently failed to find any single genes that have a substantial impact. Instead, researchers typically find that hundreds of genes contribute.
Following a brain study on an unprecedented scale, an international collaboration has now managed to tease out a single gene that does have a measurable effect on intelligence. But the effect – although measurable – is small: the gene alters IQ by just 1.29 points. According to some researchers, that essentially proves that intelligence relies on the action of a multitude of genes after all.
“It seems like the biggest single-gene impact we know of that affects IQ,” says Paul Thompson of the University of California, Los Angeles, who led the collaboration of 207 researchers. “But it's not a massive effect on IQ overall,” he says.
Advertisement
Two teaspoons
The variant is in a gene called HMGA2, which has previously been linked with people's height. At the site of the relevant mutation, the IQ difference depends on a change of a single DNA “letter” from C, standing for cytosine, to T, standing for thymine.
“C is the good one,” says Thompson. As well as raising IQ by 1.29, it increases the overall volume of the brain – but only by 0.58 per cent of average brain size, adding around 9 cubic centimetres of tissue. “It's a loss or gain of about 2 teaspoons,” says Thompson.
The brain-size-altering effect of the gene is what led the researchers to study the impact on IQ. In their study, involving 21,151 adult subjects, they took DNA samples but also scanned each volunteer's brain, specifically looking for size differences either in the brain overall or in specific parts of it, such as the hippocampus, thought to be the seat of memory and learning.
C-ing double
After the researchers had established that HMGA2 affected overall brain size, they looked in more detail at a subset of 1642 volunteers from a twin study in Brisbane, Australia, who had all taken standard IQ tests. From that analysis, they were then able to measure the effect of the C on IQ. When people inherit C-variants from both parents they enjoy double the effect: a rise in IQ of about 2.6.
“It's important they've found this gene, but it took a sample of 20,000 people to find it, precisely because the effect is so small,” says Robert Plomin at the Institute of Psychiatry in London, and lead author of a groundbreaking study in 2007 which failed to find any single genes of disproportionate importance in intelligence. “If it's this hard to find an effect of just 1 per cent, what you're really showing is that the ‘cup' is 99-per-cent empty,” he says.
Steven Pinker, an author and professor of neuropsychology at Harvard University, agrees. “It's an important finding, assuming it holds up,” he says. Pinker says that the findings are a first step in demonstrating that intelligence relies on large numbers of genes, each with a tiny effect, rather than on single genes that have moderate or large effects, but which are so rare that none has yet been identified.
Brain ager
The other key finding by Thompson's team was that a variant of a gene called TESC affects the size of the hippocampus, altering its size by 1.2 per cent above or below the average.
Thompson says that in adulthood, the hippocampus shrinks by about 0.5 per cent per year, so having the “wrong” gene variant can equate to more than two years of ageing, and having two copies of it is equivalent to five years of ageing – all of which could hasten the arrival of dementia or other diseases related to hippocampus shrinkage, including Alzheimer's disease and depression.
Thompson says, however, that the effects of TESC can be countered by regular exercise, which increases the size of the hippocampus by a corresponding amount and improves memory (Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1015950108).
Journal reference: Nature Genetics, DOI: 10.1038/ng.2250
When this article was first posted, the gene affecting hippocampal size was incorrectly named TERT
TOTAL 2015 DOWNLOADS1. Big Bang - 8,471,2242. EXO - 3,091,4853. SHINee - 1,664,4344. iKON - 1,537,0955. B2ST - 953,2966. BtoB - 876,8137. BTS - 743,5158. INFINITE - 713,4789. 2PM - 301,43710. VIXX - 281,65011. Got7 - 278,63212. Super Junior - 269,57913. B1A4 - 227,85014. CNBLUE - 197,90315. TEEN TOP - 173,502TOP DOWNLOADED SONGS1. Big Bang's Loser - 1,388,4292. Big Bang's Bang Bang Bang - 1,385,5213. Big Bang's Bae Bae - 1,308,9144. Big Bang's If You - 996,3445. Big Bang's Let's Not Love - 929,7516. Big Bang's Sober - 890,7777. Big Bang's We Like 2 Party - 862,2848. EXO's Call Me Baby - 728,5269. iKON's My Type - 720,22510. Big Bang's Zutter - 709,20411. SHINee's View - 586,51012. EXO's Love Me Right - 556,00513. BTS' I Need U - 464,24814. B2ST's Have to Work - 439,90215. BtoB's I'm OK - 357,95116. iKON's Rhythm Ta - 329,50917. B2ST's YeY - 328,74218. INFINITE's Bad - 322,18019. 2PM's Our House - 273,77020. Super Junior's Devil - 228,25621. iKON's Airplane - 227,54222. VIXX's Breakup Formula - 220,56723. BtoB's The Way Home - 179,53924. SHINee's Married to the Music - 177,92725. TEEN TOP's Morning to Morning - 173,50226. CNBLUE's Cinderella - 169,07327. Got7's Perfect - 161,64428. B1A4's Sweet Girl - 147,60829. Got7's If You - 116,9881. [+156, -2] All of the groups that get hated on Pann are at the top ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Proves that getting hated on pann means you've made it2. [+131, -18] People are always talking about how BtoB's a failure but they've grown so much compared to their last promotions. Stop hating on them.3. [+114, -15] BtoB and BTS in #6 and #7, good ㅋㅋ4. [+57, -0] As expected of Big Bang... and how can you call iKON a rookie? Amazing. BtoB has grown a lot as well!!! Fighting to all the idols5. [+53, -5] People can call iKON failures all they want but their three main songs are all in the top ㅋㅋ and EXO and SHINee get underrated for being in SM but they're quite strong digitally too6. [+48, -3] Wow BtoB has grown so much ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ Love them7. [+43, -5] Big Bang, iKON, and EXO get the most hate but they're doing the best on the list. This is reality ㅋㅋㅋㅋ8. [+39, -1] Surprised at BtoB, wow
You'll never believe how much Kim Kardashian's morning skincare routine costs
You'll never believe how much Kim Kardashian's morning skincare routine costs More
We never expected Kim Kardashian's at-home skincare routine to consist of run-of-the-mill products anybody could get, but a recent Snapchat showed that Kim surely does NOT play around when it comes to her morning beauty ritual. According to Us Weekly, Kim snapped a photo of four products all from the luxurious La Mer brand — The Perfecting Treatment, The Concentrate, The Renewal Oil, and the iconic Crème de la Mer. The total cost for this high-end skin treatment? A whopping $1,230. That's rent money, people.
For decades, La Mer has been the crème de la crème (no pun intended) when it comes to facial moisturizers. The brand's website claims it has the power to completely “transform the skin,” and making it look “virtually ageless.” With those statements, it's no wonder La Mer is a longtime favorite of makeup artists and celebs, as well as the source of legend — Mariah Carey was once rumored to use La Mer as diaper cream for her babies and Jennifer Lopez was said to have applied the stuff on her body from head to toe. Could you imagine?
Kim also made sure to say that she wasn't getting paid for promoting the product, which can be considered more proof that La Mer may very well live up to its hype. While some of us might only be able to fantasize about using La Mer in our own morning skincare routines, we still might be able to try another favorite of Kim's, such as Kiko's Scrub & Peel wipes by the Italian cosmetics brand, Kiko Milano.
If you can get your hands on them, the exfoliating wipes only go for about 6 pounds, or around $8.50 USD. That sounds way more doable than $1230!
The post You'll never believe how much Kim Kardashian's morning skincare routine costs appeared first on HelloGiggles.
Protesters on both sides of Tuesday's decision hold up signs outside the Supreme Court during Arguments in January. | Getty Supreme Court deadlocks in key labor case The result could have an impact on the standoff between Obama and Senate GOP leaders over the Scalia vacancy.
The shorthanded Supreme Court announced Tuesday that it has deadlocked in a closely watched labor case that had the potential to deal a severe blow to public-sector unions.
In a one-sentence opinion, the court revealed that the justices split 4-4, allowing an appeals court ruling in favor of the California Teachers Association to stand. The dispute involved the rights of public-sector unions to charge nonmembers fees to cover the cost of collective bargaining — something they will now continue to be able to do in states that permit it.
Story Continued Below
Unions already had begun to prepare for an adverse decision after oral arguments in January. During those arguments, several justices, including Antonin Scalia, showed a willingness to hold that the mandatory fees violated the First Amendment rights of teachers who disagreed with their union. The court appeared on the verge of ruling that collective bargaining itself was an inherently political activity that nonmembers could not be forced to subsidize.
While the identities of the justices on each side were not revealed in the ruling, the outcome suggests that as the result of Scalia's unexpected death last month, government-employee unions narrowly escaped a ruling that had the potential to cripple their finances and reduce their impact on the political scene.
“The U.S. Supreme Court today rejected a political ploy to silence public employees like teachers, school bus drivers, cafeteria workers, higher education faculty and other educators to work together to shape their profession,” said National Education Association president Lily Eskelsen García, whose union represents about 3 million teachers.
The result could also have an immediate effect on the standoff between President Barack Obama and Senate Republican leaders over filling Scalia's vacancy. The case is the first high-profile one since Scalia's death in which the court announced it was equally divided, which is certain to fuel the arguments of Democrats and the White House that the GOP stance is causing some gridlock in the legal system.
"Today's divided ruling from the Supreme Court establishes no national precedent while leaving open the possibility that the issue will come before the court once again," said Elizabeth Wydra, president of the liberal Constitutional Accountability Center. "Such an outcome only emphasizes the importance of a court that can operate with a full complement of nine justices that can resolve important legal questions from lower courts once and for all."
But some Republicans continue to say the court can function just fine with a panel of eight, according to Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley, who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee.
“When you consider that two judges have said that we'll be able to operate with eight people, and when you consider the fact that [Associate Justice Elena] Kagan has had to recuse herself on a third of the cases before the Supreme Court because she was solicitor general, I think it proves that the court is going to be able to operate," he told POLITICO after a town hall meeting Tuesday in Iowa.
Grassley also said that moving on Obama's nominee — D.C. Circuit Judge Merrick Garland — would not have affected the Friedrichs decision.
"It would've been very good to have a 5-4 ruling on that case, and if Scalia had been there, it probably would've been a 5-4 ruling" against the unions, Grassley said. "But then ... you have a situation where even if Scalia had died and we decided to move ahead with Garland, he wouldn't have been involved and you would've had the same decision.”
The White House seized on the decision to show why a full court was important to the rule of law. White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the absence of a ninth justice would leave unsettled the divisive questions posed in Friedrichs and other close cases.
"We essentially have laws that are applied in different ways depending on which community you live in," he said. "It is not what our founders intended, and certainly isn't consistent with the notion of federalism."
The White House and its allies have stressed that ties because of an eight-member court create the potential for different legal rules in different parts of the country, although no such difference seems imminent on the union fees issue, which remains governed by a 1977 Supreme Court ruling allowing such fees.
In addition, the fact that the court announced a 4-4 result in a closely followed, politically charged case may indicate that the justices are not inclined to schedule re-arguments in any of the cases where they may divide equally. That creates the potential of a pile-up of such cases between now and June, giving Democrats more opportunity to argue that the dangers of an eight-member court are real and not remote.
On the other hand, the fact that Scalia's presence on the court could well have led to a precedent-setting ruling against unions could add to the GOP's resolve not to allow onto the bench a liberal Obama nominee who likely would have swung the case toward a more significant victory for labor, rather than just a close call they managed to survive.
The Center for Individual Rights, the nonprofit law firm that brought the union fees case to the Supreme Court, said it will submit a petition for rehearing in light of the outcome.
“With the death of Justice Scalia, this outcome was not unexpected,” Center President Terry Pell said. “We believe this case is too significant to let a split decision stand, and we will file a petition for re-hearing with the Supreme Court.”
The high court's first 4-4 result after Scalia's death came last week in a lower-profile case about the application of a law against gender discrimination to spouses of individuals taking out loans.
Seung Min Kim and Edward-Isaac Dovere contributed to this report.
McCain says his lobbyists are 'honorable,' but they don't work for 'legitimate' causes he picks Michael Roston
Published: Friday February 22, 2008
|
Print This Email This Sen. John McCain is defending the private work performed by his campaign staff, many of whom earn healthy livings off the campaign trail as registered federal lobbyists. Although the so-called "maverick" Arizona lawmaker has long fought to minimize the role of special interests in electoral politics, McCain called his senior campaign staff "honorable" for their lobbying work. "These people have honorable records, and they're honorable people, and I'm proud to have them as part of my team," he declared in Indianapolis, blaming the system and not the individuals who work within it for unduly influencing policy-making. McCain later went on to say, "The right to represent interests or groups of Americans is a constitutional right. There are people that represent firemen, civil servants, retirees, and those people are legitimate representatives of a variety of interests in America." Unfortunately for McCain, a review of federal records maintained by the Senate Office of Public Records show that the lobbyists at the top of the senator's campaign and senatorial staffs do not represent firefighters, civil servants, or retirees, the legitimate causes he identified in his address on Friday. According to the SOPR database, the International Association of firefighters (IAFF) does its own lobbying, and has also employed Dutko Worldwide, McAllister and Quinn, and Valis and Keelen, LLC. The American Association of Retired People (AARP) also does much of its own lobbying, and has at times retained Bracewell & Giuliani, CJ Strategies, Davis, Wright Tremaine, LLP, Duberstein Group, Ernst & Young, Fleishman-Hillard Goverment Relations, Innovative Federal Strategies, Mark J. Iwry, Johnson, Madigan, Peck, Boland, and Stewart, and Reinecke Strategic Solutions. Finally, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) does much of its own lobby work, too, and has also paid Jefferson Government Relations and Lussier, Gregor, Vienna and Associates. At the federal level, the American Federation of Government Employees is a member of the AFL-CIO, and has been represented by mCapitol Management, and Murphy, Frazer, and Selfridge. A report in Friday's Washington Post noted some of the lobbying firms that McCain's lieutenants are members of: Rick Davis of Davis Manafort; Charles Black at BKSH and Associates; Steve Schmidt of Mercury Public Affairs; Marc McKinnon of Public Strategic, Inc.; Mark Buse of ML Strategies; and, Tom Loeffler of the Loeffler Group. None of these firms are in the employ of the main representatives of the causes McCain identified as having a legitimate need to lobby government: firefighters, civil servants, and retirees. Which begs the question: if these causes are honorable, why aren't McCain's top advisers lobbying on their behalf? And why are they instead representing large corporations, including AT&T, Verizon, JP Morgan, Land O'Lakes, Novartis Pharmaceuticals, and Toyota? Does McCain think these interests are on the same plane as fire fighers, civil servants, and retirees? Ultimately, though, McCain seems unfazed by the revolving door nature of the lobbyists who run his campaign. "I'm proud of the record of many of my advisers. One small example, Charlie Black. Charlie Black was involved in the first Reagan campaign, and he's been involved in every national presidential campaign since," the senator said at the rally. With wire services
CANBERRA, Australia, November 28, 2012 (ENS) – Australian Greens Senators have joined with indigenous leaders from the Malaysian state of Sarawak in a new national campaign to get Hydro Tasmania to withdraw from Sarawak's plan to dam most of the state's rivers.
Indigenous leaders are now visiting Australia to raise awareness of the Sarawak government's multi-billion dollar dam plan that will destroy many wild rivers in the Malaysian state on the island of Borneo.
Peter Kallang, from the SAVE Rivers group of Sarawak Indigenous leaders told a news conference Tuesday at Parliament House in Canberra, “People in Australia need to be aware that an Australian state-owned company, Hydro Tasmania, is involved in massive dam proposals that stand to affect up to 20,000 people who live along the Baram River in Sarawak.”
“Hydro Tasmania is turning a blind eye to the human rights and environmental impacts of these dams,” said Kallang.
Greens Leader Senator Christine Milne and Senator Lee Rhiannon say dams proposed for Sarawak rivers are displacing tens of thousands of people from their homes and flooding large tracts of forests and farmland.
Milne told reporters, “We are now in a situation where one dam has been completed, with 10,000 people displaced. A second dam is nearly completed, and a third dam is under proposal.”
“Hydro Tasmania cannot walk away from their responsibility for the damage these dams will cause to thousands of villagers in Sarawak,” Milne said.
“Hydro Tasmania continues to supply staff and technical expertise to push these projects along despite a growing campaign in Sarawak against the dams,” said Milne. “I am calling on Hydro Tasmania to walk away from this destructive project.”
Hydro Tasmania is a dams operator and consultancy firm owned by the government of the Australian state of Tasmania. Hydro Tasmania's professional services business, Entura, provides engineering and management services to the Sarawak electric utility, Sarawak Energy Berhad, SEB.
James Nyurang, village headman from the Baram River Region told reporters, “If the dams go ahead I will lose my home, my land. I have no idea where my family will be moved to or how we will make our livelihood.”
“Hydro Tasmania's involvement in Sarawak will help to flood thousands of hectares of land belonging to the indigenous peoples of Sarawak. This will spell the end of our heritage, our means of livelihood, custom and culture,” Nyurang said. “We will not stand by while our homes, our rice fields, our fruit trees go underwater.”
The Sarawak state government under Chief Minister Taib Mahmud is planning to dam most of the rivers in the state's interior, with planned investments of up to US$105 billion by 2030, warns Swiss nongovernmental organization Bruno Manser Fund, BMF, in a new report.
“The dam plans, which are being pushed ahead under a cloak of secrecy, constitute the core element of the so-called Sarawak Corridor of Renewable Energy, SCORE. If implemented, they would entail the cultural genocide of a significant part of Sarawak's rich indigenous culture,” according to the BMF report, issued November 22.
The BMF report, “Sold Down the River. How Sarawak Dam Plans Compromise the Future of Malaysia's Indigenous Peoples,” details how Hydro Tasmania seconded nine of its Australian employees, including seven managers, to Sarawak Energy in 2010 and planned that “20-30 additional support staff” should be appointed to the dam development program over time.
Andrew Pattle, project director for the Murum dam currently under construction and senior project manager for the proposed Baram and Baleh dams, is one of the staff seconded from Hydro Tasmania.
The BMF report quotes Pattle's comments published in a New Zealand engineering magazine this year. “The aim is to use SCORE to change the economic base of Sarawak from reliance on extractive industries such as oil, gas and timber, transitioning to a manufacturing economy. This will spur improved living standards and infrastructure development. It follows similar models such as Norway, Iceland and Tasmania, however the difference is the fast pace of the development.”
Sarawak Energy has nearly completed construction of the first dam in the SCORE agenda, the 940 MW hydroelectric project on the Murum River in Belaga, Central Sarawak, expected to come online in 2013. About 1,500 Penan and Kenyah people indigenous to the area have been displaced and vast swaths of rainforest cleared for dam construction.
Other personnel from Hydro Tasmania working on damming Sarawak rivers are: Miles Smith, the vice president and head of planning and strategy at Sarawak Energy; Graeme Maher, senior manager hydropower development at Sarawak Energy; and James Hannon, senior manager contracts.
Nick Wright, former senior advisor to Tasmania's energy minister, now holds a position at Sarawak Energy as vice president who is responsible for corporate social responsibility. In this position, Wright is also responsible for resettlement issues, sustainability and community consultation.
Senator Rhiannon, who represents New South Wales and serves as the Greens overseas development spokesperson, pledged her support to get Hydro Tasmania out of Sarawak, saying, “The Australian Greens will work with community groups and State MPs to send a decisive message that Hydro Tasmania must walk away from supporting dams in Sarawak.”
The indigenous leaders also met with Government Senator Lisa Singh, the Australian Labor Party Senator for Tasmania and the first person of South Asian descent ever elected to the Australian Parliament. From 2006 to 2010, she was a Member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly.
Singh offered her support for the struggle against damming Sarawak rivers and expressed concern about Hydro Tasmania's involvement.
“Senator Singh offered to take the issue to her Tasmanian colleagues and we hope that she will make a public statement condemning the human rights abuses soon,” the indigenous leaders said in a statement.
In its latest annual report, covering 2011-2012, Hydro Tasmania defends the activities of its Entura division in Sarawak.
“Entura's work in Sarawak has received some media attention over the past 12 months. The basis for this attention is a combination of misconceptions about the type of work Entura is undertaking in Sarawak and the stance of some community groups on development within Sarawak,” the annual report states.
“Entura has provided a range of advice, including training, safety, feasibility studies and undertaking technical due diligence as SEB seeks to develop that state's significant renewable energy resources. Entura is not building dams in that state as has been claimed in internet and media reports.”
“The work Entura is doing in Sarawak and other countries showcases Tasmanian expertise to the world and reflects Entura's business values and commitment to creating a sustainable future,” Hydro Tasmania states. “This extends to building a greater commitment to sustainability in locations where we operate.”
The indigenous leaders now travel to Melbourne for more meetings with nongovernmental organizations, lobby groups and politicians to raise support for keeping Sarawak rivers in their natural wild state.
Copyright Environment News Service (ENS) 2012. All rights reserved.
The Air Force recently noticed that some of their F-22 Raptor fighter pilots were acting erratically, specifically, they were acting drunk. But sozzled they weren't, instead it's been revealed that anti-freeze, oil fumes and propane invaded their blood. Whaaaat?
Advertisement
It's amazing, some of the pilots forgot simple things like how to operate the radio because of all the toxins that've contaminated their body. Obviously concerned, the Air Force promptly launched a three-month investigation and this week revealed their reports which are, um, inconclusive. They still don't know a damn thing about how it happened. All they know the pilots in six of the seven F-22 bases suffered 'hypoxia-like symptoms' (oxygen deprivation). A former F-22 pilot said:
There is a lot of nasty stuff getting pumped into the pilots' bloodstream through what they're breathing from that OBOGS [On-Board Oxygen Generation System]. That's fact. How bad it is, what type it is, exactly how much of it, how long - all these things have not been answered."
This confusing saga adds to a list of F-22 troubles. Hopefully, they figure it out soon cause the Air Force fleet of F-22 fighter jets have been grounded since May 3rd. [Air Force Times via The Atlantic Wire, Image Credit: Aero-Cafe]
Advertisement
You can keep up with Casey Chan, the author of this post, on Twitter or Facebook.
While most of its fellow financial giants have long embraced banking for the masses, Goldman Sachs (gs) has been known as an aloof and unreachable titan for the middle class.
Not anymore. With just one dollar and some personal information, anyone can now park their money in the Goldman Sachs Bank USA.
Rather than joining its peers in brick-and-mortar branches, Goldman will only offer online banking. And even though it's not a huge return, Goldman's savings rate is competitive: 1.05% annually. That exceeds the average U.S. savings rate of 0.06% and matches online rivals Ally Bank and Synchrony Bank, which offer 1% and 1.05% respectively. Online banks are able to offer higher rates of return, because they don't have the costs associated with a brick-and-mortar store.
Goldman opened its online commercial banking business last week after completing its acquisition of GE Capital, though plans for the online bank started as early as 2012.
“This transaction increases the funding diversification and strengthens the liquidity profile of Goldman Sachs and GS Bank,” said Robin Vince, treasurer of the Goldman Sachs Group in a statement. He also noted that accepting deposits was a “strategic priority” for Goldman—which reported a 56% drop in profits for the first quarter—its fourth straight quarter of decline.
GS Bank, which prior to the acquisition of GE Capital brought in deposits in bulk with the help of brokers, is Goldman Sachs' bid to diversify revenue at a time when its investment banking unit has faced pressures from market volatility.
But compared to its Wall Street peers, GS Bank still has a ways to go in retail. Its acquisition of GE Capital last week reportedly brought on board about $16 billion in deposits, most of GE's employees, and other infrastructure, according to a press release. That gave GS Bank a total of about $114 billion in deposits. J.P. Morgan (jpm) and Wells Fargo (wfc) each logged deposits of $1.1 trillion by July 2015. But GS Bank's savings rate is much higher—both J.P. Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo offer 0.01% or more depending on the product.
Humans lived as roaming hunters and gatherers for most of their existence. Dr. Wayne believes that wolves began following hunter-gatherer bands to feed on the wounded prey, carcasses or other refuse. At some stage a group of wolves, who happened to be smaller and less threatening than most, developed a dependency on human groups, and may in return have provided a warning system.
Photo
Several thousand years later, in the first settled communities that began to appear in the Middle East 15,000 years ago, people began intervening in the breeding patterns of their camp followers, turning them into the first proto-dogs. One of the features they selected was small size, continuing the downsizing of the wolf body plan. “I think a long history such as that would explain how a large carnivore, which can eat you, eventually became stably incorporated in human society,” Dr. Wayne said.
The wolf DNA in the study was collected over many years by Dr. Wayne from wolf packs around the world. A colleague, Elaine Ostrander, gathered much of the dog DNA by persuading owners at dog shows to let her take a scraping of cells from inside the cheek. The dog genome has been decoded twice: scientists at the Broad Institute in Cambridge, Mass., have sequenced the boxer's genome, and Craig Venter, a pioneer of DNA sequencing, has decoded his poodle's genome.
With these two genomes in hand, the Broad Institute designed a dog SNP chip, similar to those used to scan the human for genetic disease. SNPs, or “snips,” are sites of common variation along the DNA. Affymetrix, a SNP chipmaker, manufactured the dog SNP chip for Dr. Wayne's team, letting him have 1,000 chips free, though thereafter they cost $250 apiece. The dog SNP chip brought to light the close relationship between dogs and wolves in the Middle East and also the genetic relationship between various breeds.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Dr. Wayne was surprised to find that all the herding dogs grouped together, as did all the sight hounds and the scent hounds, making a perfect match between dogs' various functions and the branches on the genetic tree. “I thought there would be many ways to build a herding dog and that they'd come from all over the tree, but there are not,” Dr. Wayne said.
His team has also used the dog SNP chip to scan for genes that show signatures of selection. One such favored dog gene has a human counterpart that has been implicated in Williams syndrome, where it causes exceptional gregariousness. Another two selected genes are involved in memory. Dogs, unlike wolves, are adept at taking cues from human body language, and the two genes could have something to do with this faculty, Dr. Wayne said.
An earlier survey of dog origins, based on a small genetic element known as mitochondrial DNA, concluded that dogs had been domesticated, probably just once, in East Asia. The author of the survey, Peter Savolainen of the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, said he was not convinced by the new report for several reasons, including that it did not sample dogs in East Asia from south of the Yangtze, the region where the diversity of mitochondrial DNA is highest. Also archaeologists in China have been less interested in distinguishing dog and wolf remains, he said.
Two other experts on dog genetics, Carlos Driscoll and Stephen O'Brien, of the National Cancer Institute, said they believed that Dr. Wayne's team had made a convincing case. “I think they have nailed the locale of dog domestication to the Middle East,” Dr. O'Brien said in an e-mail message from Siberia, where he is attending a tiger management workshop.
Dog domestication and human settlement occurred at the same time, some 15,000 years ago, raising the possibility that dogs may have had a complex impact on the structure of human society. Dogs could have been the sentries that let hunter gatherers settle without fear of surprise attack. They may also have been the first major item of inherited wealth, preceding cattle, and so could have laid the foundations for the gradations of wealth and social hierarchy that differentiated settled groups from the egalitarianism of their hunter-gatherer predecessors. Notions of inheritance and ownership, Dr. Driscoll said, may have been prompted by the first dogs to permeate human society, laying an unexpected track from wolf to wealth.
Donald Trump's attempt to present himself as an anti-war candidate is based on his perfect 20/20 hindsight of the disastrous consequences of regime change in Iraq and Libya — military campaigns he publicly supported when they were popular, and only turned against after they went wrong.
To better understand that Trump really is, as he insisted during the Republican primary campaign, “much more militaristic” than even George W. Bush, it helps to look at how often he has presented his bizarre plan to use the United States military as the muscle in a global protection racket, aimed at extorting oil from countries we destroy.
Trump began to make this case at a crucial moment, in early 2011, when he was flirting with a run for the presidency and the Obama administration was trying to decide how to use American power in Libya and Iraq.
That February, when President Obama was considering the intervention in Libya that his secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, strongly advocated, Trump demanded immediate action to topple Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi in a statement posted on his YouTube channel.
“I can't believe what our country is doing,” Trump said on February 28, 2011, two weeks before the Obama administration got Security Council authorization “to protect civilians” in Libya. “Qaddafi in Libya is killing thousands of people, nobody knows how bad it is, and we're sitting around we have soldiered all have the Middle East, and we're not bringing them in to stop this horrible carnage and that's what it is: It's a carnage.”
“After it's all done, we go to the protesters, who end up running the country,” Trump added, “and we should then say, ‘By the way, from all of your oil, we want reimbursement.'”
A month later, as Bill O'Reilly quizzed him on how he would handle foreign policy as president, Trump revealed that he had an entirely new plan for Iraq: American troops should be withdrawn, but only from those parts of the country without oil fields.
TRUMP: I've never said this before. This is a first, on your show. Good luck with it, run with it. In the old days, when you had wars, you win, right? You win. To the victor belong the spoils. So when we go to Iraq, we spend $1.4 trillion so far and thousands of lives are lost, right? And not to mention all the poor guys and gals with one arm and no arm and all the problems, right? O'REILLY: Absolutely. Right. TRUMP: And we're going to leave and as sure as you're sitting there, Iran is going to come over, take over not only Iraq but perhaps more importantly to them, take over the second biggest oil fields in the world, right? And I like the old system better: You won a war, you stay there, and you keep the oil. And you know, then those people will not have died in vain. Forget the money we spent, they will not have died in vain. Now, they're not going to come as long as we're there, but 15 minutes after we leave, Iran is going to go into Iraq. … You stay and protect the oil, and you take the oil and you take whatever is necessary for them and you take what's necessary for us and we pay our self back $1.5 trillion or more. We take care of Britain, we take care of other countries that helped us, and we don't be so stupid. You know, we're the only country and if you look at wars over the years and I study wars, OK? My whole life is a war. You look at wars over the years. A country goes in, they conquer and they stay. We go in, we conquer, and then we leave. And we hand it to people that we don't even know. … So, in a nutshell, we go in, we take over the second largest oil fields, and we stay.
Sensing that Trump might not have considered the implications of his proposal to essentially colonize Iraq by looting its natural resources, an incredulous O'Reilly stifled a laugh as he said, “So you're going to take over the Iraqi oil fields?”
“Don't smile!” an offended Trump replied.
“I'm just saying,” O'Reilly said, “if you're going to go into the Iraq oil fields and take them over, there's gonna be a lot of blowbacks.”
Five months later, after the U.S.-led air campaign had forced Qaddafi from power in Libya — and Trump had decided not to challenge Obama for the presidency — the star of “The Apprentice” posted another YouTube clip, complaining that the administration should have waited longer to aid the Libyan rebels, to force them to agree to surrender half of the country's oil reserves.
“What we should've done is we should've asked the rebels when they came to us — and they came to us, they were being routed by Qaddafi, they were being decimated — we should've said, ‘We'll help you, but we want 50 percent of your oil,'” Trump said. “They would've said, ‘How about 75 percent?'”
Speaking to Matt Lauer last week about his qualifications to be commander-in-chief, Trump argued that the rise of the Islamic State could have been prevented if only his plan to keep Iraq's oil fields under American military control had been put into place. He was not asked to imagine how those anti-Western militants, or Iraq's elected government, might have been expected to react to an open-ended military occupation by a foreign power intent on the illegal confiscation of their country's natural resources.
LONDON -- British emergency services raced to London's Natural History Museum after a car struck pedestrians Saturday outside the building. Police said the incident is not being treated as related to terrorism.
The London Ambulance Service says 11 people have been injured when a car crashed into pedestrians outside the Natural History Museum. One man was detained at the scene.
Deputy Director of Operations Peter McKenna said Saturday that nine of the injured were taken to the hospital for treatment, most with leg and head injuries.
Police said later Saturday that the crash is being treated as "a road traffic collision."
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he was in contact with police and emergency officials. He says "details are still emerging" about the incident.
Video captured on the scene showed a man on the ground being detained. It was not immediately clear if he was pinned down by police or others at the scene.
Police detain a man on the sidewalk after a car struck pedestrians near the London Natural History Museum. @RosaRodaNews / Twitter
Witness Katie Craine said she was coming out of the museum when she saw a man in handcuffs being pinned down on the ground by police near a damaged car.
"He looked really proud of himself," she told the Associated Press. "He was laughing."
The crash happened at 2:20 p.m. on a day when the central London museum is usually teeming with pedestrians, including international tourists.
A witness told BBC News that there were "tables knocked over at restaurants. People were screaming. And it was quite a scene at that stage."
"Panic rippled across the crowd. And it was busy, people were having to struggle to get out of there," the witness said.
BBC reporter Chloe Hayward said she was leaving the museum as the incident happened.
"I could see was a car diagonally across the road, looking like it was going into one of the boulders on the side of the road, and I could see a crowd of people around what was clearly one or two people on the pavement," she said.
Hayward added armed police were at the scene.
"We have had lots of police coming onto the scene, helicopters above, and I can see an ambulance which is definitely having someone put in, but it isn't clear how bad that injury is," she said.
The London Ambulance Service was tending to the injured. There was no immediate statement on the number or severity of the injuries.
Shopkeepers in the immediate area were told to evacuate and police established a large security cordon around the area minutes after the incident, closing some roads. Police helicopters circled the scene overhead.
Downing Street said British Prime Minister Theresa May was being briefed on the incident.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
To say that sheepshead are difficult to catch on the fly is an understatement. These finicky little fish seem to have a sixth sense when it comes to knowing you are looking at them, not to mention attempting to cast to them. I have watched hundreds of sheepshead slip into the murkiness of deep water long before you can even throw the fly out of your hand to start your cast. This illusiveness has created a love hate relationship between me and the sheepshead. I love to catch them but I hate the fact that they seem to always get the best of me. All this frustration does lend itself to extensive celebrations when this little bucked tooth bandit is landed. So, the next time you are out and you see one of these picky eaters, try your luck at tricking a sheepy.
In this season of celebration and contemplation, we are publishing a series of articles about Christians who are prosecuted, imprisoned and in some cases threatened with death because of their beliefs. Such religious persecution is not limited to Christians. Indeed the most intense fury of zealots like those of the so-called Islamic State is directed against fellow Muslims deemed heretical. But Christians find themselves targeted not only for their faith, they are treated as symbols of the West, even if their history in a country like Egypt goes back millennia. Thus ISIS hopes attacks like the suicide bombing of a Coptic cathedral in Cairo earlier this month will help draw clear battle lines between Islam and what it calls “crusaders”—the soldiers who bear the cross. A few cases like that of Asia Bibi, a mother of five now serving her seventh consecutive Christmas in jail in Pakistan on blasphemy charges, have drawn international attention. But many others have not. As advocacy groups have made clear, Christians are under pressure from non-Muslim Mexico to non-Muslim China, but they face the most ferocious persecution in the Muslim Middle East, South Asia, and parts of Africa.
At the start of his blasphemy trial earlier this month, Jakarta's Christian, ethnic Chinese governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama fought back tears as he told a court why he couldn't possibly have intentionally insulted Islam, pointing out that he was reared by an adoptive Muslim family.
“My [biological] father and my adoptive father vowed to be brothers until the end,” testified the governor, universally known as Ahok. “The love of my adoptive parents for me has inspired me to this day.”
Maybe so. But the jeers and “Jail Ahok!” taunts from people protesting outside Jakarta's Central District Court suggested the embattled governor has plenty to cry about.
Authorities charged Ahok with blasphemy weeks after he made a speech in late September while campaigning for the 2017 gubernatorial election. He cited a verse from the Quran and accused political opponents of using the passage to bolster their claim that non-Muslims like him should not be permitted to lead Muslims.
The governor apologized. But it did not placate hard-line Muslims, who demanded his imprisonment. Extremist groups such as the Islamic Defenders Front have whipped up hordes of Indonesians into a rage over the blasphemy allegation. They have harnessed religion and latent distrust of the Chinese to manipulate throngs of protesters into the streets, including as many as 500,000 at a mammoth Dec. 2 rally. At least one person has died and dozens have been injured in demonstrations in which people set fires, torched vehicles, looted, and threw rocks at police, who responded with tear gas and water cannons.
Blasphemy, a charge that sounds medieval in the West, remains a crime in many Muslim-majority countries. But even those who accept the legal principle are skeptical of the charge against the governor.
Critics say political enemies are using the blasphemy case to weaken the popular politician. President Joko Widodo, who preceded Ahok as Jakarta governor and whose election to the nation's top political job led to Ahok's appointment, is among the skeptics. Last month Jokowi, as he is popularly known, called out unnamed politicians for inciting protests. “We see this was steered by political actors who were exploiting the situation,” he said at a news conference.
Why would these activists use such a subterfuge against Ahok? After all, as one of his 80 lawyers, Sirra Prayuna, said in court, it “would be suicidal” for the man to purposefully insult Islam while running for governor of the heavily Muslim megalopolis of 10 million.
“There is considerable evidence that the governor's comment on Islam was deliberately edited and manipulated by enemies looking to remove Ahok from the political playing field and weaken President Jokowi in the process,” says Karen B. Brooks, adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. “Unfortunately, some political actors in Indonesia have proven willing to use the always sensitive religion card to mobilize the masses and stoke unrest.”
The governor is in the cross-hairs of five groups, says Andreas Harsono, Human Rights Watch researcher in Indonesia: people who lost out in a land eviction scheme Ahok implemented, those genuinely concerned about blasphemy, “anti-Chinese elements,” Muslim fundamentalists hostile to Christians and other religious minorities, and people opposing Ahok in the gubernatorial election—especially relatives of former President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, whose son Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono is running.
Harsono, who specializes in religious research, says bias against religious minorities may be “the most important element in the growing Islamicization of Indonesia” and is hardening just as “the demand to have non-Muslim leaders is rising.”
In recent years, the spike in Islamist intolerance has led to the targeting of churches, women, gays and lesbians, alcohol drinking, and even porn. Even as the call for better treatment of transgenders grows louder in many countries, Indonesian Islamists are demanding harsher treatment of trans and other LGBT people. Extremists recently shut down a festival on women's issues, and earlier this year forced the closure of a Yogyakarta boarding school for transgender students.
Human Rights Watch says the government has itself fueled a hate campaign against LGBT citizens. There's evidence of that: Earlier this year Defense Minister Ryamizard Ryacudu said publicly that LGBT activism is more dangerous than a nuclear bomb. Research, Technology and Higher Education Minister Muhammad Nasir has called for a ban on “publicly affectionate” LGBT students on University of Indonesia campuses. The nation's constitutional court is considering banning homosexual sex.
“Hardline extremist groups have always existed as a small minority in Indonesia, but they grew increasingly bold and vocal during the 10 years in office of former President Yudhoyono, who had neither the courage nor the wherewithal to arrest that trend,” says Brooks.
One analyst who prefers to remain unidentified describes the blasphemy case as “primarily an effort by vested interests to remove a governor who has cut patronage from the system” and “playing on people's religious sensibilities to undermine the actual successes of the governor.”
It is not unusual for political issues to be covered up by religious rulings, and evidence suggests that globally some people are hijacking Islam to retain power, says activist and author Manal Omar. “Religion is a very powerful motivational tool, and some political elites have tapped into that and are using it,” says Omar, associate vice president of the Center for the Middle East and Africa with the United States Institute of Peace. “Power trumps any religious ideology.”
And self-preservation apparently trumps doing the right thing. Despite his clear-eyed assessment of the political railroading afoot, Jokowi clambered on stage at the Dec. 2 rally in Jakarta's Central Park, Medan Merdeka, which was organized by an Islamist coalition calling itself the National Movement to Guard the MUI Fatwa—a reference to a fatwa issued by the Indonesian Council of Ulama declaring Ahok a blasphemer.
Some say Jokowi backs Ahok mostly because, by occupying the governor's palace, Ahok guards the president's flank against potential rivals in the next general election.
But that support may depend on how the wind blows.
“There has been a [bigger] groundswell of opposition to Ahok than we anticipated,” says Aaron Connelly, a research fellow at the Lowy Institute in Sydney. “The question is, has Jokowi made the calculation that in light of the Dec. 2 protest Ahok is not salvageable.”
More to the point, will the judiciary that is overseeing the trial reach a similar conclusion?
“On the whole, the judiciary is not an impartial third branch of government,” Connelly tells The Daily Beast. “It is not out of the question that the court will be influenced by politics.”
In fact, the gloomy forecast making the rounds is that, in an echo of current American politics, facts won't matter—and Ahok will be found guilty.
“The political pressure is immense,” says Harsono, “such that he's most likely to be convicted and lose the governorship.”
Asok faces up to five years in prison if convicted. Harsono says he is likely to be jailed for 18 months.
In his defense the governor has pointed out that he donates a percentage of his income in a manner consonant with Islamic tradition, built mosques, and even adjusted work times so Muslims can pray with their families during Ramadan. And his legal team has stressed in court that Indonesia is a country based on law.
But as in Malaysia, Southeast Asia's other big majority-Muslim democracy, the law-as-bedrock assertion is increasingly debatable. When religion is involved, such niceties can be consigned to the back seat.
Furthermore, the emboldened protest movement appears to have other goals, including greater implementation of Sharia, nomination of political candidates who support Islamist objectives, and changing the Constitution to require that Muslims follow Islamic law.
The country's two largest Islamic organizations, Nahdlatul Ulama and Muhammadiyah, “are passively complicit in the problem of worsening religious tolerance,” writes Phelim Kine, Human Rights Watch's deputy director for Asia.
Those groups, the court, business elements, and some in the government may well view Ahok's conviction as the most expedient solution, in the circumstances.
“The overriding influence will be a concern that acquittal would lead to sectarian violence,” says Connelly. “They're very concerned about violence against the Chinese community.”
In other words, convict one Chinese to protect many Chinese.
The trial is set to resume Dec. 27. How it turns out may determine whether Indonesia's official motto, “Unity in Diversity,” is anything more than a catchy phrase.
In November, The Current aired a special edition of the program called Filling the Gaps: Dental Care in Canada.
Story transcript
Canadian newcomer A (The Current agreed to keep our guest's name anonymous) never imagined she'd be facing a $10,000 dental bill in her new home.
About a year ago, A arrived in Nanaimo, B.C., from Syria with her husband and five kids, ranging in age from six to 17.
A is often in pain from her cracked teeth and needs significant dental work. As a government-sponsored refugee, she is eligible for limited publicly funded dental care, but she needs far more than the basic checkup and extractions this covers.
A says her teeth pain makes life miserable. (Nicole Crescenzi/CBC)
"It's very painful and sometimes I can't drink or eat something cold or hot ... it makes my life miserable," A tells The Current's Anna Maria Tremonti.
Elizabeth Herman is part of a group of local volunteers who have been helping refugees families settle in Nanaimo. She met A at a community gathering.
"A had just come in and she was very upset because on her way there she had lost a piece of her front tooth and she was in a lot of pain," Herman says.
"She was crying and we were all just sort of horrified by this."
Herman says she knows all the Syrian newcomer families in Nanaimo.
"With no exception they have all told me the same story that they were under the impression that when they arrived in Canada that their dental care would be covered as part of their general healthcare."
A was quoted over $10K for dentistry work— a price far above her budget. She's been taking Tylenol to cope with the pain for over a year. (Nicole Crescenzi/CBC)
A says it's been difficult coming to terms with the reality that her dental care won't be covered. She has to come up with the money on her own but doesn't have the resources.
"I came to Canada to find a good life and I didn't think about how expensive Canada is, especially in terms of dental care," A says.
"I left Syria because I want to find another safe place ... it was a big and horrible journey of being a refugee but I never expected to have this problem."
The Current: Dave Stock beat cancer twice but faces a $10,000 dental bill
Viral video fame helps pay bills
Since A spoke with The Current, there's been a new and unexpected development involving, of all things, a viral video about a dog.
One day Herman's husband saw a dog sitting in the driver's seat of a car, blaring the car horn, in a Nanaimo parking lot.
He shot a video of the dog on his phone. It made Herman laugh, so she posted it to her Facebook page.
The video went viral with about 600,000 views in short order. Various video licensing companies approached her to buy the rights to the video. Herman sold it and is donating the proceeds to help pay for A's dental work.
The Current: Overall health includes oral health: Should dental be part of universal health care
"It just seemed like a strange convergence of events. If there was some way to make some money from the video and use it toward A's dental care then we should do that," Herman tells Tremonti.
I see how it's affecting these families and holding them back from learning English, from being able to function normally and integrate into Canadian life. - Elizabeth Herman
Based on sales, the amount raised will be about $1,700. Herman says it's the right thing to do and it doesn't make sense that refugees don't have their dental care covered.
"We have made a decision to bring them into this country and to re-settle them and to give them the best that we can to be successful here and that includes health care," she says.
"I just think that this is one piece that's missing and it doesn't make sense to me ... I see how it's affecting these families and holding them back from learning English, from being able to function normally and integrate into Canadian life."
This segment was produced by The Current's Willow Smith and Karin Marley.
Whales suck. You know it. I know it. This website is dedicated to awareness and the education of mankind. Fuck the whales!
Whale Fact #1: 42.6% of all fatalities in the history of the world are due to whale attacks.
Whale Fact #2: Every whale is evil. Every one. See image below as proof:
Take note of the hat. Any whale wearing a hat is especially dangerous.
Whale Fact #3: Whales eat everything without mercy or regard for life. You are probably next.
See above image.
Whale Fact #4: There are too many whales. WAY WAY too many.
Whale Fact #5: Whales are masachists. They actually enjoy being hunted and killed for their delicious blubber.
What do we do about this scourge upon our high seas:
ANALYTICAL / SCIENTIFIC SECTION OF WEBSITE
Unacceptable Whale Attack Caught on Tape:
We move onto building the Imperial Base using various models from many Star Wars ranges that we've collected over the years. One of the defensive options we have included here is the Space Station Lasers from Battlefront which gives us some amazing Anti-Air turrets.
Check out Warren inventively crafting some docking stations for the AT-ATs too plus we have Ion Cannons at the ready to deter any pesky bombing raids.
The Power generators are built from Secret Weapon and Quantum Gothic kits, dismantled to make our own re-purposed barracks to hold the troops and TIE Fighter landing pads.
The turbo shafts are built from excess sprues that we have lying around the studio. You'll have to use your own ingenuity to craft something similar at home!
Micro Arts Studio buildings act as a landing pad for the Lambda Shuttles and perhaps more AT-AT docking ports. Do you think we need some more of those?
Critical Mass Games also provide some beautiful tanks with dozer blades to get through the forests.
Finally we get to the landscaping. Lloyd begins growing his own forest by adding some trees to provide a lot of obstacles across the battlefield to crash into and dodge around.
What do you think so far?
With the news that hardly any gamers and internet enthusiasts had bothered submitting their views to the Australian Law Reform Commission's public review on Australia's classification system, it emerged that many people were reluctant to do so.
They said that they already felt disenfranchised by the government which had repeatedly ignored and dismissed their widely-supported views in favour of family groups who claimed to speak for the greater Australian public. This was in the wake of hundreds of thousands of votes in polls against the introduction of an internet filter - Senator Conroy instead said that there was widespread support for the filter and cited a small and controversial McNair poll which claimed 80 per cent of the population wanted a filter.
This was followed with the dismissal by Australia's Attorney's General and Minister for Home Affairs, Brendan O'Conner, of some 60,000 Federal Government sponsored public consultation submissions on game classification in which 99.8 per cent of respondents is in favour of having the new classification. In the subsequent SCAG meeting no decision was made and concerns were voiced as to why two non-gaming representatives were asked to represent Australian community views - the Australian Christian Lobby's Jim Wallace and Professor Elizabeth Handsley of the Australian Council for Children and the Media group - both of whom were leading critics of the proposal.
We put it to the ALRC that gamers and those who oppose the internet filter had had enough of government surveys when history showed that the government would end up doing whatever would please ultra-conservative lobby groups.
Here is the full, unedited, response.
The ALRC is an independent agency for law reform and broad-based stakeholder and community consultation lies at the heart of our inquiry process. With all our inquiries, we ensure that views from across the community and related industries contribute to our understanding of the issues, and to the process of formulating proposals for reform. This Classification review is not different.
We have actually started to receive many more submissions, and we expect that as the deadline draws closer, we will continue to receive submissions from a broad section of the community and government, representing many different views and approaches. It may take us a few days for the submissions to appear on the website. Already the ALRC has conducted the first round of face to face consultations with a broad range of stakeholders from the television, film, and new media industries as well as from government, academia and community groups.
This is not the only opportunity for people to have input into the ALRC's Inquiry. We are planning to put out a Discussion Paper in September that will put forward some reform proposals for people to comment on and we will also do a second intense round of face to face consultations. So the process for garnering many different community perspectives will be quite comprehensive and we are confident that our final report, currently due at the end of January, will provide the evidence base and the contextual framework for reform recommendations that reflect the considerations expressed in our terms of reference, as well as the concerns of the community more broadly.
Of course we do acknowledge that as a law reform agency, we are not directly responsible for the way that governments respond to our reports nor whether or not they implement our recommendations. However, we are very confident in our own processes and that they are balanced and inclusive.
The last paragraph is especially telling. The ALRC has no say in the final government decision, but its report promises to be fair, inclusive and balanced.
While there will still be those who believe that individual bias exists within the organisation, ignoring the review, for whatever reason, is a guarantee that your voice will not be heard.
You can make a submission using this link. Note, however, that some people have encountered problems submitting their views with the online form and as such, the ALRC is accepting emailed submissions too.
By Jean Raspail
Translated by Norman Shapiro
Originally published in French as Le Camp Des Saints, 1973
And when the thousand years are ended, Satan will be released from his prison, and will go forth and deceive the nations which are in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Magog, and will gather them together for the battle; the number of whom is as the sand of the sea. And they went up over the breadth of the earth and encompassed the camp of the saints, and the beloved city. —APOCALYPSE 20
My spirit turns more and more toward the West, toward the old heritage. There are, perhaps, some treasures to retrieve among its ruins … I don't know. —LAWRENCE DURRELL
As seen from the outside, the massive upheaval in Western society is approaching the limit beyond which it will become “meta-stable” and must collapse. — SOLZHENITSYN
I HAD WANTED TO WRITE a lengthy preface to explain my position and show that this is no wild-eyed dream; that even if the specific action, symbolic as it is, may seem farfetched, the fact remains that we are inevitably heading for something of the sort. We need only glance at the awesome population figures predicted for the year 2000, i.e., twenty-eight years from now: seven billion people, only nine hundred million of whom will be white.
But what good would it do?
I should at least point out, though, that many of the texts I have put into my characters' mouths or pens — editorials, speeches, pastoral letters, laws, news stories, statements of every description — are, in fact, authentic. Perhaps the reader will spot them as they go by. In terms of the fictional situation I have presented, they become all the more revealing.
— J.R.
One
The old professor had a rather simple thought.
Given the wholly abnormal conditions, he had read, and reasoned, and even written too much — versed as he was in the workings of the mind — to dare propose anything, even to himself, but the most banal of reflections, worthy of a schoolboy's theme. It was a lovely day, warm but not hot, with a cool spring breeze rolling gently and noiselessly over the covered terrace outside the house. His was one of the last houses up toward the crest of the hill, perched on the rocky slope like an outpost guarding the old brown-hued village that stood out above the landscape, towering over it all, as far as the tourist resort down below; as far as the sumptuous boulevard along the water, with its green palms, tips barely visible, and its fine white homes; as far as the sea itself, calm and blue, the rich man's sea, now suddenly stripped of all the opulent veneer that usually overspread its surface — the chrome-covered yachts, the muscle-bulging skiers, the gold-skinned girls, the fat bellies lining the decks of sailboats, large but discreet — and now, stretching over that empty sea, aground some fifty yards out, the incredible fleet from the other side of the globe, the rusty, creaking fleet that the old professor had been eyeing since morning.
He added: “From a Canadian point of view it is complementary, we would not really upset their vested interests, which Mexico does much more.
“This is one of the great virtues of Brexit – we can look at all these things and if we think they are good we can tag along.”
“We should follow up every opportunity because that is the wonderful position we are in – it is such an exciting position for the UK to be in. Prior to 23 June we could not have had this discussion.”
Tory MP Sir Gerald Howarth added: “I certainly think if the president is going to review the Nafta arrangement it may well be worth while seeing if there is anything in it for us and them.
“The great merit of where we are now is that we can do whatever we want, subject to having agreement with our counterparties. We do not have to negotiate with the EU any more.”
Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt (Japanese: パンティ＆ストッキングwithガーターベルト, Hepburn: Panti ando Sutokkingu wizu Gātāberuto) is a Japanese anime television series produced by Gainax, as well as a series of tie-in media developed around it. The series aired between October 1, 2010 and December 24, 2010 on BS Nittele (a free-to-air satellite service of Nippon Television). In English-speaking areas, the series has been licensed by Funimation for distribution in North America, and Manga Entertainment for the United Kingdom.[2]
Story [ edit ]
The show revolves around the exploits of the Anarchy sisters, Panty and Stocking, angels who were kicked out of Heaven due to their bad behavior. They are sent to Daten City—a pun on the Japanese word datenshi (堕天使, lit. "fallen angel")—a place on the border between Heaven and Hell, which is besieged by evil spirits referred to as "Ghosts". The sisters take refuge under the care of the reverend Garterbelt; under his watchful eyes, the sisters are tasked with using their ability to transform their lingerie into weapons, and using them to destroy malicious Ghosts. By doing so, the sisters earn "Heaven Coins" with which they intend to one day use to buy their way back into Heaven. However, Panty and Stocking are constantly sidetracked by their respective interests in men and sugary sweets.
Development [ edit ]
Following the broadcast of Imaishi's previous project, Gurren Lagann, the show's staff went on a trip for rest and relaxation. At that time, they aired their opinions to each other under drunken and humorous circumstances, saying such things as "Next time, I want to try this" in approaches to animation. Almost all of the concepts for the anime was made during the initial trip; the names of main characters, "Panty" and "Stocking", were coined at the very first meeting.[3] Hiromi Wakabayashi, who provided the initial idea for the series, cited American adult animation, such as Drawn Together, as inspiration for the show's crudeness.[4]
Characters [ edit ]
Media [ edit ]
Anime [ edit ]
The television series was animated by Gainax and directed by Hiroyuki Imaishi. The series' animation is done in a distinct style resembling and paying homage to American cartoons, along with the Yoshinori Kanada techniques normally associated with Hiroyuki Imaishi's work. The series has many sexual themes in every episode. The theme of the anime is "vulgar and indecent jokes", with Imaishi saying, "If we are going to do this, we will try it thoroughly."[3]
The series aired nationwide, in Japan, between October 1, 2010 and December 24, 2010 on BS Nittele, a free-to-air satellite service of Nippon Television.[7] It was also shown on AT-X seven days after the premiere of each episode, and made available online on Nico Nico Channel (a service of Niconico) through the series's own channel a day after AT-X broadcast. On terrestrial television, it was syndicated in eight markets, including a few JAITS members like Tokyo MX, and TVQ, a TXN affiliate in Kyushu. Internationally, the series was made available online on Crunchyroll.[8]
The series was released in six DVD and BD volumes respectively over the course of six months, with the first DVD/BD volume released on December 24, 2010,[9] followed by succeeding volumes near the end of each following month. The fifth volume, released on April 28, 2011, includes a disc-exclusive episode (OVA) compiling eight short stories, some of which are sequels/conclusions to earlier episodes of the series.
On April 14, 2011, North American anime distributor Funimation Entertainment announced their license to the series, which was released on DVD on July 10, 2012.[10] The Blu-ray was released January 15, 2013.[11] The English dub is directed by Colleen Clinkenbeard, with John Burgmeier acting as head writer and Jamie Marchi, Leah Clark, and Jared Hedges serving as episode writers.[2] The first two episodes were made available for streaming on May 22, 2012 for those subscribed to Funimation's Elite Video Subscription service.[12]
Manga Entertainment released the series in the United Kingdom on July 30, 2012,[13] although upon release, faults were discovered on some of the episodes.[14] A corrected version was released on September 10, 2012.[15]
On November 25, 2016, the official Twitter account for Gainax West posted an announcement teaser image featuring silhouettes of Panty and Stocking with the words "Comming [sic] Soon". An announcement for "something new with Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt" will be made on December 16, 2016, which Gainax West states will not be a pachinko, pachislot, social network game or Blu-ray.[16][17]
Manga [ edit ]
A manga adaptation of the series by Tagro was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace magazine between August 2010 and June 2011.[18] The series was compiled in a single tankōbon volume, released in Japan on June 4, 2011, and was published in English by Dark Horse Comics on May 28, 2015.[19] Another manga illustrated by Hiroyuki Imaishi was serialised in NewType before moving to Monthly Anime Style magazine. Some strips were included in the Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt: Datencity Paparazzi art book, released on June 4, 2011, but the series has not been published in tankōbon format.[20]
Music [ edit ]
The series' musical score is by TCY Force produced by Taku Takahashi (of M-Flo). The opening theme is "Theme for Panty & Stocking", performed by Hoshina Anniversary. The ending theme is "Fallen Angel", performed by Mitsunori Ikeda and featuring Aimee B. The original soundtrack was released on December 29, 2010.[21][22] A hidden track is on the CD. The special edition of the volume 4 BD/DVD includes a bonus CD containing television edits of certain songs from the official soundtrack, as well as previously unreleased songs.
Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt: The Original Soundtrack No. Title Writer(s) Artist Length 1. "Theme for Panty & Stocking" Hoshina Anniversary 0:32 2. "Immoral Church" TeddyLoid, Taku Takahashi TeddyLoid, Takahashi 0:27 3. "Fly Away" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 4:23 4. "Daten City" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 0:49 5. "Beverly Hills Cock" Takahashi TCY FORCE 1:25 6. "Pantscada" TeddyLoid, Takahashi TCY FORCE 1:59 7. "Dancefloor Orgy" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 3:33 8. "D City Rock" TeddyLoid, LISA TeddyLoid feat. Debra Zeer 4:32 9. "Juice" Takahashi Jun Sasaki 1:03 10. "EPTM (Booty Bronx Remix)" Hoshina Anniversary feat. Kodai of KinKieS 4:16 11. "Cherryboy Riot" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 4:33 12. "Technodildo" Hoshina Anniversary 4:30 13. "CHOCOLAT" Emyli & Takahashi TCY FORCE feat. Mariya Ise 4:06 14. "Theme for Scanty & Kneesocks" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 4:13 15. "Schranz Chase" Booty Bronx 5:23 16. "Tenga Step" TCY FORCE 2:52 17. "See-Through" Hoshina Anniversary 4:47 18. "Corset Theme" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 4:34 19. "Champion" Emyli, Takahashi TCY FORCE feat. Emyli 4:51 20. "Fallen Angel" (includes hidden track) LISA and Mitsunori Ikeda feat. Aimee B 15:55 Total length: 1:18:43
A second album, Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt THE WORST ALBUM, was released on 20 July 2011 and features 24 tracks, including remixes of previous songs from the original anime soundtrack, some new songs, as well as "Cherry Corrida" drama tracks.
Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt THE WORST ALBUM No. Title Writer(s) Artist Length 1. "Milky Way" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid feat. Mariya Ise 4:45 2. "Cherry Corrida I ~cocks gone: the death of a bitch~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Koji Seko TeddyLoid 1:13 3. "D City Rock (TeddyLoid Live Remix)" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid feat. Debra Zeer 6:02 4. "Cherry Corrida II ~a case of Garterbelt's loss~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 1:06 5. "Fly Away (Taku & TeddyLoid For the Club Edit)" (Mixed by Mitsunori Ikeda, remix and additional production by Taku Takahashi and TeddyLoid) TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 5:14 6. "S-Trip" (Mixed by Mitsunori Ikeda) Takahashi & TeddyLoid TCY FORCE 2:01 7. "Cherry Corrida III ~a case of Brief's loss~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 0:43 8. "Ghost Town" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 4:06 9. "Cherry Corrida IV ~dry bitch and wet goth girl~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 2:07 10. "Beverly Hills Cock Part.2" (Mixed by Ikeda) Takahashi & TeddyLoid TCY FORCE 1:59 11. "Theme For Panty & Stocking (Hoshina Anniversary Remix)" TeddyLoid Hoshina Anniversary 4:52 12. "Cherry Corrida V ~Dmitri Fullchinkov the cock chopper~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 1:08 13. "Jumping Mole (Nerdcore Switch)" Booty Bronx, Ikeda & TeddyLoid Booty Bronx, Ikeda & TeddyLoid 2:58 14. "Cherry Corrida VI ~the advent of angels?~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 0:59 15. "Cherryboy Riot Part.2" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 4:24 16. "Cherry Corrida VII ~black, huge, solid and stinky~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 0:56 17. "Yesline Dub" TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 3:46 18. "CHOCOLAT (TeddyLoid Remix)" TeddyLoid TCY FORCE feat. Mariya Ise 5:30 19. "Cherry Corrida VIII ~When You Wish upon a Hole~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 0:41 20. "Fly Away (El Poco Maro Dubstep Remix)" (Mixed by Mitsunori Ikeda) TeddyLoid TeddyLoid 3:22 21. "Cherry Corrida IX ~cock chopper blues or cock fucker rhapsody~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 2:37 22. "Champion (TeddyLoid Remix)" TeddyLoid TCY FORCE feat. Emyli 5:02 23. "Cherry Corrida X ~cocks back: the resurrection of a bitch~" (Script by Koji Seko, directed by Yoshikazu Iwanami) Seko TeddyLoid 1:13 24. "Fallen Angel (El Poco Maro Drum'n'Bass Remix)" TeddyLoid Ikeda feat. Aimee B 6:00 Total length: 1:12:43
Reception [ edit ]
Panty & Stocking received a polarized reaction from critics. Carl Kimlinger of Anime News Network found the show to be "unremittingly revolting" and "generally not funny".[23] Anime News Network's individual episode reviews were equally critical, accusing the series more than once of having a style-over-substance approach and generally flawed, tasteless and needlessly disturbing comedy in spite of its impressive production values [24] Reviewer Gia Manry found the visuals and the writing to be substandard, ending in a 1 out of 5 score.[25] She has also criticized Taku Takahashi's musical score for the episode, calling it "terrible". Critic Jacob Chapman considered the show to be a "mess" with a "poisonous air hanging around it" and thoroughly unpleasant to sit through.[26]
David Brothers of Comics Alliance claims that the series feels like the result of an unholy union between The Ren & Stimpy Show and Dirty Pair. He recommends it, saying "it's raunchy, gross, a whole lot of fun" and that "the mix of disparate influences and material makes it a refreshingly funny anime, and dumb in a way where you can clearly see the hand of smart, experienced animators at work behind the scenes."[27] Mike LeChevallier of Japanator says that "where plot structure is hit or miss, the pure stylization, soundtrack and memorable characters make this a series one worth watching from start to finish."[28]
5 years ago
Updated 6:47 p.m. ET, 5/7/2014
New York (CNN) – Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday that she is "absolutely" satisfied with what she knows about the Benghazi terror attack, and cast doubt on the intentions of House Republicans spearheading a select committee to investigate it.
"I mean of course there are a lot of reasons why, despite all of the hearings, all of the information that's been provided, some choose not to be satisfied and choose to continue to move forward," Clinton said in an appearance in New York.
Follow @politicaltickerFollow @danmericacnn
"That's their choice and I do not believe there is any reason for it to continue in this way, but they get to call the shots in the Congress," she said.
The remarks were her first public comments on the formation of a select committee to investigate the September 11, 2012, terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in eastern Libya that killed four Americans, including Ambassador Christopher Stevens.
Benghazi has become a partisan flashpoint over President Barack Obama's conduct of foreign policy and is likely to dog Clinton as she considers launching another White House run.
Republicans have held her culpable since she led the State Department at the time, and some have said the attack should disqualify her from holding elected office.
At multiple events this year, Clinton has said Benghazi was her "biggest regret" from her tenure as America's top diplomat.
"It was a terrible tragedy losing four Americans, two diplomats and now it is public so I can say two CIA operatives," she said previously in New Orleans.
A Senate report earlier this year said the attack was "likely preventable" based on known security shortfalls and prior warnings that the security situation there was deteriorating.
The decision to launch a new investigation follows the disclosure of information last week that Republicans say supports their contention the White House politicized its public response to the armed assault.
Democrats have bristled at the formation of a select committee since other congressional panels have been investigating the matter since it occurred. They counter that Republicans have politicized the investigation.
"My biggest regret is what happened in Benghazi," Clinton said in New Orleans. "It was a terrible tragedy losing four Americans, two diplomats and now it is public so I can say two CIA operatives."
Dear Mark: Sugar as Immune Suppressant By Mark Sisson
Dear Mark,
Since going Primal last summer, my vegan buddy and I have some very explicit differences of opinion. I'm sure you can guess where they come up. Where we agree though is on the subject of sugar, especially refined sugar (syrups, honey, HFCS, table sugar, etc). Neither of us eat the stuff as a rule, but we have different reasons for avoiding it. I give the standard list and his main contention is that sugar compromises the immune system. Is this true? Does eating sugar actually suppress the immune system? I've heard this before, but have yet to see hard proof. Thanks.
Thanks for the question. We already know sugar should be limited in the human diet. Most people can agree with that. Here are but a few of its effects on our physiologies. Fun stuff!
It leads to insulin resistance.
It promotes inflammation in the body.
It can lead to weight gain when ingested.
It contributes to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In fact, our livers process fructose very similarly to the way they process ethanol. Lustig calls fructose “alcohol without the buzz.”
It appears to act like fertilizer for cancer cells.
High fructose diets decrease HDL levels, while reducing the diameter and increasing the density of LDL particles.
Glucose and especially fructose can bond to – glycate – proteins and lipids without proper enzymatic control.
All that would be plenty justification for anyone to cut sugar from their diet, wouldn't you agree? I mean, who wants glycated lipids wedging themselves between endothelial walls, or a cascade of inflammatory responses leading to weight gain and insulin resistance, or a bed of happy, hungry cancer cells enjoying a steady supply of food? Not me.
But you were wondering whether sugar really suppresses the immune system. It's a charge often levied against the humble ivory granules, and, perhaps owing to their despicable record, it's stuck. Sugar is an easy target to pick on, and it's a sticky substance (at least when wet), so things stick.
As to whether sugar directly impacts the immune response, there is evidence that it does play a role: the often-cited 1973 neutrophilic phagocytosis study out of Loma Linda University. Neutrophils are small white blood cells, about 9 or 10 µm in diameter. They're also the most abundant white blood cell, or leukocyte, in the body. Good thing, too, because they play a crucial role in the defense of the multicellular organism (that's us). Neutrophilic phagocytosis is the process by which offensive microbes are dispatched by neutrophils.
The Loma Linda study observed the effect of sugar ingestion upon neutrophilic activity. After an overnight fast, subjects were administered oral 100 gram portions of either glucose, fructose, sucrose, honey, or orange juice. Blood was drawn before and after administration of the sugar, then mixed with a shot of staphylococcus epidermidis (a fairly common bacterial strain that can be virulent in compromised immune systems) to determine the neutrophilic phagocytosis response. After ingestion of sugar (but not starch), the phagocytic index (a rough measurement of the neutrophilic response) was significantly decreased, while fasting significantly increased the response. Sugar eating didn't decrease the number of neutrophils; it simply decreased their responsiveness.
It isn't exactly clear that sugar and sugar alone exerts a neutrophilic-dampening effect on our immune system. I'm inclined to think that the neutrophils aren't lying dormant, befuddled and entranced by the fructose. Instead, I'm thinking they're occupied by the rapid influx of twenty teaspoons of sugar into the body. Let me rephrase that: they're occupied by the effects of the rapid influx of sugar. To understand what I mean, look at the start of this post. Check out all those negative, inflammatory effects sugar has on our body, and think about how twenty teaspoons of sudden sugar might necessitate an inflammatory response to deal with them all.
Who's well-represented among the first wave of the inflammatory response, you might ask? Neutrophils. They are often the first responders to migrate toward the site of inflammation. Now, if a rapid influx of sugar can provoke an inflammatory response, and if that inflammatory response consists of neutrophils springing into action, it might explain the results of the Loma Linda study. Perhaps the neutrophils were dealing with the sugar rush. Maybe their cytoplasmic storage granules, which usually contain antimicrobial weaponry, were depleted after handling the fallout from all that fructose. In any case, though the Loma Linda study is suggestive, more research needs to be done on sugar and its possible immune suppressing effects.
What we do know is that it's impossible (and shortsighted) to hone in on just a single factor. It isn't just sugar that suppresses the immune system. It's also stressed. It's too little exercise, or too much. It's lack of sleep. It's the SAD. Whatever contributes toward chronic inflammation, weight gain, excessive cortisol, and the metabolic syndrome is most likely also contributing to the compromised immune system. Sugar plays a role, maybe even a big one, but it's not the only player.
We also know that people following the Primal Blueprint appear to be healthier. They're the ones who survive flu season with nary a scratch, while their office mates take sick days and the trash bins overflow with used tissues. When they do fall ill, the turnover is quick and painless. These may just be anecdotal accounts, but they're extremely powerful. Is it because of sugar avoidance? Seems likely. Whatever it is, though, it's working.
So, sorry, Poppins. Keep your spoonful of sugar. It may very well help your spoiled wards choke down their medicine, but it could also make the problem – a weak immune system – even worse.
What are your thoughts? Have you noticed fewer colds and flus since ditching sugar and going Primal? Share your stories in the comment board!
Post navigation
If you'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here!
Could we all soon be sleeping with the fishes? Designer creates incredible futuristic city where people live beneath the waves
London-based Phil Pauley designed the Sub-Biosphere 2, which could become home for up to 100 people
People living in the structure would not have to rely on the outside world for air, food and other essentials
Designer hopes to see the futuristic home built in his lifetime, and has written a book about an underwater world
Advertisement
Fancy living in a city under the sea? A designer who is passionate about the concept of living underwater has created his own dream community, and hopes that his big idea will one day become a reality.
Phil Pauley says that he has dreamed about building an underwater city for the past 20 years, and has now released images of what the futuristic development might look like.
Sub-Biosphere 2 comes compete with eight 'bio-dome' structures, and is 1,105ft wide.
Scroll down for video
The Sub-Biosphere 2 would not look out of place in a science fiction film. But designer Phil Pauley hopes that it will one day become a reality
Conceptual designer Mr Pauley, who describes himself as a futurist, says the structure will consist of a central support biosphere, an observation pod, and dwelling pods which will house up to 100 people.
Each of the dwelling pods will house individual eco systems, and there will be no need to rely on air and food from the outside world.
Mr Pauley, who is the founder of a London-based visual communications consultancy, said: 'Building an underwater city is all I have thought about for the last 20 years.
Mr Pauley says the structure would be a self sustainable underwater habitat
Under the sea: Sub-Biosphere 2 is designed for aquanauts, tourism and oceanographic life sciences and long term human, plant and animal habitation
The Sub-Biosphere 2 would allow up to 100 people to live underwater, with no need for the outside world
'I don't want to come across as fanatical, so I am waiting for the right time, when people come around to the idea for themselves.
'When that happens I will be heard with my design.'
Mr Pauley's design was inspired by plans by the University of Arizona for a a research facility of the same name - but so far developments on the project appear to have stalled.
As well as designing his dream city, Mr Pauley is also looking for a publisher for a science fiction trilogy of books for young adults, The Moral Order.
The books feature an underwater world similar to the futuristic design that Mr Pauley hopes to see built in his lifetime.
Fresh from winning its biggest defense contract in May, Larsen & Toubro Ltd. is planning to bid for $28 billion of orders including warships and submarines in India as Prime Minister Narendra Modi breaks with tradition to embrace private, local suppliers.India's new defense purchase policy that allows non-state local firms to compete for orders from the military is helping the nation's biggest engineering firm to become more ambitious, Jayant Patil, head of Larsen's defense business, said in an interview. The company is building on its success with a $700 million order for artillery guns in May, unprecedented in size for a local contractor, he said.Modi's ‘Make in India' program to reduce reliance on imports has opened business prospects worth billions of dollars for companies such as Mumbai-based Larsen, which were earlier shunned by the government in favor of state-owned and foreign firms. Larsen is looking to bid for 1.8 trillion rupees ($28 billion) of orders over the next three years, or almost half of the projects Modi has approved since coming to power in 2014.“What we have done over the last 30 years is going to get us into the real big league now,” Patil said. “It is going to be a golden goose.”Larsen, which started setting up facilities to make defense equipment 30 years ago, may be benefiting from an early mover advantage in a market that saw the arrival of competitors over the years since. Billionaire Anil Ambani's warship builder Reliance Defence and Engineering Ltd., and conglomerates including the Tata Group and Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. are also seeking a slice of the contracts.But, challenges abound for private contractors in India. The local defense industry remains nascent and the country still depends on foreign manufacturers for sophisticated systems like fighter jets. Although Modi modified the policy, making it mandatory to source locally if the products are available, lack of infrastructure and the military's preference for imports effectively narrows the share of the market.“India's defense industry is probably not yet ready for large scale production in the coming two years because it has yet to ramp up experience and build credibility,” said Nikkie Lu, a Hong Kong-based analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “Emerging winners are likely those with deep pockets for bidding and research.”Shares of Larsen have rallied 27 percent this year, outperforming the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex's 19 percent gains.The orders Larsen is chasing include one for warships worth $7 billion, possibly within a year, one for submarines worth $8 billion and another for guns worth $780 million in the next two years, according to Patil.“Now the government trusts the private sector to do defense business,” Patil said in New Delhi on Aug. 25. “This is unprecedented.”The contracts Larsen is competing for are part of a wider spending plan by Modi, who is racing to upgrade India's defense preparedness amid simmering tensions with neighbors Pakistan and China. His administration is planning to spend $250 billion by 2025 on defense hardware, including jet planes, naval ships and drones.Getting local manufacturers on board is also a priority to help shed India's tag as the world's largest defense importer. India has topped the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute's list of the largest defense importers for the last seven years. About 60 percent of its defense purchases are imports.Larsen has so far invested as much as 80 billion rupees building nine defense plants across the country. It will partner with South Korea's Hanwah Techwin Co. to make the artillery guns.While the company doesn't disclose individual order book for its defense business, revenue from the business will probably triple in the next four to five years, while doubling its contribution to the consolidated revenue of the company, Patil said.“There's a gap between what we can do and what we have in hand today," Patil said. “But there's a sizable amount of push towards indigenous ordering.”
Egypt said it has arrested three men suspected of slicing a crucial undersea Internet cable on Wednesday, causing widespread problems from Kenya to Pakistan.
The South East Asia-Middle East-West Europe 4 (SEA-ME-WE 4) cable runs 12,500 miles from France to Singapore, with branches connecting telecommunication companies in Malaysia, Thailand, Bangladesh, India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Italy, Tunisia and Algeria.
Egypt published photos of three men in a boat with their hands tied along with scuba diving tanks. The men were apprehended just offshore where SEA-ME-WE 4 reaches land, according to a Facebook posting purportedly by Egypt's military.
Egypt's Facebook account could not be immediately verified with the social networking company, but Telecom Egypt also wrote about the arrests on its Twitter feed.
SEA-ME-WE 4 is a major cable, said Doug Madory, senior research engineer for Renesys, a company that monitors global internet activity by collecting data on how traffic is routed to different service providers around the world. The cable stopped carrying traffic at 6:20 UTC on Wednesday, he said.
Undersea cables can break due to earthquakes or ship anchors, Madory said. There are fewer than 10 ships worldwide that are equipped to repair underseas cables, he said. But Egypt's might be easier for fix since it is closer to shore, he said.
If the allegation of sabotage is true, "that is just staggering," Madory said. Renesys posted a graph on Twitter showing the outage affecting countries, including Kenya, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda and Saudi Arabia.
At least 614 networks that connect to Telecom Egypt were not working, Madory said. A Hundred of smaller networks that connect to Pakistan's Transworld Associates network were also down, he said.
Renesys monitors routing information for 400 telecommunication companies worldwide. When a cable does down, Internet routers run by telecoms are designed to reroute traffic. But smaller networks that are dependant on a sole large provider to the cable could remain offline until it is fixed, Madory said.
Send news tips and comments to jeremy_kirk@idg.com. Follow me on Twitter: @jeremy_kirk
Intelligentsia employees Devin Pedde, Jared Linzmeier, Charles Babinski lined up before dialing in.
Every morning, there's a ritual that takes place at top coffeehouses that customers rarely see, since it initially occurs before the shops even open. This is the act of “dialing in” coffee, optimizing the grind and dose for each available brew method. On October 28, Intelligentsia welcomed coffee farmers from more than a dozen coffee producing countries to their Extraordinary Coffee Workshop, and employees increased their understanding of how their beans are presented to the public in consumer environments. That process included a demonstration and explanation from Intelligentsia Silver Lake Educator (and seasoned barista) Devin Pedde on dialing in espresso.
Walk me through the dialing-in process. You arrive in the morning and fire up the espresso machine…
The first thing you do is pull a couple of seasoners because the group heads were cleaned with detergent the night before. You want to coat the screen and get it a little bit of coffee inside. From there, there's kind of a range we work in. Anywhere from about 18 – 20 grams of coffee. I would make sure that's what's coming out, then I pull an espresso and watch it and see if it's running too fast or slow, just watch it. If it's looking acceptable, like it's pulling at a proper rate, then I'll go ahead and taste it. From there, we'll decide if it's over-extracting or under-extracting. That would either mean adding more coffee or less coffee, grinding a little finer or coarser.
Is there a point you'll normally start with in terms of dose and grind?
Dose, I'll normally start with 18 or 19 grams. Grind is one of those things that's so subtle, I can't visually look at it and know. The only way is to pull an espresso, see how long it's running for and then taste it. That's the only way, because I can move the grinder very slightly and it would actually have a large impact on what's happening with the machine, but visually I wouldn't be able to look at the grind coming out and know if it's acceptable. All grinders are different. Just because this one's there and that one's there, they're similar looking, but that doesn't necessarily mean they'll be putting out the same thing. Tasting is the number one way.
Then you just do it as many times as necessary until you get it to where you want it?
Yeah, it depends. Sometimes coffees can be pretty difficult, so it might take 20 minutes – hopefully not – but usually it takes about 10 or 15 minutes.
Do you reassess later in the day too?
Absolutely. So normally when you get all dialed in and have something you like, you have a timer that you'll watch and let's say it's beautiful, it's wonderful, and it ran for 23 seconds. That's when I turn it off. And it's perfect. Then what I'll do is control my variables and do everything the same over and over again and just aim for a 23 second mark. That will get me the same product over and over again. I'll probably start noticing as the day goes on that the espresso's running faster. So then I would go ahead and reassess. Or maybe it's trickling out slower than it was before.
Why is it doing that, running faster or slower?
There are different reasons. It's everything from how warm the room is to the humidity in the air. If all of a sudden it was dry in the morning and raining in the afternoon, that will change the humidity, and that will screw up the grind a little bit. The grinder's getting hot, the machine's running hot. There are so many different variables. If you change the coffee, if the roast date is the 24th, now it's the 26th. That will change it. You can't really anticipate the changes. All you can do is pay attention to what's coming out and react to it.
Is there one point person during that shift that says, “This is the way to prepare espresso.”
We work in pairs usually, so it's somebody pulling the espresso and somebody steaming the milk. Usually, they kind of both watch. The person on espresso will communicate to the person on milk what their specs are. “I'm using this much coffee, running it for this long, yielding this much in the cup.” That person can kind of keep an eye on it, if all of a sudden it's yielding twice as much in the same amount of time, it's like, “Hey buddy, you should probably check your grind.”
What's the advantage of working in a pair like that?
Number one, it's speed. One person does espresso, the other person's simultaneously steaming milk or putting down a saucer, whatever. You can make drinks twice as fast. But it's also nice to have an extra set of eyes, too, because if my back's over here, turned, if something is holding me up and I need to turn one of the extractions off, the person that's on the milk can quickly turn it off for me. Do you know what I mean? That's why communication's important.
It's always been that way, since you've been working for the company?
At Intelligentsia, yeah. Not everybody works in pairs. And it depends on how busy it is too. If I'm in the evening, and it's slower, I might just work the machine myself.
Did I hear you say you're using 24 grams of Kenya, 18 of Black Cat?
No, it may be running at about 24 seconds. My dose is 19 on here, 18 on there. Yeah, we usually don't go higher than 20. I try to keep it right around 20, being cost effective, and I think it's unnecessary to dose more than 20. There are different styles, though. If you go up to the Northwest, you'll see mountains of coffee – boom, boom, boom – and they'll jam it all in there.
Why do they do that?
I don't know, it's just a style thing.
Does it taste different?
A little bit. It's normally a little shorter of an espresso, really syrupy, really viscous, not that those are bad things at all, it's just a different style. Just our style of espresso, 19 grams is usually where we end up.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 14, 2016, 9:25 AM GMT / Updated Jan. 14, 2016, 3:07 PM GMT By Ed Flanagan, Suci Landon and Alastair Jamieson
JAKARTA, Indonesia — ISIS claimed responsibility for a four-hour siege in the heart of Indonesia's capital on Thursday that killed seven people, including five attackers.
The brazen daylight assault also injured 24 people as attackers detonated explosions and waged armed battles with police around a busy shopping area in downtown Jakarta.
ISIS issued a statement through social media saying the group's "soldiers” were behind the attack, which it said targeted Westerners from countries fighting the terror group in Iraq and Syria.
The claim came after several Indonesian officials blamed ISIS for the siege, with Jakarta's police chief naming a regional ISIS figure as the suspected ringleader.
Downtown Jakarta was turned into a battlefield as the attack unfolded. The U.S. Embassy told citizens to "shelter in place," saying later that no Americans were caught up in the attack but that "further incidents are possible" and the embassy would be closed on Friday.
The siege began at around 10:45 a.m. local time Thursday (10:45 p.m. Wednesday ET) at a busy intersection near a police station and a Starbucks, according to Jakarta police spokesman Col. Muhammad Iqbal.
Photos: Gunfire and Blasts Rock Jakarta
“I was riding a motorbike when suddenly the explosion went off at the police post,” eyewitness Eliaz Warre told The Associated Press. “I saw people running away and two people lying on the ground bleeding. I also saw two people on a motorbike with a backpack and they are the guys who threw the bomb."
The Inspiration, a truck with self-driving capabilities, is already legal in Nevada. Developed by German and American automakers, the truck lets drivers focus on what matters — communicating and planning — as the Inspiration steers itself and monitors its own speed according to other cars on the road. It doesn't look half-bad, either.
John Locher/AP And check out the in-house dash.
How it works: Unlike Google's self-driving car, Freightliner and Daimler's autonomous truck doesn't just take a pick-up point and a drop-off and simply do all of the work in between. The truck performs more of an intelligent cruise control.
First, it uses radars and 3-D cameras to get a sense of the boundaries of the road and whether cars are nearby.
Once it senses its environment, it knows to continue driving in its lane while watching out for obstacles. If it gets close enough to another Freightliner, it can start "platooning," meaning it can sync up with other self-driving trucks to create an aerodynamic formation that conserves energy, saves fuel and keeps other autos at a safe distance.
The future of transportation: There are numerous benefits to adopting self-driving autos: Traffic accidents will decrease to a marginal percentage, carbon emissions will drop and anyone unable to operate a car will be able to get from place to place.
Trucking jobs are the most common job in 29 U.S. states — more common than farming, teaching and secretarial work. Tweet
But what you might not know is that trucking jobs are a fundamental pillar of what's left of the American middle class. Trucking jobs are the most common job in 29 U.S. states — more common than farming, teaching and secretarial work. And if those jobs disappear because we replace those drivers with computers, it's not just the truckers who will be affected.
For now, the Inspiration still requires a human operator. So at the very least, truck-driving jobs will be safe for another few years.
Why trucking matters: The country was built on transportation. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 1.6 million long-haul truckers and 2.8 million truckers are in the workforce. The American Trucking Association estimates an additional 5.2 million people are employed by the trucking industry who aren't drivers. That includes operations managers, sales personnel, repair staff and instructors.
Trucking creates an ecosystem of towns and businesses fed by the steady flow of human drivers who stop along their route for basic necessities. Scott Santens, a blogger about basic income and automation, wrote on Medium:
"Those working in these restaurants and motels along truck-driving routes are also consumers within their own local economies. Think about what a server spends her paycheck and tips on in her own community, and what a motel maid spends from her earnings into the same community. That spending creates other paychecks in turn. So now we're not only talking about millions more who depend on those who depend on truck drivers, but we're also talking about entire small town communities full of people who depend on all of the above in more rural areas. With any amount of reduced consumer spending, these local economies will shrink."
Those truckers are like nutrients moving along the roots and outer branches of the middle American tree — and when robots don't need to pull over to spend their money at rest stops, each of those secondary services loses its viability. According to independent research reports as recent as May, the truck stop and convenience store business alone is a $450 billion industry.
If self-driving trucks take over the roads, that puts 70% of the nation's freight shipping in the hands of capable robots. That is, if the trucks of the future are all they're cracked up to be.
Will self-driving trucks actually take over the industry? Detractors say the change toward automation will happen so gradually that the industry won't be irreparably disrupted. Bloomberg economy columnist Megan McArdle argues:
"Overall, I think Santens is right that eventually, we'll solve the problems and self-driving trucks will displace a lot of drivers. That will be good news, because truck accidents are extremely deadly. But I expect the number of jobs lost will be smaller than he thinks, and the change will be slower. So while eventually a set of former drivers will have to figure out what to do with their freed time, that's likely to be a problem for the next generation of truckers, not this one."
Martin Ford, author of a recent book on automation called Rise of the Robots, told Mic a number of other factors will prevent self-driving trucks from taking over. To start: They're extraordinarily heavy objects to be moving around populated roads without drivers, and that any computer system is likely to have its security issues. "The technology might be there, but it's going to take some time," he said.
Another argument against the rapid loss of jobs is the concept that, like dozens of industrial transformations in human history, this change will create other kinds of jobs, like maintaining the automated trucks.
But Santens disagrees. "When we mechanized farming, we transitioned to services — but now we've hit this part where instead of automating muscle power, we're automating brain power," Santens told Mic. "Suddenly, all this work we've been shifted to is automatable. There's a belief there will be all these new jobs. And yes, there will be some, but not the millions on millions that will be lost."
Trucking in the U.S. was a stable, reliable source of income for millions of Americans. But now, as the sector explodes with new job opportunities in the short term, driver pay is also at a decadelong low.
But self-driving trucks are arriving soon. Even if, as McArdle argues, this is far enough off in the future that only the next generation of truckers will be affected, we'll need to find many of those drivers new job opportunities. Jobs that can't be immediately automated — a classification of career that's becoming smaller and smaller in scope.
Residents of the Crescent Heights neighborhood in St. Petersburg woke up to a creepy surprise on Halloween, though exactly how creeped they were might depend on how they feel about clowns.
In what appears to be a nod to the latest film adaptation of Stephen King's It, someone overnight placed dozens of balloons near storm sewer drains and on corners throughout the area.
The balloons were attached to paper boats with the words “S.S. Georgie.”
In the film, the appearance of a red balloon is a harbinger to Pennywise, the terrifying, demonic entity that takes the form of a circus clown and sometimes lures children into the sewer.
Every block on our neighborhood has a red balloon over the storm drain. Well played, Crescent Heights. pic.twitter.com/niV2ANGGSJ — Jeff Johnson (@Name_u_know) October 31, 2017
But it looks like St. Petersburg wasn't the only place where red balloons were showing up on Halloween. Twitter was full of similar scenes from around the country.
Here's a look at some of the red balloons spotted on Halloween.
Someone in my moms neighborhood is putting up red balloons pic.twitter.com/H8Ni37WWSD — abbs (@abigailmadilynn) October 31, 2017
there's a student dressed as pennywise placing red balloons all over campus i love college pic.twitter.com/fyDwPVwHze — cris (@hiraethes) October 31, 2017
Whoever keeps putting red balloons around town, please stop littering. #NobodyTrashesTennessee pic.twitter.com/sbzMnV4Seq — Nobody Trashes TN (@NobodyTrashesTN) October 31, 2017
somebody put red 'IT' balloons around campus but its places nobody could fit so that doesnt really make sense pic.twitter.com/Fbe0COSCLW — conner (@cccccccggggg) October 31, 2017
"Police Would Like You to Please Stop Tying Creepy Red Balloons to Sewers" https://t.co/9gAfbinMir — Keith Jenkins (@kgjenkins) October 31, 2017
To the person in Thousand Oaks tying red balloons to storm drains....I love you, and can we be friends?! — Snow Tish ὂ (@12thmanTish) October 31, 2017
RELATED
MOVIES: Plan a Halloween movie marathon with these spooky flicks on Netflix, Hulu an more
OUR “IT” REVIEW: This is the overlong, spooky remake “It” deserves
HALLOWEEN FUN: 13 things to do in Tampa Bay on Halloween night
My favorite model for relationships comes from the work of anthropologist Helen Fisher. She's dedicated decades of her life and her career to studying and understanding love, intimacy and relationships. This post will cover her Three Loves Theory, a theory that I find incredibly helpful for understanding relationships.
The premise of the Three Loves Theory is that not all love is experienced equally. Anyone with a fair amount of romantic/sexual experience could tell you that love and passion come in different flavors. With some people it's intense and furious, with others it's mellow and sensitive; with some, it's tumultuous with a lot of ups and downs, with others it's slow and consistent over a long period of time.
But this isn't just theorizing. Scientists like Fisher have studied the cognitive and neurobiological processes underlying attraction and love, and they've begun to pinpoint different emotions that occur at different stages of romantic relationships. Through these studies, Fisher was able to map the neurobiological components of each love experience and then match them to real-world social realities.
The three loves that she came up with are the following: Lust, Passion, and Commitment. These three loves occur in different parts of the brain and occur independently from each other. For instance, you can be “in lust” with someone but have no perceived commitment to them (e.g., one-night stands). But before we get into that, let's cover what the three loves are specifically.
Love One: Lust
Lust is a feeling that anyone should be able to relate to easily. It comes from the reptilian brain and is pure, instinctual reproduction. Lust is a yes/no proposition: basically, do you want to have sex with this person at this moment? It's instantaneous and based on pretty straightforward physical and behavioral components of attraction.
Lust can also leave just as quickly as it came. It's transitory and shifts constantly within a person. It has no attachment or favoritism. It's really as simple as, “Do I want to fuck him/her right now? Yes or no?”
Love Two: Passion
Passion is the emotional connection that occurs between two people. It's rooted in the mammalian brain. Two people in passion are considered “smitten.” They stare at each other, want spend every hour of every day together, stay up until 6AM together talking. Think newlyweds and honeymoons. Think romantic getaways. Think Romeo and Juliet. Passion is created by having a high degree of emotional chemistry as well as cultivating a sense of “newness” or spontaneity within the relationship. Hence, old married couples who plan romantic getaways to rekindle the passion in their relationship.
Passion has an incredible power to override a person's logical functioning. It often cajoles us into making less-than-stellar statements and commitments. It's the boyfriend who says he loves his new girlfriend and then four months later changes his mind. It's the girl who dreams for a year of moving in with her boyfriend and then as soon as she does, she realizes she doesn't love him as much as she thought. It causes us to get caught up in the moment and project an endless and utopian future for the relationship.
Passion cannot be cultivated without lust, although a couple can remain passionate with one another after the lust disappears (again, think of an old married couple). Passion's death is wrought by lack of shared experience and lack of newness. Once a couple hits the point after 6-12 months together where the “newness” of the other person starts to wear off, a serious test of their compatibility will arise. If that couple can merge their lives together in such a way that they continuously share their new experiences with one another, then passion will continue. If not, then it will eventually fall by the wayside. Which brings us to the third and final love.
Love Three: Commitment
If two people remain in passion for long enough, and there is a long-term compatibility where they can continue to share new life experiences together indefinitely, then commitment will arise. Commitment is an unbelievably powerful feeling and occurs rarely in life.
Commitment is when the passion of Love Two persists to the point that it's unconditional. Couples that are in Love Two and not Love Three will often feel great until something happens: he loses his job, she has a miscarriage, he starts drinking, etc. Commitment is when you emotionally accept and love the other person's flaws as much as their strengths. Scientists have actually shown that for couples who reach that level of commitment, their senses of self actually merge with the other person. When they observe neural activation patterns in these people, if you ask a man married for 20 years to think about his wife getting into a car accident, and then ask him to think about himself getting into a car accident, the same “self” spots in his brain will light up; whereas it won't for anybody else, and it won't for couples who have not been at the Third Love of commitment for a long period of time.
Commitment arises with the idea that the relationship will persist indefinitely. The only way it can end is if one or both parties of a relationship change individually to the point where it becomes harmful for the other person to self-identify with their partner: again, think of the husband who becomes an alcoholic, or the wife who keeps cheating, etc. Sometimes even then, the power of commitment holds on, depending on the people.
Passion and Lust can disappear well after Commitment arises without affecting the Commitment. In this way, each love is a pre-requisite for the subsequent love to emerge, but once it has, it's no longer necessary. Lust is needed for passion, but passion can exist later without it. Passion must exist for commitment, but later on, commitment can exist without it.
There are timetables for each love, although these are very arbitrary and will vary widely from person to person and couple to couple. But it's helpful to think about this: Lust is instantaneous and comes and goes constantly, being very easy to retrieve once lost. Passion takes anywhere from a few days to a few weeks to emerge, and usually sticks around for 3-6 months. In highly compatible couples, it will persevere but still require effort and constant communication to maintain beyond a couple years. Commitment arises after anywhere from 1-3 years together and remains for a lifetime unless two people grow apart as individuals, in which case it often takes years to undo itself.
[Cover image credit: Nor Sasono]
PanARMENIAN.Net - Russia-U.S. strategic nuclear arms cuts cannot be pursued without also addressing missile defense systems, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Thursday, June 20, according to RIA Novosti.
Strategic stability is affected by the role of defense systems, in particular “the U.S. plans to build non-nuclear weapons” which will be “far more effective than the existing strategic nuclear arms,” he said in an interview with Rossia-24 TV.
Further cuts in nuclear weapons can only be discussed in a multilateral, not bilateral format, with the participation of other nuclear powers, Lavrov said.
In a wide-ranging speech Wednesday in Berlin, U.S. President Barack Obama said he has concluded after “a comprehensive review,” that the United States can cut its deployed strategic nuclear weapons by one-third while still ensuring the nation's security. “And I intend to seek negotiated cuts with Russia to move beyond Cold War nuclear postures,” Obama said.
Lavrov also said the U.S. review of its missile defense program for Europe does not address Russia's concerns because “the system remains global” and its components “are being deployed along the perimeter of our borders.”
Russia and NATO formally agreed to cooperate over the European missile defense system at the 2010 NATO summit in Lisbon, but talks foundered, in part over Russian demands for legal guarantees that the system would not undermine its strategic nuclear deterrent. In mid-March, the U.S. announced that it was modifying its planned missile defense deployment to Poland, dropping plans to station SM-3 IIB interceptors in the country by 2022.
Alderweireld missed most of Wednesday's Champions League match against Real Madrid (Getty)
Tottenham have confirmed that both Hugo Lloris and Toby Alderweireld will miss Sunday's Premier League match against Crystal Palace.
The duo both started against Real Madrid in Wednesday's astonishing 3-1 victory over the defending European champions at Wembley Stadium.
However, Alderweireld was forced off with the scores still tied at the 24th minute-mark, clutching his thigh after bursting forward.
Lloris, meanwhile, took a heavy fall after punching clear a cross, though he did manage to finish the match despite Michel Vorm being sent to warm up.
It was expected that the duo would miss the game against Crystal Palace after they were omitted form their national team squads for the internal break, and Spurs have now confirmed the news.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Spurs tweeted: ‘Hugo (groin strain) and Alderweireld (hamstring strain) both unavailable and continue to undergo assessment.'
Lloris was omitted from the France squad due to the injury sustained against Real (Picture: Getty)
Tottenham will hope that their star pairing – who will undergo scans on Friday – can recover in time for the north London derby against Arsenal on Saturday 18 November.
Alderweireld's injury is likely to see Eric Dier step back into defence against Palace (Picture: Getty)
They will have just over two weeks to recover over the course of the international fixtures, with the match against Arsenal the first game back after the break.
Meanwhile, Victor Wanyama – who has not played since taking on Chelsea in August – is continuing ‘fieldwork' but will not be fit to take on Palace.
The New York Times was once described in worldly terms as "the kingdom and the power." But in recent decades the title applies more to the global empire of Rupert Murdoch, whose massive media octopus of $60 billion in assets spans Australia, China, Latin America, India, the United States, and Europe. In 2010, News Corp. earned $33 billion in revenue from Star TV in Hong Kong, Dow Jones in the US, and Sky TV and papers in London, to name a few. Mr. Murdoch's US-based Fox News network is described in a 2010 News Corp. report as "unstoppable."
Murdoch's clout is such that Tony Blair's first trip as British leader was to Australia for an audience with the mogul. If being feared is a requirement for British power, says Oxford writer Timothy Garton Ash, Murdoch has been more powerful than the previous three prime ministers.
What News Corp. potentates did not count on was Milly Dowler.
The 13-year-old British girl murdered in 2002 had her voice mail hacked and messages erased by Murdoch's media operatives within his British newspaper arm News International. After a July 5 Guardian exposé revealed that News of the World (NotW), one of Murdoch's bestselling British tabloids, tampered with Milly's cellphone messages (leaving her family thinking she was alive), she posthumously became Murdoch's Mohamed Bouazizi – the young Tunisian vegetable vendor whose self-immolation in December sparked the Arab Spring.
The scandal's penetration seems to have no end. It has smeared British Prime Minister David Cameron for hiring a key Murdoch editor (Andy Coulson, since fired); brought revelations of some 3,870 phone-hacking victims; damaged public trust with widespread evidence of police payoffs; caused a national inquiry into press, police, and politicians; and it has now leaped the Atlantic to an FBI inquiry into the possible tampering of the cellphone voice mails of 9/11 victims.
The scandal is seen as New Inter­na­tional's effort to find and sell stories on the tragedy of ordinary people. It's brought a British rejection of the Murdoch name for the first time since his partisan media became the engine for Margaret Thatcher's program to rejuvenate England in the 1980s. Since July 5, News Corp. has lost some $6 billion in value.
Turning away from tabloid taste
Whether Murdoch's empire will topple, as some breathless prognosticators say, is unclear. Certainly, damage is done. As Milly's story went viral, Murdoch closed NotW after 168 years, making it a sacrificial lamb for his larger aim to take over the lucrative British Sky Broadcasting (BSkyB) satellite TV firm. But after all sides in the House of Commons opposed the 71 percent buyout, Murdoch withdrew his bid. And on Friday, he saw his trusted London lieutenant, News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks, succumb to the mounting calls for her resignation.
Murdoch's own behavior has done him no favors. He flew to London to take charge of the scandal but seemed uncharacteristically deaf to an angry public. While politicians made the Dowler home a pilgrimage, Murdoch's personal apology to the family on Friday appeared to come only at the last moment.
The extent of News Corp.'s criminality is the immediate question here. But the core of the story goes to a lowering of standards and what analysts call a cynical manipulation of emotions and tabloid taste hidden behind a facade of family values and British patriotism that have long defined the News Corp. approach.
News International broke the law "on an industrial scale," said former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown in the Commons, after revealing that his handicapped son's medical records were compromised. "In their behavior towards those without a voice .... [News International] descended from the gutter to the sewer."
In fact, News International is admired for the creativity and energy required to survive in the competitive London press hothouse. Yet it has long caused gritted teeth for adopting many creeds and attitudes of its boss, say journalists who have worked under News Corp. The Murdoch ethos of a do-whatever-it-takes-to-win attitude is prevalent. The 1990s NotW exposés on the royals and soccer stars seem tame compared with recent themes of shaming transvestites and pedophiles, unearthing medical horrors, and breaking into the voice mail of ordinary Brits.
"News of the World readers from even the 1970s, looking at recent front pages ... their jaws would be on the floor," says Nick Spencer of Theos, a London think tank on religion. "Even in the Victorian Era people liked reading the grotesque. But it was not daily fare on the front page of a national newspaper. It isn't so much human nature or morality ... but the unwritten rules of our public culture that are being violated by the tabloids."
Murdoch's long political reach
Significantly, the London media is a national media. Yes, London still runs on ink. Breakfast rooms, metros, clubs, and street corners are loaded with newsprint. But stories and broadcasts here echo through the British Isles with a singular power. "From the north of Scotland to rural England, it is a national readership," says Jon Silverman, professor of law and media at the University of Bedfordshire and a former BBC reporter. "That's why politicians have kowtowed. Here, if you have a conflict with Murdoch, you can lose millions of voters overnight."
The power of a central press is also one reason Mr. Coulson, the former NotW deputy editor hired by Mr. Cameron, is so significant. He was the right hand of Ms. Brooks when she edited NotW before climbing the ladder at News International. He is a "made" Murdoch man. His hiring was seen as embodying Murdoch's hold on British politics.
"Murdoch was a copartner with Thatcher. This wasn't independent media," says James Curran of the University of London media studies center. "Coulson was not just tainted by hacking. He is someone from the heart of a very partisan press, up to his elbows in unethical practices, who was brought in to act as a hinge between the Murdoch empire and the government. His job was to make sure that Murdoch was on board."
Comment on Coulson got wide airing from an unlikely source recently. British actor Hugh Grant secretly taped a former NotW reporter, Paul McMullan, who himself had once hacked into Mr. Grant's voice mail. Grant recorded as Mr. McMullan explained a book he is writing on the NotW that appears to finger Coulson in the early hacking period.
On the tape, McMullan says: "Yes, as I said to the parliamentary commission, Coulson knew all about it and regularly ordered it.... [Coulson] rose quickly to the top; he wanted to cover his tracks all the time. So he wouldn't just write a story about a celeb who'd done something. He'd want to make sure they could never sue, so he wanted us to hear the celeb like you on tape saying, 'Hello, darling, we had lovely sex last night.' So that's on tape – OK, we've got that and so we can publish."
On a recent night in London, outside the Red Lion pub off St. James's Square, many of the best and brightest stand around in pinstripes holding pints. A political consultant says that while the Murdoch scandal may be raging, he doubts it will last. "Murdoch is riding low," says the 40-something who did not want to be named. "But in eight months when no one remembers this anymore ... he will come out, a dangerous man, and inflict some payback. Bear in mind, Murdoch still holds half the police and half the politicians in his pocket."
The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has passed directions to the defence ministry to task the Army with clearing up the litter deposited over the years at tourist spots in high-altitude areas. In the last two years, the Army has laid mats for the Yoga Day celebrations - a responsibility of state governments - and also constructed two pontoon bridges along the Yamuna floodplains in Delhi for Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's controversial mega event World Culture Festival.
In a similar manner, even before the central police forces were deployed to handle the Panchkula riots, which broke out following Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh's conviction in a rape case, or the police entered the godman's dera in Sirsa, the Army was called into action.
Is this because there are no other capable organisations left in the country or because it involves no expense to the state that the Army is the first responder or tasked beyond its mandate?
Is it because it is the only organisation that has never refused a task, completes every challenge addressed to it with dedication and sincerity and has never let the nation down? Or is it because the government is seeking to lower its prestige and standing in the public eye, by assigning it tasks way below its charter and role.
They are trained to assist the state in handling national calamities, not laying mats - that any other establishment or organisation can do. Photo: Reuters
The Centre has immense resources under its control, but ignores them because the armed forces are the easiest to deploy. The top-down approach adopted by the military ensures that tasks once passed down the chain from the top hierarchy are implemented in letter and spirit. It has always been a service that accepts any degradation without even a whimper. Hence it is taken for granted.
The armed forces of the nation have a role and task. Their task is national security. They are trained to kill anti-nationals or the enemy, while in the bargain they should be willing to sacrifice their lives. They are neither trained nor tasked to clear the litter dumped by careless visitors who the state has failed to brief. They are trained to lay bridges in war-like situations, not for mega showcase events. They are trained to handle situations beyond the control of local security forces, not act as police outside the dera. They are trained to assist the state in handling national calamities, not laying mats - that any other establishment or organisation can do.
Cleaning after tourists should be the responsibility of the state government that has permitted them to visit remote areas. If the state collects fees from tourists and profits from their visits, then a part of the same should be spent on maintaining the region. Why task the Army with it?
The logic provided by the PMO and the defence minister is that these are regions with no local inhabitants. Nothing could be further from the truth. There are no such areas in existence in India. Even in high-altitude regions, there are tourist camps, hotels and transport facilities using which tourists transit.
Had such facilities not existed, tourists would never have venture travelling to such destinations. Along with these facilities, government offices and local establishments too monitor the region. However, while the state brushes off its responsibility, the centre taps the only source it feels free to misuse, the armed forces.
In March 2017, there were discussions across media platforms about the military's buddy system, especially following the death of Roy Matthew, a 33-year-old Indian Army soldier from Kerala.
It was considered demeaning for a soldier by almost everyone. Clearing up the litter deposited by the hundreds who visit tourist destinations in remote areas is even more demeaning than being a buddy; in most cases, you are still considered a family member.
It is surprising that those who criticised the Army then are quiet when it is being assigned the most demeaning of tasks today.
It is surprising that those who criticised the Army's buddy system after Lance Naik Roy Matthew's death are quiet when it is being assigned the most demeaning of tasks today.
In both Sikkim and Jammu and Kashmir - regions specifically mentioned by the defence minister as tourist spots at high altitude areas - the forces deployed are the Army and the ITBP. However, it is the Army that has been pressed into service.
This begs a question: Is it because the Army would never say no simply because orders flow from the top, while other forces may object since the level of discipline is not the same?
Every time such decisions are taken, the soldier who has been deployed feels insulted, so do his superiors who pass these directions, but does the government care?
If the defence minister is new and unaware of the terrain where the Army is designated to perform these demeaning chores, then the right advice should have been conveyed by those that matter.
Tasks that are bona fide and within the Army's ambit should be readily accepted, not those which are downright demeaning to troops and would even hurt the sentiments of some. The armed forces are the most disciplined and respected institution of the nation and should be treated accordingly.
To reiterate, that it never disobeys orders and performs every task to complete satisfaction should not be misused. Those in power must understand the sentiments of the soldier on the ground too.
Also read: Lance Naik Roy Matthew is not the first victim of scoop-hungry journalism
UPDATE : In an interview with Business Times dated 28 June, Ramsay's business partner Stuart Gillies disclosed that they will be opening their first restaurant in Singapore early next year at The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands. Our sources further reveal the location is likely to be at the soon-to-close Moluccas Room.
Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay has unveiled he is making major moves to expand his restaurant empire into Asia, with the opening of his first restaurant in Hong Kong by this fall. The Gordon Ramsay Group already has 24 establishments across Europe, the US and the Middle East, boasting 7 Michelin stars amongst its accolades.The British European-themed eatery Bread Street Kitchen from London will open in Hong Kong in September, and will feature a warehouse-style design that mixes vintage and contemporary furnishings.
Greetings Citizens,
Simple to play, difficult to master: it's a well-accepted philosophy that forms the core of great game design. And with Star Citizen's ships and their components, it's a mission statement. The ultimate goal for Arena Commander (and ultimately a persistent universe) is that it will be simple for a player to pick up a ship, launch off into space and enjoy the experience. At the same time, we are building a customization system that allows for near-infinite complexity and a constant sense of progression. You don't HAVE to drill down to specifics like weapons mounts or technology overclocking… but you can, and the game will reward you for it.
Balance is also a massively important issue in a skill-based combat scenario like Arena Commander. You need an experience with progression—players striving to earn a better ship, gun, reward—alongside the desire never to have a single ‘best' endgame. Everyone should want to continue developing their ships, but no one should ever have a universal advantage for doing so. Over the past months, we've been studying the results of early iterations of Arena Commander, we've been observing matches, reading backer comments, following the endless ‘input type' battles and more.
As the next stage in space combat evolution, in Star Citizen 1.1, you can expect to see changes on how weapons and hardpoints will function. The idea of balancing gimbaled hardpoints has been in the plans since the beginning, and with 1.1 we're introducing it into the wild. The end result is that players will have more choice over what weapons they can attach… but with more of an impact on gameplay resulting from those choices.
Why? Increased granularity in weapons makes for the best possible experience and a system that rewards skilled pilots for forgoing certain creature comforts is good for balance all around. We want to see players forced to make meaningful decisions about their loadouts in relation to their personal play style rather than simply having them pick the ‘best' gun or missile. Expect to see further changes to this balance as other aspects of Arena Commander's flight model come online; for example, gun functionality will be defined not only by size, but by aspects like their power requirements, electromagnetic signature and more.
Weapon Sizes
The first, simpler change relates to weapon size. In the past, weapons have been defined by a type (class 1, class 2, etc.) and a size (size 1, size 2.) This allowed us a certain amount of control over the base loadouts: you can't put a huge gun on a tiny ship, you can't put a missile where a gun is intended to go and so on. But this system has some issues, chief among them the fact that in addition to confusing new pilots, it doesn't make natural sense; why is a missile rack class 3 or a turret class 4? Or even worse some weapon hardpoint classes were really for different sizes of the same type of item – class 5, 6 and 7 hardpoints were all for different sized manned turrets (from the Constellation to a Capital ship turret that you may see on a Bengal Carrier)
The old system of weapon hardpoint “classes” was invented before we had implemented the actual hardpoint system in the game code. The system implemented in the game, which everyone has been using since Arena Commander v0.8, is called the itemport system and classifies what can accept on the port by a “type” (an itemport is able to have multiple types it can accept) and “size”. Every item in the game has a type and a size in its item definition. If the item type and size match what the itemport has for its allowed type and size then you can mount the item onto your ship at that itemport. This is universal for all items you can attach to your ship – not just weapons and turrets but thrusters, power plants, fuel tanks, scanners, coolers, avionics and so on. Internally there is no class X weapon hardpoint, so starting today we're retiring the obsolete naming convention for weapon hardpoints!
Instead it will be a Size 1 Gun or a Size 3 Unmanned Turret, or a Size 2 Pylon or a Size 4 Manned Turret and so on.
Weapon Mounts
So to clarify all items and itemports (think of this like a socket you plug the item into) are defined by three key pieces of information –
1) TYPE
2) SIZE
3) PIPE
We've talked about the concept of Pipes before – these are the connections between items and the ship that carry things like Heat, Data, Power, Fuel and so on. So for an item to be compatible with an itemport beside the size and type needing to match up the Pipe(s) need to match up – so if a Turret has an input for “Power” and “Data” (say for auto targeting) and output of “Heat”, the itemport will also need to have hookups for these three pipes.
One other interesting point is that going forward the size value for all weapons will be uniform, and scale to every ship in the galaxy. The new system will handle everything from the smallest possible weapon, Size 1 (1 meter) to the largest, Size 10 (40 meters) and gives us much more room to scale between the Merlin and the Bengal. The system is also expandable; if we ever need a gun that's more than forty meters long, we have the ability to generate it in Star Citizen!
Simply reorganizing how weapons are sized is more of an internal change; players will take note of it and it unifies the language and makes things simpler to understand but it doesn't immediately impact gameplay.
What DOES change is how you set your loadouts are the changes we are making to ships' weapons itemports for 1.1.
We are changing most Size 2 and up weapon itemports to be able to accept either a gun OR an Unmanned Turret (sometimes called a gimbal). Not all Size 2+ weapon itemports will be this way due to either Pipe requirements or logical ones (a fixed size 3 gun built into a spaceship's nose would not be suitable for a Turret) but most will.
Every joystick user is probably going; “Oh, no! Even more gimbaled weapons :-(” as they read this… But this is where the balance comes in!
When you mount a Turret/Gimbal to an itemport, the size(s) of the weapon that the Turret/Gimbal are reduced. So if you mount a Size 2 Gimbal to the Size 2 weapon itemport, the weapon itemport on the Gimbal can only be a Size 1.
The rule on sizes for secondary itemports (these are itemports on an item plugged into another item port) is that they have to at least drop a size. So you can only plug a size 1 item into a size 2 item and so on. In the case of Turrets this is additive, so if you have a size 3 Turret it could mount two Size 1 guns or one Size 2 gun (note this doesn't mean you have the choice on each Turret, its more that you may have the option of buying a Size 3 Turret with two Size 1 weapon itemports or a Size 3 Turret with one Size 2 weapon itemport.)
A Manned Turret loses one more Size point. So the smallest Manned Turret could be is Size 3 and it would have a Size 1 weapon item port). The Manned Turrets on the Retaliator are Size 4, allowing for 2 Size 1 guns on each Turret.
So you have a choice; Mount a bigger, more powerful gun or mount a smaller gun that has greater accuracy / gunnery control. Joystick players will probably stick more with fixed guns and have greater hitting power as it's easier for them to maneuver their ship to get a bead on their target whereas a mouse user may opt for gimbaled weapons due to the aiming accuracy of the mouse but will be giving up the hitting power of a larger gun.
These aren't the only limits we'll be using to balance guns in Star Citizen! Things like Power and Data are required for Turrets and factor into your overall ship needs; you may not have enough CPU cycles on your ship's computer to run the targeting computer and four gimbaled guns! There could be weapon itemports that allow you mount a Gun, a Missile Rack or a Turret. With this increased customization comes increased choice and increased tradeoffs!
It's an intricate system, but all those parameters allow us to tune ships towards a specific purpose, while still allowing players to skew that purpose towards their own goals. We want players who are using their piloting skill to have the best advantage in terms of guns; if you're a sharpshooter, you'll be rewarded for choosing fixed guns. If you choose gimbaled or turreted mounts, you'll have an easier time hitting your target… but your weapons won't cause as much damage as an equivalent fixed set.
Behind the Screens
We know that many backers are curious about more than just how things work in Star Citizen, they want to know why they work. What follows is a more detailed dive into some of the background and more detailed requirements of the updated weapons system.
Weapon Size has been refactored to correlate to volume, which scales by a decreasing factor – by the time you get to the capital ship scale, jumps between sizes are enormous, but we still need to differentiate clearly between a Size 1 (0.25m^3) and a Size 2 (0.73m^3). That Size 10? A whopping 1394.5m^3! Volume is weird. The reason it's correlated to volume is to allow our artists the freedom to define guns with their own distinctive forms, while still guaranteeing that weapons of the same size will always fit.
Now that infinite complexity has been added to these weapons (volume is preserved through ratios, which are capped at 7:1 and 2:1 – but there's still every number in between), the system is returned to sanity by sitting down with the artists and enumerating the exact ratios that apply to each weapon type, providing those weapons with a particular personality and profile to aid visual identification. New weapon designs are thus provided a size and a ratio, defining an exact bounding box within which to generate the awesome visuals that define these items.
The weapon mounts scale up accordingly. With the attaching faces of weapons guaranteed to be a certain size, we can always be assured the gun will look right when placed on a mount. Since all attaching faces are now unified, all correctly sized mounts can be placed in hardpoints that accept that size – fixed, gimbal, manned turret, rocket pod, missile rack, fuel container, etc. Naturally, that's not how ships are actually made. In the extreme example, a fuel container is pretty useless without a fuel pipe connected to that hardpoint, and a manned turret won't accomplish much without a seat available to man it. Since the hardpoint still defines the high level restrictions, ships can still be balanced individually without messing too much with the item ecosystem.
Again, these hardpoints and mounts have limits to their performance – increased mass constraints at the cost of gimbal speed, for example. Particularly at the larger sizes, mass begins to be a real balancing act when trying to drag the most firepower around the universe. Some hardpoints won't be able to accept certain mounts because of their nature – a fixed gun built into the hull of a ship won't be swappable with a gimbal, no matter how much the numbers say it fits. Ultimately, getting the most out of your ship will come down to understanding your ship, and finding your style of flying to match.
The Future
You will start to see this system in place with Arena Commander 1.1. In fact, gimbaled weapons mounts will be available for backers to try in the Voyager Direct and Electronic Access stores soon. It's not the complete system today, but it's a good indication of the work we intend to introduce. Some of this is still being worked out (the design trade-offs between mounting a weapon or a missile, for example), but it marks the beginning of a unified system for weapons and mounts across all the ships in the game.
With that foundation, we can move forward on some of the deeper designs planned. Unique targeting behaviors, such as remote access or point defense solutions; attachments that augment the performance of weapons, or that alter their effects; retractable mounts that disappear into the hull of the ship; it'll take some time to bring together all of these distinct elements under one roof, but doing so will bring a whole new level of meaningful choice to weapon loadouts.
SPRINGFIELD -- For Amanda L. Walmsley and her boyfriend, romance was in short supply as Valentine's Day approached this year, according to the arrest report.
There was plenty of hot grease, though.
After the couple argued on Feb. 13, Walmsley allegedly threw hot grease from a second-story window, striking her boyfriend on the sidewalk. Moments later, a frying pan came flying out the window too, narrowly missing the boyfriend, the arrest report said.
When police arrived, no grease spatter analysis was needed -
evidence of the alleged assault was visible on the victim's head, chest and legs, the report said.
"He was covered in grease," Officer James Donovan noted, and the pan was still on the sidewalk.
A witness confirmed the boyfriend's account, saying he saw a woman throw a pan out the window that "just barely missed his head," the report said.
Questioned by police, Walmsley, 26, acknowledged that an argument had broken out in their Pasadena Street apartment over her boyfriend's alleged infidelity. She was arrested at the scene and he was taken to Baystate Medical Center for treatment of minor burns.
On Valentine's Day, Walmsely pleaded not guilty in Springfield District Court to assault and battery with a dangerous weapon (hot grease) and assault with a dangerous weapon (pan).
She was released on $250 cash bail and ordered to return for a pretrial hearing on March 28.
Denmark's first food waste supermarket has proved a huge success – with shoppers stripping the store's shelves of cut-price surplus produce.
WeFood opened in the Scandinavian country's capital Copenhagen last Monday, selling produce past its sell-by-date but perfectly edible - at prices 30 to 50 per cent cheaper than normal supermarkets.
The first of its kind in Europe, We Food has said it differentiates itself from other ‘social supermarkets' – targeted nearly exclusively at those on low incomes – because it is aimed at the public in general.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The store's first day of trade was a “great success”, according to the Copenhagen Post, which reported that sales were higher than expected and customers walked away with almost all of the products on offer.
A spokesman for Folkekirkens Nødhjælp, the NGO behind the initiative, said: “It's fantastic. It shows people want to buy the goods.”
The store now hopes to build on its initial success by attracting more suppliers to keep shelves fully-stocked going forward.
Announcing the supermarket's opening, Per Bjerre, of Folkekirkens Nødhjælp, said: “WeFood is the first supermarket of its kind in Denmark and perhaps the world as it is not just aimed at low-income shoppers but anyone who is concerned about the amount of food waste produced in this country.
“Many people see this as a positive and politically correct way to approach the issue.”
WeFood is hoping to reduce the 700,000 tonnes of food waste produced by Denmark each year – a figure that has decreased by 25 per cent in the last five years.
Eva Kjer Hansen, the Danish Minister for Food and the Environment, said: “It's ridiculous that food is just thrown out or goes to waste.
“It is bad for the environment and it is money spent on absolutely nothing.
“A supermarket like WeFood makes so much sense and is an important step in the battle to combat food waste.”
Last month, France introduced a law banning supermarkets from throwing away any waste food, requiring them to donate it to charities and food banks instead or face a €3,750 fine.
Charities have since called on the UK to introduce similar legislation.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
- Police are searching for three heavily-armed men who broke into a home in Gaithersburg overnight.
Investigators say it happened at the Gaithersburg Station apartment complex on Teachers Way just before 11:30 p.m. They say the three suspects stole weapons before fleeing the scene.
According to police, the victim came home from work and soon after, he heard a knock at the door. When he looked, he saw a man standing outside who looked as though he was in distress.
Police say the victim opened the door, and the man rushed in along with two others. They were armed with handguns and demanded property, which the victim told them to take.
Investigators say the suspects stole the victim's wallet, laptop, cell phone and two guns-- a long gun and a hand gun-- before fleeing the scene. The victim was not injured.
Gaithersburg police released the following descriptions of the suspects:
Suspect #1: Black male, 6'2" tall with dark skin, a short haircut and a day-old beard
Suspect #2: Hispanic male with a chin-strap beard
Suspect #3: No specific description, other than a man wearing dark clothing
Police say the three got away in a 2004-2006 police-style White Ford Crown Victoria with tinted windows and a spotlight, similar to one that would be found on a police car or cab. They also say the vehicle had the new style Maryland tags, which are distinct with the red, yellow and black Maryland state flag across the bottom.
Anyone with information about the suspects or their whereabouts is asked to call the City of Gaithersburg Police Department.
Police point out that this crime took place in a secured building, and they're reminding residents not to open their doors to anyone and not to let anyone follow you into a secured building.
It's not just the UK that's been buffeted by strong winds in recent days, with a video posted to YouTube showing how hurricane force winds in southern Spain caused a bike race in Benidorm to be abandoned.
The 153 rider had just set off on the neutralised start for the third round of the Volta a la Marina when they were “surprised by hurricane force gusts,” reported as reaching 100 kilometres an hour and blowing some riders over, according to organisers.
Not only was it impossible to pedal into the wind, but riders were also forced to unclip to stay safe as well as some having to fight to stop their bikes from being blown away.
Following discussions with the Guardia Civil the race jury took the decision to cancel the race, which forms part of a competition for regional clubs held on weekends from January to March.
Christmas Eve means we're about a week and a day away from the highly-anticipated premiere of Sherlock's fourth series - and it's looking like the latest episodes of the BBC drama are going to be particularly rewarding for fans who've been meticulously combing through the show for details since its 2010 premiere.
This morning (December 24), BBC Breakfast aired a mini-Sherlock special, complete with interviews with the show's stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman, Amanda Abbington and creators Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat, and they're all sticking to the same story that this series will bring together a number of different threads.
And, according to Cumberbatch, some of these threads are "remarkably long-term in their planning".
"We're getting pay-offs in this series that are to do with how this began," he adds.
"It's a much darker series," Amanda added. "It's very intense, and when we read the three episodes, all of us just went 'Ah! Oh my God!'"
"There are certain clues, or plot points or spoilers," Gatiss explained, "that we literally never write down in case they get out.
"They're never present in the script, so there's no danger of them being leaked."
All of these supports the information gleaned on the set of Sherlock earlier this year where Moffat guaranteed a proper resolution and climax at the end of this series, and Benedict reinforced that a full commitment to the show so far will yield big results.
"There are a huge number of pay-offs in this series," he said. "I think, in the past, you could get away with watching a few episodes in isolation, but this... they're vine branches in the jungle of Sherlock, you have to keep swinging from one to the next to really understand. And really... the pay-offs are massive if you do."
BBC/Hartswood Films/Todd Antony
But as for that John Watson and Sherlock 'bromance'? Well, that's not going anywhere, with Martin Freeman actually tutting away the claims in the BBC Breakfast clip above.
"It wouldn't be much of a show now if it was just a domestic bliss show, with John and Mary and their daughter," Martin said, before completely dismissing the idea that the bromance will be broken up.
"Not at all, not at all," he adds. "There's no way that this show could operate without that friendship going on."
So, whatever's in the store this series, at least John Watson and Sherlock are going strong.
Sherlock returns to BBC One on New Year's Day at 8.30pm.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment and tech news? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
The Reader staff demands that the publisher come to the table and negotiate a contract. | Dane Haiken
CHICAGO — Chicago's rat problem just became serious for the executives at Wrapports, the company that publishes the alt-weekly magazine, the Chicago Reader. Scabby the Rat, perennial symbol of worker's discontent, was on hand in downtown Chicago for a rally where the staff of the Chicago Reader, together with community, demanded that the publisher come to the table and negotiate a contract after leaving workers in limbo for over a year.
In addition to cross-union solidarity facilitated by the Chicago Federation of Labor and music by alt-country pioneer John Langford, the rally featured a heartening détente between natural enemies, journalists and elected officials, all in the name of fairness at work.
“I have been on the receiving end of Ben Joravsky's pen before,” said Alderman of the 42nd ward Brendan Riley about the widely respected Reader journalist, “and that's why I'm here, the Chicago Reader has played a key role in holding our government here in Chicago accountable.” Joravsky's exposés on Tax Increment Financings (TIFS) and their use/misuse in the city of Chicago have elevated TIF reform to a high profile issue for the city.
Among the other elected officials on hand who have received lashings from the Chicago Reader were former Illinois Governor Pat Quinn, Ald. Carlos Ramirez Rosa of the 35th ward, and Ald. Ameya Pawar, who thanked the Reader for its coverage of his small campaign in the 47th ward in 2011.
“Ben Joravsky gave me print when no one else in the city took my campaign seriously.
“Over the years, we've had our jousting sessions but the point is that he took a chance,” said Pawar.
Pawar added, “Without a free press, one that isn't muzzled, one that has the ability to cover what needs to be covered, take on people like me, call me out on my stuff when I need calling out, we're not a free society.”
Aimee Levitt, staff writer at the Chicago Reader and author of the piece that exposed the abuse that took place at Chicago's Profiles Theater and that led to its closure, addressed the crowd about everything it takes to put out such an impactful piece.
“The abuse taking place at Profiles was an open secret and we weren't the only paper that the victims talked to but we were the only paper that would publish the story,” said Levitt before naming and thanking members of the staff who worked tirelessly into the night but whose names don't make it to the cover.
“We all continue to work here because we believe in the journalism that the Chicago Reader does even though a lot of us have to freelance to make ends meet. We wish management believed in us and our work as much as we do.”
Levitt and her fellow co-workers have not had raises in a very long time, some for more than 10 years, resulting in an effective pay cut, as Ald. Rosa pointed out during his speech. What's more, the Chicago Reader appears to be a microcosm of the national gender gap in salary.
Grace Catania, President of the Chicago News Guild had a speech prepared but opted to speak from the heart, saying that the gender gap at the Chicago Reader “makes her blood boil.” She added, “We receive a [salary] chart from the Chicago Reader and women on the average are paid $4 less an hour than men… they are mothers, sisters, daughters – don't they deserve equal pay?”
Ben Joravsky, one of the Chicago Reader's elder statesmen, pointed out that he's been a writer with the Reader since the Reagan administration after being called upon to give the final speech by the crowd.
“I want to express my sincerest gratitude for everyone who showed up who is not a Reader person and that includes the politicians that it's going to be really hard for me to rip,” he joked, “Riley, Pawar, Carlos, Gov. Quinn… I think they appreciate the work we do, our independence, our fight, our fearlessness and I hope we get to continue that with our current owner, that they put some money into this paper so we can grow and continue what we're doing into the next Clinton administration.”
People's World will continue you bring you coverage of the fight for a fair contract at the Chicago Reader. If you'd like to support them, click here to find their campaign's Facebook page and here to sign their petition to Wrapports.
Dear GOP: Calling your own base a bunch of stupid hicks seems like a bad idea Ben's link dump this morning contained this feculent little bolus. A sample: Lewis' essential argument is that the current crisis is decades in the making, the unintended consequence of a series of understandable decisions made decades ago to help address the challenges the movement faced in the 1980s and 90s. The first was the decision to court Southern evangelicals. Lewis is himself a Southern (West Virginia) evangelical, so here he criticizes his own when he notes that evangelicals have long shied away from engagement with the less-devout world. This has meant they as a group tend to lack intellectual curiosity and rigor. Bringing a decidedly unintellectual group into the movement, Lewis contends, encouraged the movement itself to move away from its strength, its use of argument to explain America's challenges and propose real solutions that solve them. "Unintellectual"! May God save us all from the scourge of unintellectualism! It's almost like these rubes don't appreciate the unparalleled record of cultural and policy triumphs the GOP has accrued over the past two decades! "Unintellectual"! May God save us all from the scourge of unintellectualism! It's almost like these rubes don't appreciate the unparalleled record of cultural and policy triumphs the GOP has accrued over the past two decades! So...yeah. They really do think we're stupid. Their Delphic prophecies and magisterial command of political philosophy flies right over our thick ape-like craniums. Their brilliance is wasted on us, and they would like nothing better than to trade us in for a smarter (or at least more pliable, and certainly less white and male) base. Alas, they need our votes for the foreseeable future, so they must bottle up their contempt as best they can and lie to us through fake smiles. But the bitterness and contempt is seeping through the facade, as it always does. So...yeah. They really do think we're stupid. Their Delphic prophecies and magisterial command of political philosophy flies right over our thick ape-like craniums. Their brilliance is wasted on us, and they would like nothing better than to trade us in for a smarter (or at least more pliable, and certainly less white and male) base. Alas, they need our votes for the foreseeable future, so they must bottle up their contempt as best they can and lie to us through fake smiles. But the bitterness and contempt is seeping through the facade, as it always does. Calling your own base a bunch of stupid hicks is not good strategy (not to mention petty and rude) if you want them to vote for you or your preferred candidates. Mainly because the so-called "intellectuals" who have been driving GOP policy for the past two decades have done a spectacularly shitty job of it. If I'm forced to choose between the lumpenproles and the think-tank eggheads, I'll throw my lot in with the peasants. They're a lot smarter than the sneering elites give them credit for, and they don't sit around all day inhaling their own ass-waft. Calling your own base a bunch of stupid hicks is not good strategy (not to mention petty and rude) if you want them to vote for you or your preferred candidates. Mainly because the so-called "intellectuals" who have been driving GOP policy for the past two decades have done a spectacularly shitty job of it. If I'm forced to choose between the lumpenproles and the think-tank eggheads, I'll throw my lot in with the peasants. They're a lot smarter than the sneering elites give them credit for, and they don't sit around all day inhaling their own ass-waft. If the GOP brain-trust was arguing from a baseline of stellar success and policy wins, it'd be different. But the post-Reagan era has been an utter catastrophe in terms of actual conservative policy, and on all fronts: cultural, economic, foreign-policy, tax policy, you name it. The arrogance of these pissants is pretty rich, given their two-decade run of fecklessness and failure. If the GOP brain-trust was arguing from a baseline of stellar success and policy wins, it'd be different. But the post-Reagan era has been an utter catastrophe in terms of actual conservative policy, and on all fronts: cultural, economic, foreign-policy, tax policy, you name it. The arrogance of these pissants is pretty rich, given their two-decade run of fecklessness and failure. Let's put it this way (and I'm stealing this from co-blogger Andy): "An out-and-proud socialist is generating all the buzz on the Democrats' side, and a Democrat is leading the Republican polls. I'd say both bases have shifted decidedly leftwards." If the base is abandoning the intellectuals, it's because the intellectuals failed to make their case, not because the voters are too stupid to understand. Let's put it this way (and I'm stealing this from co-blogger Andy): "An out-and-proud socialist is generating all the buzz on the Democrats' side, and a Democrat is leading the Republican polls. I'd say both bases have shifted decidedly leftwards." If the base is abandoning the intellectuals, it's because the intellectuals failed to make their case, not because the voters are too stupid to understand. Those dimwitted Christians even have a go-to passage in the Bible for this sort of thing: "A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire. Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them." (Matthew 7:18-20)
Those dimwitted Christians even have a go-to passage in the Bible for this sort of thing: "A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire. Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them." (Matthew 7:18-20) Posted by: Monty at 01:37 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
News > ESPORT > Final teams, schedule, map pool
Final teams, schedule, map pool
DreamHack, SteelSeries and NEEDforSEAT are proud to present the DreamHack SteelSeries CS:GO Championship at DreamHack Summer 2014 14-17 June. It's time to release the final information about the tournament including the last invited teams, schedule and map pool.
First of all, we're happy to announce the last invited teams to DreamHack SteelSeries CS:GO Championship including SK-Gaming, ex-ALTERNATE and London Conspiracy – Invited (previously known as .no). In addition to this ENCE replace Team Dignitas that was previously invited.
We have also announced the full tournament schedule, further down in the news post and announced the map pool that will be five most common maps in CS:GO: de_dust2, de_mirage, de_train, de_inferno and de_nuke. For future tournaments, DreamHack might transition into pool of 7 maps but with this late notice DreamHack will keep same format as previous DreamHack tournaments and also the major tournaments funded by the community.
In addition to this, we're also proud to present SwedishHost.se as the official server supplier of the DreamHack SteelSeries CS:GO Championship sponsored by SteelSeries and NEEDforSEAT.
Team list:
1. Fnatic – DreamHack Champions
2. Ninjas in Pyjamas – Invited
3. ENCE – Invited *
4. Titan – Invited
5. TEAMGLOBAL – Invited
6. Virtus.Pro – Invited
7. Na'Vi – Invited
8. HellRaisers – Invited
9. TBA (ex-Mystik) – Invited
10. London Conspiracy – Invited (previously known as .no)
11. Berzerk – Invited (previously known as ALTERNATE)
12. SK Gaming – Invited
13. AliGon – Online Qualifier
14. Reason – Online Qualifier
15. BYOC-qualifier – Register here!
16. BYOC-qualifier – Register here!
* ENCE replaced Team Dignitas since they will not attend the event.
DreamHack SteelSeries CS:GO Championship
Tournament: DreamHack SteelSeries CS:GO Championship
Title sponsor: SteelSeries
Main sponsor: NEEDforSEAT
Location: DreamHack Summer 2014, Hall B, Elmia, Jönköping, Sweden
Dates: 14-16 June
No of teams: 16
Format: 5on5
Platform: PC
Monitor: EIZO FG2421 (240hz)
Peripherals: Bring your own mouse, keyboard & headset
Map pool: de_dust2, de_nuke, de_train, de_mirage, de_inferno
Prize pool: $30,000
1. $10,000
2. $5,000
3-4. $3,500
5-8. $2,000
Schedule:
Saturday 14 June
13:30 – Group A – Warm-up
15:00 – Group A – Match #1
15:00 – Group A – Match #2
16:30 – Group A – Match #3 – Winner vs. Winner
16:30 – Group A – Match #4 – Loser vs. Loser
17:30 – Group A – Match #5 – Final Match
18:30 – Group B – Warm-up
20:00 – Group B – Match #1
20:00 – Group B – Match #2
21:00 – Group B – Match #3 – Winner vs. Winner
21:00 – Group B – Match #4 – Loser vs. Loser
22:00 – Group B – Match #5 – Final Match
Sunday 15 June
13:30 – Group C – Warm-up
15:00 – Group C – Match #1
15:00 – Group C – Match #2
16:30 – Group C – Match #3 – Winner vs. Winner
16:30 – Group C – Match #4 – Loser vs. Loser
17:30 – Group C – Match #5 – Final Match
18:30 – Group C – Warm-up
20:00 – Group D – Match #1
20:00 – Group D – Match #2
21:00 – Group D – Match #3 – Winner vs. Winner
21:00 – Group D – Match #4 – Loser vs. Loser
22:00 – Group D – Match #5 – Final Match
Monday 16 June
08:30 – Playoffs- Warm-up
10:00 – Quarter Finals – Round of 8 – BO3
14:30 – Semi Final 1 – Round of 4 – BO3
18:00 – Semi Final 2 – Round of 4 – BO3
22:30 – Grand Final – BO3
Livestream
All highlighted matches will be broadcasted at www.twitch.tv/dreamhackcs in free HD (720p) live from DreamHack and the CS:GO Studio featuring some of world's best Counter-Strike experts and casters. Additional multi-language community streams will also be available.
Talent:
Anders Blume
Tomi ‘lurppis' Kovanen
Auguste ‘Semmler' Massonat
Duncan ‘Thorin' Shields
BYOC-Qualifier
At June 14 DreamHack will host an open BYOC-qualifier for all attending DreamHack participants. You need a BYOC-ticket to participate in the tournament. All teams need to register online and confirm their participation on-site at Game Crew Info Desk latest 15.00 CET 14th of June 2014. Your team is only eligible to participate in the tournament if all 5 team members have ticket and bring your own computers.
Tournament: DreamHack SteelSeries CS:GO Championship – BYOC Qualifier
Teams: max 64
Date: Saturday 14th of June
Location: DreamHack Summer 2014, Elmia, Jönköping, Sweden
Tournament format: Group stage (4 team x 16 groups). Top-2 advance. Single Elimination BO1 Bracket. Top-2 team advance to Main tournament.
Tickets / Competitor fee: All competitors need to have Computer seat BYOC ticket (from 929 SEK) to be able to participate in tournaments. Buy tickets at bokning.dreamhack.se.
Registration: 1. Register online, 2. Confirm on-site, 3. Play.
Registration link: Register here!
Schedule: 14th of June
15:30 – BYOC Registration closes
17:00 – BYOC Group stage – Round 1 – de_nuke
18:30 – BYOC Group stage – Round 2 – de_dust2
19:30 – BYOC Group stage – Round 3 – de_inferno
21:00 – BYOC Round of 16 – de_mirage
22:15 – BYOC Semifinals – Round of 4 – de_nuke
Previous news:
News item: Official casters, one more invited team and the official video trailer!
Announcement: DreamHack SteelSeries CS:GO Championship
Sponsor: SteelSeries
From day one, SteelSeries has been focused on making professional gaming gear that
provide meaningful benefits to gamers of all skill-level, with the most demanding being
those gamers whose livelihood depends on the performance of our products. We believe,
as most gamers do, in winning, not trying! What originally began as a small two-person operation in Copenhagen back in 2001 has become a global leader in professional gaming products. SteelSeries recognized the need for superior, high-quality professional gaming gear that would give players a competitive edge.
More information can be found at www.steelseries.com
Sponsor: Needforseat
NEEDforSEAT® sells ergonomic, sporty office and gaming seats from MAXNOMIC® to Germany, Europe, the United States and Canada. Our seats are styled like those found in race cars and are designed for long, comfortable use. Uniquely adjustable to exactly the way you like, NEEDforSEAT's MAXNOMIC® designs encourage healthy posture when sitting — no more tension and pain.
More information can be found at www.needforseat.com
Tournament partner: SwedishHost
SwedishHost.se is one of Sweden's leading providers of game servers and VoIP-solutions.
By focusing on the most popular games in e-sport and casual gaming they can offer a high quality service with professional support. No matter if you are making a living by playing in the highest leagues or just having fun with friends, SwedishHost can offer you a solution at a competitive price.
More information can be found at www.swedishhost.se
Former Atlanta Braves third baseman Chipper Jones is selling his Roswell mansion.
The 23,000-square-foot home on Heatherwood Court in the gated community of Glenayre in North Fulton County has been listed by Professional Realty Group Inc. Fulton County tax records show the home is owned by Jones, whose real name is Larry Wayne Jones Jr.
Jones is seeking $3.2 million for the property, 26 percent less than the $4.3 million paid for the home when it was built in 2005.
When reached Friday, Jones' agent, B.B. Abbott, said he nor Jones would have a comment.
Carter Smith, a Professional Realty Group agent representing the property, said the asking price reflects the general trend in metro Atlanta home prices. “The economy doesn't care who you are,” Smith said. He said the home was listed this week. Jones recently purchased another home in metro Atlanta.
According to Professional Realty Group's listing, the estate sits on 2.5-acres. It features seven bedrooms, 11 bathrooms, a formal dining room, theater room and many other features. The first-floor master suite features a sitting room and two fireplaces. The home has a chef's kitchen, butler's pantry and breakfast room. There is a separate nanny's suite with a laundry room and full kitchen.
There is also a six-vehicle garage with a private courtyard. The landscaped grounds feature a swimming pool with a waterfall and Jacuzzi, covered patio and outdoor fireplace. The home is also near Roswell High, Crabapple Middle and Mountain Park Elementary schools.
Jones finished up his final year with the Braves this past season, ending a 19-season career with 2,726 hits, 468 homers and a .303 career batting average.
He tweeted on Nov. 16 that his divorce from his second wife, Sharon, was final after 12 years of marriage. They have three children and Jones has a fourth child.
Jones was spotted recently with Playboy model Taylor Higgins, known professionally as Lexi Ray or Lexi Ray Taylor, according to Bustedcoverage.com and several other websites that reported on the sighting.
For years now, Israelis have been noisily debating military action against Iran. And their conclusion, according to polls, is that America should do it. That's somewhat ironic given that self-reliance—never again putting Jewish destiny in non-Jewish hands—is core to the Zionist ideal. But it's also quite rational: an American strike would likely set back Tehran's nuclear progress far more than an Israeli one would. And an American strike would not leave Israel as isolated in the world.
The problem is that back here in the United States, we haven't been noisily debating military action against Iran. Yes, we've watched the Israeli debate voyeuristically. Countless pundits have weighed in on whether the Iranian regime would really risk its own survival to end Israel's, on what Israel's military capacities really are, on how Iran might strike back. But there's been much less discussion of whether an attack on Iran is in America's interest. And that needs to change.
It needs to change because Israel keeps nudging the U.S. closer to war. During his trip to Washington this spring, Benjamin Netanyahu hinted that Israel was close to launching a strike and reportedly urged President Obama to more explicitly pledge military action to prevent Iran from attaining a nuclear bomb. Obama did just that, rejecting a policy of containing a nuclear Iran and telling The Atlantic's Jeffrey Goldberg that his threat to use military action to prevent Iran from going nuclear was not a “bluff.”
Now Israel reportedly is on the verge of attacking yet again and pushing for an even blunter pledge that America will attack, perhaps by next summer. “They are aiming for a specific thing,” former Obama defense official Colin Kahl recently told The Washington Post. “They may be trying to push the Obama administration into a much greater declaration of red lines, an even more declarative statement about the use of force.”
This is nuts. In our political system, presidents are not empowered to promise to launch wars in backroom negotiations with foreign leaders. According to the Constitution (you know, the document the Tea Party loves so much), the power to declare war rests with Congress. And while that principle hasn't exactly been respected in recent decades, the Gulf and Iraq wars were at least preceded by high-profile congressional hearings, intense media focus, and a congressional vote.
Today, by contrast, Obama reportedly is talking to Israel about an Iran war while talking to Americans primarily about Medicare and the economy. And the media and Congress are largely playing along. Polling shows that Americans generally back military action if that's what it takes to prevent Iran from getting a nuke. But according to a Pew survey this March, 59 percent of them say they've heard either “little” or “nothing” about the issue.
And who can blame them? Has either Congress or the media done detailed investigations into how exactly a nuclear Iran would threaten the United States? Or into how American military action might affect the safety of U.S. troops in Afghanistan and the Gulf? Or into what kind of anti-American terrorism an attack might spark? Or into what impact a strike would have on relations with key U.S. allies like Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt? Or into how military action would influence global oil prices and the world economy?
The Bush administration's sales job for the Iraq War may have been deeply misleading, but at least the White House made a public case. The Obama administration, by contrast, seems to be offering ever more concrete pledges of war while making barely any sustained public case at all.
“Can't they make that case later?” one might ask. After all, a U.S. attack almost certainly wouldn't come until next year. The problem is that in an effort to forestall an Israeli strike, Obama is making war pledges now. If the pledges constitute a binding commitment—the U.S. will strike rather than accept an Iranian nuke—then Obama is circumventing America's constitutional process. If his pledges don't constitute a binding commitment, then he's eroding America's international credibility.
Before Obama makes any more promises of military action, he should give a full-length speech explaining why, subject himself to a press conference, and send his top defense and foreign-policy officials to testify on Capitol Hill. Such moves may not be electorally shrewd: hearing Obama explain why it's worth going to war to keep Iran from getting a nuke could depress turnout among a Democratic base that I suspect strongly disagrees. But he should do it anyway. Americans deserve a real debate about war now, before they go to the polls. And I suspect that debate will help clarify for Israelis the degree to which a presidential promise of war can actually be relied upon.
The founding staff of Orange County State College in 1959. It was the 12th state college in California to be authorized by the legislature.
Anniversary: a Time to Reflect
Faculty and Staff Look Back On Cal State Fullerton's Early Years
September 24, 2007
By Valerie Orleans
Amidst the elephant racing, games and parties, a quieter gathering took place on campus Saturday, Sept. 15. At the “emeriti breakfast,” some of the early faculty and staff members of Cal State Fullerton gathered to reminisce and compare the university of today with the college of yesterday.
Over coffee and pastries, Larry de Graaf, emerti professor of history, gave a brief overview of the campus history and then opened the floor to others in attendance.
“What many people don't realize is that very few universities survive their first 50 years,” said de Graaf. “The start of a university is a critical time. Our founders had nine months to create a college and establish a library. And even though we're celebrating the 50th anniversary, we're still in our infancy.”
He paused to thank the founders for their vision and insight.
“Although we originally opened with a focus on preparing teachers, the founders were committed to providing a DEEP education in liberal arts,” de Graaf said. “They were looking for depth and breadth in this university.”
Larry de Graaf
In the '50s, Orange County was a growing community with many residents who already had bachelor's degrees but no teaching credentials. The goal of the fledging college was to turn them into teachers. But the founders also wanted to make sure that the university would expand and develop into the kind of university it is today.
Art Earick, emeriti and a founding professor of geography, spoke of arriving on the college campus after driving west from Stillwater, Okla.
“At first, all we saw were orange groves and then there was a place where a couple of trees had been chopped down and there were two little buildings,” he recalled. “My wife looked at me and said, ‘You're going to start teaching HERE this fall?'”
Earick's first office was shared with seven office mates. When he lectured to students, it was sometimes hard to be heard over the clanking of pipes in the building.
“When the buildings started going up, there was one place that inspectors wouldn't approve for students because of safety hazards,” he said. Then he laughed, “so they moved the administrative offices in there.
“But despite all that, it was the greatest place with the best people you'd ever want to meet,” he said.
The group also recalled how the Geography and History departments wanted to make their area look more cheerful. Giles Brown, one of the university's founding deans, decided to have a mural of a world map painted on the walls.
“Any truth to the rumor that there was an extra continent on that map?” asked one of the audience members. At that, de Graaf smiled. “Well, there were flaws — the continents themselves weren't to scale and the edges were just sort of curved, but I don't recall an extra continent.”
Elaine Weidner, a former administrative assistant, remembers the early days when she served as department secretary for multiple departments at the same time. During her 25 years on campus, she worked for Afro-Ethnic Studies, Chicano Studies and Philosophy, and was involved with the development of the Women's and Asian studies programs.
She also remembers working with faculty members on Martin Luther King, Jr. projects, a program to introduce children of migrant farmworkers to college, the first philosophy symposium, and watching the elephant races, not to mention the protest marches that came later in the '60s and '70s.
“The growth of this campus has just been tremendous,” she said. “It's just wonderful. When we first came out here, there was nothing. The community just grew around the college.”
Today, de Graaf is at work on a book about the history of Cal State Fullerton that he hopes to finish soon.
“These buildings,” he said with a sweep of his arm toward the campus, “are a monument to the educational process.”
WASHINGTON — Senators Joe Lieberman, Dick Durbin, Patty Murray, and Barbara Boxer introduced legislation Wednesday to grant Washington, D.C. statehood, creating the nation's 51st state — "New Columbia."
The state would not include all of the current district according to a press release, leaving federal buildings and the National Mall under Congress' control.
If the law passes Congress, D.C. residents would hold a vote for statehood, and if successful would be the first state admitted to the Union since Hawaii in August 21, 1959.
Lieberman, who is retiring from the Senate next month, called the effort to grant Washington, D.C. statehood "unfinished business" of his career. As Chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Lieberman has had oversight of legislation dealing with the capital city.
“It is long past time to give those American citizens who have chosen the District of Columbia as their home the voice they deserve in our democracy,” Lieberman said in a statement. “The United States is the only democracy in the world that denies voting representation to the people who live in its capital city. As I retire from the Senate after having had the great privilege of serving here for 24 years, securing full voting rights for the 600,000 disenfranchised people who live in the District is unfinished business, not just for me, but for the United States of America.”
Mark Kleiman, professor of Public Policy at NYU/ Marron explains how the Trump administration could have a negative impact on the growing industry of legal marijuana.
Follow BI Video:On Twitter
FULL TRANSCRIPT:
Josh Barro: With the new administration coming in, there's some question over what the justice department will do. The Federal government has, so far, taken a pretty hands-off approach to states that legalize even though marijuana is illegal under Federal law. Are you concerned about what the Federal government might do there? And what sort of mess would that create if the Federal government decided that it wanted to enforce laws against marijuana in states that have legalized?
Mark Kleiman: Well, it could create as much of a mess as the attorney general wanted to create. If the president held still for it. I mean, it's pretty clear the attorney general, thinks that, or at least he said he thought, that the Obama administration was doing the wrong thing by acquiescing in these state license violations of Federal law. I assume that the career staff there is giving advice — and he may actually already know this — that they didn't have much choice.
Barro: Why's that?
Kleiman: Because there are 4,000 DEA agents worldwide. There are 500,000 state and local cops. If a state doesn't want to enforce its cannabis laws, the Federal government really cannot step into those shoes. And, again this is hard Constitutional doctrine. The Federal government may not require a state to make something criminal or to help enforce safe Federal law.
So yeah, if ... the justice department wanted to shut all the legal markets down, they could do that within weeks at very low resource cost. They go into the state regulatory agencies, they get all the license applications, which I think are public record, but if not, they can subpoena them, they take that pack of applications to the nearest US Federal District Court and say, "Your Honor. here are people who have signed an application for permission to commit a Federal felony. Please enjoin them from doing so." That injunction issues without even hearing from a lawyer on the other side. And then you use the contempt power to enforce it.
So they could destroy the legal market overnight. But they'd just replace it with an illegal market. If Colorado and Washington reacted by repealing their cannabis laws, then instead of a taxed and regulated market, you'd have an untaxed and unregulated market.
And, yeah, you could, you could have the pleasure of sending some people to prison, but you couldn't do anything about it. So my guess is, that's the advice that the new attorney general will get from his staff, and that they will acquiesce as the Obama administration acquiesced in something they can't stop.
Marco Verratti believes Juve could trouble Real Madrid if both teams make it to the finals of the Champions League.
The Italian international has been linked with a move away from France this summer but his agent has insisted the player is happy at PSG and won't be returning to Italy.
The 24-year-old midfielder has other ideas and won't rule out playing in Italy or Spain in the future.
“I would like to, I can definitely see it” he told Tuttosport, “But it has to be a top team, whether that be in our country or in Spain.
“But at the moment, I am at PSG and I am happy with the role I have in my team.”
Verratti has made no secret of his love for Juventus and has a lot of praise for the Bianconeri this season.
“If there is one team who could trouble Real Madrid with their organisation, it is Juventus.
“There are players like Dybala and Higuain would, can decide the game in one moment.
“Allegri's 4-2-3-1? I like the way Juventus plays a lot and the team Max is picking, but I am a PSG player.
“I don't want to say anything else, I'm talking as a spectator.”
“Iraq, with all of its history, all of its civilizations—it doesn't need advertisements,” Semeism said, pointing to the scale models of the ziggurat of Samarra—one of the country's best-known landmarks—that populate his office's otherwise empty bookshelves. “All of the world knows the history of Iraq.”
When we spoke, Semeism was also pinning his hopes on Basra, the oil-rich southern city selected in 2009 to host 2013's Gulf Cup, a popular regional soccer tournament. On a subsequent trip to Basra, I saw yellow construction cranes perched over the skeleton of an architecturally striking 65,000-seat soccer stadium being built for the tournament. Local officials boasted of expecting so many visitors that they were planning to anchor cruise ships along Basra's main waterway to house the influx.
Semeism, a heavyset man with a quick smile, joined the political party of the firebrand Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in 2005 and has held his post, on and off, since 2006. During the worst days of Iraq's civil war, Semeism's predecessors focused on discouraging Western tourists from visiting their country, not persuading them to come. In an interview in late 2004, Ahmad al-Jobori, Iraq's tourism director at the time, flatly told me that Iraq was too dangerous for foreign visitors. “I understand all about wanting to have an adventure, but Iraq could be a one-way trip,” he said then. “This is just not a place for tourists.”
Semeism, unsurprisingly, dismisses safety concerns. “This is not 2004, or even 2010,” he told me.
He could point to some recent successes. The ministry is helping a welter of private companies build 70 new hotels in the Shia holy cities of Najaf and Karbala, which draw huge numbers of religious pilgrims. Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki's government had also spent $50 million to rehab three of Baghdad's biggest and most storied hotels—the Palestine, the Ishtar Sheraton (which has no connection to the Sheraton company), and the Baghdad Hotel—as part of a $195 million plan to beautify large swaths of the city in preparation for an Arab League summit that had been scheduled for last May. The ministry printed its first tourism pamphlet in 2011 and began sending the four-page booklet by the thousands to travel agencies in the region. Officials plan to buy increasing amounts of print ads in major Arabic-language newspapers and magazines later this year.
In some respects, these efforts appear to be paying off. The number of tourists visiting Iraq is growing rapidly. Semeism estimates that 1.5 million people visited the country last year, up from 1.25 million in 2009 and just 266,000 in 2006. This year, he hopes to break the 2 million mark.
Semeism's staffers, however, privately admit that those numbers don't tell the full story. The overwhelming majority of Iraq's visitors are Shia pilgrims from Iran, who come in droves to visit the ancient mosques of Najaf and Karbala. Westerners are still largely avoiding Iraq; ministry staff estimate that fewer than 200 tourists from the U.S., the U.K., and other Western countries will visit this year.
The Big Bang Theory Gets Renewed For Another Two Seasons
Close
TV series are complicated in the sense that although they sound good on paper, but when aired, they become bad. Some shows offered a good premise and performance from the cast of Firefly but failed to get the ratings and got canceled. However, if a network has a series that has both the ratings and stellar performance, they are bound to be renewed.
'The Big Bang Theory'
According to CNN, the comedy series "The Big Bang Theory" has been on the air since 2007. Since then, the show has been enjoying its massive success as its humor and storyline clicked with the millions of viewers that soon became avid fans. And as time passed by, it has made millions of fans more in the worldwide audience, which then increased the viewers and ratings of the show which made it the number one TV comedy show since 2010.
This season, "The Big Bang Theory" is averaging 19.40 million viewers and an impressive 5.1 ratings in adults aged 18-49. And with this stellar achievement, the show was able to secure a spinoff series next season which would feature a younger version of Jim Parson's character, Sheldon. And now, aside from the spinoff, it is reported that "The Big Bang Theory" is renewed for another two seasons.
'The Big Bang Theory' Gets Renewed For Another Two Seasons
In light of the massive success that "The Big Bang Theory" has brought to the network, The Hollywood Reporter notes that CBS and Warner Brothers has decided to renew the hit tv series for two more seasons. This would bring the series' count to 12 seasons in total. However, at this point, it is still unknown yet if season 12 would be the end of "The Big Bang Theory."
On the other hand, it is reported that the main casts Jim Parsons, Johnny Galecki, Kaley Cuoco, Simon Helberg and Kunnal Nayyar would each take a pay cut to $900,000 in order for fellow cast members Mayim Bialik and Melissa Rauch to get an increase in their salary. It was reported before that Bialik and Rauch were only earning $175,000 per episode and seeing that they are essential to the series, have re-negotiated for a better salary.
At the moment, though, sources have informed The Hollywood Reporter that both Bialik and Rauch are yet to receive their contracts, but once they sort out their deals with the network, both are expected to return.
Sign Up for the ITECHPOST Newsletter Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
© 2019 ITECHPOST, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
The White House intended to remain silent about its plans for immigration. Revealing a scheme to open the floodgates of amnesty would be disastrous on the eve of the critical midterm elections. But this is the gang that can't shoot straight.
The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services on Friday threw open the door to as many as 100,000 Haitians, who will now move into the United States without a visa.
Sen. Chuck Grassley, Iowa Republican, rightly and accurately denounced enabling Haitians awaiting a U.S. visa to enter the country and legally apply for work permits as “an irresponsible overreach of the executive branch's authority.”
That was just the beginning. The immigration agency earlier this month had solicited a printer able to handle a “surge” of 9 million green cards “to support possible future immigration-reform initiative requirements.”
In an ordinary year, about 1 million green cards are issued, and over the life of this contract the company is expected to produce up to 34 million cards, a figure representing an increase of the population of the United States by 10 percent.
The cards do not come with automatic voter registration, but that's obviously what the scheme portends. President Obama's promised “executive actions” to bring about this enormous wave of amnesty constitute a transparent and cynical ploy to expand the Democratic voter base, creating a permanent majority.
PHOTOS: See Obama's biggest White House fails
Republicans running for the House and Senate should demand that Mr. Obama lay his green cards on the table now, before — and not after — the Nov. 4 elections. No other campaign issue carries as much of an impact on the future of the nation.
In economic terms, importing millions of unskilled workers creates competition for the diminishing number of available jobs. Combine a flooded job market with the Democratic proposals for a doubling of the minimum wage to $15 an hour, and millions more American citizens will be without a job.
Those who do have jobs will pay to provide federal freebies, from Obamaphones to Obamacare, to the formerly illegal aliens now with a green card.
As the recent influx of minor children over the southern border demonstrates, word of amnesty on the way travels fast. Handing green cards to those who cheated the system and entered the country illegally creates an incentive to millions more to follow in their path, collecting as many benefits as possible along the way.
It's a disaster in the making — indeed already here — for public health and national security, straining the welfare state to its limit.
Most Americans want no part of this.
A Gallup survey finds that 74 percent of Americans want the level of immigration to stay where it is, or reduce it. Mr. Obama has no support for his amnesty scheme except from those who want to transform America into a nation that no one would recognize.
Voters can get to work on stopping the transformation on Nov. 4.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Apple Inc. CEO Steve Jobs, who is currently out on medical leave, will be deposed to testify in an antitrust suit related to its iPod music players and iTunes store.
In a Monday filing in the U.S. district court for the Northern District of California in San Jose, Magistrate Judge Howard R. Lloyd ordered Jobs could answer questions for two hours about RealNetworks Inc.'s Harmony technology. This technology was rolled out in 2004 and briefly allowed songs sold by RealNetworks' online music store to be played on iPods, despite Apple's use at the time of encryption technology to prevent this. Apple issued an iPod and iTunes software update shortly thereafter that disabled this interoperability.
RELATED: R&D spending: Here are the top 10 firms
The court found that "Jobs has unique, non-repetitive, firsthand knowledge" about the issue, the judge said.
The order stems from a 2005 class action suit led filed against Apple, led by Thomas Slattery, alleging Apple's use of FairPlay encryption technology gave it a monopoly on the digital player and audio download markets.
Before 2009, Apple used FairPlay on songs bought from its iTunes music store to stop users from making unauthorized copies of tracks. FairPlay limited the playing of these songs to iPods, which meant users with other types of digital music players could not play them, and made it so that other digital music purchases with their own copy-preventing encryption couldn't be played on an iPod. Users have always been able to copy their own songs from CDs into iTunes and move that music onto their iPods.
Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet said the company would not comment on ongoing litigation.
Jobs, 56, has been on medical leave since January, when he announced that he would take his third leave of absence in seven years to focus on his health. During those years, he has survived a rare but curable form of pancreatic cancer and undergone a liver transplant.
Jobs emerged from his leave on March 2 to unveil the company's latest tablet computer, the iPad 2.
ALSO SEE: Eight low-tech ways to revive broken gadgets
[Editor's note: The original version of this article misstated its author. The story came from The Associated Press.]
Steamy poetry of the Rythian variety. For all those kind souls who stay up with me in the Kimmunity.
——–
The room was alone save for the two of them, and Rythian savored the moment.
“I was afraid we wouldn't get this moment, my love͵” he whispered into the dark. “With everyone so busy, I thought…” Rythian trailed off, sighing. “It doesn't matter anymore, not now that we're together.”
A warm breath of air was his response and he hushed them gently, stroking down their side.
“Just enjoy the moment, my sweetheart. Let us pretend only we exist tonight, just us and no one else.”
A moment passed and Rythian couldn't help but let his hands wander, exploring what he had only seen in glimpses during the day. “Ah, I love your smooth curves, like velvet under my fingers. I long for them during the day, to hold tight, to stroke, where would my heart be without these moments to call our own during the night?”
Rythian felt their heat against his skin and gave a dreamy sigh. “Love, I feel your warmth against me and it sends shivers through my soul,” he nuzzled his cheek against them, drawing in the heat that chased away the chill of the lonely nights. “I could brave winters with only your touch.”
He draws back slightly. “I could wax eloquent about you all night, but words alone cannot tell you the depths of my affection, what I truly feel for you. Words cannot describe the ache I feel in my heart when we are apart. They will ever fall flat, and only this alone can show you…”
Rythian drew down his mask ever so slightly, revealing what he had never shown to anyone else, to press a loving kiss to his nightly visitor.
“Rythian what the hell are you doing.”
Rythian turned his head in shock to see Nano on the stairs, rubbing sleep from her eyes. He hurriedly pulled his mask up again, clutching jealously at the object of his affections.
“You couldn't understand Nano, it's the only time we have together!”
She rubbed at her temples in irritation. “It's two in the morning and we all gotta be up early tomorrow, leave the damn smeltery alone. I can hear your weird poetry all the way down in the beds.”
Nano rolled her eyes at him once before leaving, and Rythian grumbled, giving the warm black sides of the smeltery a loving pat.
“Don't worry, I'll be back soon. They just don't get it yet.”
Amid the celebrations of the successful Dunkirk evacuation of World War II, saving most of the British and much of the French Army, Prime Minister Winston Churchill cooled the festivities by saying "This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning."
Super Tuesday isn't even the end of the beginning. It is the beginning of the end of the beginning. The beginning will end when Marco Rubio and John Kasich drop out of the Republican field and the FBI reports the outcome of its investigation of the Democratic candidate.
Once the GOP field is reduced to two, the process will unfold. It may not be fully resolved until June 6 when California (proportional) and New Jersey (winner take all) vote. And we will have no real measure of Bernie Sanders' strength until the FBI sings.
Rubio denies that he is dropping out, but death comes slowly to the political candidate. First rigor mortis sets in around his wallet and the money dries up. Then the polling goes to hell and, finally, he loses his home state. Measure Rubio's life expectancy as two weeks. Same with Kasich.
And, with Ben Carson out of the race, his Evangelical votes will likely go to Ted Cruz.
Once it is Donald Trump vs. Cruz, we start the real battle. In this era of precision-guided munitions, if they can see you, they will kill you. The only way to win is to advance in stealth, usually in the shadow of your opponent. But Trump is very far from stealth. He is a big brassy band, noisily making his way to the front-runner's circle.
Now, every business deal, every laid-off worker, every stiffed contractor, every disgruntled or evicted tenant, every defrauded student, every disappointed business partner is going to be heard from week after week, month after month. Nobody will pay the slightest attention to Cruz. He can't win, after all. And, gradually, he will start winning primary after primary as the Trump brand is — rightly or wrongly — besmirched.
Can Trump evade the precision-guided missiles that will come his way? Can he dodge the bullets? Will they bounce off?
And can Trump begin to get 50 percent plus one of the vote?
We don't know. He is nothing if not sui generis. But the challenge is coming. Don't bet on the end yet.
On the Democratic side, Bernie Sanders proved on Super Tuesday that Hillary Clinton can't win any state that does not have a significant black population. Colorado, Oklahoma, Vermont and Minnesota have little in common but their color: pure lily white.
Sanders will carry the white states. On March 5, look for him to do well in Kansas and Maine (but not Louisiana or Kentucky). He'll lose Michigan, Florida, Ohio and North Carolina on March 15.
But then he will win Oregon, Washington, Montana, Utah and the prairie states. These victories will keep him alive and in play. His losing proportion of the vote in the big states will keep him close.
Then we will see the results of the FBI primary. Just as no game is over until, as Yogi said, "till it's over," so It's not over until the FBI says it is.
As long as Sanders is in the race, there is a receptacle for anti-Clinton votes. And with a coming recommendation of an indictment highly possible, that receptacle could fill up pretty quickly.
Chris Harrison and Scott Hudson (Carnegie Mellon University) came up with a way to use any flat surface as a gesture based input device (Scratch input). An absolute breakthrough which makes extraordinary interactions, like for example controlling your television or music player with your wooden kitchen table, possible.
Scratch input is specifically designed to use augmented existing, passive surfaces as an input device. Using a simple sensor which is sticked on the surface, the sound-waves are captured. Due the fact that every movement produces a different sound-pattern, gestures can be recognized.
Interesting about it is that in a lot of cases this will make an interface redundant. And if you do need one, you can design one that looks and feels much more natural and organic.
I could go on explaining how it works but this video does a much better job at that:
What has been explained in the video, and a bit more, can also be found in the paper they published which can be downloaded here.
Chris Harrison, is a Ph.D. student in the Human-Computer Interaction Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. Scott Hudson is a professor at the same institute where he directs the HCII PhD program.
New vaccine technology shows promise as a tool to combat the opioid crisis
-end-
Related Antibodies Reading:
Researchers with the U.S. Military HIV Research Program at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) report that an experimental heroin vaccine induced antibodies that prevented the drug from crossing the blood-brain barrier in mice and rats. The vaccine was co-developed at the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), part of the National Institutes of Health, which funded the preclinical research."By eliciting antibodies that bind with heroin in the blood, the vaccine aims to block the euphoria and addictive effects," said Dr. Gary Matyas, Chief of Adjuvants and Formulations for the U.S. Military Research Program (MHRP), WRAIR. "We hope to give people a window so they can overcome their addiction."The study, published in the, showed that the vaccine produced antibodies against other commonly misused opioids, including hydrocodone, oxycodone, hydromorphone, oxymorphone and codeine. The vaccine appeared to dampen the impact of heroin at a high-dose, which might indicate a potential to prevent overdose.In clinical settings, it is essential that the antibodies induced by a heroin or opioid vaccine do not cross-react with the therapies for opioid misuse, such as methadone, buprenorphine and naltrexone. Researchers found that the antibodies did not react with these compounds and, more importantly, the antibodies induced by the vaccine did not cross-react with naloxone, which is used as the overdose rescue treatment to reverse respiratory depression due to heroin and other opioid overdose.Although the use of opioids for pain management in people suffering from addiction is of concern, researchers found that methadone, tramadol, fentanyl, sufentanil, nalbuphine and buprenorphine did not bind to the antibodies, indicating that they could be used if acute pain treatment is required for emergency use in vaccinated patients. Researchers also found that there was no binding to the non-narcotic pain relievers like aspirin, ibuprofen and acetaminophen, so these would likely remain effective.The misuse of opioids, which include heroin and fentanyl, is a growing problem in the U.S. According to the CDC, 91 Americans die every day from an opioid overdose. Most pharmacological treatments for opioid misuse involve opioid management therapy (OMT), but treatment access is an issue. In addition, adherence varies greatly and relapse rates can be high. To end the opioid overdose crisis, many different types of treatments and medications will be needed to meet the needs of individuals addicted to these drugs."Although we are still in the early phase, this study suggests that vaccination can be used together with standard therapies to prevent the withdrawal and craving symptoms associated with opioid withdrawal," said Matyas.WRAIR researchers leveraged their expertise in vaccine development and novel adjuvants research to develop this experimental heroin vaccine with their partners at NIDA. The vaccine includes a potent adjuvant to stimulate the immune system called the Army Liposome Formulation (ALF), which was also developed by researchers at WRAIR. The vaccine was developed jointly with intramural scientists at the Drug Design and Synthesis Section (Dr. Kenner C. Rice, Chief), Molecular Targets and Medications Discovery Branch, NIDA.This work was supported by the NIH Intramural Research Programs of the National Institute on Drug Abuse and the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, and through a Cooperative Agreement Award (no. W81XWH-07-2-067) between the Henry M. Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military Medicine and the U.S. Army Medical Research and Material Command (MRMC). The work was partially supported by an Avant Garde award from NIDA (NIH grant no. 1DP1DA034787-01). The X-ray crystallographic work was supported by NIDA through an Interagency Agreement #Y1-DA1101 with the Naval Research Laboratory (NRL).The U.S. Military HIV Research Program (MHRP), centered at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR), aims to protect the U.S. Military from HIV and improve global health by conducting research to develop an HIV vaccine, reduce new infections and advance strategies to induce long-term HIV remission. Long term, researchers plan to combine the heroin vaccine with an HIV vaccine candidate. For more information, visit http://www.hivresearch.org The U.S. Military HIV Research Program (MHRP)
According to a new report out of the Wall Street Journal, Google and Motorola are finally working on their first big project, a “marquee” product known internally as the “X Phone.” The major goal of this phone, clearly, is to create something that can finally rival products from Samsung and Apple, but also try to help bring Motorola back from the dead. With an increasingly shrinking market share, Moto is in desperate need of a big hit.
Little is known about the phone, but this report suggests that it may have hit some supply chain obstacles already. Moto was potentially looking at flexible displays for this device, along with ceramic materials that would allow the phone to be more stress-resistant, offer different shapes, and new colors. They may have to re-think that strategy a bit.
Other potential focuses include making the camera top notch, taking advantage of Viewdle (a recent acquisition of Motorola's), and getting the phone out to the world in 2013.
We've talked about this in the past, but Google has put together a special team at Motorola whose only goal is to create something mind-blowingly good, new, and never seen before. We would assume that this team is working on the X Phone.
This report also mentioned that Motorola would create an “X Tablet” after the phone is done.
And yep, we're dying to hear your thoughts.
Via: WSJ
First we must repeat what was already made clear, though not clear enough for certain reporters: This operation is information-oriented, and will not consist of any hacks. An unconfirmed incident in which the Times' administrator password was changed to changeme123123 was done by a lone individual in borderline violation of Anonymous tradition, which prevents most Anons from attacking private media outlets via those means (Lulzsec was merely an amusing abberation).
Secondly, we again essay to make clear that this operation is being done in retaliation for the incompetence of several reporters and editors at The New York Times, and specifically those involved in this most recent series of events in August during which the Trapwire story was misreported and even undersold based apparently on the claims of state officials who are left unnamed and unchallenged. This is not merely bad journalism or a disagreement over what merits coverage; it is another instance in which The Times have used its position in such a way as to confuse the populace, the media, and the officials of the republic while providing them with undue assurance as to the secret dangers we face from a sector whose crimes require shadow and silence. The passing on of unpublished material to the CIA by reporter Mark Mazzetti, so far explained only in contradictory and inexplicable terms by two Times officials, is another failure that must not go unnoted, and which we hope to make known to the many as this operation concludes. Meanwhile, the Times has yet to apologize to the CIA employee in question for forcing her to read a Maureen Dowd column. But then such people tend to read at their own volition the work of Thomas Friedman, who in 2001 called on America to "keep rootin' for Putin" but is nonetheless read by Barack Obama, President of the Secret Waning Empire. May the Beltway consume itself in cannibalistic backstabbing and then be destroyed altogether by some divine meteor, guided by Providence and Fortuna.
Now we bring you the meat of our info operation against the Times - correspondence between Anonymous propagandists who keep reporters appraised of the crimes of our enemies and the relative correctness of our conduct, and a New York Times reporter whom We will not name in public, being a well-meaning fellow and merely one of many who serve the Grey Lady with less competence than she once deserved. These exchanges occurred in 2011 and 2012 and will be verified upon request to those journalists who know where to find us.
We will also note, in advance of the made-up assertions that we have come to expect from certain media quarters and will be correcting in a very public manner over the coming weeks, that this same reporter and the Times itself has written extensively about our movement and our work. Some of what has been written has even been without error and managed to focus on key aspects rather than nonsense (Julian Assange, whose bathroom habits were detailed by the NYT not long ago, must envy us a bit on this point). We are not unhappy simply because the Times does not agree with us about the world and what parts of it merit attention; no one has a monopoly on priorities of coverage, even if some things are clearly more important than others in the agreement of all. But we should not have had to struggle to prompt other outlets, more attentive than the Times, to acknowledge that Trapwire's links to Cubic are significant and that anonymous DHS officials ought not determine what a paper considers troubling. We have other battles to fight. We ask only that the NYT not add to our workload through its own failures. Too many worse failures, such as those the Times perpetrated a decade ago at the behest of the disgraced criminal Scooter Libby, have pushed this republic into wars it lacked the focus to win. Cry for those who are dead because of those of us in the West cannot handle the duties of citizenship, or blame for the catastrophes we bring upon the world in our mistakes.
Finally, if future events mirror those of the past and we are prompted to revive this campaign in the wake of any additional aid and comfort to our criminal opponents in the various governments, the unusual restraint we showed yesterday in not stealing the Times' e-mails for our own review is unlikely to be repeated. After Operation Mockingbird, outlets like the Times and the Post are subject to perpetual review for clandestine operational control by the CIA and other agencies and if deemed to be state-affiliated in covert rather than official fashion, will likely elevate to the status of preferred target by others over whom none of us have any control.
Don't wait. Retaliate.
We do not forget.
Anonymous
[Portions of the below text have been edited to remove identifying details of Anons and reporter]
[February 6th 2011, a few minutes after completion of Anonymous attack on HBGary servers]
[E-mail to reporter who had covered Anonymous matters such as legal defense efforts for those raided in Paypal case as well as recent successful attacks on Egyptian government online infrastructure]
[redacted]
You may have seen yesterday's Financial Times piece which claimed that the operational heads of Anonymous had been identified by a certain Aaron Barr of the internet secuity firm HBGary Federal. Barr claimed that Q is co-founder of Anonymous, which is demonstrably false (Q set up the #anonymous channel at anonops.ru, which is simply an IRC channel) and that he is seeking replacements for OWen. OWen merely runs and owns that particular server, which as I told you is one of several de facto operational centers. Everyone involved laughed their assess off yesterday and several of us wrote a silly press release which was thereafter posted at Daily Kos and AnonNews. Barr, for his part, is reportedly set to meet with the FBI tomorrow in order to provide them with info gleaned from our entirely non-secret IRC channels, and meanwhile his allegedly successful intel operation will no doubt help his firm acquire further business.
The only problem is that Anonymous has just taken over the website of HBGary Federal founder Greg Hoglund and deleted all bakcups. Suffice to say that HBGary has attempted to interfere with a movement that has made substantial contributions to the liberty and well-being of North Africans and others and will be further dealt with over the coming hours. Please see: http://rootkit.com/. And enjoy your weekend.
[another e-mail to same reporter a few minutes later]
This document: http://hizost.com/...
... was to be provided to the FBI by HBGary. Much of it appears to be hilariously inaccurate; I,for instance, am listed as potentially having several different screen names, whereas in fact I only have one. [several sentences redacted]
[response from reporter]
I told [redacted] that I don't think this is an NYT story right now, but that I want to try and do something longer on all of this in the next week or two.
[Within 48 hours, countless other outlets had reported on the story, with a few investigating the 70,000 e-mails seized from the firm and discovering that HBGary, Palantir, Berico, and Endgame Systems had conspired with Bank of America and U.S. Chamber to covertly attack activist groups, Wikileaks, and journalist Glenn Greenwald and set up certain targets on fraud charges, among other things. The e-mails went on to yield further stories on persona management, Endgame Systems' offensive capabilities against Western European targets, and the Romas/COIN surveillance/propaganda system, none of which the Times have seen fit to cover. The paper did eventually note something about the HBGary hack without adding any additional information not already published elsewhere].
[Late 2011: OpCartel. Not as egregious as some of what is yet to be released, but indicative of Times' cluelessness on certain matters, in this case those involving Mexico and legitimate security concerns involving the life of a kidnap victim]
[redacted]: Hey , hope you're well.
me: indeed
[redacted]: Just wondering if this Mexico thing today is bullshit. Have you heard anything?
me: it's not at all bullshit
5:19 PM [redacted]: I mean the rumour that a woman has been released by the Zetas.
me: I don't know about it being a woman, necessarily, but the release did apparently occur, but not in response to the op; the person was not known by the Zetas to be the Anon
5:20 PM This person can tell you more
[e-mail redacted]
I'm not sure what other details I can give out at this point
[redacted]: Who is that person?
The email address, I mean
5:21 PM me: a Mexican Anon whom I've been working with on this
[description redacted]
5:22 PM [redacted]: Can you tell me, off the record, any details about the person who was taken? I'm not going to publish even the hint of a detail, as I don't want to endanger a life. But it would help in researching.
me: and perhaps more than other informants come to me as a result of the media coverage
I cannot, you'll have to ask this Mexican Anon
5:23 PM [redacted]: What evidence have you seen that the kidnap really happened?
5:24 PM me: None, nor would I have expected to as we have no intention of providing a chance that the person could be identified
however, this other person might be able to tell you more.
[redacted]: But if the person couldn't be identified, how could the Zetas respond to the threat?
5:25 PM me: These Anons assumed that the Zetas knew who it was
But obviously they had no way of knowing the exact situation
5:27 PM [redacted]: So, just to clarify: an Anon was taken by the Zetas. The video was released, then the Anon was released, but because the Anon was never identified it is not clear if it is linked to the op.
me: That's basically it, yes. But you really should check with [redacted]
5:28 PM [redacted]: I definitely will, thanks for the email address.
me: no problem
[redacted]: I'm going to ask a stupid question.
If no one has any evidence a person was kidnapped, how do you know a person was kidnapped?
5:29 PM me: I'm relying on the account of someone I've known and worked with in the past and whom I believe to be telling the truth based on the nature of her responses as well as other details I can't go into due to the present situation
5:30 PM Obviously if I were functioning as a journalist, that wouldn't be sufficient. But in this case...
5:31 PM We already have journalists looking too fucking closely into whom the person is, including a review of Mexican records, and as such we're very reluctant to assist them in finding out more.
[redacted]: But a responsible journalist won't run the name.
So what difference does it make?
5:32 PM me: If you take a few minutes to think about the process by which such a name would come up and the nature of the situation in Mexico, and concede that mistakes occur in journalism, you can probably guess.
[redacted]: True.
5:33 PM me: Again, this would be of greater concern to me if the U.S. media bothered to pay attention to those larger issues on which I have already produced evidence.
As it is, we don't really need the trust of the media insomuch as that most of our operations are fait accompli when reported
5:34 PM So, we are confronted with the decision between risking someone's life and proving that a person exists to reporters with whom we already have an ambivalent relationship
[redacted]: I can see your argument.
5:35 PM But if you take me, for example, I don't think I've ever done anything that might make you think I'm not trustworthy with sensitive information.
me: At any rate, even I have few details on this, so even if I wanted to - and of course I'd be happy to have this confirmed rather than have my outlets deem me untrustworthy - there's nothing I could do.
5:36 PM No, you're the exact opposite.
The Times can be trusted to withhold even information that is of public concern.
5:37 PM [redacted]: Ha -- I can understand your frustration, but the NYT's news sense and yours will not always align.
me: That's true.
[redacted]: But sometimes it will, obviously.
5:38 PM me: But again, I have few details to provide anyway, so I don't want to waste your time on that particular issue.
5:39 PM [redacted]: Fair enough. Any details whatsoever -- however minor -- would be appreciated if you are so minded.
me: Nothing more I can say about the kidnapping victim. I suggest you talk to [redacted] about it.
[Note: Despite consistent explanations to the Times and other outlets that no one was in a position to confirm the kidnappings, they were reported as fact by the paper - a decision the reporter later expressed regret for on his Twitter account, thereby helping to spawn a narrative to the effect that the original claims were now somehow under dispute. They were later claimed to be a hoax by at least one outlet, Gawker. Months later, Anonymous Veracruz participants would reveal to the Mexican press why they were initially reluctant to provide identifying details about the kidnap victim, who had spoken via webcam with several prominent activists after being released - that he had been involved in selling marijuana and his kidnapping stemmed from a dispute with a “minor” Zeta operative]
Additional correspondence will be released tomorrow, demonstrating among other things an even more egregious failure on the part of the Times to report on revelations of Apple and Google's involvement with disgraced intelligence contractor Aaron Barr and other parties on the multi-capability apparatus know as Romas/COIN (reportedly replaced by an even lesser-understood capability Odyssey in 2011). In fairness to the Times, only Der Spiegel, Raw Story, The Guardian, and a few other outlets mostly outside of the U.S. bothered to even mention the report, which was offered as an exclusive to various outlets before being released to the public in mid-2011.
In a political street-fight for control of the Republican brand between big business on one side and Tea Party extremists on the other, who do you put your on money on?
ADVERTISEMENT
Where do Republicans put their money?
As a very high-ranking Republican told me last week: “We have a total split between people who give us $30 and the people who give us $30,000.”
The $30 donors are the Tea Party donors. The $30,000 donors are business groups.
The Tea Party donors are the red-face folks listening to right-wing radio while buying Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE's (R-Texas) promise that he could end ObamaCare with a government shutdown.
They are the people who clicked “donate” on websites last week to give to the Senate Conservatives Fund as the group trumpeted its decision to oppose Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.). The SCF endorsed Matt Bevin, McConnell's Tea Party opponent in the Kentucky primary.
According to a spokesman for the SCF, McConnell has “a long record of siding with Democrats and supporting liberal policies.” In fact, McConnell has one of the strongest conservative voting records in Congress. But for some, it is not conservative enough.
By whipping up the far-right Republican base, the SCF raised $2.6 million in the last three months, according to its latest financial statements. But as conservative columnist Kimberley Strassel recent wrote in the Wall Street Journal, the SCF “has not spent one dollar this year in support of a Senate candidate.”
Last week, the SCF, Club for Growth and the Madison Project also endorsed a far-right primary opponent running against Sen. Thad Cochran William (Thad) Thad CochranTop 5 races to watch in 2019 Bottom Line Races Dems narrowly lost show party needs to return to Howard Dean's 50 state strategy MORE in Mississippi. Again, their pitch for donations is to charge Cochran, despite his conservative voting record, as weak in attacking the Washington establishment.
Sarah Palin, the former Alaska governor and another fundraising dynamo, is using a similar pitch. She wrote on her Facebook page last week that she is looking forward to a primary challenge against Cochran in Mississippi; Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE in South Carolina; and Sen. Lamar Alexander Andrew (Lamar) Lamar AlexanderPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump MORE in Tennessee.
Similarly, Cruz raised $1.19 million in the last reporting period, even while he was undermining GOP congressional leaders and leading the party to its lowest level of support in polling history. His own approval rating is a low 14 percent but his war chest is overflowing.
It has long been obvious there is money to be made in catering to right-wing anger by demonizing liberals in general and President Obama in particular. But, as Cruz and Palin demonstrate, the new whipping boy for the Tea Party is the current set of Republican leaders.
It is now Republican against Republican. Specifically, Tea Party Republicans against non-Tea Party Republicans.
The only force available to counter Tea Party dollars is big bucks from big business.
Political Action Committees run by business groups gave $229 million to Republicans in the 2011-2012 election cycle (and just $135 million to Democrats), according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
The Chamber of Commerce gave 83 percent of its money to Republicans in 2010. But big business did not get any legislative wins for its agenda: a simpler tax code, reining in the long-term deficit, immigration reform, and a stable political environment to bolster consumer confidence and spending.
Creating consumer and investor nervousness by closing the government is definitely not the big business agenda.
“It is not in the best interest of the employers, employees or the American people to risk a government shutdown that will be economically disruptive,” the Chamber and a group of 251 business groups wrote in an open letter to Congress. Then Republicans pushed ahead, closing the government anyway.
The New York Times recently reported that one reason Tea Party activists now dominate the GOP is that big “companies may have spent too little,” on campaigns. The dollars from big business are less important, the paper said, than money from “big individual donors who are more ideologically extreme.”
In 2012, according to the Times, “the top 0.1 percent of donors contributed more than 44 percent of all campaign contributions.” Thirty years ago the very rich gave less than 10 percent of campaign money with big business paying the lion's share of the money to support campaigns.
Money from the extreme right-wing has come to dominate GOP politics, especially in the primaries, and eclipse the party's moderate, business-first identity. That is why big business is getting back in the game.
David French, a lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, told reporters that business groups will put money in the hands of possibly 25 non-Tea Party, pro-business Republicans in the 2014 midterms.
And last week Dirk Van Dongen, chief lobbyist of the National Association of Wholesaler-Distributors, fired an opening shot at the Tea Party, telling the Washington Post: “I don't know of anybody in the business community who take the side of the Taliban minority.”
Welcome to the money war for the future of the GOP.
Juan Williams is an author and political analyst for Fox News Channel.
These small scarps are less than 10 km in length and have only tens of meters of relief. They are comparable in size and morphology to small fault scarps imaged on the Moon by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, suggesting that these are relatively young. NASA/Messenger/UPI
This image shows the wall of a volcanic vent located between the Rachmaninoff basin and Copland crater. The steep wall of the vent reveals highly reflective layers and outcrops in which hollows are forming. The wall also has beautiful fluting in the form of gullies sculpted by landslides. NASA/Messenger/UPI
This view shows Mercury's north polar region, colored by the maximum biannual surface temperature, which ranges from greater than 400 Kelvin (260 degrees Fahrenheit) (red) to 50 Kelvin (-370 Fahrenheit) (purple). As expected for the solar system's innermost planet, areas of Mercury's surface that are sunlit reach extremely high temperatures. NASA/Messenger/UPI
This high-resolution view shows hollows on the southwestern peak ring of Mercury's Scarlatti basin. The hollows are the irregularly shaped, flat-floored depressions. Though there are many small impact craters on the surface surrounding the hollows, there are few if any within the hollows themselves. This suggests the hollows must be very young relative to the rest of Mercury's surface. NASA/Messenger/UPI
WASHINGTON, March 17 (UPI) -- Newly returned data and imagery from NASA's Messenger probe (technically, the MESSENGER probe) has allowed scientists their most detailed understanding yet of Mercury's geologic makeup. The high resolution data has also offered scientists their best views of ice deposits inside the planet's polar craters.
While Mercury is the closest planet to the sun, it hosts the thinnest of atmospheres; most of its gases are burned off by the sun's relentless rays. Unable to trap heat, the portions of Mercury's surface that don't see the sun (like the deep pits of polar craters) feature extremely low temperatures, enabling the existence of frozen water.
"We're seeing into these craters that don't see the sun, at higher resolution than was ever possible before," Nancy Chabot, the instrument scientist for Messenger's Mercury Dual Imaging System, told attendees on Monday at the Lunar and Planetary Science conference.
"Acquired with the broadband filter of MDIS, low-altitude images show that the deposits have sharp, well-defined boundaries and are not disrupted by small, young impact craters," Chabot explained in a press release. "These characteristics indicate that the deposits are geologically young. This inference points either to delivery of volatiles to Mercury in the geologically recent past or to an ongoing process that restores the deposits and maintains the sharp boundaries."
In addition to observing the ice deposits on Mercury's North Pole, Messenger's instruments have also enabled the most comprehensive maps of the planet to date. Using data sent back by the probe's X-ray spectrometer and gamma-ray spectrometer, scientists have constructed full-scale maps of Mercury's entire surface.
The maps reveal never before studied geologic features, as well as provide new details on the planet's chemical makeup. Specifically, these maps reveal never-before-seen terranes, or distinct crustal blocks, that preserve unique geochemical ratios -- combinations of silicon, magnesium, sulfur and calcium.
The sizes and locations of the various terranes have allowed scientists to better understand how the planet's volcanic and tectonic processes shaped the planet's surface -- pinpointing fault fragments and the locations of ancient volcanic plains.
The large variance among the geochemical makeup of Mercury's surface, as revealed by the newly mapped terranes, also suggests Mercury's insides are equally varied in elemental composition.
"The crust we see on Mercury was largely formed more than 3 billion years ago," said Larry Nittler, deputy principle investigator of the Mercury mission. "The remarkable chemical variability revealed by Messenger observations will provide critical constraints on future efforts to model and understand Mercury's bulk composition and the ancient geological processes that shaped the planet's mantle and crust."
The new insights into the planet's elemental makeup were detailed in two scientific papers published this week.
The Messenger probe has spent the last several weeks orbiting Mercury at an intimate distance. The probe is gathering the last of its scientific observations before it abandons its orbital path and crashes into Mercury's surface -- ending its four-year mission with a bang.
Despite the probe's forthcoming suicide, scheduled for April 30, the rich mass of data it has collected and beamed back to Earth will keep NASA scientists busy for years to come.
Xiaomi has already revealed that it would be launching the Redmi Note 5A in an online conference that would hold at 19.30 on August 21 in China, with company's president Lin Bin as the host. The device has over the past month been a frequent visitor on leaks and had even appeared on TENAA but not all the features are known. Today, yet another feature of the Redmi Note 5A has been teased by Xiaomi showing that the budget device will feature a soft flash along with its front-facing camera.
This will likely make the Redmi Note 5A Xiaomi's first smartphone to come with a front flash. The front flash is a feature which is finding its way gradually into smartphones as the selfie rave spreads. A front flash would enhance illumination and make capturing selfies at night or in dark areas better. Xiaomi's CEO Lei Jun even shared a picture of the Note 5A shot while the soft flash was on.Apparently, it would be located on the opposite side of the ear piece from where the selfie camera is.
Apart from a selfie flash, the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A is expected to feature a 5.5-inch HD display and will be powered by Snapdragon 425 chipset. don't sulk, the Note 5A is a budget smartphone with a build similar to the Redmi 4A but having a larger display and so, would come with a cheap price tag. The device also features 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of storage. There may be another variant with a Snapdragon 625 chipset as well as 3GB+ 32GB memory and 4GB + 64GB storage. It is expected to pack a 13-megapixel rear camera and a front-facing camera of 5-megapixels as well as a 3,000mAh battery and fingerprint scanner.
Read More: Leaked Details of Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Reveals It's Just A Redmi 4A With A Bigger Display
In addition, the Redmi Note 5A is expected to be priced at 999 Yuan (~$149) for the base model while the higher variant may come in at 1,199 Yuan (~$179). The device would also be available in multiple colors like black, gray, gold, silver, white, pink and red.
(source)
- Advertisement -
Time displaced mutant teenager Jean Grey finds herself being courted by the fiery cosmic Phoenix entity. In an effort to avoid following her adult future's footsteps, she seeks help from fellow X-Men with previous experience. In Jean Grey #2, our young hero assembles a crew of former Phoenix hosts.
***SPOILERS LIE AHEAD***
The Phoenix has contacted Jean, she consults Beast and the scientific community on the matter, only to find nobody believes her. Ms. Grey uses Cerebro to reach out to former hosts of the cosmic force. She finds Hope Summers in danger and intervenes.
- Advertisement -
Colossus, Magik, Rachel Summers, and Quentin Quire arrive for assistance and consultation. As the “Former Phoenix Force” tears through an underground Reaver hive, Quentin gives Jean a tour through the groups mental experiences with the Phoenix.
What a lovely group of fan-favorite X-Men to watch take down waves of cyborg enemies. All utilizing their unique abilities together while giving Jean a look inside their heads courtesy of Kid Omega's psychic bullets.
Two issues into the run, written by Dennis Hopeless, it's been a surprise hit. Coming into a solo Jean Grey series, readers didn't know what to expect. Hopeless has so far delivered a fast and fulfilling experience. Between this title and the fabulous X-Men: Blue, Jean might be the character benefitting most from ResurreXion.
Quentin Quire has been getting the star treatment he deserves recently. Between Generation-X, Mighty Thor, and Jean Grey, his heavy involvement is a good sign for X-Men comics.
Seeing Hope Summers appear was also a major highlight. She's one of the most crucial players in the mutant cause that is usually left on the shelf for some reason. Hopeless and artist Victor Ibanez show her becoming more like her father, Cable, in both appearance and attitude.
As always with X-Men comics, they function best within a team dynamic. This issue is no exception, these former Phoenix hosts have a collaborative chemistry that provides a stunning visual.
The Summers' provide a more optimistic approach to Jean's impending fate, while Quentin and Magik do their best to terrify the young teen. Her lack of understanding, thanks to Quire's aggressive approach, leads her to seek out Namor in the next issue.
Hopeless scripts an intriguing tale of the girl trying to avoid her seemingly unavoidable future fate. Ibanez fills every page to capacity with stunning action paired with carefully crafted layouts and designs. The combination of Jay David Ramos and Chris Sotomayor top it off by fulfilling Marvel's promise to make X-Men comics colorful and lively again.
There's a lot to celebrate about this series so early on. As long as Marvel manages to keep the creative team together, they should be able to continue dazzling readers as Jean attempts to forge her own path in life.
Jean Grey #2 is worth your time. This issue does more to satisfy longtime fans and newcomers alike than even X-Men: Gold. Hopefully Marvel recognizes this and keeps the team together, they have plenty more to contribute to their successful turn around of X-Men comics.
What's your favorite ResurreXion title so far? Let us know in the comments below!
Jealousy is normal. Just about everyone will experience jealousy at some point -- yes, even ethically nonmonogamous people. People who feel jealous are not inherently bad or unenlightened or controlling or bad partners. Our emotions don't define us. Our actions do. If you hurl baseless accusations, throw things, cause dramatic scenes in public, or lock your partner in the basement -- yes, you are a huge fucking jerk. But feeling jealous doesn't automatically make you that guy.
Just about everyone will experience jealousy at some point -- yes, even ethically nonmonogamous people. People who feel jealous are not inherently bad or unenlightened or controlling or bad partners. Our emotions don't define us. Our actions do. If you hurl baseless accusations, throw things, cause dramatic scenes in public, or lock your partner in the basement -- yes, you are a huge fucking jerk. But feeling jealous doesn't automatically make you that guy. Jealousy is not inevitable. A lot of folks describe themselves as "a jealous person," as though jealousy is a constant characteristic. It's not. It's a feeling that arises because of our experiences and thoughts, and it's possible to feel it less often and less intensely by changing our experiences and thoughts. On the other hand, some people will always experience intense, painful jealousy when they think of their beloved being with someone else. The sooner you know that, the better. It allows you to make better choices about which relationships will work for you and which ones won't.
A lot of folks describe themselves as "a jealous person," as though jealousy is a constant characteristic. It's not. It's a feeling that arises because of our experiences and thoughts, and it's possible to feel it less often and less intensely by changing our experiences and thoughts. On the other hand, some people will always experience intense, painful jealousy when they think of their beloved being with someone else. The sooner you know that, the better. It allows you to make better choices about which relationships will work for you and which ones won't. Jealousy is a composite emotion. I think that understanding our emotions is a great first step to changing them, and jealousy is a slippery one to pin down. That's because it's actually a label for many other emotions. Is it envy? Is it insecurity? Is it possessiveness? Is it fear? Fear of what? Sometimes, we label our emotion as "jealousy" and then stop. It's important to go further.
I think that understanding our emotions is a great first step to changing them, and jealousy is a slippery one to pin down. That's because it's actually a label for many other emotions. Is it envy? Is it insecurity? Is it possessiveness? Is it fear? Fear of what? Sometimes, we label our emotion as "jealousy" and then stop. It's important to go further. Jealousy may or may not have much to do with reality. Particularly when fear is involved. How likely is it, really, that my partner is going to leave me for this other person? If my partner is a flake, or a serial-monogamist-in-denial, pretty fucking likely! But if my partner has demonstrated commitment and steadfastness throughout life, and genuinely believes it is possible and desirable to love more than one person simultaneously, why would I get dumped? I encourage people to look for evidence related to their fears. If they can't find any in their current relationships, then evidence from the past may be coming into play, evidence about "men" or "women" or "human nature."
Particularly when fear is involved. How likely is it, really, that my partner is going to leave me for this other person? If my partner is a flake, or a serial-monogamist-in-denial, pretty fucking likely! But if my partner has demonstrated commitment and steadfastness throughout life, and genuinely believes it is possible and desirable to love more than one person simultaneously, why would I get dumped? I encourage people to look for evidence related to their fears. If they can't find any in their current relationships, then evidence from the past may be coming into play, evidence about "men" or "women" or "human nature." It's okay to feel jealous, even if you have multiple partners yourself. I see poly people fretting a lot over this, in both directions. "My husband loves sleeping with other women, but when I sleep with other men, he gets so jealous! He's not allowed to feel that way!" Actually, yeah, he's allowed to feel that way. "I have a boyfriend, and things have been great, but now my fuckbuddy is seeing someone else and I'm jealous! I'm such a hypocrite!" Actually, no, you're not. Again, there's a difference between feelings and actions. You'd be a hypocrite if you actually implemented a double-standard -- and even then, sometimes people are happy with unequal arrangements. Fundamentally, emotions do not respect "fairness."
I see poly people fretting a lot over this, in both directions. "My husband loves sleeping with other women, but when I sleep with other men, he gets so jealous! He's not allowed to feel that way!" Actually, yeah, he's allowed to feel that way. "I have a boyfriend, and things have been great, but now my fuckbuddy is seeing someone else and I'm jealous! I'm such a hypocrite!" Actually, no, you're not. Again, there's a difference between feelings and actions. You'd be a hypocrite if you actually implemented a double-standard -- and even then, sometimes people are happy with unequal arrangements. Fundamentally, emotions do not respect "fairness." Dismissing jealousy as "irrational," "ridiculous," or "unfounded" does not help. First of all, of course jealousy is irrational -- it's an emotion. All emotions are irrational. Love is irrational, but when your partner says "I love you," do you roll your eyes and say "Stop being irrational"? We discount people's emotions when those emotions are inconvenient for us. When we do it to someone else, we are potentially doing serious harm to them. When we do it to ourselves, we are absolutely doing serious harm to ourselves. The more energy we put into denying and repressing our emotions, the less energy we have to actually work through those emotions.
First of all, of course jealousy is irrational -- it's an emotion. All emotions are irrational. Love is irrational, but when your partner says "I love you," do you roll your eyes and say "Stop being irrational"? We discount people's emotions when those emotions are inconvenient for us. When we do it to someone else, we are potentially doing serious harm to them. When we do it to ourselves, we are doing serious harm to ourselves. The more energy we put into denying and repressing our emotions, the less energy we have to actually work through those emotions. Jealousy can be expressed compassionately or abusively. I think a good indicator for this is, how vulnerable do you feel when you express yourself? Are you opening up and talking quietly about how sad and hurt you are, or are you shouting at your partner that he's a lying whore who always betrays you? It is possible to seem compassionate but still subtly manipulate -- watch out for guilt trips like "If you really loved me, you'd ...."
I think a good indicator for this is, how vulnerable do you feel when you express yourself? Are you opening up and talking quietly about how sad and hurt you are, or are you shouting at your partner that he's a lying whore who always betrays you? It is possible to seem compassionate but still subtly manipulate -- watch out for guilt trips like "If you loved me, you'd ...." Jealousy is strongest when we aren't getting our needs met. The more secure and treasured we feel, the less likely it is we'll flip out when our partner gets involved with someone else. One of the biggest unmet needs that triggers jealousy is self-esteem. We need to feel fairly good about ourselves. We can accomplish lots of things with that need unmet or undermet, but we probably cannot tolerate our partner fucking someone who seems "better" than us. And most people will probably seem "better" to someone with low self-esteem.
The more secure and treasured we feel, the less likely it is we'll flip out when our partner gets involved with someone else. One of the biggest unmet needs that triggers jealousy is self-esteem. We need to feel fairly good about ourselves. We can accomplish lots of things with that need unmet or undermet, but we probably cannot tolerate our partner fucking someone who seems "better" than us. And most people will probably seem "better" to someone with low self-esteem. Jealousy is part and parcel of compulsory monogamy. Remember, feelings are related to thoughts. If you've lived in a culture where monogamy is expected and even demanded (i.e., nearly everywhere), you have been told many "truths" about love. You can only love one person at a time. If you desire more than one person at a time, you don't really love either of them. Everyone should try to get the prettiest, richest, funniest partner possible, so if someone prettier, richer, and funnier than your current partner comes along, you should move on. A real man can satisfy his woman, so if she wants another guy, you must not be a real man. Identifying these thoughts lets you openly evaluate them, and then dismantle them and the power they have over your emotions.
Opening Up , by Tristan Taormino, has a great chapter about jealousy.
, by Tristan Taormino, has a great chapter about jealousy. The Ethical Slut , by Dossie Easton and Catherine A. Liszt, talks more about sexual jealousy than romantic jealousy.
, by Dossie Easton and Catherine A. Liszt, talks more about sexual jealousy than romantic jealousy. I've seen Deborah Anapol's Love Without Limits recommended for people curious about jealousy, though I haven't read it myself.
recommended for people curious about jealousy, though I haven't read it myself. Nonviolent Communication by Marshall Rosenberg is a wonderful resource for people trying to navigate emotionally complex waters.
I find that I end up repeating myself a lot in online discussions about jealousy, so I'm going to collect my main points here for easy linking.I am absolutely interested in updating this as more stuff comes to my attention, so gimme what you got.
According to the latest figures of Turkish Statistical Institute (TurkStat) based on the country's address based population registry system, more than 650,000 foreign nationals reside in Turkey, excluding the 2.5 million Syrian and Iraqi refugees who poured into the country due to the ongoing civil wars.
Turkstat data stated that 310,147 of foreign nationals were males and 340,161 were females. Iraqis, with a community of 93,697 people, ranked first among foreign nationals residing in Turkey, followed by Germans with 69,873 and Syrians with 56,647 residents.
With a share of over 30 percent, Turkey's largest city Istanbul has 199,260 foreign residents followed by the capital Ankara with 55,064 and the country's tourism capital Antalya with 54,755 residents, with respective 8.5 and 8.4 percent shares.
The data collected by Turkstat also revealed the latest situation on domestic migration figures of Turkey. A total of 2.72 million people switched addresses within the country, with 50 provinces indicating a net outflow of residents while 31 provinces received inflow.
With the highest share of public employees within its population who are assigned to other provinces periodically, Ankara had the most restless population figures of the country with 153,001 residents leaving the province and 204,048 moving in. Ankara received the highest resident intake with a net inflow of 51,047, followed by Istanbul with 50,543 and Kocaeli with 51,047.
The southeastern province of Diyarbakır, which has been struck by PKK terrorism since July 2015 along with other provinces in the region, had a net population outflow of 19,901 people. Despite their relatively lower population, Şırnak, Mardin, Siirt and Hakkari provinces, which also suffer from heavy armed clashes between PKK terrorists and Turkish security forces, had net immigration numbers of 12,061, 10,337, 5,661 and 4,767 residents, respectively.
However, economic reasons were also effective as much as security in migration. The eastern provinces of Erzurum, Van and Muş, which were relatively peaceful during the latest clashes, stood at the top of the migration outflow list, while many other provinces in the Black Sea, Central Anatolia and Aegean regions also had migration outflow. An interesting fact was that the southern Adana, Mersin and Gaziantep provinces, which are more economically developed than the national average with solid industrial, agricultural, trade and tourism activities, also had migration outflows in 2015.
There are more residents living Istanbul with ties to eight provinces than residents actually living in these provinces, according to Turkstat figures. Istanbul, with a population of 14,657,434 people with roots all over the country, outranked Erzincan, Giresun, Kastamonu, Sinop, Sivas, Tunceli, Bayburt and Ardahan provinces in terms of residents registered from these provinces.
For instance, the population of northeastern Ardahan province was 99,265 in 2015 according to the latest figures. However, Istanbul residents registered in Ardahan were 245,653, nearly 2.5 time more than the province itself.
Prague will support Warsaw in its efforts to secure a permanent NATO military presence in Poland, a senior Czech official has said.
The Czech minister for European affairs, Tomas Prouza, told the PAP news agency that his country “will absolutely support Poland during the [July NATO] summit in Warsaw."
Prouza spoke to PAP during an international conference held in London recently to raise money to aid Syria.
Warsaw is to host a NATO summit 8-9 July. Beefing up the military alliance's presence in Central and Eastern Europe is a key goal for Poland, which considers Russia, its giant neighbour to the east, a major potential threat to its security.
Polish President Andrzej Duda will devote the first half of this year to efforts to build a consensus in NATO on increasing the alliance's presence in the region, a senior presidential aide said last month.
In a key policy speech in the Polish parliament at the end of last month, Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski said that cooperation with Visegrad Group countries would be a priority for Poland's Law and Justice (PiS) government, formed after the party won general elections in October.
The Visegrad Group comprises Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia
(pk)
Source: PAP
Japan and India signed a civilian nuclear accord on Friday, opening the door for Tokyo to supply New Delhi with fuel, equipment and technology for nuclear power production, as India looks to atomic energy to sustain its rapid economic growth. It was the first time Japan, the only country to have suffered a nuclear attack, has concluded such a pact with a country that is not signatory to the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty (NPT).
Watch: PM Modi meets CEOs of India-Japan Business Forum
Advertising
The accord stipulates nuclear fuel and equipment provided can only be used for peaceful purposes, and a separate document signed alongside the nuclear agreement has a clause allowing Japan to terminate the pact if India conducts a nuclear test. Friday's accord was signed after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's meeting with his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi.
India says the NPT is discriminatory and it has concerns about nuclear-armed China as well as its long-time nuclear-armed rival, Pakistan. India is in advanced negotiations with U.S.-based Westinghouse Electric, owned by Japan's Toshiba Corp, to build six nuclear reactors in southern India, part of New Delhi's plan to ramp up nuclear capacity more than ten times by 2032.
For Japanese nuclear plant makers such as Toshiba and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd, it is crucial to expand their business overseas as the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster chilled domestic demand for new nuclear plants. The nuclear agreement with Japan follows a similar one with the United States in 2008 which gave India access to nuclear technology after decades of isolation.
Advertising
That step was seen as the first big move to build India into a regional counterweight to China. Modi earlier on Friday praised the “growing convergence” of views between his nation and Japan, saying strong ties will enable them to play a stabilising role in Asia and the world.
The Stroh violin or Stroviol is a type of stringed musical instrument that is mechanically amplified by a metal resonator and horn attached to its body.[1] The name Stroviol refers to a violin, but other instruments have been modified with the amplification device, including the viola, cello, double bass, ukulele, mandolin, and guitar.[citation needed] John Matthias Augustus Stroh, an electrical engineer in London, invented the instrument in 1899.
Description [ edit ]
Busker playing a Stroh violin in Antwerp
The Stroh violin has two horns, one positioned at the end of the fingerboard to project the sound to an audience or recording horn, and a smaller monitoring horn that allowed the player to hear their own sound more clearly.[1]
The Stroh violin is much louder than a standard wooden violin, and its directional projection of sound made it particularly useful in the early days of phonographic recording. Wooden violins recorded poorly with the early acoustic-mechanical recording method, and the Stroh violin improved this by producing a fuller, louder sound.[citation needed]
Stroh violins were common in recording studios, but became rarer after record companies switched to the new electric microphone recording technology in the second half of the 1920s.[2]
Invention [ edit ]
On 4 May 1899, Stroh applied for a UK patent, GB9418 titled Improvements in Violins and other Stringed Instruments which was accepted on 24 March 1900. This described the use of a flat metal (other materials are also mentioned) diaphragm in the voice-box (reproducer) of a violin to mechanically amplify the sound. Then on 16 February 1901 he applied for a second UK patent, GB3393 titled Improvements in the Diaphragms of Phonographs, Musical Instruments, and anologous Sound-producing, Recording and Transmitting Contrivances. Which was accepted on 14 December 1901. This effectively extended the first concept to now use a conical resonator with corrugations at its edge, allowing a more 'rigid' diaphragm. His failure to register his inventions in the USA allowed John Dopyera and Geo Beauchamp to subsequently obtain US patents for the tricone and single cone designs used in National brand instruments.
Usage [ edit ]
The Stroh violin was an expensive instrument: in 1911 it was offered by the London dealers Barnes & Mullins for nine guineas (£9.45, then equal to $37.80) or twelve guineas (£12.60 / $50.40) at a time when a reasonable factory violin could be had for two guineas. It was listed as being especially suitable for use in small theaters and music-halls.[citation needed]
In the 1920s Buenos Aires, Julio de Caro, a renowned Tango orchestra director and violinist, used the Stroh violin in his live performances, and was called violín-corneta (cornet violin) by the locals.
A number of musicians, including Tom Waits, Carla Kihlstedt, Thomas Newman, Bat for Lashes, A Hawk and a Hacksaw[3] and Eric Gorfain continue to use the Stroh violin for its distinctive sound. Shakira featured a Stroh violin on her 2010/11 The Sun Comes Out World Tour, with multi-instrumentalist Una Palliser playing it on some songs. Palliser also played stroh violin on Tom Hickox album [4] and live with Bitter Ruin [5] Pinky Weitzman plays the Stroh violin for various New York experimental ensembles, including her own project (Not Waving but Drowning), as well as Flare, LD & the New Criticism, and as part of the onstage ensemble for Stephin Merritt's My Life as a Fairy Tale. A Stroh violin is regularly played by Andy Stein of Vince Giordano's Nighthawks, a New York-based band specializing in the music of the 1920s and 1930s. They Might Be Giants used a Stroh violin in their song, I Can Hear You, recorded on a wax cylinder at the Edison Laboratory. Lindsey Stirling features a Stroh violin in her video "Roundtable Rival".
Similar designs [ edit ]
Other makers created similar designs, such as Howson, which made brass-horned phono instruments including single-stringed phono fiddles and four-stringed phono ukuleles. The violinophone was made in Prague in the early 20th century. This instrument has a diaphragm mounted vertically in a violin body under the bridge. The sound is carried through a tube to the horn which protrudes from the violin to a long horn which wraps around the shoulder. —a violin that amplifies its sound through a metal resonator and metal horns rather than a wooden sound box as on a standard violin.
Willy Tiebel in Markneukirken Germany made Stroh violin copies in the 1920s.
The Stroh violin is closely related to other horned violins using a mica sheet-resonating diaphragm, known as phonofiddles.
In the present day, many types of horn-violin exist, especially in the Balkans.
Romanian horn-violin [ edit ]
The Romanian horn-violin is similar to the Stroh violin. It was built through the 20th century. It has the same length as the Stroh violin, but its horn is narrower and yields a more directional sound. The structure of the instrument is based on the tungsten element of a gramophone. Amateurs or small workshops could easily build it and, perhaps for that reason, many variants exist in Eastern Europe.
The vibrations of the strings and bridge are transmitted by a thin rod to the membrane of the gramophone-element. The membrane transforms these vibrations into sound waves, which are amplified by the horn or beaker. The horn-violin is harder to play than a normal violin because the reaction of the bow on the strings is less flexible, and the instrument's weight is less evenly distributed. This causes an imbalance on the shoulder.
The instrument is still used in Romanian folk-music for playing horas and doinas, and mixes well with the characteristic sound of the pan-flute. It is generally used sparsely due to its tone. Instruments like the Stroh violin and other types of horn-violin remain a curiosity; they are quite rare in the orchestra.
The horn-violin is especially used in folk music of the Bihor region of Romania. Famous practitioners of this music style include fiddler Gheorghe Rada, singers Florica Bradu, Florica Ungur, Florica Duma, Leontin Ciucur, Cornel Borza, Vasile Iova, Maria Haiduc, Viorica Flintașu, and renowned folk ensembles Crișana or Rapsozii Zarandului.
Romanian horn-violin and its bow
The diaphragm of an old-fashioned gramophone serves as the receiver of the vibrations that are transformed into sound waves in the horn
See also [ edit ]
A Very Special Episode A single television episode can exemplify the spirit of its time. A Very Special Episode presents The A.V. Club's survey of TV at its most distinctive.
“If we're going to have toys to teach our children about war, why not have them really true to life? Why not have a G.I. Joe who bleeds when his body is punctured by shrapnel, or screams when anyone of his 21 movable parts are blown off, or vomits at the smell of burning flesh after a napalm attack?” -a concerned mother, quoted in The New York Times Magazine, 1970.
Advertisement
On November 29, 1985, TV stations around the United States aired the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero episode “The Invaders,” the 50th installment of a season that had just begun a few months earlier, in September. If G.I. Joe's creative team was concerned about burning through ideas too quickly, “The Invaders” certainly didn't show it. In the opening minutes, America's daring, highly trained “special missions force” tracks two members of the terrorist organization Cobra through the desert, where the unit runs into Joe's Soviet counterpart, The Oktober Guard. As three squads of mutual enemies converge between the dunes, suddenly a spaceship descends, destroying a Cobra base before flying off, promising further devastation for the Earth.
So, 50 episodes in, G.I. Joe was throwing space aliens, elite Russian soldiers, and technologically advanced super-terrorists into the mix, in a single episode. Was the show just aping the “constant crisis” storytelling mode of 1980s comic books? Or was the G.I. Joe franchise's TV division loading up on extreme threats to justify making a children's show that was, in essence, pro-war?
Advertisement
The answer to those questions goes back to February 9th, 1964: the day that The Beatles appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show, and the day that the Hasbro booth at The American Toy Fair in Manhattan introduced a product that had been in development for a year. Larry Reiner, a game and toy inventor then working at Ideal, saw an untapped market in the millions of American boys who had no interest in Barbie and Ken. When his bosses passed on the idea of an articulated soldier doll, Reiner took the concept to independent agent Stan Weston, who sold it to Hasbro's creative director Don Levine. The “doll for boys” pitch didn't initially impress the industry, but at the Fair in '64, a 10-minute demo reel and a display filled with clothes and accessories made the commercial potential obvious. This wasn't just about selling a posable 12-inch-high dogface. It was about the hundreds of pieces of weaponry, uniforms, and gear—all sold separately—that this American hero would need.
The G.I. Joe Action Soldiers (along with the Action Sailors, Marines, and Pilots) made it to market by Christmas, and became an immediate sensation. Over the next several years, the line continued to grow. Hasbro added a black soldier, a talking soldier, an astronaut, and a Green Beret. But as Vietnam War protesters changed the conversation about the military, G.I. Joe changed too. In 1964, the toy came with dog-tags and field manuals. By the end of the decade and into the 1970s, the G.I. Joe dolls became part of an “adventure team,” downplaying the original connection to the U.S. armed services. The adventurers grew beards, and learned kung fu—like New Age hippies. Eventually, the line dropped the “G.I.” altogether and, inspired by The Six Million Dollar Man and the 1970s science-fiction boom, became “Super Joe,” featuring superheroes fighting alien monsters from outer space.
Advertisement
Even this more fantastical Joe couldn't compete with Star Wars though, so in 1981—after a couple of years where no new G.I. Joe toys were produced—new consumer trends inspired an entirely new line of three-and-three-quarter inch action figures. (The rise in oil prices also prompted the shrinkage, since plastic was at a premium.) Though this revamped “G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero” series had plenty of vehicles and play sets, one of Hasbro's biggest concessions to the way Star Wars had changed the industry manifested in an exponential proliferation of characters.
The company drew up rough sketches for dozens of new soldiers, inspired by actual military specialists; then it consulted with Marvel Comics to fill in those sketches. Writer-artist Larry Hama—who on his own had been brainstorming a new comic based on Nick Fury's covert operation S.H.I.E.L.D.—took what Hasbro had roughed out and added his own ideas, inspired by his military service and a decade in comics. He gave each character a name, and a backstory that moved them more in line with superheroes than combat veterans. Hama also pushed for more women and more villains in the line, intending the make the G.I. Joe universe both more complex and more broadly accessible.
The result was that for the first time, the G.I. Joe toys had a story—even if at first it was only parceled out on the “file cards” included with the action figures' packaging. Soon, the new line was supported by a Marvel comic, written by Hama; and then by a syndicated cartoon, which began as a five-part one-week special-event miniseries in 1983 and then became a regular series in 1985.
Advertisement
The miniseries (and its two sequels) were written by Ron Friedman, a veteran TV scribe and comics nostalgist who picked up from what Hama started and wrote a show with clear good guys and bad guys, with individually distinct qualities. When G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero became a daily syndicated series, Friedman gave way to a succession of freelancers, many of whom were drawn from the ranks of well-respected comic book writers. Steve Gerber, Mary Skrenes, Marv Wolfman, Gerry Conway, Martin Pasko, Roy Thomas… These men and women were responsible for some of the most influential and respected superhero comics of the '70s.
But many of them were also left-leaning progressives, which made them an odd fit for a show that that was so hawkish. According to Friedman, the overt point of his G.I. Joe was to promote democracy. It may only have been coincidental that the G.I. Joe toy line was revived during the middle of President Reagan's first term, but regardless, its success was due in part to emerging into a culture ripe for entertainment that celebrated the military.
Advertisement
For those writers who just contributed to an episode or two, the goal was to get as weird as possible with their scripts, before pulling back to something more simplistic by the third act. They too followed the lead of Hama, who always said of his G.I. Joe comics that he didn't know what was going to happen on page 22 until he'd written page 21. The cartoon frequently opened with something grabby—something bizarre and inexplicable—and then circled back later with an explanation that fit the reality of the show.
Hence “The Invaders,” where the aliens in the first act are revealed by the end to have been part of an elaborate Cobra ruse. The terrorists' plan? To tell the world's two biggest superpowers that flying saucers were planning to blow up Vladivostok and San Francisco, and then to send Cobra operatives to take out the Kremlin and the White House instead. G.I. Joe and The Oktober Guard reluctantly join forces to confront the interplanetary threat; but Joe's silent ninja Snake Eyes (the most badass character in the entire franchise) realizes the aliens are phony after seeing their “leader” drinking an ordinary carton of milk.
So the plotting in “The Invaders” isn't incredibly clever. Neither is the grunting dialogue, nor the stiff animation. G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero was always primarily a triumph of design, with each episode packing in dozens of cool-looking characters—each with their own personalities.
Advertisement
Yet while the writing was rudimentary, it was still more ambitious than any of the other half-hour toy commercials proliferating on TV in the '80s—perhaps because it was directly influenced by what had been happening in comics over the previous two decades. The good guys and bad guys alike sometimes squabbled with each other, and were often shown in moments of downtime, just casually chatting. They were at least two-dimensional, if not quite three.
“The Invaders” was written by Dennis O'Neil, who only ever penned this one G.I. Joe episode. O'Neil established his place in comics history in the early '70s via his collaborations with artist Neal Adams on a string of Green Lantern/Green Arrow stories that confronted poverty, injustice, drug abuse, and prejudice. It's probably best not to think about how someone with O'Neil's liberal bonafides ended up writing a cartoon where a heroic American soldier refers to an Arab—even one who turns out later to have been a disguised Cobra agent—as “a camel jockey.”
But then there was always a lot of “strange bedfellow”-ing going on in G.I. Joe. By using the ambiguously evil, culturally diverse Cobra as the show's main enemy, the writers made sure not to single out any nationality as inherently villainous. The Joes and the Oktober Guard disliked and distrusted each other, but they nearly always worked together when they had to. The stories were anti-“terrorist,” but the terrorists weren't anything like the ones who were on the news every night in the mid-'80s. If not for the title of the show and the theme song, a kid could easily see G.I. Joe as the adventures of any old superhero team—like Super Friends, but with guns.
Advertisement
The subtext of the cartoon, comic, and toys, though, was hard to miss, even if the creators tried like heck to mitigate it. There's a reason why G.I. Joe action figures and play sets were best-sellers in 1985, and it had a lot to do with the patriotic fervor sweeping through the United States by the middle of the Reagan administration. In the early years of the Joe line, the toys were made to be as realistic as possible, to help little boys play war. And no matter how much Hasbro and its franchise partners tried to be sensitive to the concerns of anxious parents by guiding their customers' imaginations—by suggesting “adventures” instead of “combat”—the option to play “America vs. the commies” was always implied.
In “The Invaders,” the G.I. Joe team takes pains to shoot at their enemies' tires, not the enemy themselves. In the privacy of their own bedrooms and backyards though, kids were free to be as savage as they wanted to be, to strip away the layers of disguise between what they were supposed to be playing and what was actually happening. Just as the aliens in “The Invaders” were really Cobra, so Cobra could really be the Russians. All the masquerades were easily foiled.
Next time… on A Very Special Episode: Quincy M.E., “Next Stop, Nowhere”
what happened in 2015 when i got caught cheating
Hello Boys,
First of all I would truly apologize for any fans,supporters, opponents and especially my old teammates who didnt know about it.
lets talk about how everything started in september 2015. At that time I had private issues and other issues in my life which were not solved (im not saying what exactly happened). Therefore I was about to quit CS and thought about cheating. So I started to ask some cheat coders for a free cheat. On the same day I got an answer from a cheat coder with an offer to test his cheat for free. After testing the cheat on my smurf (I never cheated on my main account) I decided to cheat in the official match against publiclir.
https://www.hltv.org/matches/2298167/publiclirse-vs-csgoevo-white-dngit-2000-weekly-cup-18
We won the game and immediately one day after the game there was an "boost movie" uploaded on youtube. After that boost movie my team asked me if i used cheats against publiclir and i said no. Im really sorry for that and would like to apologize to all of them for my inapropriate behaviour and I would also send my apologys to fabE who I lied to back in the days. I used cheats (Wallhack) in those 3 games.
https://www.hltv.org/matches/2298167/publiclirse-vs-csgoevo-white-dngit-2000-weekly-cup-18
https://www.hltv.org/matches/2299081/ux-vs-onlinebots-quickshot-arena-13
https://www.hltv.org/matches/2298985/volgare-vs-ux-quickshot-showmatches
like i said in the beginning i never used cheats on my main acc because I was scared of getting a vac ban thats why i was playing with my Smurfaccount. Furthermore I didnt want to complain about my FACEIT ban because I deserved the ban 100% but i have no idea how they found something because i never used it on my main account. After having served my sentence of a 2 years ban on FACEIT. Regardless, I am sorry if I let anyone down, especially my teammates who deserve much better than being hated for my wrongdoing. If there is anyone you need to hate it's definately me and not them, because they are amazing players. I also wanna apologise to UX GAMING and their sponsors, they are an amazing group of people. I heard a lot of rumours about matchfixing in our old Team. We never talked about matchfixing in our team and therefore these rumours are false and wrong information. I never betted on myself or against myself.
All in all I'm really sorry for everything what happened in the past (cheating & scamming). But I can not change the past and therefore I want to show you in the future with my actions that I really mean the things above and that i've really changed. Sorry for my englando cuz its not my main language :/ i will try to compete again and try my best. i will try to stream as much as i can in the future and you can ask me everything. If you want you can follow me here : https://go.twitch.tv/officialxenn
So thanks to taking the time for reading this statement of mine.
Reply · Report Post
The giant, random crystals of Silithus (All images by Eric Grundhauser)
As more and more of our time and lives move into the digital world, the online landscape is becoming so vast, we have begun leaving some things behind.
Namely, much like the physical world, whole swaths of towns, islands, forests, palaces, and simple shacks have been constructed digitally and then abandoned. These are the forgotten wonders of the digital world—in this case, the World of Warcraft.
For the uninitiated, World of Warcraft (WoW) is a massively multiplayer online role playing game (MMORPG). Players download the game and pay a monthly fee to login, taking part in a shared world called Azeroth. The essential size of the world is fixed but at any given time, WoW has around 10 million active subscribers and to manage the unbelievable number of players, there are hundreds of realms that split up WoW subscribers. What this means, structurally, is that not of all of Warcraft's millions of players exist in the same space at the same time.
And the world is vast. At the game's launch in 2004, Azeroth consisted of just two continents, split into 41 zones that can best be thought of as countries. Each one defined by their own look and flavor. The Barrens are a bit of the African veldt, while the Burning Steppes are a blasted, molten wasteland. In real world terms, Azeroth has been compared both in size and thematic construction to Disney World. (For geography nerds, the real world-game world comparison ratio has been explored a few different ways including delving into the code to find the in-game distance measurements, as well as using the average stride length of a player's sprite to extrapolate some numbers—people tend to agree that the original continents are around 8 miles long).
The world of Azeroth
As the game has grown, new continents have been introduced in add-on content expansions that players can purchase—and whenever players rush into the newer areas, the original spots get ignored. Among them, the Asian-inspired Pandaria, the icy northern lands of Northrend, and Outland, which literally exists on the remnants of another world. Today, there are 91 zones split across six land-masses, saying nothing of the dozens of dungeon spaces that exist as separate little places for specific adventures. With new continents providing players quicker ways to advance and novel locations to explore, many older zones have simply become bygone curiosities.
So what are the abandoned parts of WoW? Unfortunately, the game designers declined to comment, so it was left to me to do some on-the-digital-ground reporting.
What an attractive young man.
I reactivated Baerf, my level 86 troll rogue. Turns out he was right where I had left him countless months before, in Pandaria, the fifth continent to be introduced. I had purchased the Mists of Pandaria expansion, which gave me access to a new continent, but I quickly canceled my account because I knew it would be too much of a delightful time drain. Adulthood is a bummer.
I hearthstone'd (an item given to every player at start, that can be used to return you to a populated place) back to Orgrimmar, the central Horde city, located on one of the original continents. When I had last played, this orc metropolis was bustling with so many other live players that it made my computer wheeze. Now it was almost empty.
Entering a command that listed all of the players in the zone, I found that there were just 19 people in the hub city. The computer controlled, non-player characters (NPCs) were there of course, but flesh-and-blood players were scarce. Nonetheless, I sent out a public chat to everyone in the city, asking after the least inhabited places.
In the nearly empty city, I got little response. A couple of players responded with their favorite corners of the world, inspired more by nostalgia than any confirmed numbers. But my question may not even have been understood. WoW is a game designed to be shared with other players. It is its raison d'être. Looking for places that no one goes is kind of antithetical to most players' view of the game. Nonetheless, some of the most beautiful moments in the game occur in its loneliest locales.
The Scarab Wall in Silithus
Venturing out into the world in search of solitude, my first stop was Silithus, in the south of the continent of Kalimdor. This zone was part of the original release and was designed for players between the levels of 55-60. As the world grew, better options to grow characters emerged and Silithus, despite being an evocative wasteland, seems to have lost its appeal. The overriding theme is bugs. The area is full of titanic crystalline plinths floating against an orange sky, and ant mounds buzzing with rings of pests. Organic claws reach out of the ground everywhere you look, and if you run for more than a few seconds in any direction, you will end up in a pit filled with chittering Silithid enemies.
The Swarming Pillar in Silithus
Nearby is another zone from the original game, the Un'Goro Crater, which was inspired by the very real Ngorongoro Crater in Tanzania. A strangely disconnected area even in the beginning, this massive depression is a mist-shrouded primordial jungle full of gorillas, dinosaurs, and mysterious ancient ruins that look like they could have been created by Roman artisans. The jungle forms a ring on the crater floor with a roiling volcano at its center. The ground is littered with bones left behind by the prehistoric beasts roaming the grounds, juxtaposed by the colorful natural crystals that grow nowhere else on Azeroth. Meant for players around the 50-55 level range, the Un'Goro Crater suffered much the same fate as its insect-infested neighbor.
Fire Plume Ridge in the center of the Un'Goro Crater
The Shaper's Terrace
As I flew through the zones there were just over 20 players in either of them.
The gates of Bogpaddle in the Swamp of Sorrows
Across the sea on the continent known as the Eastern Kingdoms, there are zones such as the Swamp of Sorrows. One of a handful of areas in the game designed as a dank swamp environment, the Swamp suffers for being a small sliver of an area sandwiched between two zones with more bombastic scenery. However its sunken temples and oppressive hanging moss create a haunting space to explore. When I visited, there were only 14 others trudging through the swamps.
The sunken Temple of Atal'Hakkar in the Swamp of Sorrows
One of the more recent areas that seems to have been almost immediately tossed aside is the underwater zone of Vashj'ir. Introduced in the Cataclysm expansion that saw a number of the original zones reshaped to try and bring people back to these forgotten lands. Vashj'ir was a newly introduced zone, and the first one in the game to be entirely underwater. The sub-oceanic playground is big enough to be split into three separate zones itself. All three are jam packed with wonders like fantastical forests of rising kelp, the titanic shells of dead crustaceans that can be explored like a cave system, and a swirling abyssal vortex that sucks players off to a dungeon instance. As of my visit, there were all of nine active players exploring the vortex.
The massive living caves of Nespirah
The Abyssal Breach
Kelp'thar Forest
However, maybe the most unloved areas of WoW may not even be on Azeroth. Outland, introduced in the first expansion, The Burning Crusade, was a whole new continent existing through a legendary portal, where players could join the battle against demons and evil(er) orcs. Unlike the more-often seamless continents of the original game, Outland's landscapes seemed like a barely connected selection of dreams. You could walk from the spiked geological impossibilities of the Blade's Edge Mountains right into the scattered scraps of untethered land known as the Netherstorm. It was bright, crazy, and now, almost entirely empty. I visited every zone on Outland for this piece and not one of them had more than 30 players.
Hellfire Citadel in Outland's Hellfire Peninsula
The anti-dragon spikes of Blade's Edge Mountains
Eco-Dome Midrealm in the Netherstorm
The most recent expansion to the World of Warcraft, Warlords of Draenor, was released in November of 2014, drawing players to the newly created areas. Nonetheless, all of these older corners of WoW still exist. The generated bugs of Silithus still hunt; Vashj'ir's kelp forests continue to sway in the currents; and the demon hordes are still waiting in Outland. Like the real world, it can get lonely wandering solo through a kelp forest or spiky mountain range, but it can be beautiful, too.
Baerf flies on.
Lizard Squad may value hacking for more than just the fame.
On December 25th, the group of hackers launched a series of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks against PlayStation Network and Xbox Live, subsequently causing network issues for both platforms that lasted several days.
Lizard Squad has been attracting attention for their attacks since August when the group caused server outages for League of Legends and Runescape, two popular online games.
At around the same time, the hackers infiltrated Sony and soon thereafter tweeted that explosives were aboard an American Airlines flight on which Sony Entertainment President John Smedley was flying. It is their prior involvement with the entertainment company that has some security firms wondering whether Lizard Squad might have helped the Guardians of Peace in their recent hack against Sony.
These and other attacks notwithstanding, some prominent researchers do not consider Lizard Squad a serious threat. Among them is Brian Krebs, who in an article on his blog describes the group as “misguided individuals [who] launched the attack for no other reason than because they thought it would be amusing to annoy and disappoint people.”
Krebs even went so far as to condemn certain media profiles that have portrayed the group and their attacks as “sophisticated” and “herculean.”
However, recent actions suggest that the group may be more strategic in their actions than their statements have let on. Mikko Hypponen, CRO at F-Secure, has revealed in a Tweet that the group recently set up a new website that offers customers different DDoS attack packages for purchase. As one commentator on Twitter put it, perhaps this means Lizard Squad used its Christmas DDoS attacks to market its services to cybercrime communities.
If it succeeds in attracting clients to its services, the group will undoubtedly become a more significant cyber threat actor. However, Lizard Squad may have alienated some of its potential client base when it went after Tor, an anonymizing service which many cyber criminals use to conceal their identities.
The group has also made a number of enemies who have incentive to prevent it from marketing itself, including The Finest Squad, a rival group of hackers who launched their own attacks against Lizard Squad for its Christmas antics, as well as Anonymous.
Where Lizard Squad goes from here remains to be seen. What is certain is that the information security community will be watching the group carefully from now on.
A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the case of a man who claimed he was acting in his sleep when he allegedly raped a woman.
The 29-year-old man conceded he might have had sex with the woman, but claimed he was suffering from sexsomnia at the time – a rare condition that causes people to carry out sexual acts while asleep.
After deliberating for eight hours and 15 minutes over a three-day period, the jury foreman indicated that jurors were deadlocked and unable to reach a verdict.
“We're fairly far apart, I don't believe we're going to have an agreement,” the foreman told Mr Justice Patrick McCarthy at the Central Criminal Court. He added that he was “absolutely” sure they would not be able to agree, given more time.
Mr Justice McCarthy thanked the jurors for their time and excused them from further service for a period of 10 years. The case was adjourned until November 28th when the prosecution will indicate whether it intends to seek another trial.
The accused, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had pleaded not guilty to one count of raping the woman at an apartment in Dublin in the early hours of September 28th, 2008.
This was the man's second trial. A trial collapsed last year due to legal issues just before the jury was due to start deliberating.
The trial, which lasted four weeks, heard the man and woman were childhood friends and were in Dublin attending a career fair.
On the night of the incident, the man and woman had been at Copperface Jack's nightclub and he had consumed several drinks and a naggin of whiskey before they returned to a friend's house to sleep.
During the night, she said she awoke to find the man having sex with her. She said there was a conversation about contraception in which he was responsive to her. He told her he would go with her in the morning to get the morning-after pill
She said he later admitted he had raped her and they both agreed he would get help from a Rape Crisis Centre. Several months later, she made a complaint to gardaí.
The man's defence team presented evidence from two expert witnesses who said it was likely that he was suffering from sexsomnia at the time. Witnesses also said he had a family history of sleepwalking and he had groped or grinded against people in the past while asleep.
“He was in automatism due to his sleep disorder. He was unaware of what he had done,” Dr John Michael Shneerson, former director of a UK sleep clinic and author of ‘The Handbook of Sleep Medicine', told Hugh Hartnett SC, defending.
He said that it was personal opinion that the accused “fits very well with sexsomnia”.
“He jumps through the hoops and fits the template very well . . . it doesn't fit in very well with someone who was drunk, awakes and has sex with someone,” Dr Shneerson said.
“His actions afterwards were remorseful and guilty. He went to his GP and a rape crisis centre in order to try and find out what had happened. He didn't try to cover it up, which is a typical reaction from someone with sexsomnia, because they've no awareness and no consciousness.
“If he had been a sexual predator it would be unusual, with being both sleep-deprived and having taken alcohol, to be able to stay awake to rape someone.”
The prosecution said alcohol intake was a more likely factor in the incident than sexsomnia and that the accused's actions were not consistent with the condition.
Dr Harry Kennedy, a forensic psychologist, gave evidence for the prosecution that he questioned whether it was possible for a male to get an erection during non-REM sleep, the stage of sleep in which sleepwalking occurs.
“This is not the normal physiology,” the doctor said. He added that it might be possible for someone to have an erection while transitioning into non-REM sleep but that he would need to see a demonstration of this.
Dr Kennedy said actions during sleep were generally “very very simple” and directionless. Speech was incoherent and meaningless, he said.
He said the accused's alleged actions, including pulling up the woman's skirt and pulling aside her underwear, demonstrated “intact mental ability and therefore consciousness”.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn took time out from campaigning to save his leadership to visit an MP fighting a serious illness.
Blyth Valley MP Ronnie Campbell is receiving chemotherapy after being diagnosed with stomach cancer.
And he has revealed that Mr Corbyn visited him in his constituency office during this year's leadership contest. Mr Corbyn, who went on to defeat rival candidate Owen Smith, had been holding an election event in South Shields.
Mr Campbell said: "He came to see us. He drove through to my office and popped in to see how I was.
“We had a cup of coffee. Then he went off to his meeting in Shields.
“He's coming to the annual dinner in November, so he'll be coming to Blyth then.”
Mr Campbell, 73, was diagnosed at the start of August and will be staying in the North East throughout his treatment but has vowed to go to Westminster to represent his constituency if MPs are voting on a major issue. He continues to be in good spirits.
In light of the child sex-abuse scandal at Penn State, Joe Paterno's name has been removed from the new Big Ten championship trophy, the conference announced Monday.
The Big Ten said that the crisis at Penn State, which led to Paterno's firing as coach Wednesday night, prompted the decision to remove his name from the Stagg-Paterno Championship Trophy. The trophy will be awarded Dec. 3 at the inaugural Big Ten football championship game at Indianapolis.
The trophy will now be called the Stagg Championship Trophy.
"We believe that it would be inappropriate to keep Joe Paterno's name on the trophy at this time," Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany said in a statment. "The trophy and its namesake are intended to be celebratory and aspirational, not controversial. We believe that it's important to keep the focus on the players and the teams that will be competing in the inaugural championship game."
Amos Alonzo Stagg won 319 games in 57 years, most at the University of Chicago. Paterno's 409 wins are the most by a major college coach.
Penn State (8-2, 5-1 Big Ten ) and Michigan State (8-2, 5-1) lead their respective divisions and will advance to the title game in Indianapolis if they win the rest of their games.
The Big Ten pointed to the recent grand jury indictments against retired Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky and two other officials, a U.S. Department of Education investigation into Penn State's response to the allegations of sexual abuse involving Sandusky, and Paterno's dismissal by the school's board of trustees as reasons to remove Paterno's name from the trophy.
Robert Stagg of Grand Rapids, Mich., a great grandson of Amos Alonzo Stagg, said last week his family was honored to have the Stagg name on the trophy whatever happened with Paterno's name.
Penn State said it would not comment.
Paterno was fired Wednesday after he initially said he planned to retire at the end of his 46th season, but the outcry following the arrest of Sandusky on 40 criminal counts of molestation proved too much for the board of trustees to ignore.
Defensive coordinator Tom Bradley was selected as interim coach, and No. 21 Penn State lost Saturday in its first game of the post-Paterno era. The Nittany Lions, who have a one-game lead on Wisconsin (No. 17 BCS, No. 15 AP) in the Leaders Division of the Big Ten, finish the season with road games against Ohio State and the Badgers.
Tickets to the championship game already have been printed and they include an image of the trophy and the name Stagg-Paterno. Big Ten spokesman Scott Chipman said many of the tickets have been shipped and the conference will not reprint the remaining tickets.
Adam Rittenberg covers Big Ten football for ESPN.com. He can be reached at espnritt@gmail.com. Information from The Associated Press was included in this report.
back to news News Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions. Art Contest Welcome to our new bi-monthly installment of the Art Challenge! Take out your preferred drawing tools of choice, be them the standard Pencil and Paper, or even the renowned Drawing Tablet to digitalize your work, and prepare to embark on an epic challenge to test your artistic skills! This contest has been separated into two groups: One for Traditional - Pencil & Paper artwork, and one for Digital artwork! Your task for this contest is simple: Make a drawing of any specific theme that correlates with War Thunder. Your choice of vehicle/infantries/etc to be represented in your artwork are only limited to War Thunder's eras and theme, and your very own imagination. Your art can be based on our real world and its history, or even an alternative universe if you so choose. Your work can be realistic, or even a cartoon. Clarification: This is a drawing contest. This means that the following will not be accepted as submissions: Models and Model kits
3D Models and 3D Renders.
Skins.
In-game screenshots and Edited screenshots - You may however use screenshots as references for your work if you wish, but do not trace them. When you're using a reference image for your work, we expect that it is not copied over in its entirety. Originality and creativity are where it counts. Notice the following between the source image and the art it is based on: Completely redone camouflage
2nd plane in the formation has been moved and even completed
Certain elements and features of the Spitfire has been redone, such as the pilot in the cockpit, the radiator, etc… Rules: The deadline for this contest is September 7th 2016, 12:00 GMT .
. There is no specific theme for this contest - You can draw anything you want so long that you stay true to War Thunder's eras of vehicles. (WW2, Korean War, etc...no modern tanks for example!)
Title your submission when you post it in this thread.
Make sure to note which Group you are submitting your work to.
Additionally, post it on live with the hashtag " #artchallenge5 " and post the link to your live post in this thread.
Pencil Artists - You can scan your work if needed, but make no alterations to the image in an editing program afterwards!
Please refrain from using submissions you have previously published.
1 Submission per user. You cannot participate in both categories!
You must be the sole author of your work - Do not copy or steal the work of others!
The submission must not violate moral, ethical or legal norms or the Forum Rules, Game Rules or the User Agreement.
This contest may be cancelled at any time, amended and/or the rules may change.
The Contest Organizers reserve the right to alter these Conditions at any time. Prizes: Pencil + Paper artwork Digital artwork 1st Place: 3500
2nd Place: 2500
3rd Place: 1500 1st Place: 3500
2nd Place: 2500
3rd Place: 1500 The War Thunder Team Discuss on the Forums
Every once in a while someone in the comments here says, usually as an aside to something else, that no one becomes a writer to get rich. So as a point of clarification, and to give everyone else who is slightly exasperated by this sort of comment something to point at:
Hey, I became a writer to get rich. I've always been in the writing business not just to write, and not just to make money, but also to make a lot of money — basically, to get rich at it. Why? Because speaking from experience, being poor sucks, and in the world we live in, things are a whole lot easier if you have a lot of money. The thing I do best in the world in a professional sense is writing, so if I were to become rich, getting rich through writing seemed like the most likely way for me to do it.
Making money — and making a lot of it — has always been part of my professional writing game plan. It's one reason why I have been both shameless and unapologetic about the commercial aspects of my writing, whether it's me working as a writing/editing consultant for business or writing accessible novels. The money I make from writing means less time now I have to devote to sources of income other than writing, and less time later having to find other sources of income when (inevitably) my career slows down from its current happy level. The money I make from writing allows me to do nothing other than writing. So it helps to make a lot of it if at all possible.
Do I write only to make money? No; I write for lots of other reasons as well. Do I only consider money when it comes to choosing writing projects? No; I've written things for the pure enjoyment of writing them as well as for other factors, although once I was done with them I often looked to see how best to profit from them. Does writing with money as a consideration and being rich as a goal mean that waving money at me is the magic key to unlock my participation in something? Not always, because not all money is created equal, and the money I'm looking at is not only what's being waved in front of me now, but what taking the project will make available in the future. I can afford to look long term because making lots of money was always part of my thinking, and because it has been (along with many other factors including staggering good luck) I have the ability to turn down work that doesn't meet the long-term financial goals, and work that just doesn't appeal to me, for whatever reason.
(Nor do I think that everyone has to write with the goal of getting rich or making money. People like to quote/paraphrase Samuel Johnson, who once said “No one but a blockhead ever wrote except for money,” but Johnson is as full of shit as any writer on the subject. You can write for all sorts of reasons, money being only one. If you want to be a professional writer, writing for money helps. Otherwise? Optional.
Also, sadly, acknowledging you write for money (or to get rich) will not guarantee success in that endeavor. Yes, that sucks. But there it is.)
At the end of the day, however: This is what I do for money. I don't want to have to do anything else, now and (as far as I can imagine) in the future. As luck would have it, much of what I like to write, and the style I prefer to write it in, appears to lend itself to the acquisition of money. So, yes, I write to become rich. It's always been part of my plan. I suspect that there are at least a few other writers probably write for the same reason. I imagine, like me, it's not their only reason. But it's still a reason.
As a final thought on the point, one of the reasons that “no one writes to get rich” and “no one writes to make money” bug the crap out of me is that this is the sort of thinking, intentional or otherwise, that gives bad people cover to screw writers with regard to money, and gives uncertain writers a reason to shrug off being screwed. If you as a writer buy into the idea you can't/won't make money and that you can't/won't get rich, then you are more than halfway to ensuring that you won't, in fact, make money (much less get rich).
So don't accept it. When someone says it, feel free to contradict them. Some of us do write to make money, and maybe even to get rich. It doesn't lessen what one does as a writer to acknowledge that making money, and maybe even hopefully making a lot of it, is one of the reasons to do it — if in fact it's one of the reasons one does it. It is for me.
It is not the responsibility of feminists of color to tell white feminists we exist and have been a part of the feminist movement for a long time. When feminists of color or Black feminists—or whatever moniker they choose—are passed over and ignored, it is an insult, intentional or not.
It is not the responsibility of feminists of color to tell white feminists we exist and have been a part of the feminist movement for a long time.
Dictionary: Feminism via Shutterstock
I was not surprised when I viewed Amanda Marcotte's presentation on online feminism at this year's Netroots Nation conference, in which she pointed mostly to young, hip, white female bloggers writing today. While there are many women of color blogging at sites like the Crunk Feminist Collective, women of color were represented in Marcotte's PowerPoint presentation by one stock photo of a Black woman holding car keys, with a statement about how online feminists are “driving the movement forward.” The PowerPoint slide is indicative of a larger problem in feminism: the inability to see or identify with women of color who are feminists. It's not a good look, but then again, this slight is not unexpected given the history between white women and feminists of color.
My purpose in this piece is not to bash Amanda Marcotte—a contributor here at Rewire—but to illuminate some of the long history of tension between the feminist movement and women of color. Writing this piece in the wake of the George Zimmerman trial has not been easy. Is it always going to be this way? Will it always be this difficult to come together with white feminists, as women of color, to work on the many pressing issues in this country, including the rollback of women's rights, specifically reproductive rights?
The tension between white feminists and feminists of color has existed for a long time, in part because of race, class, and positionality. It is fair to ask, “Why is it so hard for white feminists to embrace, celebrate, and partner with their sisters of color?” Is intersectionality just a dream, or can we work past this conundrum?
It is time for white feminists to become more aware of their internalized compliance to the “isms” that threaten to divide us all, from historical and contemporary perspectives. How can we come together without being torn apart by the other “ism” that threatens feminism: racism? A brief look at the history of the feminist movement and women of color, and a prescription for our future together, is long overdue.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
A History of Privileged Positions
Women of color have never had the luxury of simply focusing on women's issues. Considerations of race, racism, and economic and social injustices have always intertwined with issues of patriarchy and sexism. Women of color who also hold feminist beliefs are also acutely aware of how their communities, broadly defined, are affected by outside forces. One classic standoff in the history of the women's movement and feminism was between journalist and civil rights leader Ida B. Wells and women's suffragist Frances Willard. Wells wanted Willard to recognize the problem of lynching in the South, but Willard believed that Black men were drinkers and responsible for the rape of white women. It's reprehensible, yes, but Willard's privileged position kept her from seeing the issues that were important for the Black community and Ida B. Wells. It also showed how she bought into the narrative of stereotypes about African-American men, accepting the trumped-up notion that African-American men, presumed to be more alcoholic than white men, were a sexual menace to white women and were being properly targeted. Wells fought against this strenuously, and their battle strained relationships between African-American and white women in the suffrage and temperance movements.
Even with the advent of the fully-formed feminist movement in the post-civil-rights-movement 1970s, Black women and other women of color were relegated to the sidelines, while white women became the face of feminism. As Gloria Steinem's good looks were heralded as the face of feminism, other women of color were partnering together to work for a common cause. The Combahee River Collective Statement from 1977 chronicled the genesis, interests, and issues Black feminists faced, and their statements still resonate today. The statement importantly noted that Black feminists were interested in combating a “range of oppressions.” It said, “We do not have racial, sexual, heterosexual, or class privilege to rely upon, nor do we have even the minimal access to resources and power that groups who possess anyone of these types of privilege have.”
The collective nailed why it is easier to be a white feminist than it is to be a feminist of color: Without a position of privilege to call on, it is even harder as a woman of color to fight for issues that are important for every woman, but especially for women of color. Not recognizing that privilege of whiteness or class hampers the ability of feminists across ethnic lines to join together for common causes.
The Rise of Womanism
In the 1980s, the advent of womanist and mujerista (derived from the Spanish word mujer, or “woman” in English) movements and theologies spoke to African-American and Latina women who did not find their issues were being addressed within the feminist movement.
The term womanism arose from Alice Walker's book In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens, in which she described a womanist as a Black feminist or feminist of color. The term womanist even became a theological construct, taught in divinity schools and religious studies programs across the nation and world. Shortly thereafter, Latinas embraced mujerista as a way to claim their space over white feminists. Both groups created a space for themselves in reaction to white feminism, which they believed held no room for them because of classism and racial issues that at best white feminists did not understand, and at worst used against women of color.
It is not, however, the responsibility of feminists of color to tell white feminists we exist and have been a part of the feminist movement for a long time. When feminists of color or Black feminists—or whatever moniker they choose—are passed over and ignored, it is an insult, intentional or not. The stock photo of a Black woman in Marcotte's presentation stands as a symbol of privilege that enables white feminists to ignore the struggles of the other women working right beside them.
There are innumerable websites dedicated to feminist, womanist, or mujerista issues. They are easy to find, and much of their content is shared on Twitter and Facebook. Now is not the time for white feminists to pretend the rest of us do not exist. There is too much at stake. Many of us are engaged in state battles for women's reproductive rights in Texas and North Carolina. Immigration, unemployment, and domestic violence are just the tip of the iceberg of our collective concerns.
Where to Go From Here?
Ignoring our common struggles and presence because of white privilege and historical ignorance is no longer an excuse. Solidarity cannot come from only one group reaching out to the other. White feminists must come to grips with their own internalized structures of racism, classism, and even sexism that prevent them from seeing other feminists of color. It is also important to understand women of color may not be comfortable calling themselves feminists. Understand that this reticence stems from both historical constructs of feminism and structures of communities and beliefs that may not want to call ourselves feminists.
Most importantly, all sides must work together to address current setbacks in the fight for women's rights, especially reproductive rights. While the rhetoric of the right is about “protecting” women, the rules enacted in states like Virginia, Texas, and others are anything but. As reproductive rights of women are being eroded and erased in states like Texas and North Carolina, among others, surely there is a way to get past this invisibility issue. The issues facing women in the United States today are too important to ignore, and if we're going to drive into a better future for women, let us make sure we know who is riding with us.
HUNTINGTON BEACH – They called ahead, as any good patient would, to make sure their drug was in stock and ready for pickup.
Just after 3 a.m. on Jan. 17, two men strolled through the doors of the CVS pharmacy on Beach Boulevard. They brought a gun instead of prescription – and a note demanding OxyContin, a highly addictive prescription painkiller, police said.
The pharmacist didn't argue – and handed over hundreds of tablets of “hillbilly heroin.” The robbers left without firing a shot.
East Coast heroin and methamphetamine addicts started the trend – shaking down pharmacies for OxyContin for a quick, cheap fix. The robbery wave that has slowly washed across the country for the past five years is now hitting local drug stores. At least eight Orange County pharmacies have been robbed since December by men demanding the drug, officials said.
Three different Costa Mesa Rite Aids have been hit in the past three weeks. Two Huntington Beach CVS stores – across Harbor Boulevard from each other – were robbed. A Mariners Pharmacy in Newport Beach. A Rite Aid in Orange. In Lake Forest, a man stole more than $10,000 worth of OxyContin and Vicodin from a pharmacy Feb. 11 – all caught on tape.
The rise of the 24-hour pharmacy catering to busy families coupled with a lack of supply of the addictive drug by street dealers is luring addicts to corner drugstores, police said.
“A lot of these people are burglars by trade,” said Newport Beach police Sgt. Evan Sailor. “It seems to be a lot quicker to go into a pharmacy than to break in a house and hope they find what they're looking for. Here they can go in, get what they want from the pharmacist and pop a couple of pills in their car.”
Stores crammed with shoppers and clerks during the day become lonely places at night, with skeleton crews and security guards to manage moms with sick children and partiers with the munchies. Now they are faced with armed robbers with a taste for OxyContin.
Thieves with notes and guns aren't just sticking to nighttime heists. They are also marching into crowded pharmacies midmorning and right before closing and demanding the drugs, police said. Most customers never even know there has been a hold-up.
Costa Mesa and Huntington Beach detectives think their recent rash of robberies are being carried out by the same men – and are hoping surveillance pictures will help nab them.
Crushed up and injected or swallowed to get the biggest rush, OxyContin – an opiate – has an intense mellowing effect similar to morphine. Combined with methamphetamine to create a “speedball,” OxyContin helps users avoid the sudden, painful crash when the methamphetamine high wears off, experts said.
“When you take it in conjunction with other stuff, the high you get isn't one plus one equals two,” Sheriff's Sgt. Bob Davis said. “It's one plus one equals six. If you don't know what you're doing that can get really dangerous really quick.”
At least nine armed OxyContin robberies and 13 break-ins were reported statewide last year.
With a street value of $25 to $35 a pill, thieves can turn a huge profit with little effort, Huntington Beach police Detective Jim Allard said. More than 15,000 tablets were reported stolen from California pharmacies last year alone.
“It's a troubling trend,” said Virginia Herold, executive officer of the California Board of Pharmacies.
Some pharmacies are ordering less OxyContin or have stopped selling it completely, forcing patients to go elsewhere or order by mail. Others are bulking up security and are locking OxyContin in safes.
“Our priority is to continue to serve our patients and to take care of their needs,” said Karen Ramos, a spokeswoman for CVS Pharmacy.
Purdue Pharma, the maker of OxyContin, is putting up thousands of dollars in reward money for information leading to the capture of the thieves and is creating a nationwide tracking system to catalogue the robberies. Doctors who prescribe the drug are warned about its addictiveness. Patients are warned about the theft risk – and to keep it out of the hands of drug addicts.
“People need drugs because they are sick,” Costa Mesa police Sgt. Mike Ginther said. “Pharmacies are there to help people. They aren't going to go away, but there really isn't too much they can do to stop this.”
Contact the writer: 714-445-6682 or kedds@ocregister.com
AGAIN! 4chan Users Capture Shia Labeouf's Flag In Liverpool, England!
The legendary 4chan strikes again! It appears Shia Labeouf's HWNDU flag has been captured in Liverpool, England!
It was reported yesterday by Heat Street that the flag was moved to the UK:
“Events have shown that America is simply not safe enough for this artwork to exist,” wrote Shia Labeouf, Luke Turner and Nastja Rönko, the artists behind the fraught and embattled “He Will Not Divide Us” in a press release. That's the reason the art project meant to protest a sitting American president will be moved to Liverpool in the UK. Like the last location in Greenville, Tennessee, the camera is now pointed skywards towards a flag that says “He Will Not Divide Us.” The stream was adopted by FACT (Foundation for Art and Creative Technology), a cinema and art gallery located in the heart of Liverpool. Once again the artists claim this will be the home of the stream for the remaining four years of Trump's presidency. This is the fourth time they made such a claim. Your move 4chan and 8chan.
According to reports on Twitter, the flag has been taken down by 4chan users from /pol/.
https://twitter.com/polNewsNetwork1/status/844945468606046210
https://twitter.com/polNewsNetwork1/status/844934811009646595
https://twitter.com/polNewsNetwork1/status/844927811005624320
prior to capturing the flag, 4chan users posted floor plans of the building housing the flag.
https://twitter.com/polNewsNetwork1/status/844575758232244229
https://twitter.com/polNewsNetwork1/status/844555302020284417
https://twitter.com/yahboiDirtMan/status/844566187598077953
Follow Josh Caplan on Twitter at @JoshDCaplan
Amazon's intelligent assistant Alexa seems to be getting smarter every day, and has just hit an impressive milestone. The retail giant today announced that Alexa just hit 1,000 third-party skills, all thanks to developers jumping onto the platform to make it easier to call up an Uber or order pizza. That figure makes products like the Amazon Echo, Fire TV, and Tap powerful smart home appliances, and potentially more compelling than Google's upcoming smart speaker.
Since launching the Alexa Skills Kit last year, developers from companies like Domino's, Fitbit, and Kayak have been working to extend the platform to allow users to call up information about their food orders, health, and travel plans just by speaking commands. The openness of the platform is incredibly attractive, as Alexa can also be built into third-party devices and even into your browser. Some of these ideas may not even be perfect (like the Triby), but the speed at which these products are coming out at is impressive.
A developer community working hard to make it easier to call an Uber or check your Fitbit stats
"Today, we have a vibrant community of tens of thousands of developers who are learning about the service," said Alexa director Rob Pulciani in today's release, "bringing useful and innovative skills to every aspect of Alexa customers' lives, and introducing their own users to the magic and simplicity of hands-free, voice-driven interactions."
Having a large third-party developer community and 1,000 skills gives Amazon a head start in home AI space. Google just announced Google Home, its own Chromecast-powered intelligent speaker, at I/O last month. Right now, Google lacks the third-party partnerships that make products like the Echo attractive, but, as Mario Queiroz, Google's VP of product management, told The Verge, the Home will have the benefit of more powerful search functionality right out of the gate as Google starts courting developers. Apple is also expected to announce its own Siri-powered speaker at WWDC later this month. So as it stands, it's not clear if Amazon can hold onto its lead with Alexa, but it's nevertheless in a great position to compete.
Jeff Bezos on Amazon's dedication to the Echo and Alexa
Growing up with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
From the ages of twelve to fifteen, I went through an obsessive-compulsive rigmarole before bed every night. The process demanded a minimum of two hours filled with concentrated touching, blinking, gulping, repetitive thinking, and chanting. If I botched any part of this strict routine, or if I was interrupted, I'd have to start the whole ordeal again, often tacking on an extra hour.
When I finished, I'd tuck myself into a sleeping bag under my covers, even during the most humid summer nights. I did all this out of fear: if I didn't adhere to my compulsions, I thought, I would be brutally murdered in the middle of the night by a nonspecific being, or snakes would slither up my bedpost from beneath the frame and bite the soft spots between my toes. I used the heatstroke-friendly sleeping bag to “protect” my vulnerable digits.
Even then, I understood that my compulsions didn't make sense. Many people with OCD are aware of the irrationality of their compulsions. But our behavior and our habits are governed by an internal system, a logic engineered to quell fear and anxiety so we can operate within our skulls and in the outside world. These rules, mind games, and habits are reinforced through practice. They become a way of life.
Though there's a lot of overlap among the repetitive behaviors that people with OCD share, every person's habits are as unique as his personality. Or, at least, the mental Hula-Hoops and self-justified raison d'être of each compulsion are unique. The reason I organize my life in sets of fives may be different from the reason another person with OCD uses the same number to create internal order. And we might both touch locks, but not in the same way or for the same reason. Furthermore, the habits and regular tics shift and evolve over time. Many people are stuck with the disorder for life. Its intensity can fade or be mitigated with therapy, medication, et cetera, or it can return with potency during periods of stress. While I don't know if it can fully disappear, I do know that, for me, the practices that define my OCD have developed as I have.
Over the course of my adolescence, I'd frequently try to overcome one tic by replacing it with another—a psyche hack, of sorts. But this often created a more arduous obsession that would control a new part of my day-to-day life. When I was in third grade, every time a terrifying or negative image invaded my mind's eye, I'd bite down on my tongue, as if immediate pain would nix hypothetical future pain. When it got to the point where my tongue started bleeding, I replaced the biting with a new habit: I would gulp or swallow the saliva in my mouth while imagining a red antismoking symbol surging through whatever thought was plaguing my brain. The symbol would have to cut through a mental visualization of the thought upward and to the right, as magical thinking demanded that I progress upward, higher! Better! To the heavens! in all aspects of life. I always wanted to be right, not left and wrong. Ironically, one of my biggest compulsions today relates to smoking cigarettes—so that more semiotic habit never protected me in the long run.
I had seemingly infinite habits, but that nightly routine, which lasted for three solid years, was one of the most exhausting—quite literally, as I'd be up until odd hours in the morning, stuck in an OCD K-hole. My compulsions were at their strongest as I was starting middle school, blitzed with all sorts of hormones. I thought I'd forget pieces of my routine, but the rote rehearsal and muscle memory make it all easy to bring back. The process would start after I brushed my teeth and washed my face in the bathroom, a few feet away from my bedroom door. Once I was inside my room, I was inside my room, and going back to the bathroom counted as an interruption that would reignite the whole mental checklist of compulsions I had to placate before I could finally go to bed. Often, I'd be deep into the routine and would suddenly have to pee, but I was so spent from the habits that the thought of leaving and starting over was too much. I'd go into my closet, quietly piss in the corner, and then cover it all in water, as this was infinitely better than restarting. That shabby blue carpet probably had an ever-present layer of dank urine, at least an inch thick.
My room had a double-sized mattress, a futon, a desk, a closet, and a door to an outdoor deck. Most of my bedroom-related fear revolved around imagining deranged figures bursting through that door to the outside world, a place filled with uncontrollable objects and happenings—so I'd start there, officially, by getting on my knees in a kowtow and aligning my eyes with the lock. I'd push on the lock and hold it tight for thirty-two seconds—one of my compulsive numbers, others being multiples of two and ten. Five was the ultimate number, as it was the only odd one in my repertoire, the logic being that I wanted to be an even person, not an odd one, and numbers like thirteen were strictly off-limits. After that half minute was up and my knuckles were white from the pressure, I'd stare at the lock, gulping and imagining the antismoking sign cutting through the lock to negate any possibly bad things that could happen, like nonexisting serial killers breaking in. I'd gulp five times, touch the lock for another thirty-two seconds, and then gulp five more times to punctuate the action. If it didn't feel right (and it never did on the first try), I'd do it again. And again. If I broke my concentration and looked away, I'd have to start again.
This was step one.
Next came a similar checking process through the rest of my room in a calculated sequence—the closet first, then the futon, the desk, the nightstand, the space behind the bedroom door, and finally under my bed. I proceeded clockwise to each object. Time and numbers were the bigger-picture regulatory concepts overlooking all my smaller habits. Each part of my room had its own mental requisites of gulping, counting, and touching. When I checked behind my door, I'd insert my big toe into the corner where two walls met while I gulped and counted. Right angles were also very important. I had to press the toenail in while counting and thinking, and I wouldn't let up until it was perfect, which regularly resulted in my nail cracking. Checking under my bed for those imaginary snakes, I'd strain my neck so much that I'd pull muscles in it. (Though I hate to admit it, that one episode of Girls where Lena Dunham's character hurts her eardrum through a compulsive Q-tip habit felt a little close to home.)
When I finally climbed into my bed, it felt like hitting a massive checkpoint in a video game—but I still had a Ganon-like boss to take on before I could get into my sleeping bag. On my nightstand was a bonsai tree, a lamp, a red water bottle, and my alarm clock, each of which required not only the grueling touching and gulping process but a kind of mental conversation. I didn't think these objects were animated. I didn't believe I was actually communicating with them. Still, to placate my psyche, I had to either chant out loud or shout in my head to these objects. Repetitively, I'd ask each to keep my family, our pets, my friends, their families, their pets, and me safe, healthy, happy, and successful, and that no bad things would happen to any of us (in that order). I'd often mess up the order or not speak/think some part of the mantra articulately enough, and then I'd have to start the murmuring again; or my mouth would be too dry from the nonstop gulping, and I'd have to take a sip of water and then restart. Thinking or mumbling at these objects was my own version of some sort of obsequious prayer. I believed my disorder decided my fate.
This was very much a lifestyle, and I don't remember exactly how I broke it or when I stopped sleeping in that Patagonia heat trap. But I'm glad I never took meds for my OCD, though therapy was fucking essential. What's important to me now is that this routine, in its own special, torturous way, helped inform the development of my personality. Some of my mental acrobatics were extremely creative—even if masochistic—and that warped thinking was ultimately transferred into practices I'm passionate about today. Back then, I was hyperfocused and disciplined. I made sure I finished each compulsion. Later, I brought this dedication to what I think of as practical life rehearsals, studying being the most obvious.
As a friend once wrote in a starkly honest essay for The Atlantic, the tics associated with OCD are more widely understood than the darker, obsessive thought processes that many people with the disorder experience. Similarly, a colleague of mine wrote about society's tendency to belittle and misunderstand OCD. I still believe that the average person, to say nothing of pop culture, doesn't really understand how creative, bizarre, and sometimes ineffable the actual compulsive habits can be. As my routine suggests, the disorder is more complex than its usual, phobic presentation: “I have to clean that doorknob before I touch it because there are germs on it and germs are bad.” People understand when I explain that I do things that I recognize don't make sense, and that I must do them to continue functioning. But explaining the self-created logic behind my actions, and how this logic informs my identity, usually elicits blank stares. It's a disorder that marks us in strange ways, and not always for the worse. Even today, for instance, I derive a fetishistic satisfaction from sleeping bags—but I'll always be terrified of snakes.
Zach Sokol is a writer who lives in Brooklyn, New York. He works for VICE magazine's editorial team, usually focusing on fringe arts and culture. He likes cats and the musician Dean Blunt, and he no longer sleeps in a sleeping bag.
From the deepest oceans
to the outermost reaches of space to the genetic code of human life. The same adventurous spirit that propelled Columbus' explorations will enable us to challenge old assumptions, acquire new knowledge, and broaden the horizons of humankind.
Columbus' story illustrates the importance of diversity.
Columbus was born and raised in Italy; he learned much of his
seafaring knowledge and experience from Portuguese sailors and navigators; and he put those skills in service to the King and Queen of Spain, who funded his explorations. By establishing a
safe, reliable route between Europe and the New World, Columbus opened the door for subsequent explorers from Spain, France, and England and for the millions of immigrants who would be welcomed by America in later centuries. But the encounters between Columbus and other European Explorers and the native peoples of the Western
Hemisphere also underscore what can happen when cultures clash and when we are unable to understand and respect people who are different from us. more from President Bill Clinton on Columbus Day 2000 It is in this same spirit that Carnaval.com proposes more cruisers explore the Gulf of Paria and the Orinoco River Hugo Chávez walks with Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva - March 29, 2005. Checking Out Chavez's Venezuela Berkeley Daily Planet, CA - Dec 29, 2006 In 2003, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez urged Latin Americans to not celebrate the Columbus Day holiday. Chavez blamed Columbus for leading the way in the mass genocide of the Native Americans. Chavez Calls Bush "The Devil" Hugo Chavez Speech at the UN on September 20th,2006 broadcast on Fox "Representatives of the governments of the world, good morning to all of you. First of all, I would like to invite you, very respectfully, to those who have not read this book, to read it.
Noam Chomsky, one of the most prestigious American and world intellectuals, Noam Chomsky, and this is one of his most recent books, Hegemony or Survival: The Imperialist Strategy of the United States. It's an excellent book to help us understand what has been happening in the world throughout the 20th century, and what's happening now, and the greatest threat looming over our planet.
The hegemonic pretensions of the American empire are placing at risk the very survival of the human species. We continue to warn you about this danger and we appeal to the people of the United States and the world to halt this threat, which is like a sword hanging over our heads....We want ideas to save our planet, to save the planet from the imperialist threat. And hopefully in this very century, in not too long a time, we will see this, we will see this new era, and for our children and our grandchildren a world of peace based on the fundamental principles of the United Nations, but a renewed United Nations.
And maybe we have to change location. Maybe we have to put the United Nations somewhere else; maybe a city of the south. We've proposed Venezuela.
In an interview later with CNN en Español, Chavez said he had good relations with President Clinton, but of Bush he said, "With this cowboy you can't even talk ... the Texan who walks around shooting from the hip." Today we have other worlds to explore --
Regarding them as sinners, he was interested only in the ones who could lead him to gold, and it wasn't long before he was proposing shipping Indians back to Spain as slaves. But the Catholic kings had qualms - surprisingly, since there was a flourishing market in Spain for African slaves. They summoned a committee, which thought that, on the whole, it was not right. The monarchs ordered that, so long as the natives were "submissive", they should be treated well and educated. Each family should have its own house, and mixed marriages were to be encouraged. Clash of civilizations, from cartoons to the pope, the riotous debate.
It is still arguable whether political scientist Samuel Huntington's thesis that a "clash of civilizations" between European-rooted liberalism, respect for reason, and tolerance, and Islamic-rooted religious enthusiasm is an inevitable part of our future. But several events this past year suggest the danger level is high. When in January cartoons by a few previously obscure Danish cartoonists were published, some of which lampooned the Prophet Muhammad, complaints were not enough for some Islamic enthusiasts. Instead there were riots in the Middle East and threats in Denmark, purposely orchestrated by ambitious mullahs. Later in the year, when Pope Benedict XVI quoted a 14th-century pope who was critical of Islam – in the context of a nuanced discussion of the difficulty of reconciling faith and reason – churches were burned, and a nun was shot in the back. Furthermore, restive Muslims rioted in France, and native-born Britons planted bombs on the subway. Europe has little experience with cultural assimilation, but it will have to get up to speed quickly. Moderate Muslims – still the vast majority – need to step up and serve as bridges between cultures. And if the U.S. ever hopes to neutralize "Islamofascist" terrorism it will have to learn a lot more about Islam and how to talk with sincere but reasonable believers. While many in the United States of America generally refer to the country as America and themselves as Americans,[1] many people elsewhere in the Americas resent what they perceive as appropriation of the term in this context and, thus, this usage is frequently avoided. In Canada, their southern neighbour is seldom referred to as "America" with "the United States", "the U.S.", or (informally) "the States" The most common way to distinguish is singular/plural or America/Americas and adding "the" with the plural "s" is even more clear.
A hemispheric free-trade agreement, long a goal of U.S. policy, seems like a long shot as "populist" rulers love to blame the poverty of their countries on the very activity – international trade – that stands the best chance of relieving it.
The base of the problem in liquid cooling is when you mix copper or nickel plated copper with aluminum parts, where the aluminum is the much more active material. But, galvanic corrosion does not occur only with liquid cooling loops, one example is when you connect aluminum frames with steel screws. In a humid environment, the steel screws will drive the corrosion of the aluminum which is much more active. Also, if you are using aluminum pop-rivets on steel parts, expect the rivets to give up after a while, especially if it's exposed to humidity and rain. The issues of mixing different types of metals are very precisely documented in the engineering textbooks , it's kind of important to point out that the occurrence of galvanic corrosion is not a new thing invited by liquid cooling enthusiasts.
When the two types of metal are in contact with each other and are covered with an electrolyte (water), then the more active metal (like aluminum) becomes anodic, and the passive metal cathodic. It is always the anode, the less noble material that corrodes and dissolves into the electrolyte. The electric potential difference between various types of metals is what drives the accelerated corrosion as a flow of electrons from the anode to the cathode. The bigger the cathode area is in relation to the anode, the faster the active metal will corrode. This same galvanic reaction is used in batteries to generate potential difference (voltage), or should we say electricity. Low-cost batteries typically contain carbon-zinc cells. The zinc inside the battery cell will corrode as it is an essential process of the battery producing electricity. By reading this far into the article, you are quite aware that having aluminum or zinc in your regular copper or nickel plated liquid cooling loop is not a good idea. Do you want to see how does galvanic corrosion look like?
It looks like Infinity Blade fans will have to wait a little longer before they can slice through much-anticipated series prologue Infinity Blade Dungeons.
According to AllThingsD, Epic Games has had to delay the launch of its upcoming dungeon-crawler until 2013. As it turns out, setting up a brand-new studio and reinventing your flagship iOS franchise are rather time-consuming processes.
Epic Games spokesperson Wes Phillips had this to say:
"Ever since the talented team at Impossible Studios got their hands on Infinity Blade Dungeons, they've been busy adding their great ideas to the game."
"There was also the matter of getting the Impossible Studios team up and running with desks, chairs, staplers, and computers. The logistics of a new studio and implementing all those great ideas required a little extra time, so Infinity Blade Dungeons will hit iOS in 2013."
We went hands-on with Impossible Studios's debut project back in June, and were excited by the blending of reaction-testing mini-games with more 'serious' Diablo-style RPG mechanics in Infinity Blade Dungeons.
We know the Impossible Studios team has pedigree (the staff roster is peppered with Gears of War veterans), so we're happy to wait a few extra months if it means we get to play a better game at the end of it.
In the meantime, why not take another look at the announcement trailer below. It'll put some fire in your forge.
CLOSE South Carolinians are struggling to cope with historic floods caused by the heaviest rain ever recorded in parts of the state. USA TODAY
A Mercedes-Benz is surrounded by flood waters following flooding in the area October 5, 2015 in Columbia, South Carolina. The state of South Carolina experienced record rainfall amounts over the weekend which stranded motorists and residents and forced hundreds of evacuations and rescues. (Photo: Sean Rayford, Getty Images)
The biblical flooding in South Carolina is at least the sixth so-called 1-in-1,000 year rain event in the U.S. since 2010, a trend that may be linked to factors ranging from the natural, such as a strong El Niño, to the man-made, namely climate change.
So many "1-in-1,000 year" rainfalls is unprecedented, said meteorologist Steve Bowen of Aon Benfield, a global reinsurance firm. "We have certainly had our fair share in the United States in recent years, and any increasing trend in these type of rainfall events is highly concerning," Bowen said.
A "1-in-1,000 year event" means that there's a 1 in 1,000 (or 0.1% chance) of it happening in any given year in a given location, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said.
In addition to this weekend's floods in South Carolina, which killed at least nine people, the other 1-in-1,000-year rain events include the Tennessee floods in May 2010, the Mid-Atlantic, Northeast and New England drenching during Hurricane Irene in 2011, the Colorado floods in 2013, the deluge in Baltimore in August 2014, and the flooding earlier this year in Nebraska, according to Bowen.
Scientists say there could be a connection between these floods and man-made climate change.
Research has confirmed that our warming climate is making intense short-term rains even heavier in many parts of the U.S. and the world, as warmer temperatures allow more moisture to evaporate from oceans and flow into rain-making storm systems, according to Weather Underground meteorologist Bob Henson.
A study earlier this year from Climate Central reported that 40 of the 48 contiguous states have recorded an uptick in heavy rain events in the past several decades (though South Carolina was not one of the 40).
The National Climate Assessment, a federal report from 2014, also found that a warming atmosphere would bring about more extreme rainfall events.
However, when speaking about this specific event, "I am very lukewarm on a climate change linkage," said University of Georgia meteorologist Marshall Shepherd in an e-mail. He said there is scientific evidence that the worst heavy rain events are increasing, "but I am not sure you can conclusively link this event."
Bowen added that huge floods occurred long before man-made climate change was an issue. "Atmospheric river events in particular have led to unbelievable rains throughout our recorded history, most notably the 1861-62 floods in California that flooded the Central Valley," he said.
Atmospheric rivers are ribbons of vapor that can extend thousands of miles from the tropics to the western U.S. and often provide the fuel for massive rainstorms in California. The 1861-62 floods were the worst in the recorded history of California.
Shepherd said storm-water management engineering may be behind the times, potentially exacerbating floods like that in South Carolina.
Given the vast size of the USA, it shouldn't be that surprising for extreme flooding to occur somewhere, Weather Underground meteorologist Bob Henson said in an e-mail. "Even very rare events do happen on a very limited basis when you're looking at a large area such as the United States," he said. "It's not hard to imagine getting 1-in-1000 year events at scattered locations over a few years' time."
It's also possible that the ongoing El Niño event, which has intensified throughout 2015, has played a role in boosting the amount of water vapor available for heavy rain across the southern U.S., Henson added.
El Niño is a natural climate pattern in which warmer-than-average Pacific Ocean temperatures change weather patterns around the world. Rain and snow from El Nino would help ease California's record drought.
Some parts of South Carolina received more rain in the past few days than some parts of California have seen in the past three years, according to AccuWeather.
BREAKING: A pastor from a church in Summerville pulls an unearthed casket out of the flood waters in Ridgeville pic.twitter.com/vtOYRUQMJo — Matt Alba (@mattalbaWCBD) October 5, 2015
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1LexR0N
A group of rogue Republican senators may be getting a taste of Jeffersonian democracy—and find themselves facing charges for treason.
A petition on the White House's website has received over 100,000 signatures in a single day, enough to mandate an official response from the president, and spark a trending hashtag in the process.
The petition calls for criminal charges against 47 senators who “committed a treasonous offense” in writing a menacing letter to the government of Iran, now in the middle of negotiations with President Obama aimed at reaching a nuclear energy agreement.
According to 18 U.S. Code § 953, half the US Senate committed a felony yesterday. https://t.co/c8s3B5huqG #47Traitors pic.twitter.com/jnMhMlpNQ0 — Jacopo della Quercia (@Jacopo_della_Q) March 10, 2015
The letter, penned by Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) and signed by 46 other Republican senators, warned Iran that any deal reached by the president could be undone by a future commander-in-chief “with the stroke of a pen.”
Iran's Foreign Minister Dr. Javad Zarif responded to the senators' letter, saying “in our view, this letter has no legal value and is mostly a propaganda ploy.”
The move, decried as highly unusual by a cover story in the New York Daily News, follows the highly unorthodox saga of Iran nuclear negotiations and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's uninvited address to Congress earlier this month.
The petition's legal basis is found under Chapter 18 of the U.S. Code §953, also known as the Logan Act. The law, passed in 1799 and revised in 1994, states:
Any citizen of the United States, wherever he may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both.
According to a 2006 report by the Library of Congress, no one has ever been prosecuted under the Logan Act, and only one person has ever been indicted under it: a Kentucky farmer in 1803.
Old as it is, the Logan Act still remains in effect as federal statute—it's the law of the land. Its application in actual criminal proceedings is unprecedented, but so is the groundswell of public outrage calling for politicians to be put behind bars. Being almost 100 years old hasn't stopped the Espionage Act being invoked to prosecute and convict several U.S. whistleblowers—including Chelsea Manning—even though it was originally intended to punish seditious spies sharing information with the enemy during World War I.
Mission accomplished, NYDN: #47Traitors now No. 1 trending topic in U.S.; Conservatives hit back with #47Patriots http://t.co/UlSziffq25 — TwitchyTeam (@TwitchyTeam) March 10, 2015
Just called my Senator who was a member of the #47Traitors Have you called yours? Don't let them jump to the next half-baked attack on Obama — Randy Prine (@randyprine) March 10, 2015
#47Traitors border on treason! Who do the Republicans think is going to fight the War they're instigating? http://t.co/io4ckUx8C1 — John Bees (@TUC7) March 10, 2015
For now the White House has to issue an official response to the petition, as it is required to do with all petitions on its online “We The People” platform that reach the threshold of 100,000 signatures.
Photo via Robert Banh/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
An arrest was made Tuesday evening in an apparent firebombing outside the Fort Worth office of a Democratic Texas state senator.
The Star-Telegram reported that Fort Worth Police made an arrest around 11 p.m. of the unidentified man in the case. State Sen. Wendy Davis (D-Fort Worth) had said that "homemade incendiary devices" were left outside her office door in a business park. Davis was not in the Senate office at the time of the incident.
WFAA reported that staffers heard the devices go off around 4 p.m. Texas time, and then discovered flames outside of the office. A Davis staffer was able to extinguish the fire after jumping over the flames, and no one was injured in the attack. Davis was taken from her Fort Worth law office by state police officials for her own protection Tuesday.
Davis, a former Fort Worth city councilwoman, was elected to the Texas Senate in 2008 and serves on committees overseeing education, transportation, homeland security, military installations and international relations. According to her official state biography she was named the 2009 "Rookie of the Year" in the legislature by Texas Monthly Magazine and has also been recognized by Texas Watch and AARP for her Senate work and is an expert on transportation issues.
Sadio Mane scores only his second goal in his past 23 Premier League appearances
Southampton's hopes of a European spot suffered a setback as they were held to a draw at Everton.
The visitors went close when a Shane Long header and a Dusan Tadic left-foot shot came off the woodwork.
However, centre-back Ramiro Funes Mori gave the home side the lead against the run of play with a deflected shot off Ryan Bertrand.
Southampton equalised when Sadio Mane swept in a shot and had to settle for a point despite plenty of pressure.
Relive the action from Goodison Park
Reaction from Saturday's other Premier League games
How did Everton warm up for a big week?
The dissent has been growing when it comes to Everton manager Roberto Martinez and the smattering of boos at full-time will have reminded him off that.
His side play Merseyside rivals Liverpool in the Premier League on Wednesday before a trip to Wembley for an FA Cup semi-final against Manchester United - two games which will either help his cause or add to the pressure on him.
Against Southampton, injury concerns and a suspension for midfielder James McCarthy saw him make six changes from a draw against Crystal Palace and his side spent most of the game fending off the south-coast side.
Striker Romelu Lukaku was not risked off the bench, although right-back Seamus Coleman having to go off injured with a hamstring problem will be a worry.
"It will be hard to see him being involved this week as that sort of injury takes longer than a week," said Martinez.
Martinez gave teenagers Callum Connolly and Tom Davies their debuts for the club and, despite his squad being stretched, the Blues earned a hard-fought point.
And, even though the draw did bring an end to a run of three successive home league defeats, Everton remain without a win in their past six top-flight games.
The average position of both sides showed Everton spent a lot of time in their own half
Can Saints make a late surge for the top four?
Before the match, Southampton manager Ronaldo Koeman had not ruled out the chance of his side finishing in the top four and possibly qualifying for the Champions League.
However, those hopes appear all but over as Saints are six points off fourth-placed Manchester City having played two games more going into their last four matches.
They had a chance to win at Goodison Park in the league for the first time since 1997 but failed to capitalise on Everton's personnel problems.
Southampton spent more than twice as long as Everton in the opposition third but failed to make the most of their pressure.
"If you look at the away goals that is the problem," said Koeman. "We have scored 14 goals away and that is not good enough."
Man of the match - Ramiro Funes Mori
Ramiro Funes Mori has scored four times in the Premier League this season - the only defender with more goals is Crystal Palace's Scott Dann (5)
'I accept the unrest'
Everton manager Roberto Martinez: "When you have to make five or six changes to our starting line-up, we look disjointed, rusty, and needed to find our normal rhythm. We overcame that lack of quality with incredible fight to get a positive result.
"Looking at our results at home, they are not anywhere near what is expected. We need to turn that around starting with understanding that the responsibility of being at Everton is to win games on a consistent basis. We haven't been producing the results and I accept the unrest."
Media playback is not supported on this device Martinez happy with 'hard-fought' point
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman: "I'm really disappointed because it was a big opportunity to win the game, right from the start. We had a lot of space to play but in the final part it wasn't good enough.
"At least we had a good reaction to going behind. We got one point but at this final part of the season it is not enough. We want to fight for Europe and it is not a step forward."
Media playback is not supported on this device Koeman 'disappointed' not to earn victory
The stats you need to know
Southampton have gone eight league games without a clean sheet, after a run of six consecutively.
Sadio Mane scored for only the second time in his past 23 Premier League appearances for Southampton.
The Toffees have won just one of their past 10 Premier Leagues games at Goodison Park (W1 D3 L6).
Everton have won just 17 points at home this season in the Premier League - their previous worst tally in a single season was 25 in 1996-97, which they can no longer reach this season.
Callum Connolly (18 years, six months and 24 days) is the youngest player to make their Premier League debut for Everton since Ross Barkley (17 years, eight months and 15 days) in August 2011.
What next?
Everton will make the short trip across Stanley Park to play Liverpool on Wednesday, while Southampton's next game is a trip to relegated Aston Villa on 23 April.
Ad blockers are not new for the app world. But this time, Apple has approved an ad blocker app for iOS that not only blocks ads in the Safari browser but also in native apps and even in Apple News and Facebook.
As first spotted by technology site TechCrunch, the app, called Been Choice, has been released on the App Store last week to allow users to easily block ads in the Safari browser as well as in most of the iOS apps. The app comes in two modes - Block mode and Earn mode. While the former mode provides users the ability to simply block ads in the web browser, the latter offers some "rewards and prizes" by asking users to participate in the provided surveys.
Block mode on Been Choice app provides two options - Block in Safari only and Block in Safari and Apps (using VPN profile). The second option, surprisingly, allows users to block all the ads being served in Apple News app, which the Cupertino giant released at the time of previewing iOS 9 earlier this year.
Although Apple had partnered with some of the mainstream content publishers like ESPN, The New York Times and CNN to let them create stories for Apple News app and generate revenue from native ads, the new development certainly puts a question mark on the revenue generation of all those content publishers.
The option to block ads in native apps makes Been Choice app a completely different package from all the existing ad blocking apps. In addition, the app blocks sponsored posts, native ads and pre-roll videos in news apps such as CNN and BBC News, as well as blocks all the ads shown in Facebook app.
Former McKinsey & Co employees Dave Yoon and Sang Shin have created Been Choice app with an aim to offer users a choice between ad blocking and sharing data to earn rewards. The app of course, delivers an ad-free experience to users but at the same time, content publishers and app developers have to compromise from the new offering.
Yoon claims that the app does not store user data on any servers and only headers and body are inspected to deliver the ad-free experience, though some data might be compromised when users switch to Earn mode. "While we inspect headers and the body, no user content is stored, and our filtering is done on the fly," Yoon said. "This approach may be more familiar in its corporate form. For example, companies use deep packet inspection on their managed devices to ensure that sensitive information never leaves internal corporate networks."
Users on iOS prior to iOS 9 were able to block ads using VPN services, but those techniques are no longer helpful on Apple's platform. However, the arrival of Been Choice app, in the form of an ad blocker app, suggests that more similar offerings would soon be available on the App Store to adversely affect the revenue generation of content publishers and app developers. This would also lead many developers to move to other mobile platforms, particularly Android, to generate revenue directly by serving ads in their apps.
The Canadian parliament attack was the "last desperate act" of someone who was "mentally unbalanced" rather than a jihadi inspired by propaganda emanating from Syria, the gunman's mother said.
In a lengthy letter to Canada's Postmedia News, which she said would be her last public statement, Susan Bibeau said she did not believe her son Michael Zehaf -Bibeau acted "on behalf of some grand ideology or for a political motive," and she doubted that he had wanted to travel to Syria to fight. She added: "I believe he acted in despair."
Miss Bibeau said: "For me, he was an unhappy person at odds with the world. In his ﬁnal days, I would add, mentally unbalanced. Religion and Islam was his way of trying to make sense of the world. I don't think he succeeded. It did not bring him peace. For me, mental illness is at the centre of this tragedy."
Miss Bibeau, a senior Canadian immigration official, said in the letter that she was 'horrified and sickened" by her son's murder of Corporal Nathan Cirillo, adding that the soldier's family were "in the front of my mind".
She confirmed that her son told her he once met a Canadian now fighting in Syria - believed to be Hasibullah Yusufzai - at the Masjid al-Salaam mosque near Vancouver.
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau killed a soldier before being shot dead in the parliament building. (AP)
But she said a public statement by Canadian police that Zehaf-Bibeau had wanted to go to Syria was based on a misunderstanding of what she told them. Police have now acknowledged the mistake.
In fact, her son told her at lunch a week before the attack, that he was trying to get to Saudi Arabia to study the Koran.
His application for a passport had already taken over a month and he had traveled to Ottawa from Vancouver to try to get it.
In her letter to Postmedia News, Miss Bibeau said: "He said that the shaytan (devil) was testing him. I believe his passport was refused and that pushed him into action. He felt cornered, unable to stay in the life he was in, unable to move on to the next one he wanted to go to. He was mad and felt trapped so the only way out was death.
"I believe he wanted death but wanted it not at his own hand because that would be wrong according to Islam. Maybe he also wanted to strike back at the government who had refused him."
Miss Bibeau added that her son was addicted to violent video games, like several previous gunmen who have carried out mass shootings in North America.
She told Postmedia News: "My son used to spend hours playing those war video games. In looking at the event it reminded me of that except that now it was real life, people were real and got hurt. The enormity of his actions never leave my mind."
DART police are investigating an attack where a 17-year old says he was threatened with a gun in an attempted robbery as he was headed home from school.
The victim says the attack happened around 5 p.m. on October 23. He said he hopped on the train downtown and was threatened by a man with a gun. He says he was ganged up on by three men, one with a gun, who tried to rob him of some jewelry. When he wouldn't give it up, the attack got more violent.
The teen didn't want his family's faces shown but says he rides DART every day after school, getting on at West End Station. He says he noticed a man motion to someone about the necklaces he was wearing.
“He signals to my chains again,” he recalled. “And I was like, ‘Man, he's gonna rob me.'”
The teen says the man then pulled out a gun and hit him.
“As I fell, I got back up and he hit me again. He grabbed me. He tried choking me,” he recalled. “They were all surrounding me, and as he was choking me. The other one was hitting me from the back, and they were trying to grab my chains.”
The teen says one of his attackers ran off the train near the convention center. He got off at the next stop and flagged down an officer for help.
“I'm just very upset,” the victim's mother said. “Your kid goes in the morning to school. You're hoping your kid comes back home safe and that he's secure on the way home.”
DART has faced criticism for other violent attacks where it failed to alert the public or withheld surveillance video of suspects still on the loose.
In July, cell phone video caught a mob beating a man on the Deep Ellum platform. So far, only four have been arrested. DART still has not released its platform video in that attack to help ID more suspects but says the investigation is still open.
In 2015, video of a suspected rapist at the Walnut Hill DART Station was not released until months later after the suspect was accused of raping again.
“I assumed being on the DART, especially in the downtown area, there's going to be some type of security on there,” the victim's mother said. “But obviously, there isn't.”
All DART platforms and buses have cameras, but the trains don't yet. A DART spokesperson says they're currently testing cameras on 19 trains. The goal is to have 48 trains equipped by April of next year and 115 more over the next two years.
The family says officers in their case are reviewing the only surveillance footage available from the platform, but haven't found anything yet.
“I have a lot of anger knowing they're still out there,” the victim said. “Because it could happen to someone else, and I don't want that to happen.”
DART also rolled out a new security app this year where riders can report incidents directly from their phones. But the agency was not able to say how many people are using the app or how many reports have been made.
The number of arrests for drink driving has increased by 34% in December.
A total of 738 people have been arrested since the start of the month, up more than a third on last year's figures.
On Christmas Day alone, 14 drivers were arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
Two people have died on the roads in the last week.
Meanwhile, more than 10,000 kilometres of Irish roads are under severe structural stress, according to a new report.
It suggests around €10bn would be needed to bring the roads system up to scratch.
The Irish Independent reports around 500 kilometres of regional roads fall into the most dangerous category.
Conor Faughnan from the AA said county councils had to properly invest in local infrastructure.
"Every year that passes by where there's under-investment, that's not a saving because eventually we're going to have to go back and repair those roads," he said.
This article is coauthored with Daniel Rubio, CTO of AirMap and the former CTO of road-mapping platform for autonomous vehicles HERE.
Last Wednesday, U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx announced a new advisory committee on autonomous vehicles. The committee's mission: develop recommendations for how automated technology can transform the way we move people and goods, on our roads and railroads and in our airspace.
Thinking about autonomous vehicles holistically is to be applauded. Yet automation on land still seems to dominate the conversation. You've likely seen the headlines about driverless cars, buses, and trains: Tesla launches Autopilot and Elon Musk proposes the Hyperloop. Google's driverless car logs 700,000 miles on the roads of California and Nevada. Toyota, BMW, Daimler, and others invest billions in technologies that could allow humans to take their hands off the wheel.
But it's another technology altogether that will dominate the future of autonomous navigation: drones. It is autonomous aircraft, not cars, that have the advantages that will make widespread adoption of vehicles without human operators possible in the very near future. Here are four reasons why the future of autonomy is about drones, not driverless cars.
1. We can design low-altitude airspace for drones, not humans.
From the very beginning, our network of roads, highways, bridges, and overpasses has been built on the premise of human drivers. The roadways are static, the street signs are static, and traffic flows much as it did when the first roads were mere dirt paths. If we designed our cities anew today, we'd create a fundamentally different traffic system: cloud-based and capable of microscale adjustments to efficiently manage millions of cars in constant communication with each other and the network.
An onboard driverless navigation system isn't enough to make a car autonomous; these vehicles will also need help from high definition maps, real-time road capture via computer vision, an integrated network that connects each car with other driverless vehicles, and a constant flow of information about obstacles, hazards, and traffic. And as driverless cars come online, they won't be replacing human-operated cars altogether. Instead, they will be sharing the roads…and with human drivers comes human error. Safe, autonomous driving will be difficult to accomplish until every car is a driverless one.
Low-altitude airspace, on the other hand, is largely untouched. As drones take to the skies, industry stakeholders have the opportunity to build a network that is designed to accommodate autonomous navigation from the very beginning: digital, connected, and data-driven.
2. Traveling in three dimensions offers more flexibility than two.
The path a car travels is often simpler than the one a drone must fly, but it is also lacking in flexibility.
Cars are constrained by the road itself, and by the two dimensions in which they travel: forward and backward, right and left. Drones have more degrees of freedom, able to maneuver in 400 feet of airspace. As autonomous flight becomes the norm, this means that adjusting routes to avoid obstacles, hazards, and other constraints will be far easier for a small, nimble drone than a car constrained by the lanes of the highway.
3. An open platform accelerates innovation.
Car companies have long competed with each other, and driverless technology is no exception. Autonomous navigation technology is being built vertically: each automaker is a closed system, making it difficult for second party developers (such as a contractor building a feature for a vehicle) or third party innovators (such as the inventors of a new app) to leverage autonomous vehicle platforms at scale.
We've seen before that open platforms can fast-track innovation. Consider the impact that the internet, the ultimate open platform, has had on our world. Or consider how Apple, one of the most ubiquitous tech companies in history, owes the success of the iPhone in large part to opening up the app store to third party developers.
This is a remarkable advantage for drones. Unmanned aircraft are part of a much more democratic system. While some drone technologies are proprietary, there is tremendous collaboration across platforms and between hardware manufacturers, software developers, and service providers. These partnerships will amplify and enable innovation for the entire industry because anyone can invent a solution that powers or is enabled by a drone.
4. An affordable technology is an accessible one.
The price of entry into the automotive market is incredibly steep, and the industry is full of established, well-funded players. In contrast, drones can be purchased at a wide range of price points, opening the ecosystem to many more innovators and entrepreneurs. Buying a drone to test a new application, experiment with a new business model, or start a new company is relatively affordable. The result: drone technology can be adopted quickly, drone businesses can iterate rapidly, and new innovations can take root.
Taken together, these advantages suggest that millions of autonomous drones will fly our skies long before millions of fully autonomous cars travel our roads.
Perhaps we might even ride in flying cars before we ride in driverless ones.
Gregory S. McNeal is a professor at Pepperdine University and co-founder of AirMap. Daniel Rubio is CTO of AirMap and the former CTO of road-mapping platform for autonomous vehicles HERE.
BY DANIEL GAITAN | daniel@lifemattersmedia.org
One of the nation's largest and most prestigious medical journals has published an article in support of physician-assisted suicide.
Terminally ill patients facing prolonged suffering should be allowed to end their lives with doctor-prescribed barbiturates, according to A Piece of My Mind, published in the September issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association. The op-ed was written by Dr. M. John Rowe III, who died in 2014 from drugs made available through Oregon's controversial Death With Dignity Act. He suffered from myelodysplastic syndrome disorder.
“Death can be easy or it can be utterly, devastatingly miserable,” Rowe wrote. “I believe it to be morally, ethically, humanely, and mercifully unconscionable that a dying person must accept prolonged suffering if that individual does not wish it.” He writes that so-called Death with Dignity legislation is needed because of the “myth” that hospice and palliative care can control physical and emotional suffering.
Soon after the article was posted online, Final Options Illinois (formerly known as the Hemlock Society), an organization advocating physician-assisted suicide, sent an email to supporters claiming that the “wall of opposition is starting to crack.” The organization is encouraging supporters to circulate copies of it among physicians.
The Chicago-based American Medical Association is the nation's largest organization of physicians and represents nearly 200,000 doctors, medical students and residents. It remains opposed to physician-assisted suicide.
“It is understandable, though tragic, that some patients in extreme duress – such as those suffering from a terminal, painful, debilitating illness – may come to decide that death is preferable to life,” according to an AMA statement sent to Life Matters Media. “However, allowing physicians to participate in assisted suicide would cause more harm than good. Physician-assisted suicide is fundamentally incompatible with the physician's role as healer, would be difficult or impossible to control, and would pose serious societal risks. ”
Physician-assisted suicide is legal in only a handful of states including Oregon (the first state to legalize the practice in 1997), Washington (passed by ballot measure), Vermont (passed by state Legislature), New Mexico and Montana (allowed by the courts).
Many physicians, bioethicists and religious leaders caution that physician-assisted suicide is incompatible with physicians' primary role as healer and would foster resentment towards sick people hoping to live as long as possible.
The sweeping anti-abortion bill working its way through the Kansas Legislature would levy a sales tax on women seeking abortions, including rape victims.
Buried in the 69-page bill being considered by the House Federal and State Affairs Committee are several provisions, in fact, that opponents say would increase taxes on those who seek abortions. The tax sections do not include exemptions for women who want an abortion after a sexual assault or to end a life-threatening pregnancy.
The committee is likely to continue discussing the bill Thursday afternoon.
Under the proposal, women who end up receiving abortions would not be able to deduct the cost of the abortion as a health care expense if they had not purchased special abortion insurance, said Sarah Gillooly of Planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri.
Last year, Kansas enacted a law removing abortion coverage from health insurance plans in general. Women can purchase a special rider to cover the procedure in advance of a pregnancy.
The bill would also levy a sales tax on abortion procedures, including those performed for rape victims, according to both Gillooly and Rep. Sean Gatewood (D-Topeka), the bill's leading opponent. The Kansas Department of Revenue's website says the state has a 6.3-percent sales tax.
Rep. Lance Kinzer (R-Olathe), the sponsor of the bill, did not return a call for comment. A Kinzer staffer said he rarely speaks to the press.
Among other provisions in the proposed legislation are measures allowing doctors to withhold from patients medical information that might encourage them to seek an abortion and prohibiting malpractice suits if the woman or the child suffers a health complication as a result of information being withheld. A wrongful death lawsuit could be filed if the mother dies. The bill also would require doctors to tell women that abortion causes breast cancer and would prohibit state employees from performing abortions on the job.
Language in the bill that could jeopardize the accreditation of the OB-GYN residency program at the University of Kansas Medical Center is unlikely to be amended during the committee's hearing Thursday.
Gillooly predicted the bill would create multiple enforcement issues for the Revenue Department. She said that the abortion deduction ban would allow state auditors to demand individuals' medical records in order to check that deductions were not being claimed for abortion procedures, which she said would violate medical privacy laws.
In addition, Gillooly suggested that the state could end up levying a sales tax on birth control as well under the provision. "How does Walgreens tax abortion medication and not birth control?" she asked rhetorically.
Opponents have asked that the bill be considered by the House Taxation Committee as well, because the federal affairs panel does not have tax expertise. But Rep. Gatewood, who serves on both committees, said it's unlikely that will happen. The Federal and State Affairs Committee deals with a host of issues including abortion, bingo licenses, immigration, land surveying, strip clubs and alcohol.
Rep. Steve Brunk (R-Wichita), chairman of the federal affairs panel, did not return a call for comment.
Gatewood said that if he and others in the House can't stop the bill, they hope the state Senate, which is controlled by a more moderate Republican faction, can stop it. Gov. Sam Brownback (R) has told HuffPost that he will sign the bill.
"Basic life-saving stuff, they can't use their insurance on. It is not birth control. It is a matter of life and death," Gatewood said. "I don't know what these people are thinking or if they're thinking."
Update: 3:19 p.m. -- The Federal and State Affairs Committee of the Kansas House has postponed discussion of the abortion bill until Monday.
Rep. Gatewood said that Chairman Brunk announced at the start of Thursday afternoon's committee meeting that the delay will allow legislators more time to review the University of Kansas Medical Center accreditation issue and to draft possible amendments on the issue. Gatewood said that the committee meeting instead will focus primarily on alcohol-related bills, including one to legalize wine tastings in the state.
Update: The Guardian linked to this story from 2013, so expect lots of salty, bitter, angry feminists shrieking like the harpies they are in the comments. Just ignore them. Like toddlers having tantrums, they settle down when they realize no one cares how hard they pitch their hissy.
Trigger warning: holy shit, this pisses me off.
So two of the boys involved in the Steubenville “rape” case were found guilty and will now face imprisonment and a lifetime membership on the Registered List of Sex Offenders. That is a tragedy for the boys, for justice and for the victims of actual rape. As we go through this case, ask yourself who benefits from this verdict, and why.
http://www.cnn.com/2013/03/17/justice/ohio-steubenville-case/index.html?hpt=hp_inthenews
Most of the facts in this case seem relatively incontrovertible: a young woman, who was not part of the regular social group, went to a football party, in a town mad for football, got trashed out of her mind, voluntarily accompanied two of the biggest football stars to another party, passed out and then got treated like a whore.
http://judgybitch.com/2012/12/18/a-shit-faced-drunk-girl-a-football-star-and-a-vigilante-feminist-the-makings-of-a-fairy-tale/
In a moment of mind-numbing stupidity, the boys opted to film their “assault” on the girl, which involved fingering her while she was passed out. Rather than leave her in a ditch somewhere, they carried her around to different locations, none of which had any adult supervision.
What the fuck, Steubenville? Where are all the goddamn grown-ups?
The law in Ohio states that ANY penetration, however slight, constitutes rape. Let's start there. Comparing a stupid, drunk, helmet-chasing whore who gets fingered while passed out to an actual rape victim is completely and utterly absurd.
This is rape:
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/12/28/indian-gang-rape-victim-dies-hospital_n_2377717.html
So is this:
http://haysfreepress.com/2012/05/07/florida-man-extradited-in-hays-county-brutal-rape-case/#axzz2NtuPnHlh
And this:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Park_Jogger_case
Comparing those cases, or any of the other truly brutal rapes to what happened in Steubenville is comparing this:
To this
Anyone who stood around moaning that the slight fender bender they got into at the mall is comparable to a fiery, multiple car crash on the interstate would immediately be dismissed as the most self-absorbed narcissist lacking any kind of empathy or perspective. We have a word to describe people like that: we call them assholes.
Now, the girl in Steubenville is claiming she didn't actually drink all that much, and someone must have drugged her! Toxicology tests? NEGATIVE.
Oh my! You mean she's a lying little tramp desperately trying to avoid ANY culpability for what happened to her? Well color me shocked.
Defense attorneys say a toxicology report performed a day later showed no signs of drugs.
http://abcnews.go.com/US/steubenville-rape-trial-witness-testifies-recording-alleged-assault/story?id=18738378
The most telling thing about this whole case is that multiple people saw the little tramp passed out and carried about by a couple of douchey guys, and make no mistake, those boys behaved shamefully. Part of having the adulation and admiration that comes along with being a small town football star is not to abuse that power when the little gold-digging status whores come a-calling, and those boys failed.
Punishment > Crime
That girl had no friends at the party, not one person had enough respect for her to step in, she was not part of the social tribe and there is no way in hell she did not know that. She went to that party to nab herself a football player, and lo and behold, the football players didn't really like such an obvious grasp at their glory.
Find yourself another wagon to hitch to, little star.
The saddest thing is that the boys sobbingly admit that they ruined her life! They are accused of having “no moral code”! Oh, and the girl had an impeccable one, did she?
RUINED HER LIFE?!?!
Are you fucking kidding me? They are going to jail! They will be registered sex offenders! They are convicted criminals! One night of behaving like assholes will follow them the rest of their lives, and HER LIFE IS RUINED?
Her life is not ruined in the slightest. LittleTramp is free to go about her life, getting as drunk as she likes, chasing after any high-status males she likes, and securing criminal convictions against men who treat her like the whore she is.
God help the varsity athletes at whatever college campus she ends up on, and no doubt LittleTramp will get back on her feet after suffering a little humiliation and continue on with her life because SHE'S RUINED.
The young men in this case will never escape the disgustingly unfair consequences of a night of acting like dicks, while the young woman will carry on, unless she feels she isn't getting quite enough sympathy, of course. Cue the Prozac and therapy!
You know what we need? We need a Drunk Whore Registry. If sex offenders are registered for the protection of all women, then why not register drunk whores for the protection of all men? It's true that men could protect themselves by not acting like dicks, but combine small-town celebrity with lots of alcohol and no adult supervision, and you WILL get men acting like assholes and women acting like sluts.
When we only punish one side on that equation, we have a serious cultural problem. Men are held to account for their irresponsible decisions made while young and stupid and drunk, but women are not? Most crimes acknowledge explicitly that mitigating circumstances create different categories of crime with correspondingly progressive punishments. Why is rape different?
The punishment these boys face, which will be in effect for THE REST OF THEIR LIVES is way out of proportion to the “crime”. The definition of rape in Ohio is so broadly defined that the act of being a dickhead is now as serious as the act of fucking a woman forcibly and against her will. And if you don't think there is a material difference between getting fingered and getting fucked, you are probably a feminist.
Getting drunk and chasing after football stars demonstrates level of stupidity and disrespect for the humanity of the men in question (who are valued only for their status), and that disrespect was returned. But only the boys are held responsible for that.
I say bullshit. No one got raped in Steubenville. Someone got humiliated, and she participated willingly and readily in her own humiliation. Turning stupid decisions made by high-school students into criminal acts with consequences that will follow only ONE party for their rest of their lives is deeply unfair, and when fingering a slut at an alcohol fuelled party is put in the same category as violent sexual assault, the real victims are drowned in a chorus of pathetic mewlings of women who didn't get to bag the star.
Who thinks that if the young woman had woken up the next morning next to the football player, his arms wrapped around her in a loving embrace, she would have considered that the price she had to pay to land the big fish?
Steubenville: sour fucking grapes.
Not just sour, bitter, too. But only for the men.
How is that justice? Who is served when those boys are locked up? Who is protected? Who wins? How ironic is it that the adults who were NOT present to lend some sanity to what their own children were up to are now fully involved to make certain only the boys are punished?
People make stupid decisions. Especially when they are young. They act like idiots. They treat other people with a lack of respect. They behave shamefully. It happens. Holding boys, and only boys responsible, moves justice from being blind to being blatantly sexist. When justice can only see one sex as guilty, it's time to put out her eyes again.
Sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind.
Lots of love,
JB
Lilian Pizzichini asks, is Lowestoft the most depressing town in England?
Posted by Lilian Pizzichini
When Lincoln Allison recently visited Suffolk he found the quintessence of Englishness; when Lilian Pizzichini visited she found the most depressing town in England.
Lowestoft is England's most easterly point and one of its most depressing. To walk up the high street is to experience the death of small-town life as we used to know it.
I remember Streatham High Street in the late 1970s. It had everything: a department store with haberdashery and cream cakes, a library with books in font sizes other than large, a quirky bookshop, spangled boutiques, family-owned restaurants, the Cats' Whiskers discotheque, two cinemas (ABC and Odeon) and an ice rink. There was a strong Italian contingent as well, with a deli and trattorias to choose from. The pubs attracted varying clientele - the tweedy suburbans, the fashionable Lacoste crowd, and the rough and readies. It was a high street with character, like any other in England at that time.
The main point of interest in Lowestoft High Street was a group of middle-aged, faded revolutionaries selling the Socialist Worker outside W. H. Smith. That's how dead Lowestoft is.
I tried the seafront: the beach was very clean, the tea shoppes sold fresh cakes and crabs, Tarot readings and rock. But the air reeked with stagnation. The sea itself was seagull grey with taupe stripes where the rays of the sun penetrated the murk of the clouds. The sun here is harsh rather than warming.
The "Sunshine Coast" is the promotional line the Suffolk tourist board is plugging. It is the country's driest region with record sunshine, and the Claremont Pier, the tourist brochure tells you, is the first point to greet the dawn. It is also for sale. Included in the lot are an amusement arcade containing 150 machines, ground-floor bar and restaurant, and first-floor nightclub. When I visited on a Friday night, apart from the amusement arcade, they were all closed.
The town has a rich heritage based on its fishing port the brochure says. I could not find it. I looked out to sea and saw a dredger dredging up mud. Admiring the spectacle was a railway enthusiast from North London here to see "The Special" arriving at 1.30pm - a diesel engine - all the way from Birmingham. I found the high spot of Lowestoft on the Kirkcliff promenade leading away from the town centre: Vasco de Gama, a Portuguese café. Maria Sol cooked me clams with garlic, olive oil and coriander. The clams were from the freezer, probably imported from Portugal, but the atmosphere was rustic and her customers friendly and surprised that an English person had ventured into their café.
They walk in and walk straight out again,
said Maria Sol. But this small Portuguese community is thriving. We have to trust to entrepreneurial immigrants to bring our dead high streets back to life.
My Friday night journey continued to a "contemporary wine bar" where the contemporary barman asked me if I wanted a "large" glass of contemporary wine. I asked for a "normal" glass and was served my wine in a super-sized 250ml glass. My solitary measure of Merlot was dwarfed by the bowl of the glass. But this is what contemporary bars do: they encourage their customers to drink in large quantities whilst proffering the illusion of sophistication.
In the 1980s oil and gas industries were the main employers in Lowestoft. Now it's Bernard Matthews and Bird's Eye, purveyors of all that is bad in English cuisine. Lowestoft, along with Great Yarmouth, is the subject of county council regeneration plans. This would seem to mean a concrete shopping mall for Lowestoft and a "Super Casino" for Great Yarmouth. Like the super glass of wine, the super casino offers instant gratification for a jaded populace.
Having read Lincoln Allison's review of Suffolk, I did not recognise the county he celebrates for its Englishness. But I did recognise its flatness. Pubs bordering Lowestoft, in Blundeston and Oulston Broad, had Sky TV and fine microwaved fayre. The Englishness I found was living in a past as flat as its beer and unsure as to its future. Maybe it is a feature of Englishness to be unimaginative and ascetic - when it comes to food, unless you're a "foodie", that is almost certainly the case. In the rest of western Europe, there is no such thing as a foodie. Everyone, not just Jamie-Oliver wannabes in Tesco, likes the finest ingredients.
Further inland, I discovered a village called Somerleyton. A man in a pub told me that Lord Somerleyton was in the "Queen's inner circle" and owns most of the countryside around these parts. I went to his estate. His son, Hugh Crossley, employs around 100 local people in the Somerleyton farm, restaurant and hotel. He told me that his family bought the estate in the 1860s. They were self-made industrialists looking for leisure and space. The hall was bought as a pleasure palace and the land looked after itself - or rather tenant farmers did.
Hugh decided to assume his ancestors' spirit of entrepreneurialism. He has transformed his estate into a nearly self-sufficient fiefdom. The estate is regenerating itself, borrowing from local tourism models but respecting the land and its people. I stayed in a woodland lodge bordering a lake, surrounded by rhododendrons and bluebells. What struck me was that the Vasco de Gama and Hugh Crossley have a lot in common. On a small scale, and in their own way, they are regenerating English society.
Lilian Pizzichini's first book, Dead Men's Wages, published by Picador, won the 2002 Crime Writers Association Gold Dagger for Non-Fiction. She is currently writing a biography of the novelist Jean Rhys for Bloomsbury.
The Japanese financial services group SBI Group has announced a partnership with Huobi to engage in cryptocurrency.
he would launch a virtual currency exchange early next year.
Huobi is expected to benefit from increased exposure to Japanese markets in light of the closing of the stock market in China, as reported by Nikkei Asian Review.
… The trading system and the know-how of the operations of the company, which has a four-year management history, will be put to good use, "says the announcement. Virtual currency transactions are expanding rapidly, we will use our highly secure system as a weapon to attract customers. "
Japan has quickly turned into a crypto-currency paradise in recent months. to be inundated by the demands of Chinese nomadic companies that no longer have domestic market.
This week, the country said it would follow US regulators by allowing trade Bitcoin futures, something that he would do "as soon as possible"
Huobi meanwhile aims to open trade in Hong Kong, Singapore and Korea, although they adopt an attitude increasingly hostile to the negotiation of cryptocurrency
“This is, indeed, progress,” smiles Jimmy Havoc, British wrestling's most vicious and malevolent antagonist as he reflects on the dramatic upswing in attendance live shows in the UK have enjoyed during the course of his career.
“I've been in this business for 12 years now and when you're used to getting 50 – 100 in, you could have a show with 200 people watching and be over the moon. Now if you're doing a show you might be disappointed with 500 in!”
Tomorrow afternoon, nearly 2,500 fans will fill the Brixton O2 Academy with profane and comedic chants as the critically-acclaimed PROGRESS Wrestling presents their biggest show ever. Having mounted their first event in March 2012, the exceptional punk rock pro wrestling hotbed is swiftly accelerating live operations beyond their Camden base in north London to Manchester and Birmingham, as well as internationally.
Jimmy, however, is not scheduled to wrestle at ‘Chapter 36: We're Gonna Need a Bigger Room… Again' in south London. On hiatus from PROGRESS since last September, he suffered a devastating knee injury – “the worst pain I've felt, despite my reputation being built on a lot of death matches” – not long into his break from the standout independent promotion.
Havoc, 32, has been one of PROGRESS' most significant lynchpin performers, with his gradual transition from a likeable but ineffectual company mascot to violently psychopathic main eventer never less than terrifyingly absorbing.
Be warned: all videos on this page contain strong language and violence
Crushed he won't be in the ring himself on Sunday, Jimmy is still supremely proud of the contributions made by all involved with PROGRESS over the last four and a half years that have made the company such a hot attraction.
“Growing up and about in London as a fan of punk rock and metal, the places I used to go to for gigs were [former and current PROGRESS home venues] The Garage, The Electric Ballroom and Brixton Academy. Having gone on to perform in or headline at the first two, I think that's why I'm so gutted about Brixton. It is very upsetting.
“More importantly though, it's going to be exciting day for all of us.
“Whether we've been there from the start or have come through the ProJo training or have only recently got involved, we can say: ‘We made this. We helped build this. This is all of our hard work.' And this is a moment where that all pays off.”
Havoc's betrayal of ring announcer Jim Smallman at Chapter Nine in September 2013 was so brutal and unexpected that on demand replays cannot capture the collective feeling of guts lurching in those who watched it unfold live.
Often pinpointed as the turning point that launched PROGRESS to new audiences, Jimmy's horrific assault proved to be only a taster of the foul acts he perpetrated in a year-long, compelling reign which also proved a star-making rivalry for ‘Aerial Assassin' Will Ospreay.
Surprisingly, Jimmy reveals the man behind Havoc's deranged but entirely convincing barbarism – for example, forcing PROGRESS management to give him a shot at their top championship by dousing titleholder Mark Andrews in lighter fluid – was wracked with self-doubt before commanding the top spot.
“God, no,” he replies when asked if he felt he had nailed the first stage of his transformation at Chapter Nine.
Hinting he was reluctant to become champion, Jimmy continues: “Literally every single show, I had terrible nerves. At this point we'd done ten sellouts before I won the title and I was worried that could end with me.”
That run of capacity crowds did not end with Chapter Eleven. Although PROGRESS also run events for wrestlers in training, the Chapters are the prime canonical shows. A few more walk ups to Brixton tomorrow will ensure that run of sellouts – many racked up within minutes of tickets going on sale – will continue.
Jimmy continues: “Turning heel on Jim, that's the most emotional I've ever been. I hadn't been a heel before, and I didn't know whether it was going to work. I told the promoters: ‘This could be game over. We could never sell out again.'”
“Then we moved from The Garage, where there were three hundred or so fans, to The Electric Ballroom and sold that out.”
He continues: “Then there was always the problem of, as champion in the main event, I'm going on last. After all these other spectacular matches on the card, the pressure of being in that slot was difficult.
“Not only to be able to perform at that level and put on a match that's worthy of being in that position, but trying to do something people haven't done.
“But it made me a lot more creative. And my most abiding memory of PROGRESS will probably always be that first Ballroom show where we doubled our audience.
“I was still feeling like I wasn't decent enough to be champion or whatever but when I walked out to 700 people screaming at me that I was a c***, all with their middle fingers extended… that made me quite happy!”
Although Jimmy's scintillating work has helped elevate PROGRESS and bring about more international attention, the focus remains on everybody moving forward together – as befits the company's name and inclusive philosophy.
“PROGRESS has always been my favourite place to wrestle, 100%. Ever since we started, purely because of the ethos of punk rock pro wrestling,” says Jimmy.
“As freelance performers, that's basically what we do. We're all independent. We're all trying to make it for ourselves, there are no big people backing us.
“We're doing this together as a group to try and make it a success. From day one, [PROGRESS co-owerners] Jim Smallman, Jon Briley and Glen Joseph and I worked together to make my story as good we possibly could.”
Broadening his point, Jimmy adds: “I think we're all finding our voices, here in this country, a lot more. Instead of trying to copy what other people – particularly in the US – have done, we're sticking with what we do. We've found our own gimmicks, we've found our own characters.
“The fact that we've had Will Ospreay win [New Japan tournament] Best of the Super Juniors, the fact that Zack Sabre Jr is clearing up in tournaments for wXw and PWG… PROGRESS has just done an international tour with Smash Wrestling in Canada and there are going to be shows in Orlando during Wrestlemania week, too. This is all because PROGRESS and PROGRESS fans have come to expect the very best.
“The brand of PROGRESS is so strong now, you know if you buy a ticket you're going to get an amazing show – it almost doesn't matter who is on there.
“It has got to the point where they can sell out an entire show without announcing a single match. And you know there's no chance of the promoters putting on a crap show because of how loyal fans are to PROGRESS and the goodwill and trust that's been built up with the audience.”
Havoc's creative influence extends beyond the ring and his unflinchingly ferocious YouTube scenarios, some of which you can view by clicking here. He's also had a hand in training up and coming stars for PROGRESS, recommending three of his students as talents set to carve out prominent roles in 2017's increased event schedule.
“Pastor William Eaver, he's done very well. He's one of mine,” says Jimmy.
“Sebastian, as well. He's been gone for a while but he's going to shine at Brixton.
“And then there's Jinny. She gets huge reactions… probably because she's very good at copying me,” he jokes.
“She always wants to learn, she's always asking questions and constantly wanting to get better. That's a very important part of becoming a wrestler – and succeeding in PROGRESS.”
Those high standards could determine when and if Havoc – who has a “couple of months” before he's signed off by doctors – returns to the ring.
He teases: “I've always said I do want to come back, but only if it is a decent enough story.”
* Tickets for ‘Chapter 36: We're Gonna Need a Bigger Room… Again' at Brixton O2 Academy are available from www.livenation.co.uk. For more details, click on the link and visit @ThisIs_Progress on Twitter.
Brit WWE Cruiserweight Classic star Zack Sabre Jr and NXT's Tommaso Ciampa poised for best of three falls thriller at PROGRESS – read the full preview here
2 Jimmy Havoc draws in Will Ospreay for a Rainmaker [Credit: Rob Brazier www.robbrazierphoto.com] – Jimmy Havoc draws in Will Ospreay for a Rainmaker [Credit: Rob Brazier www.robbrazierphoto.com]
File: The many lanes of traffic through Tysons, with both the HOTlanes and the regular lanes of the Capital Beltway. (Robert Thomson/Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
The Fairfax County Board of Supervisors on Tuesday approved the creation of a traffic management group in Tysons Corner geared toward getting commuters to use local buses and the Metrorail Silver Line that is scheduled to start service later this month.
The effort, to be overseen by the Tysons Partnership business group, is part of a larger attempt to convert the traffic-choked neighborhood of shopping malls and office towers into a pedestrian-friendly community with bike lanes and trails.
The area currently sees about 100,000 cars per day, a number expected to increase as more people move into new high-rise apartment buildings and office towers planned over the next few decades.
With new roads and other infrastructure improvements also planned, logistical challenges are likely for drivers trying to get in and out of the neighborhood, transportation officials said.
For example, a more narrow grid of streets planned for the neighborhood may prove to be challenging for delivery truck drivers used to navigating the broader suburban style roads that now wrap around Tysons, said Abraham Lerner, a supervisor with the Virginia Department of Transportation who is helping to coordinate traffic improvements in the area.
It would be up to local building owners to tell those drivers to use smaller trucks, Lerner said.
“That's going to be a learning process,” he said, anticipating a small increase in traffic congestion for a few years. “We don't anticipate it to be foolproof.”
Aaron Georgelas, a partner at the Georgelas Group, which plans to build 17 buildings in Tysons, said the new traffic management group will analyze ways to reduce congestion in the area. A 25-story apartment complex being co-developed by Georgelas is nearing completion.
The transportation group plans to develop a Web site for commuters that will post options for van pools, carpools and ride-share programs, Georgelas said.
“We're going to become the nucleus of helping people manage their commutes in and out,” said Georgelas, a board member at Tysons Partnership.
The group will operate with about $65,000 per year expected to be raised by developers, according to county documents.
UNDATED - In this undated image provided by the U.S. Army, Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl poses in front of an American flag. U.S. officials say Bergdahl, the only American soldier held prisoner in Afghanistan, was exchanged for five Taliban commanders being held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, according to published reports. Bergdahl is in stable condition at a Berlin hospital, according to the reports. (Photo by U.S. Army via Getty Images) In this undated image provided by the U.S. Army, Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl poses in front of an American flag. (credit: U.S. Army via Getty Images)
— Three former members of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl's platoon spoke to The Associated Press on Tuesday about Bergdahl's disappearance, his freedom and how he should be treated now that he's out. The interviews were facilitated by a public relations firm, Capitol Media Partners, co-owned by Republican strategist Richard Grenell. All three men said Bergdahl should be investigated for desertion. Army Secretary John McHugh said Tuesday that after Bergdahl has recovered, the Army will “review” the circumstances of his disappearance.
Taliban Video: Bergdahl Returned to U.S. Forces After 5 Years
__
Joshua Cornelison, 25, who was a medic in the platoon:
Cornelison said Bergdahl was unusually reluctant to talk to fellow soldiers about his personal life or his background.
“He was very, very quiet. He kept everything very close to the vest,” Cornelison said, speaking from Sacramento, California. “So, after he actually left, the following morning we realized we have Bergdahl's weapon, we have Bergdahl's body armor, we have Bergdahl's sensitive equipment (but) we don't have Bowe Bergdahl.” At that point, Cornelison said, it occurred to him that Bergdahl was “that one guy that wanted to disappear, and now he's gotten his wish.”
Cornelison, who completed his Army service in 2012, said he believes Bergdahl should be held accountable.
“Bowe Bergdahl needs to be held 100 percent accountable for all of his irresponsibility and all of his actions. He willfully deserted his post and he needs to be held accountable for that,” he said.
__
Evan Buetow, 27, who was a sergeant in the platoon:
Buetow, speaking from Maple Valley, Washington, said Bergdahl had asked him a number of questions a short time before his disappearance that, in retrospect, make it apparent that Bergdahl had been planning to leave.
Bergdahl asked him, for example, how much of a cash advance he could get and how to go about mailing home his personal computer and other belongings. He also asked what would happen if his weapon and other sensitive items such as night vision goggles went missing. He said he told Bergdahl that, as any soldier would know, that would be “a big deal.”
“At the time … it wasn't really alarming” to hear Bergdahl ask about those things, Buetow said. “Yes, it was a kind of off-the-wall question,” but the notion of a fellow soldier running off during the night seemed so far-fetched as to not be possible, he said.
Buetow said he feels strongly that Bergdahl should face trial for desertion, but he said it is less clear that he should be blamed for the deaths of all soldiers killed during months of trying to find him. Beutow said he knows of at least one death on an intelligence-directed infantry patrol to a village in search of Bergdahl. More broadly, the mission of his entire unit changed after Bergdahl's disappearance because it began to incorporate efforts to pursue clues to his whereabouts.
“Those soldiers who died on those missions, they would not have been where they were … if Bergdahl had never walked away,” he said. “At the same time I do believe it is somewhat unfair for people to say, ‘It is Bergdahl's fault that these people are dead.' I think that's a little harsh.”
___
Matt Vierkant, 27, of Sioux Falls, South Dakota, was a team leader of another squad in Bergdahl's platoon.
He's now out of the military and studying mechanical engineering.
Soldiers from his unit and other units were wounded or killed on missions to chase down leads related to Bergdahl, he said.
Asked about the statement Sunday by National Security Adviser Susan Rice that Bergdahl served “with honor and distinction,” he said: “That statement couldn't be further from the truth. I don't know if she was misinformed or doesn't know about the investigations and everything else, or what.”
He said Bergdahl's fellow soldiers knew within five or 10 minutes from the discovery of disappearance that he had walked away. In retrospect the signs were there, he said, but there was nothing so definitive that would have prompted action.
“He said some strange things, like, ‘I could get lost in those mountains,' which, at the time, that doesn't really strike you as someone who is going to leave their weapon and walk out.”
Vierkant said he believes it's paramount that an investigation determine whether Bergdahl deserted or collaborated with the enemy.
“It shouldn't even be a question of whether, it should question of when,” he said.
(© Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
NPA makes the biggest haul of guns in raid on Butuan City security agency
By Franklin A. Caliguid, Inquirer Mindanao, Wednesday, April 25th, 2012
BUTUAN CITY, Philippines—The National Democratic Front said Wednesday that Monday's raid by New People's Army guerrillas on the headquarters of a security agency serving mining companies here resulted in the largest firearms haul for the rebels in years.
While NDF Mindanao spokesman Jorge Madlos did not say just how large the haul from the Earth Savers Security Agency at Aruville Subdivision in Barangay Libertad here was, police said the raiders carted away 46 AK-47 rifles, 3 M-14 sniper rifles, 10 shotguns, 10 9-millimeter pistols and an unspecified amount of ammunition.
Superintendent Martin Gamba, spokesperson of the Caraga police, said at least 20 NPA rebels in two vehicles arrived at the security agency's headquarters, which is about two kilometers from the regional police headquarters, at around 8:30 p.m.
Gamba said the rebels gained entrance by posing as National Bureau of Investigation agents and presenting search warrants. They then disarmed the four guards on duty, he said.
Gamba admitted that the police failed to catch up with the fleeing rebels but an operation against them was continuing as of Wednesday.
“Investigations are also ongoing,” Gamba said.
Madlos, also known as Ka Oris, said in a statement that the volume of guns the rebels seized was so large it was considered the NPA's biggest haul in years.
He said the NPA decided to target the security agency, owned by retired police official Cesar Nario, because its guards were involved in the harassment of oppositors to a Chinese-owned mining company in Trento, Agusan del Sur.
“The security agency committed rampant abuses and harassment against civilians and lumads, who are opposed to mining,” Madlos told the Inquirer.
Madlos also branded the security agency as a “private army in disguise.”
Monday's raid came barely a week after the NDF celebrated its 39th anniversary on April 24.
The NPA is known to carry similar raids when an organization under the Communist Party of the Philippines observes important events such as anniversaries.
On April 9, just 11 days after the NPA anniversary on March 29, communist rebels posing as soldiers also stormed the police station of Tigbao in Zamboanga del Sur and seized at least seven M16 rifles, an M14 assault rifle and a 9-mm pistol.
On December 16, a few days before the CPP's anniversary on December 26, five soldiers were killed while two others were injured when NPA rebels stormed a military detachment in Tandag, Surigao del Sur.
————————————————
This guy may be thrilled with Trump's performance, but he and his friends may not be enough for Trump's party.
An awful lot of what the Trump administration and most congressional Republicans seem preoccupied with doing this year revolves around keeping the president's “base” happy. And it's worked pretty well, as multiple polls showing Trump voters generally satisfied would tend to indicate. But although paying attention to one's own past voters is typically a good idea, it's not enough to guarantee a winning Republican performance in 2018. As Harry Enten demonstrates via some standard history and arithmetic, the Trump base is too small to overwhelm the majority of Americans who are not happy with his performance unless turnout patterns are very strange. Here's his key argument:
The president's party has lost at least 83 percent of voters who disapprove of the president's job in every midterm since 1994. In none did the president's party win more than 87 percent of those who approved of the president's job. These statistics are not good news for Republicans if Trump's current approval rating (40 percent among voters) and current disapproval rating (55 percent) holds through the midterm. Even if Trump's Republican Party wins the recent high watermark of 87 percent of those who approve of the job the president is doing and loses only 83 percent of those who disapprove, Republicans would still lose the House popular vote by 7 percentage points. That could be enough for them to lose the House.
Now there are some qualifiers for that analysis. At Enten himself notes, House Republicans did marginally better than Trump in 2016, so they might do marginally better than a breakdown of voters who do and don't approve of Trump's job performance would suggest. Just as importantly, we have no idea yet whether the apparent “enthusiasm gap” benefiting Democrats right now will offset the traditionally poor midterm turnout patterns of demographic groups currently leaning Democratic. Similarly, most polls measuring early assessments of Trump's job performance do not include screening for likelihood to vote; many do not even screen for voter registration. So they may understate Trump's popularity among the people who are actually going to show up at the polls next year.
Having said all that, a president as polarizing as Donald Trump — one who has, moreover, worked to guarantee bad press for himself by endlessly attacking the media and defying all conventional ideas of presidential behavior — is not going to make it easy for Republicans to minimize the usual midterm trend against the party that controls the White House. Presidential job approval is highly correlated with midterm elections results; the only two times since World War II when the White House party has gained House seats in a midterm (the back-to-back elections of 1998 and 2002), the president had very high job approval ratings. It's a lead-pipe cinch Republicans will lose seats next year, and the only question is how many. So they'd best find a way to make nice with voters who have not and will never wear those red MAGA hats.
Texas Governor Rick Perry attends a ceremony at the residence of Israeli President Shimon Peres in Jerusalem, Israel, October 23, 2013. Governor Perry and Chancellor John Sharp of Texas A&M University announced plans to open a branch of Texas A&M University in Nazareth - Peace Campus. It will be the first comprehensive international university of the first class to open in the state of Israel. The student population of the university will be a combination of Arab, Jewish and international students.UPI/Debbie Hill | License Photo
Republican presidential candidate Rick Perry participates in the ABC News, Yahoo! News, WMUR Republican Presidential Debate on the campus of Saint Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire on January 7, 2011. New Hampshire will hold the first-in-the-nation primary on January 10. UPI/Kevin Dietsch | License Photo
Texas Governor Rick Perry attends a ceremony at the residence of Israeli President Shimon Peres in Jerusalem, Israel, October 23, 2013. Governor Perry and Chancellor John Sharp of Texas A&M University announced plans to open a branch of Texas A&M University in Nazareth - Peace Campus. It will be the first comprehensive international university of the first class to open in the state of Israel. The student population of the university will be a combination of Arab, Jewish and international students.UPI/Debbie Hill | License Photo
Texas Governor Rick Perry chats before listening to US President Barack Obama speak to the National Governors Association in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington, DC, on February 24, 2014. The governors are in DC for their winter meeting. UPI/Jim Lo Scalzo/Pool | License Photo
Texas Governor Rick Perry delivers remarks during the 2014 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), on March 7, 2014 in National Harbor, Maryland. UPI/Molly Riley | License Photo
Texas Governor Rick Perry arrives at the Second Annual Champions of Jewish Values Awards Gala in New York City on May 18, 2014. UPI/Dennis Van Tine | License Photo
AUSTIN, Texas, Aug. 15 (UPI) -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry was indicted Friday on two counts of abuse of official capacity and coercion of a public servant, court documents indicated.
A Travis County grand jury handed down the two felony counts late Friday.
The indictments stem from an incident last year in which Perry vetoed the $7.5 million biennial funding for the Travis County Public Integrity Unit. He had threatened to withhold the money unless District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg resigned.
The Public Integrity Unity is a state-funded part of the Travis County District Attorney's Office. It investigates public corruption and at the time was investigating one of Perry's projects.
RELATED Texas abortion clinics challenge surgical center requirement
Perry had said he didn't believe the state should fund an office directed by someone who didn't have the public's trust, referring to a Lehmberg's drunk driving arrest in 2013.
Lehmberg refused to resign after pleading guilty to the drunk driving charge, served 45 days in prison and completing an alcohol treatment program.
Perry's people said he used his constitutional authority to veto the funds to the Public Integrity Unit and didn't violate abuse of power.
If found guilty of the two charges, Perry faces up to 109 years in prison.
Following the announcement of the indictment, Gilberto Hinojosa, chairman of the Texas Democratic Party, issued a statement calling for the governor to resign.
"Governor Rick Perry has brought dishonor to his office, his family and the state of Texas. Texans deserve to have leaders that stand up for what is right and work to help families across Texas. The indictment today shows a failure of Governor Perry to follow the law. This is systematic of a broader problem: Ken Paxton is facing a possible indictment and Attorney General Abbott has refused to rule on whether Governor Perry can use taxpayer dollars to cover his legal expenses. We call on Governor Perry to immediately step down from office. Texans deserve real leadership and this is unbecoming of our Governor," the statement read.
Tesla's solar and energy storage project with Kauaʻi Island Utility Cooperative (KIUC) in Hawaii is a perfect example to showcase the company's new offering in the energy sector.
And it was never clearer than with this newly released drone video of the project.
The project consists of a 52 MWh Tesla Powerpack installation (272 units) with a 18 MW solar farm (~55,000 solar panels) built by SolarCity right before they were acquired by Tesla, which now makes it entirely a “Tesla project”.
They are becoming a power company selling energy to the grid. Tesla has a power purchase agreement with KIUC, which serves just over 30,000 customers on the remote island, to sell the energy generated and stored through the project for 11 cents per kWh or third of the cost of electricity generated through burning diesel.
That's what makes the project impressive. While it is replacing costly diesel, over 2 million gallons per year to be precise, the price is actually on par with several other markets in the US.
In reference to Tesla's recent Powerpack projects on remote islands earlier this month, Tesla CEO Elon Musk said that continents are basically large islands and that if they can convert a small island to solar and battery packs, eventually they will be able to convert whole continents.
The company recently released an impressive video of the project and it looks like a little glimpse of the future of energy:
There are other larger Powerpack projects, like the 80 MWh Powerpack station with Southern California Edison, but the fact that this one helps the whole island run almost entirely on renewable energy makes it an especially interesting showcase.
Tesla described the project in their last shareholder letter:
“Combined with an 18 MW ground-mounted solar array, the KIUC project was the first to be designed as a “dispatchable” utility-scale solar project that provides solar energy generated during the day to power the grid in the evening when demand is highest. The project provides KIUC with energy for less than the cost of hydrocarbon-fueled alternatives and cuts oil consumption by over 2 million gallons per year.”
The project was deployed during the first quarter 2017, but as of last month, they had yet to complete final testing. The company expected that it would turn the project online and start generating revenue before the end of the second quarter.
Image by Lia Kantrowitz
More than ever, old monuments to famous white American men are being threatened in the name of progress. Naturally, this has become a rallying cry on the far right, with plenty of encouragement from the most powerful man in the world. At the same unhinged press conference in which Donald Trump again blamed both sides for the deadly violence in Charlottesville last weekend, he also painted a picture of a slippery slope where those fighting for the removal of Confederate statues today might be destroying tributes to more mainstream slave-owning icons like George Washington tomorrow. He lamented this prospect once more on Thursday, opining on Twitter that "the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!" Far-right sites like the Daily Caller have been running with the theme, publishing alarmist takes with headlines like, "It's Time to Blow Up Mount Rushmore."
Which made me wonder: If Rushmore ever did get "blown up," what should those dudes be replaced with? Fact is, I'm not sure there is any American president worthy of being etched into the side of a 60-foot mountain with explosives and jackhammers. I mean, every single one has at least been partially complicit in horrific atrocities.
The author with VICE Does America co-hosts Abdullah Saeed and Martina de Alba
I visited Mount Rushmore in the summer of 2015, and it's nothing like Abe Lincoln squatting on his (recently vandalized) throne or George Washington's phallus towering over everything in DC. Instead, Rushmore is a testament to the human ability to conquer nature in our own image. Standing in front of it conjured feelings of both wonder and disgust in me. Obviously, Washington and Thomas Jefferson were remarkable individuals who helped usurp British rule in America and, eventually, establish a new empire. But they also enslaved their fellow man, committing special kinds of inhumane acts that should never be confined to footnotes. Unfortunately, that is exactly how those troublesome truths are treated when you face the awesome grandeur of Rushmore, a monument so incredible it obscures the multifaceted nature of these old dudes, transmogrifying them from individuals with a capacity both for greatness and evil into pure American deities.
In case you're wondering, I don't think Barack Obama should be lionized with some sort of larger-than-life monument, either. While he is a man who embodies so many of the dreams I had for this nation as a child, he has also committed acts I absolutely abhor. His embrace of aerial drone strikes, especially in nations like Somalia, was extremely disheartening for both their attendant civilian casualties and the shaky legal framework in which they were committed. His expansion of surveillance programs that sprawled under George W. Bush could theoretically now be used by the Trump administration to stymie movements like Black Lives Matter, which is comprised of people actually doing work to make this nation more equitable. And in case you haven't noticed, as great as the optics of Obama's presidency were, they seem to have done little to heal the wounds of racism in this nation or dismantle the institutional apparatuses that fuel injustice.
I have love for Obama as a black man, but I don't need to see his face on the side of a mountain. I certainly don't want to see him turned into some kind of great black superhero, devoid of his flaws and failures. If it happened, it would mean we didn't learn important lessons from his presidency that could help us move the buck further the next time around.
Watch the VICE Does America crew mess with Ted Cruz at the Iowa State Fair:
This is not to say that I am against independent art and artists representing historical figures in ways that honor, embrace, challenge, and contextualize our collective past. Nor am I down on museums, where people can go and investigate, explore, and research history in depth. What I am suspicious of are monuments produced by the state, which tend to flatten out nuances and turn flawed individuals into tools of propaganda that bolster a kind of religious patriotism. This stuff can be incredibly dangerous for democracy, especially when the same ascendant movement that deifies one set of (white) leaders sees people of color as sub-human.
It's hard to be critical of a system when that system becomes an article of faith, filled with myths (the cherry tree), deities (Founding Fathers), and notions of salvation (the City on a Hill). It's going to be impossible to improve America if we can't be honest about its origins and its past. Her fruit is born from violence and greed, watered by the blood of my ancestors. To those who worship at her altar, these truths I speak of are heretical. That is why so many are fighting so hard—risking state or even federal prosecution for hate crimes—to cling to them. But the only way we can help America fulfill her promise is by shedding the faith and facing the truth. A big part of that process probably involves taking those men we've placed so high and bringing them back down to Earth where we can judge them for who they really were.
Let's take with us the righteous ideas and beliefs and leave everything else on the pyre.
Trump and his white supremacist cohorts believe the reverence some Americans have for these statues is simply respected for history, and that tearing them down is tantamount to ripping pages out of a textbook. But monuments built by the state are not history—they manifestations of power. They don't tell you who, what, why, or how something happened. Instead, they just inform you who's in control. This is even true with the Confederate statues, even though the South lost the war. The reality is that the enshrinement of those generals in statues across the nation mostly did not happen right after the war as a tribute to lost struggle. Instead, they were built in the early 1900s and the 1960s, when it was crucial for those in power to signal that white supremacy would endure in the face of Reconstruction, the Progressive Era, and the civil rights movement. Erecting these statues amounted to power moves by white people who felt threatened. And now that they are being toppled, and neo-Nazis fight against their removal, their true meaning has become clearer than ever.
One of the worst things about these statues is that the enshrinement of leaders doesn't just hide the bad things about them—it can also obscure the good. As a young man, I was always skeptical of Martin Luther King Jr., in comparison to more radical leaders like Malcolm X. I couldn't help to notice how King was hailed by white people who wanted to avoid hard discussions about race. These people wanted to rely on a flimsy "dream" instead of grappling with the "fierce urgency of now." Many critics felt that it was this false, tepid caricature of King that was initially captured in his monument in Washington. The people behind the sculpture arguably distorted a quote of King's about overthrowing the political order through radical change and turned it into something bland, meaningless, and wholly uncontroversial. As art and architecture critic Philip Kennicott wrote in an editorial in the Washington Post back in 2011, "The memorial could be vastly improved simply by removing the statue."
I tend to agree with that. I'm not sure that a monument put on by the state, which still perpetuates violence across the world and has immense inequality here at home, could ever produce a work that truly honors the real, radical legacy of Dr. King. King was a man who damned capitalism and war as much as he strived for black boys and black girls to hold hands with white boys and white girls.
With the president of the United States basically justifying neo-Nazism, it seems unthinkable that we will ever see a day when there is a serious push to blow up Rushmore and other monuments like it. But if that moment ever arrives, I suspect I'd be onboard. Demystifying the historical figures of the past, pulling them off the great mountain top back down to Earth where they shat, farted, spit, pissed, fucked, raped, murdered, died, and rotted seems like important business for this country. As long as we allow those men to be cults of personality who exist beyond reproach, we're never going to be able to see them for all of their good and all of their evil.
Editor's note: The headline and URL of this story have been updated. We do not condone violence in any shape or form, and the use of "blow up" in the original headline as a rhetorical device was misguided and insensitive. We apologize for the error.
Follow Wilbert L. Cooper on Instagram.
New Tesla Patent: 400-Mile Battery Pack Using Metal-Air & Lithium-Ion Batteries
September 19th, 2013 by Important Media Cross-Post
Originally posted on Gas2.
By Chris DeMorro
Tesla Motors is exclusively an electric carmaker, with Elon Musk expressing disdain for cars like the Chevy Volt and BMW i3, which pack gas-powered range-extenders. But Tesla may be working on a different kind of hybrid; a hybrid battery pack that could extend the range of cars like the Tesla Model S by up to 40%, allowing for 400 miles of driving between charges.
A report by Global Equities Research shows that Tesla recently filed patents 20130187591 and 20130181511, which describe a combination lithium-ion and metal-air battery pack. This hybrid battery pack would primarily use the lithium-ion side, only drawing power from the metal-air battery pack on extended journeys. Metal-air batteries, which use oxygen as an electrode, have a shorter lifetime when exposed to regular charging, but use more common elements like zinc or aluminum that drastically reduce battery costs.
Drivers would use the lithium-ion battery for daily use, and would either select the secondary battery, or have it automatically switch over on extended trips. A hybrid battery of this type could offer Tesla customers greater driving ranges, while not drastically increasing costs. There's also mention of a mode whereby the metal-air battery would charge the lithium-ion battery, which powers the car's systems. 95% of driving consist of short jaunts no more than 90 miles per day, but the option of going 400 or more miles on a single charge could open up the world of electric vehicles to a much wider audience.
For now though, Tesla will still rely on Panasonic for batteries, as they have a four-year, 80,000 unit contract with the Japanese tech giant. But going forward from there, who's to say Tesla doesn't deploy ground-breaking battery technology of its own? This could be a peek at the future, folks.
Source: Benzinga
The University of Waterloo Service Tunnels The University of Waterloo Service Tunnels
How we got started
It all started with me reading Richard Feynman's book "Surely you're joking, Mr. Feynman". In this book Feynman mentions lock picking. So I thought I'd give it a try. Turns out some locks are actually quite easy to pick.
So, very late one night, while living in residence at the University of Waterloo, some friends and I go around the basements in residence to see how many secret custodian nooks and crannies we can get into, when we stumble onto the 'big one': The University of Waterloo service tunnel network.
We had heard rumors that such a thing actually existed, but this was the first time we knew for sure! It was so exciting! So forbidden! So dangerous! (well, it seemed that way to us at the time)
The 'Grid', a barrier from the village tunnels to the main campus tunnels
Needless to say, we got the lock open!
Looking along the very long tunnel from Village to Central Services
The door from the tunnels to the Physical Activities Centre
There are valves in many places for shunting the steam around
No doubt, many of these valves had not been adjusted in years, and it was tempting to make some adjustments to see what the effect on campus would be. We were however not quite that daring!
Mapping the tunnel system
This naturally gave rise to the next challenge: Mapping the entire tunnel system.
There were several approaches I used in generating the tunnel map. The campus maps they had at the time were accurate to scale maps, which was very useful as a baseline. I started by manually digitizing the building outlines into a drawing program on my trusty 12 MHz 286 with 1 meg ram running Windows 2.11 (In 1990, you could actually run useful software on a machine like that)
Some of the tunnel locations were quite obvious, because fresh snow would always melt were the tunnels were just below the surface (these tunnels get quite warm because of all the hot steam pipes). Other parts could be easily correlated to building floor plans by taking the occasional peek out of the tunnels. I also ended up taking measurements in some places to check how some things lined up with the map.
Map of the tunnels image
The tunnels now
Exploring the University of Waterloo service tunnels is no longer the sport it was back in 1990. Somehow, somebody at some point got hold of a master key of the university, and everybody copied it. This made getting into the tunnels a relatively small challenge, and there were quite a few people who knew their way around the tunnel system - although few were as thorough in mapping it as I was.
The University of Waterloo knew that people had keys, and I guess it was starting to become a liability issue. The last time I was down there, which was around 1992, I saw a motion detector, and turned around. Obviously, they had gotten more serious about catching people in there. All the locks going into the tunnels have since been replaced with Medeco locks, which are much more secure. I know this, because I have never been able to pick one open, and don't know of anybody who ever has! All the access points that were hatches and such have been welded shut, although there is a metal plate in a lecture hall in the physics building that appears only to be bolted shut.
The old trick of getting something under the door to reach the doorknob on the other side has never worked either, as all the door knobs have 'collars' around them, which makes it impossible for some blind contraption to actually get hold of the knob.
As such, I can't recommend you go exploring in the tunnels, but it was fun while it lasted.
A slight brush with fame
In the summer of 2002, a reporter from the Kitchener Waterloo Record contacted me to ask me some questions about my tunnel exploring activity. The guy had been researching this topic for an article, and found my website in relation to this topic.
A few days later he interviewed me, and on August 10'th there was an article about my tunnel exploring activities in the paper, bottom of the front page! I was a bit surprised at the prominence - this wasn't big news, let alone news, seeing that the tunnel exploring had occurred more than 10 years earlier! But its also comforting to know that there still is slow news days once in a while. I scanned the article in, its here
Check out my ruins page
To Matthias Wandel's home page
Delaying marriage in developing countries benefits children
Image by Biswarup Ganguly (Own work) [GFDL (http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html) or CC BY 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons
Delaying the marriage age of young women in parts of the developing world has significant positive effects for their children, a new study shows.
The research, conducted by academics at the University of Sussex, in collaboration with researchers at the University of Washington at Seattle and the World Bank, looked at data from tens of thousands of households across India.
It uncovers that children of women who get married later are more likely to complete their required vaccinations, have a higher weight-for-height, are more likely to enrol at school and attain better grades.
Underage marriage is prevalent in India; though the legal minimum age of marriage is 18, over 50 per cent of women in the study reported being married at a younger age. The practice is not just specific to India, but is common within many parts of the developing world.
The paper, published in the Journal of Development Economics, looks at more than 32,000 women, aged 15-40, living in both rural and urban households across India. Previous studies have highlighted the health risks of early childbirth, for both mother and child; others have focussed on its effects on the child's education. Uniquely, this investigation looks at a much broader range of indicators of child wellbeing and attempts to find out why marriage age in itself has such profound effects.
Among its findings, the study shows that children of women who delay marriage by one year are:
4.6 per cent more likely to complete their required vaccinations
3.1 per cent more likely to enrol at school
Achieve 2.3 per cent better grades in reading, and 3 per cent better in maths.
To further shed light on why they observe these effects, the authors zoom in on a special set of women, the “child brides” – these are the women who are engaged to be married before they reach puberty. They find that the children of the non-educated “child brides”, in particular, suffer the most negative effects to their wellbeing. The fact that these children are affected indicates that the age at marriage in and by itself matters.
Dr Annemie Maertens of the University of Sussex elaborates:“What our study is saying is that delaying marriage not only improves the mother's educational attainment or changes the kind of husband she marries. There's also a direct effect: because she's getting married earlier, she has different preferences, less health knowledge, possibly lower bargaining power and gives birth to more children.
“It's not enough to just work on the educational aspect: minimum age laws need to become enforced.”
India's Prohibition of Child Marriage Act is clearly not being observed or enforced successfully, the researchers argue. The country's cultural acceptance of child marriage might play a role and, hence, in addition to better enforcement, the study suggests that incentive schemes – such as the “Our daughters, our wealth” program in Haryana, India – could offer a solution. Dr Maertens says:“There are a couple of small-scale pilot programs that have been quite successful, which give a financial reward to parents of unmarried 18-year-old girls, and our paper is in support of those programs.
“In the absence of social norms, which have not been changed, and in the absence of the ability to enforce laws, you might want to consider other incentives.”
The paper – titled “The Causal Effect of Maternal Age at Marriage on Child Wellbeing: Evidence from India” – is part of a larger project, involving Dr Maertens and Dr Amalavoyal Chari (University of Sussex), Professor Rachel Heath (University of Washington at Seattle) and Dr Freeha Fatima (World Bank).
But once they had made that leap to identify with the Umma – the global Muslim community – they got angrier the more abusive our foreign policy came. Every one of them said the Bush administration's response to 9/11 – from Guantanamo to Iraq – made jihadism seem more like an accurate description of the world. Hadiya Masieh, a tiny female former HT organiser, tells me: "You'd see Bush on the television building torture camps and bombing Muslims and you think – anything is justified to stop this. What are we meant to do, just stand still and let him cut our throats?"
But the converse was – they stressed – also true. When they saw ordinary Westerners trying to uphold human rights, their jihadism began to stutter. Almost all of them said that they doubted their Islamism when they saw a million non-Muslims march in London to oppose the Iraq War: "How could we demonise people who obviously opposed aggression against Muslims?" asks Hadiya.
There's a good (and long) post on Obsidian Wings by Eric Martin: This Constitution Kills Fascists , which, in turn, links to a good (and long) article by Johann Hari Renouncing Islam So whose actions made the West safer? A big hello to Harry's Place.
WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump is understood to have finalized American withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement , reneging on an internationally endorsed treaty in a move critics say will deliver a body blow to efforts aimed at containing global warming Trump was slated to meet with his secretary of state Rex Tillerson later in the day to formally decide on the exit strategy and sequence, but White House officials leaked news of the withdrawal — something the US President himself has been hinting at for several days – to some news outlets.''I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!'' Trump tweeted on Wednesday morning, clearly linking US greatness to withdrawal from the treaty.Trump's case on withdrawing the US from the accord, signed by 195 out of 198 countries in the world including North Korea, is premised on the argument that meeting climate change goals by reducing its carbon footprint is detrimental to the US economy and will affect job creation.In fact, Trump and his aides and strategists maintain that fear of global warming and climate change is overstated by the liberal elites, and the establishment commitment to address the ''non-existent'' threat actually destroyed the US economy, including a once-thriving coal sector.Trump's promise to the coal constituency and his pledge to revive the US economy by bringing back jobs is what tipped him into the winning margins in some rust belt constituencies and states such as Kentucky and Tennessee, which have extensive coal mining activity that was being wound up by the Obama administration, a strong votary of clean energy.''When Pres Trump withdraws from Climate Change agreeement, we'll join Syria+Nicaragua as only countries to say no to global action. Pitiful,'' said Nicholas Burns, a former senior administration officials who served in several previous administrations. Nicaragua, it turns out, did not sign because the accord did not go far enough.Several experts said Trump's action would destroy American credibility and could lead to the US ceding global leadership to China.Remarkably, both China and India, whose per capita carbon footprint is much smaller than that of US, but which were dragged kicking and screaming into the Climate Change Accord, have indicated they intend to stand by their commitment to the agreement, leaving Washington as the outlier – a term once used to describe India.Much of New Delhi's pledges were premised on US commitments of financial aid and transfer of clean technology. Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who is slated to meet President Trump at the White House on June 26-27, has indicated that New Delhi will stay the course, emboldened by the steep fall in the price of solar energy, which India sees as the magic bullet.
Do you remember playing with bouncy balls when you were young? I do and my kids still get these fun, mini balls that bounce high at parties, stuffed inside favor bags or at carnivals and theme parks.
Did you know you can make your own bouncy balls at home with just a few simple ingredients? Sure they're cheap and probably cost less than a buck to buy, but kids will love seeing how this cool science experiment comes together in making their own bouncy toy.
Check out the video above to see exactly how we did it and read more below for exact tips and instructions.
We researched how to make bouncy balls by checking out this tutorial from The 36th Avenue and this one from The Examiner and made up a version that worked well for us. Both (and many other similar tutorials for making bouncy balls) require Borax, cornstarch, glue and water as the main ingredients.
We decided to make glitter bouncy balls by using glitter glue, but you can also use clear or regular glue. Now, on to the ingredients.
DIY Glitter Bouncy Balls – Materials:
(makes one small ball, about 1″ wide)
– 2 tablespoons warm water
– 1 teaspoon Borax
– 1 tablespoon cornstarch
– 1 tablespoon glitter glue
– Disposable bowl and fork
Instructions:
Add the warm water to your bowl, then the Borax. Stir well with a fork to help dissolve the Borax into the water, then add the cornstarch. Stir well again with a fork. Add your glue. stir around with your fork, but quickly as you don't want it to “set” and get hard before rolling.
Then pick up the glue and start rolling it with your hands. You will want to roll fast and at first it will seem wet, but the more you roll, the dryer it will get. It took us a few tries to get this method of rolling just right so make sure you have plenty of glue to practice a couple of rounds.
After your vigorous rolling, you'll have a nice bouncy ball you can play with immediately!
Note these balls don't bounce as high as the ones you buy at the stores, but they do bounce well enough to lead to some fun playtime. Make sure to check out the video above for a demonstration.
Have you ever tried making bouncy balls? Let us know in the comments!
Check out more creative ideas for kids here.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Disclosure: Some of the links in the post above are “affiliate links.” This means if you click on the link and purchase the item, we will receive a small affiliate commission. Regardless, we give our promise that we only recommend products or services we would use personally and believe will add values to our readers.
Some suggest crude could reach $150 a barrel by July The US and the four largest economies in Asia are to voice "serious concerns" over "unprecedented" oil prices. Energy ministers are meeting in Japan a day after a record one-day jump in the crude oil price, to $139 a barrel. Under pressure from the US, Japan, China, India and South Korea have agreed on the need to end fuel subsidies, blamed for boosting demand. But correspondents say there are major differences over the speed and extent to which the changes should be made. The soaring cost of oil is causing growing strain to economies around the world, with some governments facing protests and other pressures from consumers and businesses. Both the Indian and Malaysian governments have recently raised fuel prices in order to cut the subsidies they provide. Officials and ministers from the Group of Eight (G8) key industrialised nations, as well as China, India and South Korea, are meeting for two days in the northern city of Aomori. In a statement to be issued after the talks, the US and Asian countries are expected to say rising oil prices pose a great burden, especially on developing countries and are "against the interest of both consuming and producing countries", news agencies reported. It will also say that "phased and gradual" withdrawal of price subsidies - blamed by some for fuelling demand in emerging economies - is "desirable", the French news agency AFP said. But India insisted there was no agreement to remove the subsidies altogether, China made clear it had no time frame for moving towards lower subsidies, and Japan's trade minister confirmed they had agreed only on the need to remove the subsidies, according to the BBC's Chris Hogg, in Tokyo. 'Economic egotism' Friday's spike in oil prices coincided with a dollar slump, plummeting share prices on Wall Street and US unemployment suffering its biggest rise in 20 years. Russia is a global player. We understand our responsibility for the fate of the world and want to participate in forming the rules of the game
Dmitry Medvedev
Russian president
Israeli minister threatens Iran Analysis: Growing talk of attack Send us your comments On Saturday, US energy secretary Samuel Bodman said the price surge was a "shock" but not a crisis, amid fears the oil price spike could help tip some of the world's economies into recession. He also said he did not see a need for a tightening of regulation of oil markets. Some say market speculation, and a lack of disclosure of information over the size and nature of reserves, may be stoking the price rises, as well as concerns that demand may be growing faster than supply. Separately, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev blamed what he termed the US's "economic egotism" for the current problems in the global economy. He accused the US of "aggressive financial policies" and said most people in the world had become poorer. Speaking at the St Petersburg International Economic Forum, he said Russia was a "global player" and wished to "participate in forming new rules of the game", but not because of "imperial ambitions". Iran threat On Friday light crude set a record high of $139.12 in after-hours trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange after hitting $138.54 at the regular session. Oil prices were given a boost on a report by Morgan Stanley analyst Ole Slorer, who suggested the price of oil could rocket to $150 as early as July. Some analysts have suggested that prices would reach as high as $200 a barrel during the next 18 months. The benchmark light, sweet crude oil is more than twice the price it was a year ago. On Friday, the market was also responding to a statement by Israel's transport minister that an attack on Iran was "unavoidable" after sanctions to prevent Tehran from developing its nuclear capability had failed. Investors hedging oil against the weak dollar has also pushed up the price of oil. Correspondents say fears that workers at Chevron Corporation in Nigeria may go on strike and subsequently disrupt production and access to oil are also adding to market jitters, as well as Israeli threats to strike Iran over its nuclear programme. Oil prices had recorded losses earlier this week after doubts about future demand took hold of the market.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Most millionaires from around the world want to move to Britain, a survey conducted by wealth analsyts New World Wealth and resettlement advisors Lio Global has revealed.
The survey, which was published this month, showed that 61,000 high-net worth individuals (HNWI) from India migrated to various parts of the world between 2000-2014, most of whom settled in the UK.
The survey considered a sample of nearly 60,000 global HNWIs in 2000, with the same sample in 2014.
Apart from the UK, other favourite destinations of millionaires included US, Singapore, Australia, Hong Kong and UAE respectively.
The research suggests that millionaires from Europe, Russia, China and India wanted to migrate to the UK because it is easy to move money here and buy property. Other reasons cited were quality of schools and universities and ease of travel within the European Union.
Around 8,000 South African millionaires have also left the country in the past 10 years, according to the research.
Overall, 125,000 super-wealthy individuals relocated to the UK from eastern European countries, China, India and Africa, while 52,000 people from China, the UK, India and Russia have migrated to the US since 2000.
UK welcomes the rich
According to Nadia Read, head of the world residence and citizenship platform at LIO Global: "The main reason people apply for a second residence or citizenship is to ensure freedom of global mobility and access, as well as security and wealth protection for their families.
"The majority of investors are typically looking towards the EU. Cyprus and Malta, in particular, are very popular as they offer direct citizenship without long waiting or residence periods. Portugal's Golden Residence Visa, as well as the Hungarian Residence Bond programme, have also seen significant interest, as they offer investors residence in exchange for a smaller investment.
"The Caribbean has also recently seen strong demand as countries such as Antigua and Barbuda or Grenada offer direct citizenship in under six months," Read added.
Meanwhile, India was also ranked last on the list of top 10 countries for millionaires at the end of 2014.
The survey states India's HNWI outflows in the last fourteen years were second to China at 91,000. Most HNWI outflows from India moved to UK, US, Singapore, Australia and UAE.
While UK topped the list of being the highest recipient of HNWI inflows from around the world, London emerged as the top choice of city for millionaires.
Start hoarding those Hershey's Kisses and stockpile your Snickers: The world could soon experience a chocolate shortage.
Mars Inc. and Barry Callebaut, two of the world's largest chocolate makers, say that's the path we're headed down. They cite a perfect storm of factors: Less cocoa is being produced as more and more people are devouring chocolate.
In 2013, consumers ate about 70,000 metric tons more cocoa than was produced, The Washington Post reports, and that deficit could go up to 1 million metric tons by 2020. The Ivory Coast and Ghana produce more than 70 percent of the world's cacao beans, and both countries are experiencing dry weather that limits growth. To make things worse, a fungal disease called frosty pod has destroyed 30 to 40 percent of global cocoa production.
The world's appetite for chocolate isn't going away, and some countries, like China, are starting to consume more and more of the sweet treat. Dark chocolate is also rising in popularity, and that takes much more cocoa to create. Although researchers are trying to create trees that can produce more cacao beans than traditional trees, there's one catch: Chocolate made through this process loses its delicious taste. The only solution is to buy in bulk now and hide your stash where no one can find it. Catherine Garcia
GAUCHAR (UTTARAKHAND): Uttarakhand authorities are trying to arrange for as much as 50 tonnes of wood and as much volume of 'desi ghee' to conduct last rites of those who perished in the deluge at Kedarnath
Officials of the Garhwal administration have sounded authorities in the state 'Van Nigam' (Forest Corporation) and other agencies to gather as much fire wood and logs and pick cans of 'ghee' from the open market."We want to start the funerals today in Kedarnath provided the weather permits. All concerned authorities have been asked to make arrangements," a senior state government officer said.The official said that funerals have to start on Monday in the temple town or else the bodies will begin rotting badly.While close to thousands have been evacuated from the temple town, worst hit by rain and flash floods, there is no exact estimate as to how many people would have perished in this area.Many parts of the state received rain last night and in the morning but helicopter operations are expected to be operational on Monday.
'Religion Is Not Inherently a Good Thing' but Freedom of Religion Is 'Absolutely Awesome,' Says Democratic Congressman
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
WASHINGTON — Speaking on a Thursday panel discussion on international religious freedoms at Georgetown University, U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minn., asserted that although he thinks religion is not "inherently a good thing," the U.S. should do more to influence foreign governments into protecting the religious liberties of their citizens.
Ellison, who grew up in a Catholic household in Detroit and became a Muslim at the age of 19, was asked by Baylor University Chancellor and former U.S. Solicitor General Ken Starr to provide his definition of freedom of religion, and explain what the U.S.'s role is in promoting the freedom of religion abroad.
Ellison began by explaining that freedom of religion is the right of individuals to practice their religion, no matter how unorthodox their personal religious views might be.
As 77 percent of the world's population currently lives in religiously oppressive nations, a number of countries around the world confine freedom of religion to only the religious majority; any person practicing or professing another religious view is at risk of being persecuted, or charged with blasphemy or heresy.
"The freedom to be unorthodox, this is fundamental to religious freedom because we are all individual and unique. Although I am a Muslim, God might inspire me to understand Islam slightly different than some other Muslims," Ellison said. "Therefore, unorthodoxy is implied in any understanding of religious freedom. You must be free to be a Shiite in a predominant Sunni environment."
Although Ellison said he does not believe religion is inherently good for society, the presence of religious freedom creates a more stable social environment. He added that countries where freedom of religion is repressed are often the countries that have the most conflict and social turmoil.
"It occurs to me that religion is not inherently a good thing but the freedom of expressing it is," Ellison added. "Religion is not inherently good? Why? On one hand people like Dorothy Day, Martin Luther King, Ghandi — who are all religious people — use their faith to make the world a better place. Then, there are people who are equally devout who do things that aren't so good and we are not proud of."
"I think it kind of matters what are the most prominent values in religious expression that turn it good or not good. But freedom of religion is absolutely awesome," The 51-year-old Ellison continued. "That's an idea that teaching religion and using religion as something that promotes the common good is a good idea, as long as you have good in mind."
Ellison argued that many countries that oppress religious liberty use the notion that it's important for everyone in the nation to think alike in order to insure social stability. Ellison debunked that theory by using Somalia — the hotbed for the terrorist group Al Shabaab — as an anecdotal example of that mindset.
"It is an assumption that we need homogeneity to have social [cohesion]. 'If we are not all the same, then we won't get along.' Of course, this is ridiculous. Look at Somalia," Ellison said. "They are a homogeneous country. Everybody there is Sunni Islam. Everybody there speaks the same language and they are like the quintessential example of internal conflict. Yet, here we are in the United States, an incredibly diverse country, and you really don't see [bloodshed] over religion."
As the U.S. continues to ally with and provide foreign aid to some of the world's most religiously oppressive countries, like Pakistan and Saudi Arabia, Ellison said the U.S. should take a strong stand in its foreign policy to try and coerce those countries into changing their actions.
However, Ellison recognizes that often the U.S. has greater economic or security interests that outweigh its interest in international religious freedom.
"The reality is that no matter what anyone might say, U.S. foreign policy is always going to be a blend of our values measured against economic and political security necessity. That's unsatisfactory but it's not for the idealist," Ellison contended.
"We should make our values clear of what we believe and know what they believe. But yet, these situations have to be dealt with significant care because there are economic, political and security considerations that cannot simply be ignored."
Also speaking at the panel discussion was Katrina Lantos Swett, the former chair of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, who argued that the State Department needs to do a better job training its officials on how to advocate for religious freedom when dealing with America's most oppressive allies.
"Through my experience with human rights, and more specifically religious freedom, there has been a tendency to put [religious freedom] in its little box," Swett said. "At certain convenient moments that little box is brought out and put on the table; some nice gratitudes are said and then it is quickly put back in the corner where it can't get in the way of the real business of government and real business of foreign policy."
EunWon Lee, a leading dancer at the Washington Ballet, gets ready for rehearsal. Lee moved here a year ago from Korea, giving up everything at home for a risky new job in a new country far from her family and friends. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
Her first moves of the day are the hardest. EunWon Lee, one of the Washington Ballet's leading ballerinas, awakens as many dancers do, with stiff, sore muscles. Before heading to rehearsals, the 26-year-old tapes up her ankles, on the mend from sprains, and the shoulder she dislocated a month ago.
Then, setting her iPad beside a pot of tea, Lee begins her morning ritual: scanning Facebook for the friends and family in South Korea she won't see again for many months.
Lee smiles when she comes across a photo of her little chubby-cheeked nephew. He was born just before she quit the Korean National Ballet last year and moved halfway around the world to chase a dream.
Back home, Lee was the National Ballet's youngest principal ballerina and a dance celebrity. Her performances sold out the Seoul opera house in minutes. She starred in "Giselle," "La Bayadere" and other classics, and was coached by visiting ballet royalty from around the world.
With her lithe form and delicate, childlike features, she modeled for Swarovski jewelry and tossed out ceremonial pitches at ballgames.
But it wasn't enough.
"I always wanted to leave Korea to dance," Lee says, "because ballet is not Korean."
Pictures of Audrey Hepburn dot the walls of her studio apartment in Cathedral Heights, where Lee is living on her own for the first time in her life. Last week, she went to her first pop concert (Bruno Mars), and tried pumpkin spice beer for the first (and last) time.
Hiring Lee is one of the changes Washington Ballet Artistic Director Julie Kent has made since arriving last year and setting her sights on national status. This season, Lee is the face of the Washington Ballet: A glamorous photo of her in a jeweled tutu tops the company's website and adorns posters at the Kennedy Center. In the Washington Ballet's fall series, titled "Russian Masters," at the center through Sunday, Lee is scheduled to dance two roles that display her lightness, lyricism and effortless precision: the bravura duet from "Le Corsaire" and a solo sprite in "Les Sylphides," a ballet tone-poem accompanied by Chopin études.
The adrenaline rush of performances will be a relief from Lee's seesawing emotions, as she feels her way around a baffling foreign culture in a country where a year ago she knew no one and barely spoke a word of English. In her second year here, she wavers between loneliness and peace, anxiety and hope.
But when she's onstage, "I'm just enjoying, just following the music," Lee says. "No thinking. No worries."
Lee works with Washington Ballet Artistic Director Julie Kent. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
Transcending local confines
When Kent, a distinguished former star of American Ballet Theatre, took over the Washington Ballet last season, she wasted no time changing its course. For the previous 17 years, under former director Septime Webre, it was a small contemporary troupe specializing in Webre's idiosyncratic creations. Before Webre, company founder Mary Day had also leaned toward small-scale and modern. She had no aims of grandeur, preferring to keep the group modest in size and reach.
Kent and her husband, Victor Barbee, also a former ABT principal and the Washington Ballet's associate artistic director, have bigger ambitions. The company's 2013-23 strategic plan calls for a roster of 40 dancers by 2023. So far, they've increased it to 25. They've brought in works by such top-tier choreographers as Frederick Ashton and Alexei Ratmansky, introducing the kind of sophisticated repertoire danced around the world by classical companies such as ABT and England's Royal Ballet.
At stake is the Washington Ballet's ability to do what few performing arts organizations in the nation's capital have done: to achieve national prominence, and transcend the local confines.
Kent adjusts Lee's position during a rehearsal with Brooklyn Mack. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
Lee's ankles are on the mend from a sprain. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
"The very long-term goal is for the Washington Ballet to do all the great ballets — full-lengths and contemporary works — that exist as well as any company in the world does them," Barbee declared at a meeting with reporters in March 2016.
Lee, one of Kent's first hires, is a major component of this plan. The enterprising new director and a young swan of a dancer from Korea are linked in an effort to redevelop the Washington Ballet.
About the time Barbee announced his and Kent's aspirations, Lee, in Seoul, was springing into action. She'd learned that Kent was looking for dancers, and she was determined to be chosen. When she was 15, the English National Ballet had offered her a spot in its school, but she was too scared to leave home. Not now.
She had idolized Kent since her childhood, poring over clips of her poetically nuanced dancing on YouTube. She sent her videos, and a mutual friend, a Korean physical therapist who worked with dancers in Seoul and New York, raved to Kent about Lee's gifts. Finally, Kent asked Lee to audition.
"Several things leapt out at me," Kent recalls in a recent interview at the Washington Ballet headquarters on Wisconsin Avenue NW. "Her dancing was lovely, and there were areas where I felt I could help her. Just little details, like how she used her feet and her hands.
"And then there was her desire to learn, and that she was willing to give up a secure, stable position to travel across the world to be mentored and pushed, and to force herself to grow."
Lee stretches before rehearsal. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
When Lee moved to Washington, her older sister, Ji Won, came with her. Ji Won, who'd lived in San Francisco, helped Lee shop for food and cleaning supplies — things Lee had never done in Seoul, where she had lived with her parents. Ji Won also taught her how to do her laundry. A week later, she flew back to Korea, and Lee went off to ballet class.
"The first day was very good," Lee says with a smile. "I liked staying on my own. But after a week, I missed my family and friends."
She speaks hesitantly but expressively; she learned English quickly, and no longer attends evening classes.
What was scariest for her? Sipping an iced tea on her lunch break, Lee has an immediate answer. "Thinking about my future," she says, her smile widening. Then it drops and she grows somber.
"After five years or 10 years, where am I? What am I going to do? I'm not sure at this moment. I want more growth, as an artist and as a person. But always only ballet, ballet, ballet — I don't want to be that person."
That's who she has been for most of her life. Early on, Lee was identified as gifted — a rare designation in Korea — which meant extra hours of school. She entered university at 16, skipping high school. (It's common for Korean ballet dancers to attend an arts university, and begin their careers after graduation.) She graduated at 19, also rare, and joined the national ballet, where she rose rapidly to the highest rank. By 25, Lee had little else in her life but practice, performance and competitions.
"Every step of her life has not been easy," says Seomyeong Kim, Lee's childhood ballet teacher, speaking by phone from Seoul. "All her life, she's been working."
Now that she's here, Lee still asks Kim for advice about life, or when she's worried about a new part. She has dived into an unfamiliar repertoire here, including her first works by Balanchine, Ratmansky and Ashton. "Maybe you're working too hard," Kim will say. "Just take it easy and go for a walk or something."
In her first year on her own, with a lighter schedule than in Korea, "I got stressed a lot about my free time," Lee says. "I don't know what I should do." She went home over the summer — the annual layoff for dancers being one of many surprises about American culture — and spoke to Kim. "She told me, 'EunWon, for 25 years you missed a lot of life because of ballet. So now you have to do something else.' " On weekends, Lee has been visiting museums.
What she misses most about home: the food, especially seafood. Pizza and steak almost make up for it, though.
What's weird about the United States: vegans. And tipping. Also the fact that Americans don't always take off their shoes at home.
Lee marvels at how relaxed folks are here, even at the ballet company. While rehearsing "Le Corsaire," she accidentally conked her partner, Brooklyn Mack, in the face with her elbow, breaking his nose. Mack laughed it off and headed to a doctor. Lee was mortified.
Kent, overseeing the rehearsal, simply shrugged.
"It's no big deal," she assured Lee. "It happens."
Lee dances during the dress rehearsal for “Les Sylphides” on Sept. 28. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
Making discoveries
At a dress rehearsal of "Les Sylphides" a week before show time, Lee hands her phone to a colleague to shoot a video so she can study it later.
"She never misses a second to try to make discoveries," Barbee says. "You know, 'How can I make that better?' Not everyone wants to know that. But she's hungry for it."
After whirling through her duet, Lee stands off to the side with her partner, Cuban dancer Gian Carlo Perez. He fluffs up the little wings on her costume. They exchange a fist bump before his solo.
Lee cooks stir-fried octopus in her Cathedral Heights apartment. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
After dinner: another workout. Lee exercises and stretches after dinner. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
When rehearsals are over, Lee heads to the Giant for chili sauce, standing amazed before the array of choices. Once home, she cooks stir-fried octopus, following a recipe on her phone. The octopus arms lie curled and pink on her kitchen counter, near a collection of painkillers and muscle rubs.
After dinner: another workout. She holds squats, planks and splits while balanced on a rumbling "whole-body vibration" device called a Power Plate, used for muscle stimulation and strength training.
Finally, the ballerina who stands at a crucial juncture in the history of a Washington institution soaks her feet in a mop bucket. Then she sinks into bed, enjoying some relief from her aches, and trying not to think too much about tomorrow.
The Washington Ballet performs "Russian Masters" through Sunday at the Kennedy Center. Tickets: $25-$140. 202-467-4600. kennedy-center.org.
[Update: As promised, here's a ‘Part 2' review of No Man's Sky after the day-one update.]
Yes, I know there's a day-one patch on the way. What I care about is reviewing what people will have straight out of the box on the day they get their copy, the game that was handed over the counter to them when they parted with their cash in good faith. If the update drastically changes the experience of the game, so much so that it is unrecognisable from what's originally on the disc, then there's something fundamentally wrong with the way games are being made; I wouldn't pay for Chocolate Rice Crispies, receive plain Rice Crispies and then be told to wait while Kellogg's gets the chocolate flavouring together. Silly analogy, but it's the same principle.
For the record, we did reach out to Sony/Hello Games, but neither replied to our emails. So when we found a copy available a few days early (it was just sitting on a shelf, who would pass that up?) we decided to go in early. Here's our review.
No Man's Sky made me feel like a very, very small person. Billions of planets waiting to be explored, yet I knew from the moment I booted up the game I wouldn't even touch 1% of them. It's a little sad, really, but I suppose that's the point of the game. It's a team effort. Humanity coming together to take on the big bad universe, one planet at a time.
You start the game on a random planet with a busted star ship. A great start to any adventure. Instead of just letting you loose among the stars, the game slowly guides you to fixing up your ship by collecting the required ingredients from the planet you start off on. You could be lucky and have everything just a few paces in front of you, or like me, you may have to wander around for half an hour before you find what you're looking for.
This introduction serves to teach you fundamentals of the game's crafting, mining, and to some degree, combat mechanics. You'll learn to use your laser mining gun to break down natural objects into minerals such as Plutonium, Iron, Thanium, Copper, etc, as well as learning that you can use your mining tool as a weapon against the intergalactic space cops – Sentinels. They're these annoying little buggers that fly around and make sure you're not up to no good. They don't seem to take too kindly to you taking the natural resources from any planet, and they'll start attacking you if they catch you in the act.
So, once you've gone through the motions and have your star ship fixed up, fuelled and ready to go, you're free to blast off from whatever weirdly named planet you've spawned on and make your own journey through time and space. There's a moment of pure giddy excitement as the ship begins lift off and you find yourself in full control of the vehicle. (Note: You can change the pilot controls in the menu so that they're inverted. Makes it much better.)
Off you go into space, leaving behind the colourful (or not, as each person's experience is unique) planet and its strange inhabitants behind. Once I'd got out of the world's atmosphere and into space, I realised I'm such a small and insignificant part of this universe. Yes, that applies to the one we all reside in right now, too… Existential crisis incoming.
Thankfully the game holds your hand for a little while to get you used to flying around from planet to planet. My visor told me I should go here and there, and it even told me of the space station that was nearby. Well, I say nearby, but it was really a 10-minute flight. (This would have been a lot shorter had I paid attention to the instructions telling me to press and hold ‘L1' and ‘R1' together…)
Space stations typically house an alien creature of sorts and they'll have a little chat with you, kind of. Conversations are presented from your character's point of view. So if the creature seems a little hostile, text on the screen will show up saying something along the lines of “The creature seemed a bit annoyed and he snarled his words at me” and what not. It's a bit like the old pulp-fiction books where you'd pick a page number to continue the story. Nice touch, I thought.
The main point of space stations is to buy and sell goods that you've collected and parts that you need. Prices tend to change depending on where you are in the universe, so you may pay a bit more in one system than you would in another, but it also works out in your favour when it comes to selling. However – and yes, I know this may be something that'll change in the patch – I never really needed to rely on getting funds via trading. Sure, I definitely needed to buy supplies (crucial to making your way through the universe) but I rarely needed to sell anything, and what I did sell was purely to make room in my inventory. Making money is as easy as visiting a planet, having a look around at the wildlife, then uploading your discoveries in return for ‘Units', the game's currency. Not a game-breaking thing by any stretch of the imagination.
Space stations aren't the only way to get some good stuff, as most planets I landed on had a depot or an outpost of sorts. It's here that you'll be able to further trade with a local alien, upgrade your bits and bobs, and generally learn a thing or two. I'm not going to spoil the surprises by telling you exactly what's what, but just know that planets aren't totally devoid of things to do. There are stories to discover and things to learn. That's it. I've said too much already. Go away.
Your main goal is to reach the center of the universe to see what secrets it holds. I can tell you that I've been there. I've seen things, man. But no, I won't be spoiling a single thing here. All I can say is that it took me roughly 20-24 hours to complete my journey (accounting for breaks etc.) Does that mean it'll take you the same amount of time? No, not at all! I'm a direct player, so when I know there's a goal and that's my target, I just go for it. I'm the kind of guy who powers through the main story missions in GTA V, Assassin's Creed, Far Cry 4 etc. That's not to say I didn't have a good look around and do some exploring.
I explored the hell out of quite a few planets, some more than others. If a planet was bright and colourful I'd be more inclined to have a look around, search out the creatures and really see what's on offer. If a planet was a bit dull (and yes, some of them are) then I'd get what I needed (resources) and be on my way.
Speaking of planets, I was actually really impressed with the variety. I'm not one to fall for marketing bull or PR crap, so when the press was all like “procedurally everything!” I was like, yeah, whatever. But it turns out it's actually true. I can't be 100% sure, but I'm about 99% sure that I didn't see the same planet replicated twice. Sure, there are a few common things throughout the universe when it comes to the resources you need to mine, but other than that it's all unique. Flying dinosaurs, weird critters that bolt past you, horrible beasts that hunt other animals as well as yourself if you don't take care.
Graphically, don't expect this to look like anything you've seen on PS4 before. It's not an ugly game – in fact, it's far from it – but there is an air of simplicity to the game's presentation. Worlds differ in their appearance and one may be chock full of colour with grass swishing too-and-fro as far as the eye can see, but other may be just hills, rocks, and a few scraps lying around. It's all a part of the fun, and though the graphics aren't mind-blowing, they're perfectly suited to the retro-space-adventure vibe that No Man's Sky gives off.
There are a couple of minor complaints I do have about the presentation though. Firstly, the field-of-view is quite constrictive if you've come from playing all the latest first-person shooters, though after a while I just got used to it, and I don't doubt you will, too. The second complaint is the pop-in. Pop-in is where the game's world populates the details as you move along. So when you're playing GTA and you suddenly see a sign post or a car appear that wasn't there a moment ago, it has popped in. This is pretty prevalent in No Man's Sky, though only from the air. If you're skimming the surface of the planet in your star ship, you'll undoubtedly see vegetation, mountains, hills, and animals pop-in, but once you disembark and start wandering around on foot, it's a lot less noticeable. Bear in mind, this is something that may or may not be tweaked with the day-one patch that's supposedly releasing on Monday.
Audio. Wow. This game has a soundtrack like no other. Piercing synths drumming around you as you speed through asteroids, space fleets and dog fights. Mellow strings as you wander a strange and unexplored planet. It's just perfection. I can't say a single thing wrong in relation to the game's score, it just fits. I did have a couple of moments where the audio spazzed for a few seconds, but in over 20 hours of gameplay the sound issues occurred just a couple of times, so I can't really say it's buggered beyond belief.
No Man's Sky is fun and functional, day-one patch or not. Sure it was a little over-hyped (read: massively) but it delivers on its promise: a spectacular universe where anything and everything could appear. Exploration is the name of the game and if you've got the time on your hands to wander around the countless planets then you're going to have a stupid grin on your face for the duration.
It does get slow, yes, and eventually you'll figure out that you're only really able to visit a handful of planets at a time before you are forced to forage for what you need to move into the next system. You'll soon figure out that warping from one system to another is a sneaky trick by the developers to mask some loading, and you'll soon figure out that while there's practically an unlimited amount of planets to explore, there's a limited amount of ways to do it. That all said, I'm happy enough to recommend this to anyone with more than a passing interest in exploration and a thirst for something that's truly breaking from the mould of open-world games. No Man's Sky isn't an open-world game, it's an open-universe.
Or as my other half put it: “So it's basically Minecraft, but in space?”
No Man's Sky is available from August 9th in North America, and August 10th around the world. You can get your copy here from Amazon. [?]
No Man's Sky PS4 Review 8/10 Overall - Fantastic - 8.0/10 8/10 Summary No Man's Sky aims to capture your imagination and throw you into an adventure like no game has ever done before. It succeeds in creating a scarily vast universe in which you, the player, feel so tiny and insignificant. The thought that you'll never see another human is equally depressing as it is awesome. You know there are others out there, but the most interaction you'll ever have is landing on a planet called ‘Your Mum'. It's a drag at times, especially once you dedicate yourself to getting to the center and seeing what all the fuss is about, but it's not really the end goal that matters, it's the journey. If you're a fan of exploration games, go for it. Sending User Review 3.19 ( 31 votes)
Review Disclaimer: This review was carried out using a PS4 copy of the game bought at retail. Yes, we got it early and we're reviewing it without the day one patch. The way we see it is that everyone deserves to know what's in the box; not everyone has their console hooked to the internet. If the day-one patch radically changes the game for the better, then wonderful, but it won't change our score. We'll do a write-up of the changes, but we won't be changing anything in the review.
We've worked with many a publisher/developer with reviews in the past, and when we're asked to stick to an embargo, we do so to the minute. However, if we can't even get a reply from a company, we don't see why we should adhere to an embargo we did not agree on. We have the game, we've played the game, we've written a review, why should we wait to publish? Basically, what we're saying is, we work for you (gamers), not game companies. We're not their PR.
For more information, please read our Review Policy.
Chris has been writing about gaming news for far too long, and now he's doing it even more. A true PlayStation know-it-all, Chris has owned just about every Sony console that ever existed. Trophies are like crack to this fella. (Bronze trophies, that is – he only has one Platinum.) http://wwww.pureplaystation.com
Share this:
Tweet
WhatsApp
Image copyright Giant Spacekat Image caption Brianna Wu, whose firm is behind the Revolution 60 game (above), said she had to leave her home after receiving abuse
More video game news sites must place a spotlight on the misogynistic abuse that could drive women from the industry, a developer has demanded.
Brianna Wu, who said she faced death threats after speaking out, said the sites could help change the industry's culture.
A debate is raging in the sector about claims of corrupt relationships between some developers and reviewers.
But it has also regularly veered into the issues of feminism and misogyny.
"Every woman I know is terrified that what happened to me will happen to them next. And this is a true campaign of terror on women in the field," she told BBC News.
Ms Wu fled her home on Friday 10 October after graphic sexual threats were made against her.
The next day, she shared screenshots of tweets from one user who had threatened to murder her and her family, and had posted her home address to prove they knew where she lived.
The abuse came after she shared pictures on Twitter mocking players with sexist attitudes, who had used the Twitter hashtag GamerGate.
'Drive women out'
Her latest comments coincide with Ada Lovelace Day, an annual event celebrating women's feats in technology and science.
Ms Wu, head of development at games company Giant Spacekat, also said that internet services needed to do more to help police trace those who posted abuse.
"As it currently is, when crimes occur, law enforcement frequently cannot locate the people that are doing it," she said.
"We need to get more serious as a culture about making it possible for law enforcement to act in very serious situations like this.
"GamerGate could very seriously drive most women out of the industry. I realise that's a very strong statement and I absolutely mean it. I don't know a single woman in this field who is not asking herself if she wants to stay."
Image copyright Feminist Frequency Image caption Feminist video blogger Anita Sarkeesian also said she had fled her home after receiving death threats
Ms Wu's experience was similar to those of games reviewer Anita Sarkeesian and developer Zoe Quinn, who were also on the receiving end of abuse.
Allegations about Ms Quinn's personal relationships with journalists were presented as evidence of "possible corruption" in the industry.
Ms Sarkeesian was hounded after releasing the latest in a series of video blogs that criticised bestselling games for propagating sexist stereotypes.
I don't know a single woman in this field who is not asking herself if she wants to stay Brianna Wu, Head of development, Giant Spacekat
In response to the treatment meted out to Ms Sarkeesian, thousands of people signed an open letter calling on the gaming industry to change.
Ms Wu singled out IGN and Giant Bomb as two popular websites that she said had not drawn enough attention to the abuse aimed at women.
"They are choosing not to cover this story, or Zoe's story, or any of these stories. This has a real silencing effect," she told the BBC.
"These are video game sites that are tailored towards men, so the people that most need to understand the harassment and culture that's being created, the sites that speak to them are not covering this."
While Giant Bomb has not covered the debate in depth, it did report Ms Wu's story on Monday. Readers of both IGN and Giant Bomb have also discussed the wider debate on their forums.
Neither of the two sites was able to comment when asked for a response.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Brianna Wu has largely remained defiant in the face of abuse
The increasingly bitter GamerGate debate, she said, mirrored the polarisation of American politics.
"It is not a secret that I am a feminist and I have more liberal views and a lot of these GamerGaters have more right-wing views," she said.
"What we are seeing now is this political polarisation spreading into different industries. It is certainly happening to women in tech and it is certainly happening to women in games."
'GamerGate'
Those who have used the GamerGate hashtag, which was coined by actor Adam Baldwin, have argued that their core demand was better ethical standards in gaming journalism.
They have called for journalists with conflicts of interest to disclose relevant personal relationships or avoid writing altogether about the work of their friends.
"GamerGate is anything BUT a bunch of mindless misogynists trying to shut down women in gaming," wrote one user of the IGN website, who used the pseudonym RoboJules.
"It's never been about that. GamerGate is reformation of games media."
Others have argued that some women in the industry are not "real gamers", but rather "social justice warriors" using gaming as a proxy battlefield.
But RoboJules addresses this point in a follow-up blog, saying: "Social justice has its place, even in gaming, but it's not the only part of gaming.
"Some things exist purely for the entertainment of a particular audience, and not every game has to be socially conscious. If social justice has any place in gaming, it's to promote socially conscious game development for the future; not to scorn games and gamers for not catering to a certain agenda."
The debate, however, has regularly been punctured by bouts of abuse against those who have claimed that GamerGate had its origins in the misogynistic hounding of Ms Quinn.
Several other women who have discussed the topic have also complained that they have been targeted with threats of murder and rape.
UAE Names Minister Of Happiness
Enlarge this image toggle caption Uncredited/AP Uncredited/AP
"It might seem crazy what I'm about to say, Sunshine she's here, you can take a break . . . Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof, Because I'm happy"
These lyrics from Pharrell's "Happy," 2014's best-selling song in the United States, could set the theme for the United Arab Emirates, where the prime minister has appointed a "minister of happiness."
The renown poet and head of the world's seventh richest country has seen enough dollar signs to know that money does not buy happiness and so he has appointed Ohood Al Roumi to cheer up his people.
Al Roumi, former head of economic policy for the UAE emirate of Dubai, is the current director general of the prime minister's office. She'll keep doing that job while doubling as "minister of state for happiness."
Al Roumi will "align and drive government policy to create social good and satisfaction," Sheikh Mohammed said. "Happiness in the UAE is not just a hope, there will [be] plans, projects, programmes and indicators."
The move, which Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum announced Wednesday via Twitter to his 5.58 million followers, comes as part of the biggest cabinet shakeup in the country's 44-year history and during the World Government Summit taking place in Dubai.
"Happy" is not the only tune Sheikh Mohammed is singing. He's also created a minister of tolerance and refocused the Ministry of Cabinet Affairs as Ministry of Cabinet Affairs and The Future.
"It is the beginning of a new journey of achievement and giving to the people, and we ask God to help us serve and take care of them," Sheikh Mohammed posted in Arabic.
Sheikh Mohammed says that he wants to make the UAE "one of the best countries in the world" within five years, and he's created a poem "Happy Nation" to match that vision:
"Our people are happy and in their prime,
Since the days of Zayed till the end of time. Blessed with honor and dignity they thrive, Admonished by none, they lead a joyous revive. While some struggle with obstacles and strain, Our people are sheltered from agony and pain. Their children wrapped in peace, they do not fear, For their wishes and desires, they need not shed a tear. They live in justice, their dreams fulfilled, Not chasing illusions, their visions instilled."
According to the New York Times, however, not everyone is smiling at this new mandate.
"The Ministry of Happiness sounds sort of Orwellian and sinister given that this is a surveillance state, but it is in line with their quite high self-regard," said Nicholas McGeehan, a researcher at Human Rights Watch. "You can be happy as long as you keep your mouth shut," Mr. McGeehan said. "That is the sort of social contract that is in place there."
Multiple media outlets have described the UAE's appointment of the minister of happiness as reminiscent of Bhutan's move in 1972 in creating a Gross National Happiness Index, valuing and promoting happiness as much as its economic success.
The Times reported the UAE ranked No. 20 on the 2015 World Happiness Report, above Britain and below Belgium, with Switzerland No. 1, and the United States No. 15. It would appear the UAE will be singing, clapping and dancing its way like Pharrell to that No. 1 spot.
Minnesota state officials are trying to take some of the sting out of high student-loan debt, rolling out a new program that could allow thousands of residents to refinance student loans and drive down monthly payments.
“If a student is graduating with such a high debt load, it makes it just so much more difficult for them to do so much more in our economy, whether it is bought a house or start a small business or buy a car,” Lt. Gov. Tina Smith said Thursday. “If we want to have an economy that works for everyone in Minnesota, we cannot allow these high debt loads to put a crunch on our competitiveness.”
Smith and Higher Education Commissioner Larry Pogemiller announced the launch of the program Thursday at Winona State University.
Pogemiller said that for a borrower who owes $40,000 at an 8 percent interest rate, the new refinancing option could lower monthly payments between $200 and $300. If the same borrower chose a quicker repayment option, they could save $25,000 in interest charges. “For some borrowers, this could be very significant,” Pogemiller said.
The issue is a huge one in Minnesota, which ranks fifth nationally in the amount of college-loan debt carried by residents. Minnesotans have an average of nearly $32,000 in outstanding loans, according to the Project on Student Debt.
The new proposal comes as the hardship of student debt is taking a larger role in national politics, gaining new attention from presidential candidates during debates and at campaign stops.
Nationally, student-loan debt reached $1.3 trillion in November of last year, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. That amount has eclipsed what Americans owe on both auto loans and credit card debt.
The new refinancing program is administered by the Minnesota Office of Higher Education. It was the result of the 2014 legislative session, where a law change that year allowed the higher-education agency to refinance student loans through the sale of state-backed bonds.
“This new loan refinancing program is just one of the ways we are addressing the staggering problem of student debt,” said Rep. Gene Pelowski, DFL-Winona, who was a leading champion of the change that year.
Nationally, seven in 10 college students who graduated in 2014 had loan debt, according to the survey by the nonprofit Institute for College Access & Success, with an average of $28,950 per borrower.
The issue has strong bipartisan appeal.
Minnesota House Republicans on Thursday said their current tax proposal could provide tax credits for those with student loans.
The legislation “would have put money back in the pockets of more than 100,000 Minnesotans working to pay back their student loans,” said Rep. Marion O'Neill, vice chair of the House Higher Education Committee.
Balancing loan payments
Amy Nicholas, 40, and her husband both took out student loans to pay for their educations, but have had to guard their budget carefully in recent years.
Nicholas, who works in the information technology field, graduated from Augsburg College in December and said she owes about $70,000 in student loans. She and her husband, who has a master's degree, are preparing to dig deep this year to pay off what they owe, she said. Collectively, they owe roughly $220,000 in student loans.
“Our student loans together would be what a house payment would be,” Nicholas said. “It'll affect the way we live, even though we're both in fairly well-paying jobs.
The economic recession hit their family hard. They lost their home during the downturn, and their student loan debt makes future plans to own a home uncertain. “I don't know if we'll ever buy a home again,” she said.
Matthew O'Flaherty, a 25-year-old loan document specialist, graduated from Minnesota State University, Mankato in the summer of 2012 with a business management degree and currently owes more than $36,000 in student loans.
He and his wife of two years both have significant student debt.
“When we talk about planning a family someday, that's a big thing that comes up,” O'Flaherty said. “We can afford our life now, but if we added more into it with these student loans, is that something we can still afford moving forward?”
Rebekka Kelly, 22, of Fridley, graduated with a degree in biology from Augsburg College in May of 2015. She currently works two restaurant jobs in order to keep up with her monthly loan payments on $80,000 in debt, and she also moved back home with her family to cut down on expenses.
“There needs to be a bit more focus on the younger generation,” she said. “A lot of people aren't going to school because they can't afford it.”
How refinancing works
To be eligible, borrowers must be Minnesota residents and have completed at least one postsecondary credentialed program. They must also meet certain credit requirements or have a creditworthy co-signer.
Qualified borrowers could refinance some student loans and there are different repayment options. Borrowers could repay their loan over time periods of as little as five years, and as long as 15 years.
The maximum loan amount that can be refinanced for a bachelor or graduate degree is $70,000. The maximum loan amount for a two-year diploma or certificate is $25,000.
Federal loans qualify under the program, and so do private loans, so long as they paid for “qualified” education expenses.
Time Out
1977 more of the same? get lost
Walmart Raising the Minimum Wage Is Not a Triumph of Business. It's a Failure of Government.
Nope! Nope! Nope! Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck these guys. Ken Wolter / Shutterstock.com
Republicans are big believers in letting business lead the way for America. That's exactly what happened today: Republicans in Congress have been so derelict in their duties that big business is effectively raising the minimum wage for them. Walmart has announced that they're raising their minimum wage to nine dollars an hour this year, and ten dollars an hour next year. Let's be clear: Walmart isn't doing this to be "nice." It's not because it's the "right thing to do." It is the bare minimum, the literal very least they could do. They're doing this because the minimum wage in America is so low that it's affecting the bottom line of their business. Workers are getting sick and going broke. Walmart employees are unable to feed their families, so they're working multiple jobs—to the point where their productivity is suffering. President Obama has called for a minimum wage increase on multiple occasions, but Republicans in Congress have done nothing. They're letting America fall apart, in the hopes that big business will put it back together again.
But the point of government is to force big business to do the right thing, not the other way around. If the minimum wage had kept pace with inflation and worker productivity, the minimum wage in America would right now be higher than Walmart will be paying next year. You can be sure that Walmart is not paying a penny more than they need to resolve their staffing crises; it's government's job to make sure that workers are being fairly compensated for their time. But government is willfully neglecting its duty, and so now we live in a country where Walmart is praised for making a gesture toward fairness.
The thing that bugs the hell out of me in all this is that slimy Ayn Rand-loving Republicans like Paul Ryan and Rand Paul are going to point to Walmart's "generosity" as a sign that business can regulate itself. That's not what this is. This is business cleaning up the mess left by an inattentive and uncaring government. The American worker doesn't even figure into this story, except as a blunt instrument. When I look at this story, all I see is the beginning of a dystopian novel.
A Calgary father and his son, who face charges of public incitement of hatred and defamatory libel, have filed a notice to have their jury trial heard at a different venue in Alberta.
Milan Papez Sr., 74, and Milan Papez Jr., 54, did not specify during a hearing on Tuesday before Court of Queen's Bench Justice Earl Wilson, however, to where they wanted the trial moved.
Wilson, who noted only that the application is because of “pre-trial publicity,” then set a hearing for Oct. 14 to hear arguments by the two accused and Crown prosecutor Steve Johnston. Lawyers must file their written arguments by Oct. 5.
No date will be set for the trial at Court of Queen's Bench until after a ruling on next month's application.
Earlier on Tuesday, Wilson upheld provincial court judge Derek Redmond's Dec. 9 decision from a preliminary hearing to commit the accused to trial on the charges of hate crime in connection with signs targeting specific individuals and a specific community.
Papez Sr., who finished last in the Mayoral race in the October 2013 municipal election, faces four counts of public incitement of hatred and one count of defamatory libel. Papez Jr. faces three counts of public incitement of hatred and one count of defamatory libel.
Both men, who have been representing themselves for the pre-trial hearings, will do so at the change of venue hearing and likely for the trial as well.
Police said after charges were laid early last year that the rare charges are laid when statements communicated in public set off hatred against an identifiable group and are likely to lead to a breach of peace.
They had received more than a dozen complaints about the two men holding signs in Chinatown and near the courthouse between Jan. 6 and Jan. 27, 2014.
The placards bore messages targeting the Chinese community and an individual of Asian descent, as well as prominent defence lawyer Alain Hepner, whose image and name was used to incite hatred, according to court documents.
Papez and his son have been spotted in downtown Calgary on various advocacy campaigns for years. Both faced public incitement of hatred charges in 1997 in relation to an incident near Chinatown.
Both were released in early February 2014 on a non-cash bail Friday. Conditions include staying away from Chinatown.
dslade@calgaryherald.com
Twitter.com/heraldcourt
Greetings, Welcome to the November 2nd progress entry PART 1. Like last month, we will discuss the progress made by the INT team during the previous month. I will share with you a collection of reports compiled from the team leads. During the past month of October, the INT team has advanced light years in establishing our goals for release.
Posted by INTgame on Nov 2nd, 2014
PART 2 FOCUSING ON SOUND AND CREATIVE DEVELOPEMENT CAN BE FOUND HERE
We have accomplished several important milestones, which I will share with you in the following paragraphs. While we still have some distance left to travel before release, we are nearing our final milestone of the demo.
Art
The art department, led by Monte, has continued making progress on the street level. New concepts, animations and hard surface/organic models have been developed for the project. We are continuing to polish and add extra content to our first level. Additionally, we have been hard at work building roof elements and buildings for the street level. Below you will find two models from our art team. We have put these on sketchfab so you can see them in 3D.
Roof Element #3/ - Sketchfab.com
Matt:
Matt's Roof Element #3 is part of a larger collection of roof elements that, when combined, give us a unique set of models we can place on any of Bastion's buildings. These will allow us to customize the buildings and, since it is part of a set, give us a chance to make each building top as unique as possible.
Character Creation Chair - Sketchfab.com
Johnny:
Johnny's chair is a polished version of a chair previously released. This chair will feature prominently in our character creation studio. Please look out for more information about our character creation studio; we will announce details on this in the coming weeks. We will continue to release one or two models a month via sketchfab to give everyone a chance to look at our 3D models in 3D. I hope you all enjoyed these models and again a big thanks to Johnny and Matt for the work and time put into them. In addition to these models, I would also like to share some concept art with you for the street level and beyond.
Above is a picture of an ARS shotgun pictured. This is a legacy weapon and it is commonly used for ship-to-ship combat. However, you may find several NPC types on Bastion wielding a legacy shotgun, perhaps an ARS version in the darker parts of the city. Thank you to Kong for the ARS shotgun concept.
Pictured above is the third in a series of proposed spaceships by our concept artist, Josh. If you missed the mid-month update then please check the other two out here: Indiedb.com
Please sound off in the comments if you want to let us know what you think about the other two ships in the set, nicknamed the Turtle and S63 Series. Also, let us know if you have a name for ship concept #2 pictured in this update!
Coding
Last month, coding led by Abasys presented a video showcasing NPC path-finding. If you missed that video then I would encourage you to re-visit it here:
In the month of October our coding staff finished the inventory system, simple HUD/GUI, and NPC movement + AI. Our next objective and one of our final coding objectives is to implement the dialogue, quest material, random elements, and combat. Look for a unified and compiled video with art in the coming months showcasing these features.
Writing
This month we have begun to roll out what we are calling the journals of war. Check out our first update from this week.
In addition to this journal of war entry, written by BC and edited by Andrew, I am releasing another journal of war with this update. This journal of war written by myself and edited by Andrew.
These updates will be released periodically and tell stories woven throughout the INT-verse. You will experience the Interstellar Civil War from the perspective of soldiers, civilians, and the upper echelons of society. I hope you enjoyed these two journal entries, and be on the lookout for more to come in the coming days. Finally, I am pleased to announce that writing has finished nearly 100% of the necessary dialogue and materials for the public demo.
Thanks as always and have a great month!
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook
Stay tuned for PART 2.
What happens at E3...lives forever.
Starting on Sunday, we're going to be neck deep into E3 2016 aka The Electronic Entertainment Expo aka The Electronic Three. Unless you've been living under a rock for the past twenty-one years, you know that E3 is the biggest trade show for the video game industry. We're gonna see countless new trailers, demos, announcements, interviews, and live streams over the next week or so. What does that mean in relation to you and Giant Bomb? It means there's going to be a tidal wave of new threads created to talk about this stuff and almost as many wiki submissions for new games. But, if you follow these simple steps, you'll survive the chaos.
A lot of what you'll see below should be utilized year-round, but especially during the insanity of E3.
Press Conferences
From Sunday afternoon through Tuesday morning, you are going to see threads dedicated to each press conference (EA, Bethesda,Microsoft, Ubisoft, Sony, and Nintendo). These threads will be posted and stickied shortly before each press conference. They are the go-to place for any and all discussion for their respective press conferences before, during, and after the show is over. So, don't go posting a brand-new thread each time someone new walks out on stage and says something dumb/funny/insane/amazing. Let's try to keep it all in one place.
Here are the details on when the shows are. For commentary by Giant Bomb staff, you'll want to be watching them streamed in chat. The "Local Time" link translate the time automatically to your local time.
EA Play 2016
Sunday, June 12 @ 1 PM PDT - Club Nokia @ LA Live (Local Time)
The Bethesda E3 Showcase
Sunday, June 12 @ 7:00 PM PDT - Dolby Theatre (Local Time)
Xbox E3 2016 Briefing
Monday, June 13 @ 9:30 AM PDT - Galen Center (Local Time)
Ubisoft E3 Media Briefing 2016
Monday, June 13 @ 1:00 PM PDT - Orpheum Theater (Local Time)
PlayStation E3 2016 Press Conference
Monday, June 13 @ 6:00 PM PDT - Shrine Auditorium (Local Time)
Nintendo Live @ E3
Tuesday, June 14 @ 9:00 AM PDT (Local Time)
Individual Games
We know you want to talk about all these glorious new games that are about to get announced. But, there's no sense in fifty duders creating a new thread to talk about that thing that Adam Boyes just announced 18 seconds ago. And, in case you didn't know, every game in the Giant Bomb database has a forum attached to it. Tidy organization is built right in!
The idea here is to not clog up the General Discussion. Any thread that is about a specific game should be attached to that game's forum. If a moderator spots your thread about Mass Effect: Andromeda's exclusive pre-order bonus in General, it's going to get moved, so help us out and just start by posting it where it should go.
If you're confused, let's break it down.
...AND THEN...
E3 is fast and furious, so we know there are going to be duplicates, but help us out by taking a few seconds to check first. The dupes that get through will soon be locked anyway.
The Wiki
But, what if there's no page for the game I want to talk about?!
Well, the answer is pretty simple. Go ahead and make a page for it. Before you do, though, make doubly sure there's not already one created. We have a some hardcore wiki users that are going to be lightning quick on new stuff. Sometimes, when a new page is created, it takes a bit of time to show up in search. Here's a tip for you:
<< !!! THIS PAGE HAS THE MOST RECENTLY ADDED GAMES !!! >>
Even if someone submitted it three seconds ago, it's going to be there. So, use that instead of just checking the search bar. The mods will be monitoring the wiki queue like hawks trying to get the new stuff through as quickly as possible.
CitizenKane's Patented Bullet Points of Recapping
An official, pinned thread for each of the six press conferences.
Any topics about individual games should be placed inside their respective games' forums and NOT in General Discussion.
Check for already existing threads about what you want to talk about.
Topics not in the correct place will be moved by moderators immediately.
Any user who continues to post such topics in GD will receive an official warning. So be cool.
Follow these simple steps, and have fun. It's E3 time!
And That...
E3 is one of the most fun times of the year for anyone who loves games. It's fast. It's chaotic. It's sometimes ridiculous and/or hilarious. All of us here in the Giant Bomb community want to have a good time with all the news, announcements, trailers, and late-night podcasts. So, let's all do our part to keep things as organized as possible so everyone can find anything they're looking for during E3 2016.
Got questions? Feel free to post them here so that anyone else with the same/similar question can get helped at the same time.
Let's do this!
Harris sheriff: Teen couple stuffed slain mom in suitcase Teen killed girlfriend's mom, stuffed her in suitcase, sheriff's office says
Investigators said Priscilla Rodriguez confessed to helping Gerson Funes-Reina put the body in a suitcase. Investigators said Priscilla Rodriguez confessed to helping Gerson Funes-Reina put the body in a suitcase. Photo: Harris County Sheriff's Office Photo: Harris County Sheriff's Office Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Harris sheriff: Teen couple stuffed slain mom in suitcase 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 19-year-old has been charged with murder in the death of his girlfriend's mother, whose body was found inside a suitcase in northeast Harris County.
Gerson Funes-Reina is accused of killing Maria Rodriguez, 55, according to a statement from the Harris County Sheriff's Office. According to court documents, Funes-Reina is suspected of strangling Rodriguez with ``a rope or unknown ligature'' on Friday.
The investigation began about 10 a.m. Sunday when a man driving along a secluded private road saw a black suitcase in the woods near Guinn and 10th Street.
The man partially opened the suitcase, saw a body inside and called police.
Investigators identified the body and then discovered Rodriguez had been reported missing by her husband Friday.
Sheriff's investigators said Rodriguez's daughter, Priscilla Rodriguez, confessed to helping her boyfriend put the body in a suitcase and disposing of it.
Priscilla Rodriguez, 17, was charged with abuse of a corpse.
Bernie Sanders, presidential candidate and firebrand of the left, has a lot of respect for President Obama. But he believes the president made a major mistake after running “one of the great campaigns in American history”: He left his activist supporters behind.
“The biggest mistake that Barack Obama made” was essentially to tell his supporters, “Thank you very much for electing me, I'll take it from here,” Senator Sanders told reporters at a Monitor-hosted breakfast Thursday. “I will not make that mistake.”
Sanders, a Vermont Independent running for the Democratic nomination, has been drawing the biggest crowds of any candidate running, from either major party. The challenge he faces is to turn that interest into an organized movement.
“I do not believe that any president who's standing up for the working class of this country can be successful without a mobilized, activist, grass-roots movement behind him or her,” Sanders said. “So I will be working hard to make sure that that mobilization exists.”
Sanders was also adamant about talking issues, not political positioning or strategy. When asked what he thought Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton's biggest vulnerabilities were, he balked.
“Campaigns are not baseball games,” Sanders said.
Jeb Bush has a new campaign manager? “Nobody cares!”
“This campaign is about the fact that this country faces enormously serious problems,” Sanders says.
He ticks through his list:
“Why is the middle class of this country disappearing?
“Is it moral that we have massive wealth and income inequality?
“Are the scientists right that climate change is one of the great planetary crises that we face and that we've got to move aggressively on it?
“Should college education be available to all regardless of their income?
“Why are we the only major country on Earth without a national health-care program guaranteeing health care for all people?"
Sanders's solutions are controversial – a reflection of his belief in Scandinavian-style Democratic socialism. He wants “Medicare for all,” free tuition at all public universities, a $15-an-hour minimum wage, paid leave for parents of newborns, paid sick leave, and paid vacation.
Sanders acknowledges that his health-care proposal would require higher taxes, but Americans would come out ahead, he says.
“Yes, of course taxes would go up to pay for health care,” Sanders says. “But you know what would go down? Private insurance. You would not be paying private insurance. So if I said to you, ‘Well, you're not going to pay Blue Cross $12,000 a year but you're going to pay $10,000 more in taxes, are you going to be crying? No.”
Sanders promises to unveil a comprehensive tax plan, which his team is still working on. He said it would “end loopholes that allow corporations to stash profits in the Cayman Islands,” and include a progressive individual income tax.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Back to the question of Mrs. Clinton: “I like Hillary, I respect Hillary, I disagree with her.”
And he promises not to come out with any negative ads. He says he's never done one, throughout his political career – from his first successful election in 1981 as mayor of Burlington, Vt., to his election to the House, then to the Senate – and doesn't plan to start now.
At least four Israeli soldiers have been killed and several more wounded after a truck rammed into the troops in Jerusalem with authorities calling it a deliberate attack.
Al Jazeera's Bernard Smith, reporting from Jerusalem, said the driver of the attacking vehicle was shot dead following the incident on Sunday.
"Disturbing CCTV footage shows the truck coming down the street, clearly the driver spotted the soldiers when he hit them," Smith said.
At least 10 soldiers were trapped under the truck but later rescued with three in critical condition, he quoted a medical official as saying.
Leah Schreiber, a witness, told reporters: "He drove backward to crush more people. That was really clear."
An image posted on social media showed a white lorry with several bullet holes through its windscreen.
Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said the victims were disembarking from a bus when suddenly the lorry driver "ran his vehicle into them".
A police spokeswoman said on Israel Radio it was "a terrorist attack, a ramming attack", adding bodies were "strewn on the street".
Police said the dead, three women and one man, were all in their 20s, without identifying them further. Soldiers' deaths are announced in Israel only after families are notified.
The attack comes amid a more than year-long wave of Palestinian shooting, stabbing, and vehicular attacks against Israelis that has slowed of late. Sunday's incident marks the first Israeli casualties in three months.
Palestinian shot dead after alleged car attack
Since October 2015, 247 Palestinians, 40 Israelis, two Americans, a Jordanian, an Eritrean and a Sudanese have been killed in the wave of violence, according to an AFP news agency count.
Israel says the violence is driven by Palestinian incitement. Palestinians say it's the result of nearly 50 years of Israeli occupation.
The Palestinian Hamas group that governs Gaza praised Sunday's attack.
"We bless this heroic operation resisting the Israeli occupation to force it to stop its crimes and violations against our people," Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum told Reuters news agency.
Well, at least the coronation of Trudeau II is out of the way. Now the new young King of all Good Causes will move, accompanied by a 30-member cabinet of diversity and inclusiveness, of young innocents and ancient backroom hackers, to the next phase of what promises to be one of the most painful political adventures in the history of the Dominion of Canada.
Can Prime Minister Justin Trudeau even begin to deliver on his promise to transform the government of Canada into some new shining beacon of openness, collaboration, principle and trust? No, he cannot. Nor can he long continue as the defender of all the shibboleths and empty slogans that still dominate the hackneyed rhetoric and political correctness that animated the Liberals through the election.
The cabinet titles alone reflect vacuous pandering to the false notion that government has the responsibility and capacity to mould and uplift all sectors of society. For starters, the prime minister has assigned himself the role of minister of youth, an undefined job he launched into immediately after taking the oath of office by joining an online Google Hangout for schoolkids.
Being minister of youth apparently doesn't cover enough youth, and so another cabinet minister has been assigned to the Ministry of Families, Children and Social Development. There's also a sports minister. In other areas there's an infrastructure minister, plus a minister of small business, a minister of democratic institutions, and a minister of science — which apparently is to be distinguished from the minister of innovation, science and economic development. The minister of the environment is now also minister of climate change, where it looks like no science is required. The minister of international trade is presumably different from the minister of international development.
Trudeau declared that “government by cabinet is back” and that the Liberals will make sure “open data and evidence-based policy is at the heart of policy-making.” Cabinet ministers, we are told, will have authority to make some of their own decisions free from the bossy control of the PMO and policy insiders.
This is mostly fantasy. No government can delegate policy-making to individual cabinet ministers. It's not even clear that, when the crunch comes, cabinet necessarily rules, especially a cabinet as alarmingly devoid of experience and depth as the one Trudeau appointed.
But enough of this. The sooner the Trudeau government can get down to reality-based policies and statements, the better for the government and all Canadians.
Ottawa has been at a standstill for at least a year, smothered in election campaign gibberish, false promises and glib sloganeering. The country is now adrift in fiscal uncertainty and heading into a global climate conference that could saddle Canada with growth-killing and unreachable carbon emissions targets.
One clear sign reality is creeping up on the new government is the climbdown on Syrian refugees. The Liberal promise of allowing 25,000 to enter Canada by the end of the year — an campaign ploy — is gone, suddenly deemed impossible by experts within days of the election. While Europe is absorbing millions of refugees, Canada has yet to set any new targets heading into 2016.
There will be more policy retrenchment in coming months. Among the many major challenges facing Ottawa, none can be resolved with a prime ministerial hug or another round of gender parity.
Budgets, deficits and infrastructure: imaginary money flew everywhere during the election, but the slowdown in world growth and falling oil and commodity prices mean that Ottawa, the provinces and major cities have less cash to spend on high-profile transportation and other projects. Ballooning deficits and lower tax collections provide a weak foundation for major infrastructure borrowing, not just in Ottawa. Unless care is taken, Canadian governments could soon find themselves back on the debt treadmill.
Tax policy: soak the rich to pay for middle-class tax cuts makes for good election results but bad economic policy. Will Finance Minister Bill Morneau, who might know that gouging Canada's few high-income earners is economically destructive, have new authority as a free-thinking cabinet minister to tell Canadians he has better ideas?
Climate change: at the United Nations conference in Paris, more than 190 countries and 40,000 bureaucrats and NGO activists will attempt to come up with a plan to control the climate, transfer billions from rich nations to poor, and force Canada to sign on to significant carbon emissions limits. It will be interesting to see what “open data and evidence-based” policy calculations Trudeau produces over the next 30 days when he joins Elizabeth May, provincial premiers and his new green Minister of Climate Change in Paris.
King Trudeau is a charming man who seems to believe his own rhetoric and in his promises. It will be painful to watch if, as seems likely, his rhetoric gets run over by reality.
Financial Post
• Email: tcorcoran@nationalpost.com | Twitter: terencecorcoran
Chris Porter has been on a line with Brayden Schenn and Scott Laughton so far in camp. (Photo: Bruce Bennett/Getty Images) Story Highlights Porter played for Hakstol at University of North Dakota
Flyers move Philly-based players to a Voorhees hotel before Pope's arrival
VOORHEES For “a few years,” Flyers general manager Ron Hextall said, he's been interested in getting Chris Porter.
Now that the 31-year-old left wing is here, the perception is a little like the Philadelphia Eagles signing a player from Oregon.
See, Porter played for new coach Dave Hakstol at the University of North Dakota. He served as the captain in his senior season, 2006-07. The two get along great. Each year UND made the NCAA tournament after he graduated, Porter would send a text message to Hakstol and the Fighting Sioux coaching staff.
These days, it's not a long-distance communication. Porter is one of 17 remaining forwards in Hakstol's rookie training camp as an NHL head coach.
“I try not to associate myself with the past with him,” said Porter, who signed a one-year, $575,000 deal August 8. “I play my own style. I want to have them appreciate that. I don't want to have that whole Hakstol-Porter playing together thing. It's nice to have him here but at the same sense, I want to do it on my own.”
Porter's line all camp has stayed the same and it's an intriguing one. He's playing on a line with two young players that the Flyers have been hoping to see more out of — Brayden Schenn and Scott Laughton.
“They have been a lot of fun to play with. I talk to them on the bench,” Porter said. “They think a little differently than I do. It's been nice to get their side of things. I am just trying to get in on the forecheck and create a little room for them. They know what to do when they get the puck.”
If the line is built of misfits and players the Flyers don't know what to do with, Porter wants to change that perception. He already has experience as a fringe guy and wants to get back to playing.
Last season, Porter was up with the St. Louis Blues all year and was a healthy scratch 41 times. He also missed 20 games after breaking his leg last December after playing on a line with Jori Lehtera and Vladimir Tarasenko.
“Not that I was deserving to play there,” Porter said, “I just happened to be there and was playing well and went down and tried to battle back and we were playing well when I came back from the injury. It was hard to get back in the lineup. I played in the playoffs, which is the most important thing in my mind. It was a tough year.”
Porter is hoping that he doesn't have a two-month hiatus with the Flyers like he did with the Blues last season. For now, he's hoping he just makes the team. Indications are that the Flyers would like to do whatever they can to keep him around because he's made the wait to get him worth it so far.
“I think he's had a solid camp,” Hakstol said. “I wasn't at his exhibition game. I was in a different place that particular night, but in terms of training camp, he's brought what he brings to the table day in and day out: good consistency. He's a pro.”
Pope visit keeps Flyers in South Jersey
If Luke Schenn really could, he might think about waiting in line to see Pope Francis when he comes to Philadelphia Saturday morning. After all, it wouldn't be far from his Center City apartment.
The Flyers don't want any of their players in the city while the pope is in town, so the Philadelphia-based players moved into a Voorhees hotel Thursday.
“Coming to Philadelphia it's pretty special,” said Schenn, who was brought up Catholic and still adheres closely with the faith. “Obviously we're unable to take part in it, which would have been cool somehow if we had gotten the chance to meet him, but obviously they want no part of us being downtown, which is obviously good.”
Schenn has always been religious. He married his girlfriend of eight years, Jeska, over the summer and her family is also “very Catholic.”
“Going to school is probably a huge part of it,” Schenn said of why he stayed with the faith. “It's mandatory, like math class, to graduate. It's not optional or nothing like that. It's obviously a huge part of my everyday for sure.”
Loose pucks
Because of the pending road closures for the papal visit, the Flyers moved Friday's morning skate to their Voorhees practice facility at 9:15 a.m. … Like Tuesday's game against the Rangers, Friday's game will also feature a mandatory five-minute, 3-on-3 overtime regardless of the final score.
Dave Isaac; (856) 486-2479; disaac@gannettnj.com.
Christine Rodriguez, the author
For years, the school-to-prison pipeline has afflicted communities of color in New York. From a young age, students begin to be treated like criminals within the confines of their own schools—from being handcuffed, suspended, and arrested for minor incidents to starting the day by walking through metal detectors and having police be the first people they see.
Young people treated as criminals in school are much less likely to succeed. I've seen it first-hand among my high school peers. There are more police officers than counselors in our schools, which makes students feel like they are expected to end up in jail rather college.
This year, I graduated from high school, and I am committed to help end the school-to-prison pipeline. We must stop pushing youth out of school - New York City should be leading the way.
Recently, there was good news for New Yorkers who want to see an end to punitive discipline and more support of students to succeed. The Mayor's Leadership Team on School Climate and Discipline, convened earlier this year and of which I am a member, issued a set of recommendations last month that include measures to reduce school suspensions and arrests, address racial disparities, and collect more important data that will show what we know has been happening inside our schools.
The de Blasio administration, which convened the Leadership Team, has responded enthusiastically, and has committed to incorporating these recommendations into official city policy. Already, the administration has issued a new mission statement that includes a commitment to "reduce the use of suspensions as a disciplinary tool and will eliminate the use of summonses and arrests for minor school misbehavior while continuing to advance school safety."
The time is right for strong action. Students cannot wait. In 2011, Make the Road New York and many of our partners worked to pass the Student Safety Act, which for the first time made public what we already knew: too many black and Latino youth are being pushed out of school through arrests and suspensions for minor behaviors. The situation has improved under Mayor de Blasio's leadership, but there are still major disparities in school suspensions and arrests that are hurting young people of color and students with disabilities across our city.
And, under the 2011 law, we are still not able to collect data on hundreds of arrests by police offers, all suspensions, and the use of handcuffs and other restraints (which have been used on students as young as five years old). We look forward to getting this data soon.
The new recommendations from the Leadership Team acknowledge continuing challenges and signal a citywide commitment to reform. There is no time to waste.
The next step will be critical. In the coming months, the de Blasio administration, the Department of Education, and the NYPD will work to turn these recommendations into policy. Meanwhile, they will need to ensure that young people of color—who have been disparately affected by this problem—continue to be part of this conversation, weighing in on how we are being treated in our city's schools and making sure that our wellbeing is front and center in the public discussion.
Equally important, resources need to be allocated to implement new programs, trainings, and staffing to make policy changes effective and ultimately successful.
We're moving in the right direction, but we can't stop now.
***
Christine Rodriguez is a Youth Power Project member of Make the Road New York, the largest grassroots community organization in New York offering services and organizing the immigrant community, and a member of the Mayor's Leadership Team on School Climate and Discipline. On Twitter: @maketheroadny
UN climate deal gives the US president a free hand to demand stronger emissions curbs from states, argue legal experts
By Megan Darby
Barack Obama's use of executive powers to bypass Congress on climate policy has already angered US Republicans.
They are going all out to destroy his clean power plan, accusing the president and federal agencies of overreaching their authority.
But a group of environmental lawyers is arguing he can – and should – go further to impose emissions cuts on states, now a UN climate pact has been agreed.
Existing policy measures are not projected to deliver on the US target: a 26-28% cut in emissions from 2005 levels by 2025. And Republican contenders for the upcoming presidential election are universally dismissive of climate concerns, raising fears the momentum of Obama's term could be lost.
December's Paris agreement empowers Obama to use his last year in office to close the gap, say experts from Columbia Law School, the Emmett Institute and Institute for Policy Integrity.
Their case is based on section 115 of the Clean Air Act, “an untapped but potent source of federal authority”. Designed to help the US cooperate with other countries on international air pollution, the provision can also apply to global warming.
It allows the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to mandate emissions cuts from each state to protect public health and welfare, under certain conditions.
The Paris deal, under which nearly 190 countries have submitted plans to curb their climate impact, means those conditions are met. It shows others are prepared to reciprocate US efforts.
One way the EPA could put this into practice is to set up a nationwide emissions trading scheme. This, the lawyers write, “would arguably provide the most effective and efficient means of furthering climate action in the United States in the absence of new legislation”.
Brian Potts, lawyer at Foley & Lardner, independently endorsed that opinion in an article for Politico. The provision “raises important questions about national sovereignty and states' rights — questions that Republicans would undoubtedly use to try and kill such a proposal,” he wrote. “But the benefits of using this mechanism dwarf those concerns.”
So, it was 1:30am, I had just returned home from a 1 week trip to see my family. The day had be plagued with flight delays and what should have taken 6 hours took 12. I was exhausted to say the least, but there on my door step was a box waiting for me! A rather heavy box. I dragged it inside along with my luggage and tore that sucker open because I have no patience whatsoever.
Inside? My favorite board game EVER, my personal copy of which was lost a few years ago in some personal drama, Arkham Horror! There was no note, but it was sent to me c/o my reddit username so I can only assume I have my Santa to thank. :D I'm so excited to play this again, thank you Santa!
Belfast's pro-Palestine protesters remove 'Israeli' goods from shelves of Asda in protest over Gaza BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A group of pro-Palestine demonstrators have removed what they said were Israeli-linked products from the shelves of a supermarket in west Belfast. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/belfasts-propalestine-protesters-remove-israeli-goods-from-shelves-of-asda-in-protest-over-gaza-30499929.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article30499948.ece/c91a3/AUTOCROP/h342/palestine_3.jpg
Email
A group of pro-Palestine demonstrators have removed what they said were Israeli-linked products from the shelves of a supermarket in west Belfast.
Dozens packed into the supermarket at the Westwood Centre on Kennedy Way at around 6.30pm on Monday - many chanting 'Free Palestine' - before taking numerous products off the shelves which have 'ties' to Israel.
They then filled shopping trolleys with the goods.
In a statement on Facebook, the group said "We call on others to join the boycott, stand with us over the coming weeks as we take the campaign to those who ignore the plight of the Palestinian people."
Last week dozens of people removed products, including those made by the Coca-Cola company, from the shelves of Sainsbury's supermarket in west Belfast.
Many held aloft banners and flags, shouting 'Free Palestine'.
The footage was published by Seosamh O Bradaigh.
The clip has already received a huge amount of attention through social media.
Elsewhere, last week leading supermarket chain SuperValu has confirmed it ordered all stores to remove Israeli carrots from their shelves in the Republic.
Despite insisting it has not enforced a boycott of goods from the country, an email instruction was sent to all 232 stores last Friday saying the Chantenay variety must not be sold.
SuperValu denied it was imposing a formal ban against Israeli goods in its shops.
In a statement, it said: "SuperValu is not involved in a boycott of Israeli produce and ultimately consumers will make their own purchasing decisions.
"We understand that this is an emotive issue. However, we have a policy of not taking a position on international affairs."
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Nightmarish and chilling program could be expanded nationwide
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday, September 14, 2009
The Associated Press reports today on a truly chilling and nightmarish police program that we have highlighted before – cops forcibly jabbing a syringe into your arm and extracting blood if you are “suspected” of drunk-driving.
The opening two paragraphs in the AP report alone sound like something straight out of a twilight zone episode where vampires have taken over America and turned it into a tyrannical police state in order to satisfy their blood lust. Sound overstated? Read it for yourself.
When police officer Darryll Dowell is on patrol in the southwestern Idaho city of Nampa, he'll pull up at a stoplight and usually start casing the vehicle. Nowadays, his eyes will also focus on the driver's arms, as he tries to search for a plump, bouncy vein.
“I was looking at people's arms and hands, thinking, ‘I could draw from that,'” Dowell said.
The article then goes on to describe how officers in Texas and Idaho are training to withdraw blood from “suspects” as a replacement for the standard breathalyzer test, primarily because police can't make anyone breathe into a tube but apparently, in the “land of the free,” they can forcibly hold someone down and jab a needle into their arm and take their blood, “a practice that's been upheld by Idaho's Supreme Court and the U.S. Supreme Court,” according to the report.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The U.S. Supreme Court also once ruled that black people were slaves, property of their slaveowners with no inherent rights whatsoever, and that those designated to be “feeble minded” by the government could be sterilized – in neither case was either of these rulings in accordance with natural God given rights bestowed upon mankind, as history has shown.
Likewise, cops forcibly jabbing needles in people who are merely “suspected” of being drunk drivers is a total abomination, a complete violation of basic human rights under the Nuremberg code, and one that will likely lead to many injuries and infections – not to mention a cascade of lawsuits.
(ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW)
Despite being littered with internal checkpoints that are now starting to pop up all over America, not even the Nazis or the Soviets sank to the depth of having their goons forcibly stick needles into people's arms to take their blood.
The practice of cops drawing blood at the side of the road has been in place in some areas since 1995 but the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has indicated that the program is ultimately intended to be introduced nationwide.
Nicole Watson, the College of Western Idaho phlebotomy instructor teaching the Idaho officers, described how the process would unfold.
Once they're back on patrol, they will draw blood of any suspected drunk driver who refuses a breath test. They'll use force if they need to, such as getting help from another officer to pin down a suspect and potentially strap them down, Watson said.
Of course, once Americans are trained to accept authority figures jabbing them with needles against their will on a whim, programs for mandatory mass vaccination will be all the easier to implement.
Cops across America are already armed with Tasers for the purpose of inflicting “pain compliance,” otherwise known as torture, now they will also be wielding needles while eyeing up your “plump, bouncy vein”.
Welcome to Amerika 2009 – land of the vampires, home of the slave.
This article was posted: Monday, September 14, 2009 at 5:18 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Bev Oda doesn't regret charging taxpayers $16 for an orange juice and said today on her last day as the MP for Durham that she is retiring with honour and pride.
In an interview with CBC News Network's Power & Politics, Oda refused to explain why she upgraded to a more expensive hotel during a trip to London last June and said that everyone should "move on" from talking about her travel expenses.
Oda, the former minister of international co-operation, told host Evan Solomon that she was not pushed out of cabinet or asked to leave. She said she had been thinking about retirement since the winter.
"It was my decision," Oda said, adding that she wanted to make sure the Canadian International Development Agency was on a good footing and then spend Canada Day in her riding before announcing her decision.
Oda announced on July 3, via a notice on her website, that she was quitting after eight years as a Member of Parliament for the Ontario riding of Durham. She did not provide any explanation for why she was stepping down and declined repeated interview requests in the following days.
Oda, 68, explained on Tuesday that she had already retired once, from her previous career before she entered politics, and that she now wants to get back to "real retirement" and to spend time with her friends and family. She described her international travel as rewarding but "very tiring" and said eight years is a long time.
Oda said her biggest regret over the last eight years was not spending more time with her family.
Bev Oda poses at a school in Afghanistan in 2008. (James McCarten/Canadian Press)
Prime Minister Stephen Harper replaced Oda in cabinet the day after she announced she was stepping down. Julian Fantino, who was associate defence minister, was chosen to replace her. Oda had held the CIDA post since 2007, and before that she was heritage minister in Harper's first cabinet after winning the 2006 election.
Her decision to resign came shortly after she apologized in the House of Commons and she repaid taxpayers for travel expenses she had originally claimed for a trip to London in June 2011, including the expensive orange juice. The controversy was sparked by a Canadian Press report that said she was originally booked to stay at a hotel where she was attending a conference, but had her staff rebook her at the swanky Savoy hotel, where her stay cost her about $665 per night.
The total bill for her three-day stay including the room and room service was $1,995. Oda also hired a car and driver, at a cost of about $1,000 per day, to bring her to the hotel she was originally supposed to stay at. She also incurred a cancellation charge for not staying at the Grange St. Paul's hotel.
Oda initially defended the expenses and said all rules were followed, but later said taxpayers should never have been on the hook for her upgrade and its associated costs. She never explained why she insisted on switching hotels.
Cost of orange juice repaid
Oda told Solomon that the controversies didn't prompt her to resign. When asked if she regrets buying an orange juice for $16 Oda responded, "not at all."
"I had been working hard. I arrived in London, it was very late. I was working on a speech I was to give the next morning," she explained. "That cost of the orange juice was not maybe the appropriate expense for the government to pay. I've repaid that cost and I have apologized for it.
"I would hope that we can all move on, I can move on, be proud of the work that I've done and have Canadians be proud of Canada's position and helping the world's most vulnerable people," she said.
Oda still refused to explain why she changed hotels.
"I went to London on behalf of the people of Canada. I fulfilled my responsibilities there. Any inappropriate expenses were paid by me personally. I apologized," she said.
It wasn't the first time Oda had been in trouble for her spending and she also weathered a controversy around the alteration of a CIDA document that resulted in the denial of funding for an aid group. The $7-million funding grant had originally been approved by CIDA bureaucrats but Oda directed that a "not" be inserted in a document. It then appeared as though the department hadn't recommended that the funding be approved.
Oda had left the impression that KAIROS lost its funding because it didn't fit with CIDA's objectives and that she had acted on her department's advice when that was not in fact the case. She testified at a Commons committee that she didn't know who wrote the word "not" and at that time she did not disclose that it was done at her direction. She later admitted it in the House of Commons.
The matter was eventually brought to the Speaker of the House of Commons and Peter Milliken (now retired) ruled that while what happened was concerning and troubling, he couldn't determine that Oda deliberately misled MPs.
Despite her critics on the opposition benches, Oda was applauded by some for what she accomplished at CIDA and for carrying out major policy changes and initiatives including the G8's focus on child and maternal health.
That initiative was also controversial because the federal government decided not to give money to aid organizations that support abortion services.
Oda said Canada can be proud of what is known as the Muskoka Initiative and that the government "stepped up" and is helping more mothers and children.
"We didn't shy away from potential controversy and we are making a difference. I can be proud of that and all Canadians can be proud of that," Oda told Solomon.
Oda said that she often had to withstand criticism and stand up for decisions the government had made. "They were all the right decisions, the actions were properly undertaken and I'm proud of those things," she said.
Oda said it takes many years for a person's legacy to be formulated and that a lot of discussion in recent months wasn't focused on "the real work" that MPs are supposed to be doing in Ottawa. She said she has received many warm messages from constituents.
"I can hold my head up proudly. I'm proud to have been a part of the government and to have represented the people of my riding honourably," she said.
NEW DELHI: Differences in UPA over the issue of an inquiry into ' snoopgate ' allegedly involving Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday came to the fore with NCP opposing such a probe at this juncture."When the results of the Lok Sabha elections are due in two weeks time, where is the need for such an inquiry," NCP leader and Union minister Praful Patel said.Patel said that party chief Sharad Pawar has talked to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh earlier in the day to convey the party's view in the matter. NCP is the second largest constituent of the Congress-led UPA.The NCP stand came a day after law minister and Congress leader Kapil Sibal said that the government plans to name a judge for the inquiry before counting of votes for the general elections scheduled on May 16.It was alleged that illegal surveillance was carried out on a young woman in Gujarat in 2009 at the behest of Modi. Amit Shah was the home minister of the state at that time.Defending the Centre's move, Sibal had asked why it was being questioned when Modi government itself had set up a probe panel into the issue, showing that there was something to be investigated.He had also said that the state government's probe panel, which was supposed to give its report within three months, has not held a single meeting till date.Another Congress leader Abhishek Manu Singvi has also backed his party's decision to name a judge before May 16 and said that the 'snoopgate' probe was not personal but a matter of public interest.BJP has accused Congress of laying down an "agenda of confrontation" and suggested that it will be "reciprocated" once the saffron party comes to power.
“The global economy is broken,” Oxfam says in a new report which finds eight billionaires own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population.
The charity has urged the all-male group to “play their part” in bridging a gap it describes as “obscene.”
Among other things, Oxfam calls for a crackdown on tax dodging, a living wage for all employees, and asks the rich not to use their economic wealth in return for political favours.
“We've seen countries in the last ten years that have bucked the trend and that are going in the other direction, and are reducing the gap between rich and poor. One thing they do is they get the rich to pay their tax. We've got a situation where billionaires are paying (proportionally) less tax often than their cleaner or their secretary. That's crazy. We're seeing wealth channelled upwards,” said Oxfam Policy Advisor, Max Lawson.
The wealth of the super rich has reportedly surged by around 11 percent per year since 2009 while new data from India and China have indicated that the poorest half of humanity own even less than previously estimated.
The Oxfam report is not without its critics who say that the figures are reliable but the analysis of them is not.
The head of research at the Adam Smith Institute, Ben Southwood, said the wealth of the world's rich does not matter compared to the welfare of the world's poor, which is improving year on year.
He added: “Each year we are misled by Oxfam's wealth statistics. The data is fine – it comes from Credit Suisse – but the interpretation is not.”
Mark Littlewood, of the Institute of Economic Affairs, said Oxfam should focus on ways to boost growth, he said: “As an “anti-poverty“charity, Oxfam seems to be strangely preoccupied with the rich”.
Several billionaires have already said that they will donate vast sums of money to charitable causes. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan have pledged to give away 99% of their wealth within their lifetime. That equates to approximately 42 billion euros.
This month former American billionaire Chuck Feeney signed over his last philanthropic check, having donated almost his entire fortune.
Although some billionaires choose to donate substantial amounts of money in this way, Max Lawson says this does not resolve the fundamental problem of wealth inequality.
“If billionaires choose to give their money away then that is a good thing. But inequality matters and you cannot have a system where billionaires are systematically paying lower rates of tax than their secretary or cleaner,” Lawson added.
The world's eight richest billionaires
1. Bill Gates (US): co-founder of Microsoft (net worth $75bn)
2. Amancio Ortega (Spain): founder of Zara owner Inditex (net worth $67bn)
3. Warren Buffett (US): largest shareholder in Berkshire Hathaway (net worth $60.8bn)
4. Carlos Slim Helu (Mexico): owner of Grupo Carso (net worth $50bn)
5. Jeff Bezos (US): founder and chief executive of Amazon (net worth $45.2bn)
6. Mark Zuckerberg (US): co-founder and chief executive of Facebook (net worth $44.6bn)
7. Larry Ellison (US): co-founder and chief executive of Oracle (net worth $43.6bn)
8. Michael Bloomberg (US): owner of Bloomberg LP (net worth $40bn)
Source: Forbes billionaires' list, March 2016
The report comes as influential figures and many of the world's wealthiest gather in Davos, Switzerland, for this year's World Economic Forum.
Frequently there is confusion about passivation of contextual instances with CDI, especially when non-passivating scopes such as request scoped are injected in passivatable once.
The specification defines passivation (serialization) capabilities, allowing the container to free memory by transferring idle objects to secondary storage when required.
The temporary transfer of the state of an idle object held in memory to some form of secondary storage is called passivation.
The transfer of the passivated state back into memory is called activation.
CDI-Spec 1.2 – Chapter 6.6.1
CDI's session and conversation scopes are the only build-in passivation capable scopes. Request and application scopes are not passivating capable. If a bean is defined with a passivating scope, it and all applied interceptors and decorators must be serializable (see CDI 1.2 Specification – 6.6.1. Passivation capable beans).
Passivation of Normal Scoped injections
When working with passivation capable scopes such as @SessionScoped, it is still possible to inject references to non-passivating scopes such as @ApplicationScoped. Application scoped beans are not passivation capable, however the injected dependencies are.
@SessionScoped public class MySession implements Serializable { @Inject private MyAppData myAppData; ... } @ApplicationScoped public class MyAppData { ... }
Even so the application scoped bean MyAppData defines a non-passivation capable scope and is not serializable, whereas the client-proxy CDI injects is. When the container passivates the session scoped instance, the injected client-proxies are serialized along with it.
When a method is invoked on the client-proxy, a contextual lookup is performed via the BeanManager, which manages creation and access to all contextual beans.
Beware of transient
Most static code analysis tools, such as FindBugs, will raise false warnings when encountering injections of non-serializable managed beans into passivation capable beans. If myAppScoped was marked transient, as suggested…
public class MySession implents Serializable { @Inject private transient NonSerializableAppScope myAppScoped; ... }
…the client proxy will not be serialized nor re-injected during deserialization and remains null. This will cause a NullPointerException on the next invocation.
Dependant beans
Relaying on the client-proxy works for all normal scopes. Pseudo scopes beans are injected as direct references. So when a pseudo scoped bean such as @Dependent, is injected into a bean with a passivating scope it will need to be serializable or transient.
public class MySession implements Serializable { @Inject private MyAppScope myAppScope; @Inject private MyDependent myDependent; ... } @Dependent public class MyDependent implements Serializable { ... }
If MyDependent is not Serializable then the myDependent will have to be marked transient. Making the dependent beans inject point transient is not advisable since it will require manual handling during deserialization.
CDI performs passivation validations on all beans defining passivating scopes prior to deployment.
For every bean which declares a passivating scope, the container must validate that the bean truly is passivation capable and that, in addition, its dependencies are passivation capable. If a managed bean which declares a passivating scope, a stateful session bean which declares a passivating scope, or a built-in bean: is not passivation capable,
has an injection point that is not passivation capable,
has an interceptor or decorator that is not passivation capable
has an interceptor or decorator with an injection point that is not passivation capable then the container automatically detects the problem and treats it as a deployment problem.
CDI-Spec 1.2, Chapter 6.6.5
When injecting a non-serializable dependent scoped bean into a bean with a passivating scope…
@SessionScoped public class MySession implements Serializable { ... @Inject private MyUnserializable mu; ... } @Dependent public class MyUnserializable { ... }
…the container detects this at start-up.
The specification does not define as to how the implementation should handle the deployment problem;
Weld throws a UnserializableDependencyException,
Caused by: org.jboss.weld.exceptions.UnserializableDependencyException: WELD-001413: The bean Managed Bean [class com.knitelius.MySession] with qualifiers [@Any @Default] declares a passivating scope but has a non-passivation-capable dependency Managed Bean [class com.knitelius.MyUnserializable] with qualifiers [@Any @Default] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.Validator.validateInjectionPointPassivationCapable(Validator.java:479) at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.Validator.validateInjectionPointForDeploymentProblems(Validator.java:397)
whilst OpenWebBeans throws a WebBeansConfigurationException.
Caused by: org.apache.webbeans.exception.WebBeansConfigurationException: Passivation capable beans must satisfy passivation capable dependencies. Bean : 1113977599,Name:mySession,WebBeans Type:MANAGED,API Types:[java.io.Serializable,java.lang.Object,com.knitelius.MySession],Qualifiers:[javax.enterprise.inject.Any,javax.enterprise.inject.Default,javax.inject.Named] does not satisfy. at org.apache.webbeans.component.AbstractOwbBean.validatePassivationDependencies(AbstractOwbBean.java:702) at org.apache.webbeans.component.AbstractInjectionTargetBean.validatePassivationDependencies(AbstractInjectionTargetBean.java:596) at org.apache.webbeans.config.BeansDeployer.checkPassivationScope(BeansDeployer.java:730) at org.apache.webbeans.config.BeansDeployer.validate(BeansDeployer.java:382)
This is usually a sign of bad design and therefore either the unserializable bean should be:
assigned a non-passivating scope such as @RequestScoped,
its part of the contextual domain model and should be seralizeable
or its a utility class which should only be used as a method local variable and not as a member.
For the other 0.01% of cases it is possible to implement java.io.Serializable readObject to perform custom handling during deseralization .
... @Inject private BeanManager beanManager; @Inject private transient MyUnserializable mu; private void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream stream) throws IOException, ClassNotFoundException { stream.defaultReadObject(); Bean<MyUnserializable> bean = (Bean<MyUnserializable>) beanManager.resolve(beanManager.getBeans(MyUnserializable.class)); this.mu = (MyUnserializable) beanManager.getReference(bean, bean.getBeanClass(), beanManager.createCreationalContext(bean)) } ...
The new instance of dependent instance of MyUnserializable can be obtained during deseralization from the BeanManager.
It is important to note that the CDI container, as per specification, is only required to validate injection points. All other members are ignored by the container.
@SessionScoped public class MySession implements Serializable { ... private UnserializableObject uso = new UnserializableObject(); ... }
Even though MySession passes the CDI deployment validation, it will fail serialization at runtime due to its non-transient unserializable member causing a java.io.NotSerializableException. All unmanaged members have to be either serializable or transient.
Constructor and Initializer method parameter injection
Non-serializable beans that are only required for bean initialization can be injected into constructor or intializer methods with the @TransientReference annotation.
@SessionScoped public class MySession implements Serializable { @Inject public MySession(@TransientReference NonSerializableDependent nsd) { ... } ... @Inject public void initalize(@TransientReference NonSerializableDependent nsd) { ... } ... }
These @TransientReference dependent scoped beans will be be destroyed at the end of the method invocation.
… all @Dependent scoped contextual instances injected into method or constructor parameters that are annotated with @TransientReference are destroyed when the invocation completes, …
CDI-Spec 1.2, Chapter 6.4.2
Wrap up
President Donald Trump has criticized London Mayor Sadiq Khan on Twitter, saying that Khan's statement related to Saturday night's deadly terrorist attack near London Bridge was “pathetic.”
The morning after the attack, Khan asked the people of London “to be calm and vigilant.” He told them that there would be “an increased police presence today, including armed officers and uniformed officers. There is no reason to be alarmed by this. We are the safest global city in the world.”
“You saw last night as a consequence of our planning, our preparation, the rehearsals that take place,” continued Khan, “the swift response from the emergency services tackling the terrorists and also helping the injured.”
However, President Trump did not agree with Khan's view of the attack, during which three terrorists drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge and launched a knife attack in Borough Market, killing at least seven and injuring dozens.
“Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Kahn who had to think fast on his ‘no reason to be alarmed' statement. [Mainstream media] is working hard to sell it!” Trump tweeted Monday morning.
President Trump made similar criticisms of Kahn on Sunday as well. “We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse,” he tweeted, referencing his controversial travel ban against migrants from six majority-Muslim countries, which has been blocked in court.
Trump also tweeted, “At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ‘no reason to be alarmed!'”
Nonetheless, Khan, the first Muslim mayor of London and the first Muslim mayor of a major Western capital, is ignoring Trump's tweets, according to the mayor's office.
This is uncharacteristic of the mayor, who has sharply criticized Trump in the past. During the 2016 election, Khan called Trump's rhetoric “divisive” and “offensive,” saying in an interview with the BBC, “I hope Trump loses – badly.”
Khan also called Trump “ignorant” in a May 2016 interview with Piers Morgan on ITV. In a May 2016 interview with Time magazine, he specifically protested against Trump's proposed travel ban.
“If Donald Trump becomes the President, I'll be stopped from going [to America] by virtue of my faith, which means I can't engage with American mayors and swap ideas. Conservative tacticians thought those sorts of tactics would win London and they were wrong.”
When Trump took steps to implement his travel ban this year, Khan again actively spoke out against Trump, calling the ban “shameful and cruel.”
“While every country has the right to set its own immigration policies, this new policy flies in the face of the values of freedom and tolerance that the USA was built upon,” said Khan in a January statement.
However, the mayor now “has more important things to do than respond to Donald Trump's ill-informed tweet that deliberately takes out of context his remarks urging Londoners not to be alarmed when they saw more police –including armed officers on the streets,” said a spokesperson for Khan.
Even more, Lewis Lukens, Trump's acting ambassador to London, posted a tweet seemingly contradictory to Trump's tweet on Sunday.
“I commend the strong leadership of the @MayorofLondon as he leads the city forward after this heinous attack,” tweeted Lukens, who is awaiting the president's nomination to Congress, allowing him to become a permanent representative to the U.K.
Trump most likely will not approve Lukens, however. He has stated that he will nominate New York Jets owner Woody Johnson to be the American ambassador to the U.K.
Trump's nominees have yet to be approved by Congress. On Monday, Trump tweeted, “Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.”
It is unclear if Trump was directly referencing Lukens' tweet.
Mississippi River
The Mississippi River reached 11.67 feet at the Carrollton gauge on Wednesday (April 16), triggering increased inspections and restrictions on work along levees, the Army Corps of Engineers announced.
(Michael DeMocker, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune Archives)
A rising Mississippi River, which reached 11.62 feet above sea level at the Carrollton Gage in New Orleans on Wednesday, has prompted the Army Corps of Engineers to activate its levee inspection program and other "flood fighting" strategies, corps officials announced.
The high water conditions are the result of heavy rainfall upriver over the past two weeks and some melting snow in the upper Midwest.
The phase 1 flood fighting activation procedures include working with local levee authorities to monitor the levees along the river. Inspections along the river from Baton Rouge south on the east bank and from Donaldsonville south on the west bank will begin this week and will continue twice weekly until the water level drops below 11 feet at the Carrollton Gage.
According to a 28-day forecast of the National Weather Service's Lower Mississippi River Forecast Center issued Wednesday afternoon, that won't be until May 12.
The phase 1 measures are triggered when the river reaches 11 feet and is forecast to continue to rise. The patrols help the corps to respond quickly to problem areas that might develop, including sloughing of material on the riverside or the formation of sand boils on protected side of levees.
Also included are prohibitions on work on or near levees that could adversely affect their integrity, including transporting heavy loads over the levee, disturbance of the levee's grass cover, and subsurface work within 1,500 feet of the levee. Waivers will be considered on a case-by-case basis and are dependent on factors that include existing subsurface ground conditions
Permit holders are advised to contact local levee districts for more detailed information, and should monitor river stages and forecasts by calling 504.862.2461 or on the web at http://www.rivergages.com or at the corps'
So you've wanted to dabble in the beer trade scene for a while now, but you might be thinking, “Where do I start?” Our maiden post in the “First Trade” series will focus on stockpiling your “FT” (For Trade) beers; which are the brews that you get deliberately for the purpose of flipping them for those out-of-distribution gems. While you may find highly sought after releases in local bottle shops like Firestone Walker (Parabola, Velvet Merkin) or Cantillon (Kriek, Classic Gueuze) that could draw attention, this post will show you how to find brewery-only releases from one of the many great St. Louis establishments, giving you the ammo you need to land a truly great bottle. Here are some helpful tips to make your first release a successful one. Also, I apologize in advance if this information gets you counting down the days until the next beer release; between the bottle sharing, beer friends, and stocking up on limited releases, you will be hooked!
Get the Scoop
Social media isn't just for viewing celebrity baby pics or anonymously trolling strangers anymore. It is, in fact, your best vein of pertinent and timely information about the latest big-ticket brewery releases in your area. Follow your local favorites on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and Blippity Bloop (a new app I just patented). Be sure to turn on push notifications so you don't miss out because you neglected to view your feed for the day. Your local bottle shops and regional distributors are also great follows. The Craft Beer Cellar in Clayton (@CBC_Clayton) will even send out tweets when new bottles arrive and are on the shelves for purchase (sweet!). Regional beer inspired message boards are also great outlets for more details on bottle releases. I would highly recommend you create an account on STL Hops if you haven't already done so. It pays to be socially (media) aware!
Show up Early
I know that getting to the brewery 4-6 hours early is not always a possibility with things like “jobs” and “kids” and general “responsibilities”. However, if you can make the time you are more likely to guarantee you'll get your grubby paws on that sweet nectar. You'll quickly learn that hot releases from breweries like Perennial and Side Project get folks lining up during the wee hours of the morning (perhaps they never left from the night before). While some breweries will do their best to count folks in line before setting bottle limits, why take the chance showing up 10 minutes before the doors are set to open? Upon arrival, find the end of the line and plant your chair, or cooler, like you own personal Spanish flag and proclaim, “This spot belongs to me, there are many like it but this one is mine.” Ignore the judging stares and channel you inner rock as you begin the waiting game.
Don't Forget the Necessities
As your local scout troop always says after ringing your doorbell at 6:00 a.m. on a Saturday morning asking for canned foods, “Be Prepared”. If you fail to bring something, you will inevitably need it. These rings true for any beer release where you plan on waiting in line for an extended period of time. Here's a list of items to bring:
Your bag chair not only serves to rest your weary (or wobbly) legs, it's also a great to hold your spot in line.
not only serves to rest your weary (or wobbly) legs, it's also a great to hold your spot in line. Umbrellas are great to have even when it's not raining as it could save you from exclaiming later to your spouse, “How they hell did I get sunburnt in November!?!?”
are great to have even when it's not raining as it could save you from exclaiming later to your spouse, “How they hell did I get sunburnt in November!?!?” You would also be surprised by the number of human polar bears you see wearing shorts in 35 degree temperatures. Coats, gloves and stocking caps will keep you warm while you wait and help avoid you questioning your decision to subject yourself to the elements over a couple of bottles of fermentables.
will keep you warm while you wait and help avoid you questioning your decision to subject yourself to the elements over a couple of bottles of fermentables. If you don't have one already, I would highly recommend a bottle opener on your key chain and a wine key in your pocket in case any of those corked and caged beers prove difficult.
on your key chain and a in your pocket in case any of those corked and caged beers prove difficult. A small tasting glass for the bottle share. This does not mean bring a full pint glass you greedy minx!
for the bottle share. This does not mean bring a full pint glass you greedy minx! Finally, invest in a 6-pack canvas wine bottle holder that will fit your 750 ml special release beers like a glove. In fact, buy a couple and always keep one in your car. You never know when a surprise release will be announced and you suddenly need to leave work for being “sick”
Invite a Buddy
Bringing along friends and family to beer releases is a highly debatable topic encountered in the beer scene. “Muling”, as it is affectionately called, is the act of bringing another person (c'mon, Grandma!) for the sole purpose of scoring extra bottles for yourself. In my opinion, bringing a spouse or friend who isn't interested in drinking the beer that is being released isn't necessarily a bad thing. You could end up introducing others to all the fun to be had at beer releases. Plus, it gives them an opportunity to try many new brews they wouldn't normally have access to. “Muling” is always going to happen to some extent. The real problem is when folks drag along a lot of people or, even worse, when they hire people to do it for them. This is particularly true for out of town traders who even resort to paying folks from Craigslist cash just to stand in line for them. Unfortunately, this can cause those who legitimately want to be at the release and enjoy the fruits of the brewer's labor to miss out. That being said, be responsible when bringing others and try to keep it to friends and family. After all, good beer is for sharing!
The Bottle Share – A Beer Release Tradition
Speaking of sharing, our next topic could be one of the most enjoyable aspects of any release. The concept of the bottle share may seem a little foreign on the surface but it really is not something to overthink. Bringing a few of your extra “nicer” bottles to share with others is not required, but generally is something you should do in good faith – especially if you want to partake of the samples on the table. Don't feel intimidated when approaching the table as beer folks are typically friendly folks. Pour a little in your taster and set the bottle down on the table for others to enjoy. Better yet, start a dialogue with a stranger and pour a sample for them. Through this interaction, you'll quickly make “beer friends” that you will see at future releases and events. If you don't feel like getting up from your chair, strike up a conversation with those around you and pour some samples for your line sharing brethren. The share is a stage for seasoned traders to show off some of their rarer beers which, many times, will be tastier than the bottle you are waiting in line for. Once again, beer is for sharing. Don't be a miser and let the good times (literally) flow!
Line Etiquette
It pains me that I have to say this to adults, but do not cut in line. If your kindergarten teacher (mad respect, Mrs. Netherton!) taught you anything, it's that no one likes a line cutter. It was true for the water fountain, and it's true for the latest batch of Saison du Fermier. If you make the attempt to get to a release with plenty of time you are typically going to get a bottle or two. There is absolutely no reason to screw others over who have spent their afternoon waiting patiently. Be aware that there is a heightened sense for folks to call line jumpers out and, potentially, cause them to forfeit their chance at buying beer for the day. When you arrive at your spot, make a visual cue of the person in front of you and behind you. This will help you identify your spot if the line tightens up in anticipation of the doors opening up and you took a last minute potty break. If you see line jumpers attempting to get in front of you, or others, politely ask them to return to their actual spot. Like the unattended bag at the airport, if you see something…say something!
Success
As the brewery doors open and the herd slowly makes it way forward, it's time to finally reap the rewards of your toil. Many breweries will accept credit cards for payment but you might want to double-check beforehand if cash is needed. As you check out, be kind to the person taking your money and thank them for a great release. Good rapport with the brewers and their employees pays dividends in the long run, so always be your naturally charming and lovable self when interacting with them. As you load up your bag, breathe a sigh of relief as you are now prepped for the 2nd step in the beer trading process, your first trade posting. Go home and get some sleep (and Taco Bell), you earned it!
Miss my first post on Beer Trading? Read that here. Have other tips on a successful release experience I may have missed? Add them to the comments section below. Also, stay tuned for the next installment in the “First Trade” series where I will discuss the do's and don'ts of setting up an ISO:FT (In Search Of: For Trade) post on your favorite beer forum. For real though, invest in a canvas beer bag!
Alison Mutler, The Associated Press
BUCHAREST, Romania -- A second person has drowned after rivers burst their banks in Romania, authorities said Thursday, and the flooding also caused damage across the Balkans, inundating a power plant in Serbia and causing landslides in Montenegro.
Forecasters issued a severe weather warning for parts of southern Romania, which has been worst hit by the floods this week.
About 300 people were stranded by floods in a village near the Gilort River, which burst its banks. Authorities said a man was found dead several kilometres from his home, the second person to drown in Romania from the flooding. Around 1,200 people have been evacuated, and some 2,200 homes were damaged by floods with 99 of them completely destroyed.
Forecasters said flooding was also expected in northwest Romania as waters levels in rivers grew, and one major road in west Romania was also flooded.
Central Serbia was hit by floods. A coal mine pit that feeds one of the country's two main power plants was partly flooded and the Kostolac power plant said rushing waters blocked roads leading through the pit and flooded the machinery, but there were no major problems with electricity supplies. Streets and houses in the nearby towns of Kostolac and Pozarevac were also flooded.
Elsewhere in Serbia, storms and torrential rain flooded streets and dozens of houses and tore down trees and power cables, leaving residents in towns and villages without electricity.
Streets were flooded in most towns along the Adriatic coast in Croatia and there were landslides in the hilly parts of Montenegro.
Romanian Environment and Climate Change Minister Attila Korodi said he would investigate whether excessive cutting of forests had caused the flooding in southern Romania.
Jovana Gec in Belgrade, Serbia, contributed to this report.
A homeowner in Peru, Indiana had to use deadly force to defend himself and his home when an acquaintance forced his way into the victim's home and threatened him with a baseball bat.
According to The Pharohs Tribune, the suspect, identified as 30 year old Donny L. Sturgill was owed a $200 debt over a phone bill by the victim, identified as Andrew Baldwin.
Sturgill texted Baldwin to tell him if the money was not paid he would show up at his home and violently beat whoever was there.
Baldwin became concerned for his well being because Sturgill was a convicted felon who served time over a 2001 incident in which he stabbed a man repeatedly. Sturgill was also a suspected member of a prison gang. Because of his knowledge of Sturgill's past, Baldwin borrowed a 9mm handgun from an acquaintance.
Sturgill ultimately did show up at Baldwin's home and smashed a window in order to force his way inside. Once inside, Sturgill threatened Baldwin with a baseball bat and a brief physical altercation ensued. Baldwin's arm was broken by a single swing of the bat during the altercation.
Baldwin was able to fire two shots from the 9mm handgun and struck Sturgill twice, killing him.
After reviewing all of the evidence, authorities have already announced the shooting was a clean case of self defense.
This is the 38th defensive gun use we've documented in the state of Indiana and the 1,190th defensive gun use we've documented overall.
It appears the names and texts of the new fusions have surfaced.
LEDD-ENA00 Dark Magician the Dragon Knight
Level 8 DARK Dragon Fusion Effect Monster
ATK 3000
DEF 2500
Materials: “Dark Magician” + 1 Dragon monster
This card's name becomes “Dark Magician” while on the field or in the GY. Your opponent cannot target Spells/Traps you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
LEDD-ENB00 Chimeratech Megafleet Dragon
Level 10 DARK Machine-Type Fusion Effect Monster
ATK 0
DEF 0
Materials: 1 “Cyber Dragon” monster + 1+ monsters in the Extra Monster Zone
Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards from either field to the GY. (You do not use “Polymerization”.) The original ATK of this card becomes 1200 x the number of Fusion Materials used for its Special Summon.
Source 1
Source 2
Azuma Makoto surprises us again with another great Bonsai display, this time inside an abandoned power plant. We talked to the artist about his latest work of art.
Originally built in the 1920's, this coal plant was operational for almost a century. It is located in Belgium, close to Brussels. Its cooling tower is still in good condition, though overgrown with weeds and moss. A spectacular location for creative artists and photographers, like Azuma.
The Bonsai tree on display (a pine) is bare rooted, a statement by the artist about our human desire to control energy. Rest assured, unlike his previous displays (think; Bonsai in Space, and Frozen bonsai) this time he repotted the tree after the shoot. The tree is doing fine.
Let's stop talking; enjoy the photos!
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS, Fla. - Local 6 has obtained nearly two hours of footage from a small, unmanned drone that was hovering over Central Florida -- watching and recording people.
It literally fell out of the sky, crashing into a tree, where a Local 6 employee found it and turned it over.
On the high-definition GoPro camera that was attached to the drone, you can see each flight starts innocently enough. But you can see the potential for bad behavior.
In one shot, the drone races toward an apartment window, getting within feet of the glass.
In another shot, the drone hovers over a female sunbather at a pool. She's completely unaware that it's there, and she never looks up.
But the scariest shot of all shows the drone wobbling high over I-4 as cars zoom by down below. The drivers have no idea that the drone was out of control at that point, and only seconds away from crashing.
There are also shots of the pilot. By carefully analyzing the footage, we discovered exactly where he lives -- an apartment in Altamonte Springs, right next to I-4.
His name is Guimy Alexis -- a student who built the drone, and many others.
"The only thing I want to do is essentially record a flight, put some music on it, and put it on YouTube," says Alexis. "There's nothing nefarious going on."
But Alexis also admits that there easily could be something nefarious going on if the controls get into the wrong hands.
"I worry that someone will do something stupid," says Alexis. "But if someone does do something stupid, they're the bad apple, the bad egg. They're the exception, they're not the vast majority of us. The vast majority of us just do this for fun."
But what happened to Jimmy and his drone was not part of the fun. The electronics on board interfered with each other, giving the drone a mind of its own, and sending it -- of all places -- over I-4.
"It's right above me, I'm just looking at it, and it just flies off, and I can't control it," says Alexis.
He also couldn't see it, which is illegal. Under regulations from the Federal Aviation Administration, you can only fly a radio-controlled aircraft if it's in your line of sight.
Jimmy is fully aware of the rules, and insists that this was just an accident. In fact, he swears that it's never happened before.
"I was worried when it did go next to the highway, and that was a fear," says Alexis. "I don't trust it anymore, I'll tell you that much."
"I would not be surprised at all if people are abusing this technology," says State Representative Dana Young, (R) Tampa. Young created Florida's video voyeurism law last year, which makes it illegal to secretly record someone for arousal, amusement, or abuse.
Rep. Young is afraid that could happen with drones that cost as little as $300.
"From watching your investigative report, now that I know about this technology, and now that I can see that the limits are almost nonexistent, it does make me want to go back and look at the law we passed last year, and see if there are ways to tweak it," says Rep. Young.
As of now, there's only one piece of legislation in Florida that deals with this technology. It regulates how police agencies, not regular people, can use drones.
Copyright 2013 by ClickOrlando.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Photo by kkgas via Stocksy
This is the era of Bridesmaids, Pitch Perfect, and the all-girl Ghostbusters, Poehler, Dunham and Fey. You would have thought gender is quickly becoming less of an issue in the film industry. You would, and you'd be wrong. At this year's Venice Film Festival, the European Women's Audiovisual Network (EWA) called for "positive action by governments at European and national level to end censorship of women's view on the world". They are just halfway through their pan-European research project and it's already clear that in 2015 women are still getting a crappy deal in the film industry.
Read More: Where Are the Women Who Want to Booze and Screw on Camera?
Famously, Kathryn Bigelow remains the only woman to have ever won an Oscar for Best Director for The Hurt Locker, an award that has had just four female nominees in its entire history. Men outnumber women five to one in the industry and take 91 percent of all directing jobs, which may account for the 90 percent of films that don't have an equal number of men and women in their cast. If you're a female director whose name isn't Kathryn Bigelow, your chances of getting hired and funded may be at an all-time low. Yet according to the MPAA, 51 percent of film audiences last year were women—so why the hell aren't we making half of the movies?
One country has dared to demand just that: Sweden. In just two-and-a-half years, the country has accomplished the impossible—it's reached gender equality in their film funding, bankrolling and bringing an equal number of male and female directors to Swedish cinemas.
Anna Serner, the CEO of the Swedish Film Institute. Photo by Marie-Therese Karlberg
The Swedish Film Institute (SFI), the primary organization that funds and supports national filmmaking, has one woman to thank: Anna Serner. The no-nonsense Swede took over as CEO in 2011 and set out to prove you can make things fair, quickly.
"I fundamentally believe in every person's equal rights and value, so for me it's obvious that women and men should have the same possibilities in society," she told Broadly. When Serner joined the SFI, women accounted for around 30 percent of producers and directors and just 25 percent of their funding applications.
"I've learned from my previous jobs in media that talking is no good and doesn't make any difference," she said. "I decided very early that I should stop talking and act, because then we can talk about my actions." Serner took six months to research the most commonly-held beliefs for why women do not succeed in the film industry and then made an action plan targeting every single dispute.
Quality is in the eye of the beholder. We dared to say that there is quality even though we are not used to seeing that quality.
She found five arguments—ones that are held not just in Swedish filmmaking, but in Hollywood and the wider industry as a whole. First, that there aren't any competent female filmmakers. Serner quickly made a web platform to showcase women—tick. "The second one is that female directors don't get to do their second and third film, which is true," she said.
Third, there are more boys that want to become directors. Serner passionately explains that this is "not true [...] young women want to become directors but they don't expect that it'll ever be possible. They don't expect that because every time they tell the world that they want to become directors they get to hear Do you know how hard it is?' So they get pushed down, their self-esteem gets too low, while men get to hear 'Oh, you want to be a director? It's really hard but great, you're going to make it.'"
Serner's solution was to get into schools and change attitudes through mentoring schemes, workshops, and training in "social structures and gender equality. [We need to] use our money to enhance, stimulate, and start gender awareness."
Sanna Lenken's "My Skinny Sister" was one film that received funding from the SFI. Film till via My Skinny Sister
The fourth hurdle that Serner faced was the argument that there is no point in counting the number of women in the industry, because it's the quality of films that matter—not who's behind the camera. It just so happens that in a perfect meritocracy, white straight men happen to make the best directors. "Quality is in the eye of the beholder," Serner retorted, explaining that people just aren't used to how women tell stories. "We dared to say that there is quality even though we are not used to seeing that quality."
While others might shy away from the idea of positive discrimination, Serner is adamant that it is about numbers. She remains vigilant to make sure Institute funds an equal number of male and female directors every month, as opposed to tallying up the total number at the end of the year, which means that any problems in funding can be dealth with in four weeks. "We count those numbers of directors and not just once a year—which means that you do it at the end of each year, and then the year's already passed and you have to start over the next year by May, or when your figures are ready—instead, we count every decision, and we make a decision every month."
What about if Warner Studios made the same decisions? They could do it anytime, but they don't.
But the greatest stumbling block is about business, because business is apparently uninterested in funding films made by women. While the SFI dictates public funding, private funding remains gendered. "Unfortunately for the private sector it shows that you need regulations," Serner said glumly. "When the private sector works without regulation they don't want to change. We happen to be a public funder, but what about if Warner Studios made the same decisions? They could do it anytime, but they don't."
Beata Gårdeler's "Flocking" also received funding from the SFI. Film still via Flocking
Serner's radical changes have riled big players in the industry. She pissed off Denmark by challenging them on their record for gender equality in film—they say they have equality, Serner says they don't. She's been called a bitch on television by one of Sweden's most famous male actors. "They are of course arguing that I have lost focus on the film contents, that we are getting politicized and not looking into quality any longer," she said. "[But] we win more prizes now than we have ever done, we get more entries in film festivals then we have ever done, and there are women to thank for that in most cases." Serner even feels sorry for her opposition. "A big part of me understands that where you see your own life being threatened, it's very hard to believe that they would applaud you. The young people are applauding because they haven't reached their glass ceiling yet; even the young men are supportive."
Suzanne Osten, a legendary Swedish film and theatre director, believes that the industry has become a more welcoming place for women since Serner took the reins at the SFI. "Definitely, yes," she said, "there is an outspoken policy for gender and ethnic [filmmaking]."
Read More: What Would Compel a Man to Make a 150-Minute Art Film About Heidi Montag?
The industry grande dame has made ten feature films between 1982 and 2015, but has been cockblocked for funding in the past. But her most recent feature received 16 million Swedish kronor, nine million of which came from the SFI. The issue for her isn't just one of cash, though. "We need to build a new structure in the industry," she said. Women are interested in "other themes: Deeper emotional problems, childhood" which audiences aren't used to consuming yet—but it's also why women are making the most "interesting new films."
The film magazine Sight & Sound recently published a Female Gaze issue, featuring 100 films overlooked by women. "It is censorship in a way, how you write film history," said Isabel Stevens, the magazine's production editor, but she thinks the times are changing. "Since the 70s, the rise of the women's movement, there have been people studying women filmmakers. At the moment, now, it seems to be really prominent in the public conscious, rather than a select academic interest, which is really good."
When you have white men in power, a lot—not all—will hire people who are like them. The situation perpetuates itself.
"It's not only an issue related to gender, though. Race comes into it as well [and] any minority group [finds it] hard to break through." We circle back to the same problem again and again, which is: It's not who you know, it's also who you look like. "When you have white men in power, a lot—not all—will hire people who are like them. The situation perpetuates itself." The SFI's influence may stretch beyond Swedish shores soon—funding in the UK will be getting a Serner-style shock to the system. "The [British Film Institute] has introduced a three-ticks diversity scheme. Which basically means you're not going to get public funding unless you satisfy a certain criterion."
My first job after university was at a film production company: I was on reception booking cabs, couriers and filling neverending cafetières of coffee. One day I had a chat with the executive producer and told him that I'd love a chance to work with one of the directors. "Women normally start on reception and move into production," he said witheringly. "Boys start as runners and then become directors." It took eight years for me to finally dare call myself a director after that mentoring session. Women in film have to be on the team and not just in trad roles like costume and makeup. With people like Serner at the helm, it may be time for females to start calling the shots.
A group of Scandinavian boffins have gathered enough money through crowdfunding to try and bridge the gap between animals and humans by producing a gadget that can translate what a dog is thinking into plain English.
They claim that a new invention from Sweden, No More Woof, will be able to translate a dog's thoughts into words.
A headset will be strapped to the animal's head. The device will read EEG signals from the dog's brain and software will then attempt to translate those thoughts into English.
The gadget will use a small Raspberry Pi computer to make the translations. It is the brainchild of the Nordic Society for Invention and Discovery; the firm has also invented a rocking chair which can charge an iPad and a hover lamp that can shadow you from room to room.
But No More Woof keeps the distillation of your pet's thoughts simple. The idea that it literally ‘translates your dog's thoughts' is a little short of the truth. In fact the software aims to translate rather simple thought processes like “I am tired” or “I am hungry”, something that dogs have been able to communicate to their owners since they first became domesticated.
However if you are worried that you and your dog are not communicating properly No More Woof is on sale from April 2014 for $600 and will also be available in Spanish, French and Mandarin. But its makers do warn you that they are Scandinavian so don't expect completely perfect English.
The project was developed on a shoe string, which was largely raised from donations. They have already managed to raise $16,000, way beyond their initial target of $10,000.
The inventors say they deliberately set the amount they needed to get the project off the ground as low so as not to get people's hopes up. They stress that this is still very much a work in progress and in no way will be mass produced.
They admit that their project is still in its infancy and that it needs a lot of support and development.
At five months pregnant with her second child, Officer Lyndi Trischler found that the gun belt she was required to wear on her 10-hour patrol shifts pulled painfully on her expanding abdomen. Her heavy bulletproof vest was so tight that she struggled to breathe. She began having heart palpitations.
Months earlier, at her doctor's recommendation, Trischler had asked her supervisors at the police department in the Florence, Ky., if she could do light-duty work in the office as her pregnancy progressed. That's what she'd done the year before when, pregnant with her first child, she'd worked up until the day she gave birth.
But this time, the city said no: Either go out on patrol or go on unpaid leave.
So she strapped on her equipment and went out on the road, even as a new city policy granted officers who had been injured on the job the same light-duty desk work that she'd been denied. Last month, Trischler, one of only two female officers on a staff of about 60, was forced to go on unpaid leave.
“I just physically couldn't do the job anymore,” Trischler said.
Peggy Young is suing UPS for not lightening her tasks until she gives birth. The Supreme Court has agreed to hear her case. (Family Photo)
Trischler, 30, with a master's degree in criminal justice, has just filed a pregnancy discrimination claim against the city with the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. A growing number of cases like hers shows that, despite a long history of pregnant women working and a 1978 law to prohibit pregnancy discrimination, workplaces, courts and doctors still disagree on some pretty fundamental questions: What can expectant workers safely handle, particularly in physically demanding jobs such as Trischler's? And what kind of accommodations are reasonable, legal and fair?
These disagreements can have devastating consequences: Pregnant workers who have been forced onto unpaid leave rather than receive accommodations have, according to a raft of recent discrimination cases, lost their health insurance and their income. Some, according to EEOC documents and court records, have been told by supervisors to choose — their babies or their jobs — and have either terminated their pregnancies or been fired.
“All I think about is how I'm going to take care of my daughter when I'm not making money,” Trischler said. The son she's now carrying has a rare disorder and is not expected to live long after birth. “This is just a very, very, very, very, very stressful time.”
The mayor of Florence, Diane Whalen, said she could not comment on pending litigation. In April 2013, city officials sent a memo to all department heads saying that the city would no longer offer light duty to employees with injuries, illnesses or other medical conditions that are not work-related.
“This policy is ridiculous. It doesn't even cover disabled people, which is required by the Americans with Disabilities Act,” said Dina Bakst, with A Better Balance, a legal and advocacy organization filing the claim on Trischler's behalf.
While every pregnancy is different, hormone changes make women's ligaments looser, which can lead to back pain and carpal tunnel syndrome. The expanding bulk of the belly can make it difficult to balance, bend and reach, and later in pregnancy, can compress the bladder and lungs, said Wendy Chavkin, a professor of public health and obstetrics and gynecology at the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health, who has researched how pregnancy impacts women's ability to work.
Pregnancy can also lead to gestational diabetes, hypertension, edema, fatigue and a host of other conditions.
“But all of that is relevant on the job only if it makes a difference in whether you can do it or not,” Chavkin said. “There is some data to show that some arduous, physically demanding jobs can collide with the needs of pregnancy. But that can often be reasonably accommodated. . . . And if we make work accommodations for men who have hernias and heart attacks, why not for pregnant women?”
Some pregnant workers need accommodations: ergonomic chairs for back pain, stools for those on their feet for hours, bathroom breaks and water for those with diabetes. And others don't.
And while many employers do provide accommodations, others don't. The number of pregnancy discrimination cases has been on the rise over the last decade, as have resolutions, settlements and monetary awards: $17.2 million in 2011, up from $5.6 million in 1997.
“It's hard to think that more employers are discriminating against pregnant women,” said Chai Feldblum, an EEOC commissioner since 2010. “We're not really sure why complaints are increasing. Perhaps more women are realizing that they have the right not to get fired if they get pregnant, and that they should get the same accommodations as Joe, who sits next to them.”
One central question in Trischler's case — whether an employer can deny accommodations to pregnant workers while providing them to workers injured on the job — is at the heart of another case, Young v. UPS, that the Supreme Court recently agreed to hear.
Peggy Young, a former UPS driver in Landover, Md., sued UPS in federal court. She argues that the company refused to honor her midwife's note recommending that she not lift more than 20 pounds, even though UPS routinely gave such modifications to workers with non-work-related injuries who were disabled.
Though she wanted to work light duty or continue driving her route while observing the lifting restriction, Young says in her brief that supervisors told her she was “too much of a liability” to keep on the job while pregnant.
UPS argues that its policies are “pregnancy neutral.”
The EEOC recently issued guidelines clarifying that employers that make adjustments for workers injured on the job must also grant reasonable accommodations to pregnant workers who need them.
One complicating factor in determining what's safe for pregnant workers is that the medical literature is inconclusive.
So, erring on the side of caution, doctors have tended to prescribe broad restrictions for pregnant workers — limiting heavy lifting or requiring light duty, reduced work hours or bedrest — said Rebecca Jackson, chief of obstetrics and gynecology at San Francisco General Hospital and a member of a group at the Center for Work Life Law at the University of California Hastings College of the Law studying accommodations for pregnant workers.
Indeed, doctors put an estimated one in five pregnant women on bedrest or suggest that they curtail their activities, even though new studies are finding that bed­rest can lead to other problems, such as muscle atrophy and blood clots.
“There's a lot of pressure on doctors to recommend work restrictions: The desire to have a healthy baby is incredibly strong and the consequences of an unhealthy pregnancy are devastating,” Jackson said. “In the face of not understanding much of what causes things like preterm birth, we are left with very little to offer women to prevent it.”
But new evidence is emerging that suggests that all but the most physically demanding jobs are safe for most healthy pregnant workers.
The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health in a recent report recommended weight limits for healthy pregnant women that, except for advising against lifting from the floor and overhead, are compatible with guidelines for the general population.
Other studies have found a only a small or inconclusive risk for preterm or low weight births if pregnant workers stand for more than three hours on the job. A recent Danish study found an increased risk for preterm birth for a pregnant worker lifting at least 44 pounds 20 or more times a day.
Sometimes, Jackson said, the notes that doctors write to help their pregnant patients continue working end up getting them fired.
In recent years, a Wal-Mart sales associate was fired for insubordination for carrying around a water bottle, as her doctor advised to prevent a pregnancy-­related bladder infection. An activities director at a nursing home and an Old Navy stock supervisor were fired after their employers refused doctors' requests that they avoid standing on ladders or lifting heavy objects.Their employers contended in court filings that they were fired for other reasons.
EEOC records show and advocates say pregnancy discrimination tends to hit women in low-wage and physically demanding jobs as well as women in professions such as law enforcement that have traditionally been dominated by men. Women make up 11 percent of all police officers, according to the most recent FBI statistics.
“I've had situations where a police department refused to give a very pregnant woman a bulletproof vest that would fit her, even though they gave them to guys with a gut,” said Joan Williams, a University of California law professor who tracks pregnancy discrimination cases.
As for that pregnant Kentucky police officer, Trischler is preparing to move back in with family and out of the apartment she shares with her 1-year-old once her income runs out. Her boyfriend works for another police department and lives 90 minutes away.
Her supervisors told her her health insurance will cut off once her leave becomes unpaid, and she worries how she'll pay the hospital bill when she delivers in October. Her claim for short-term disability benefits was recently denied. And because she will have used up all her paid time off and her 12 weeks of unpaid leave covered by the Family Medical Leave Act, she won't have any time to recover after the birth. “When I'm cleared to go back to work,” she said, “I'll go back to work.”
Ocean Beach leaders want to see an end to the California city's annual July 4th marshmallow fight.
A resolution was passed at a town council meeting Wednesday night.
Legally, the town council does not have the authority to cancel the fight, but they hope the resolution will encourage people to stop supporting the event.
On July 5, business owners and volunteers helped the city clean up an estimated 2,300 pounds of trash left on the beach after this year's fight.
OB Debates Sticky Tradition
Dozens of people in Ocean Beach showed up at a town council meeting to look at changing or eliminating the community's annual Fourth of July marshmallow fight. It's generated controversy this year, after some people reported getting hurt. NBC 7's Nicole Gonzales reports. (Published Thursday, July 25, 2013)
Soon after, some neighbors and business owners say the event has gotten out of hand and needs to stop.
In previous years, most of the sticky mess generated by the annual event was limited to the beach.
But, as more people continue to participate, the Marshmallow Fight has spilled out onto the streets and sidewalks.
Marshmallow Fight Aftermath Cleared
The State Council, China's Cabinet, has issued major holiday dates for 2013.
The New Year's Day holiday will last three days, from Jan. 1 to 3, and people will need to work on Jan. 5 (Saturday) and 6 (Sunday).
The Spring Festival holiday will last seven days, from Feb. 9 to 15, with Feb. 16 (Saturday) and 17 (Sunday) as working days. The Spring Festival Eve falls on Feb. 9.
The holiday for Tomb-Sweeping Day will be from April 4 to 6, with April 7 (Sunday) as a working day.
The holiday for Labor Day will be from April 29 to May 1, with the pervious Saturday and Sunday as working days.
The Dragon Boat Festival, which is held across China to pay homage to ancient patriotic poet Qu Yuan, will be from June 10 to 12. The previous Saturday and Sunday will be working days.
The Mid-Autumn Festival will be from Sept. 19 to Sept. 21. The following Sunday will be a working day.
The National Day lasts for seven days, from Oct. 1 to Oct. 7. The previous Sunday and the following Saturday will be working days.
The State Council has urged all departments to make preparations for people's safety during holiday periods, and major accidents should be reported promptly and properly dealt with in accordance with relevant rules.
Because the Obama administration was more interested in propping up bad banks, they didn't push for mortgage cramdowns that might have helped homeowners in situations like this. And because the banks are still playing shell games with devalued assets, we've only pushed the day of reckoning into the not-so-distant future:
After losing her condo in San Diego to foreclosure last year, Charissa Kolich thought that at least she was free of mortgage bills.
But Wells Fargo & Co., which holds a home-equity loan made five years ago to Ms. Kolich, last month filed a lawsuit against her in the Superior Court of California, San Diego County, seeking to collect the nearly $72,000 it said she still owed on that second mortgage. "This was all kind of shock," says Ms. Kolich, a food-service administrator recently diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer.
Banks are coming under increasing political pressure to write off or at least write down second-lien and other junior mortgages as a way to help borrowers keep their homes or extract themselves from heavy debt. As the Wells Fargo suit shows, however, banks often are reluctant to give up on loans when they see a chance of recovering all or part of their money.
This issue will be the focus of a hearing Tuesday by the House Financial Services Committee in Washington. Panel members are due to quiz executives from Wells Fargo, Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. about their junior-lien mortgage policies.
Why do junior-lien mortgages matter? The $1 trillion of junior-lien mortgages outstanding in the U.S. at the end of 2009 added up to only about 10% of total home-mortgage debt, according to Federal Reserve data. But many banks have large holdings of these junior liens. Among borrowers whose first mortgages were packaged into so-called private-label securities (those not backed by any government entity), about half also have junior-lien loans, according to mortgage-bond trader Amherst Securities.
Welcome to the Epicentre Spices
“Spice” is a culinary term, not a botanical category. It refers to parts of certain trees, roots, flowers, seeds and fruits of herbaceous plants. Cassia and cinnamon are from the bark of a tree. Chile peppers are a fruit. Cloves, a flower bud. Ginger, a root and caraway is seeds. Spices each have a distinctly unique aroma and flavour.
Herbs are from the aromatic leafy parts of plants such as cilantro, basil or thyme.
Spices define much about a culture's cuisine. Aromatic and savoury or warm and sweet, the combinations of spices are key to flavour, whether used in authentic traditional dishes or in unusual and unexpected ways. We hope to show you both ways with everything from Indian spices like curry, fenugreek and garam masala to poultry seasoning and herbes de Provence.
Health benefits of Herbs and Spices
Herbs and spices do more than just flavour food. They help you cut back on unhealthy ingredients, such as salt, sugars and saturated fat. Try cooking your carrots in a low fat chicken broth then adding some ground cinnamon or chopped parsley. Before cooking, rub chicken, beef or pork with a combination of herbs and spices, let the flavour permeate the meat for several hours and enjoy a new tasted sensation. Not sure which to blend? Explore our website and you will find all kinds of ideas.
They also have many have impressive health benefits. Ongoing research is revealing the ultimate power of herbs and spices as weapons against illnesses from Alzheimer's disease to cancer or diabetes. We are now seeing the scientific proof for why civilizations have used spices medicinally for thousands of years. While herbs and spices may not directly cure disease there is strong evidence showing some spices actually help manage chronic conditions. Read more about how herbs and spices fight disease.
The grandmother has agreed not to bring the children sweets
The grandmother, known as EM, launched a legal battle against her own daughter over access to the four children.
Perth Sheriff Court was told EM would often bring two carrier bags of sweets with her on visits.
Sheriff Daniel Kelly QC granted the grandmother one visit a month on the condition she did not give them sweets.
The grandmother took her daughter to court after contact with the four children was cut off in March 2006.
The daughter, known as DR, believed her mother had called in the SSPCA to visit her home in Perth because of concerns over her two dogs.
DR told the court that it was "the final straw" and came on top of concerns she had about her mother's domineering nature and the amount of confectionery she lavished on the children.
I accept that the pursuer did give the children excessive sweets
Sheriff Daniel Kelly
The court was told the two oldest children had suffered dental problems and had to have teeth removed.
Sheriff Kelly said: "She said the SSPCA visit was not the reason for stopping contact, but was 'the final straw'.
"Other reasons which she advanced related to her considering that the pursuer gave the children too many sweets and fizzy drinks, was domineering and interfering.
"She said that the pursuer would often bring two carrier bags of sweets. She said she had asked her not to bring them."
The sheriff said it was not possible to ascertain whether the dental problems were solely because of the sweets provided by the grandmother.
'Best interests'
"I accept that the pursuer did give the children excessive sweets," he said.
"The dental health of the children is undoubtedly important, but I regard it as significant that the pursuer has given an undertaking not to give them sweets during contact.
"I am fully satisfied it would be in the children's best interests to continue to see their grandmother."
He ruled that initially the grandmother should be allowed to see her grandchildren for two hours once a month.
He adopted EM's undertaking not to give the children sweets during contact - and said he would rely on the children confessing if the rule was broken.
Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin pushed for America to "coordinate with Russia" on cybersecurity, despite evidence that their government attacked — and continues to attack — the United States.
Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin insisted that, despite widespread concerns about cyber-attacks against America, the United States should “coordinate with Russia” on cybersecurity initiatives.
After Donald Trump's meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G20 conference, it was announced that the two countries would be working together on the project — yet another concession from Trump towards the country that interfered in our election on his behalf.
Even some Republicans have balked at the announcement. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), said in a tweet, “Partnering with Putin on a ‘Cybersecurity Unit' is akin to partnering with Assad on a ‘Chemical Weapons Unit.'”
But Mnuchin apparently doesn't see it that way. Reacting to Rubio's criticism on ABC's This Week, Mnuchin told host George Stephanopoulos, “I think this is a very important step forward that what we want to make sure is that we coordinate with Russia, that we're focused on cybersecurity together.”
STEPHANOPOULOS: The president also said in his tweets this morning that he's setting up a cybersecurity partnership with President Putin. That's already drawn a response from many, including Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who said, ‘Partnering with Putin on a cybersecurity unit is akin to partnering with Assad on a chemical weapons unit.' Your response? MNUCHIN: In all due respect, and I think very highly of the senator, but let me just comment on that. I think this is a very important step forward, that what we want to make sure is that we coordinate with Russia, that we're focused on cybersecurity together, that we make sure that they never interfere in any democratic elections or conduct any cybersecurity, and this is like any other strategic alliance, whether we're doing military exercises with our allies or anything else. This is about having capabilities to make sure that we both fight cyber together, which I think is a very significant accomplishment for President Trump.
Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the ranking Democratic member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence, was even more outspoken than Rubio in his condemnation of the initiative in a separate interview on CNN:
I don't think we can expect the Russians to be some sort of credible partner in a cybersecurity unit, I think that would be dangerously naïve for this country, if that's our best election defense, we might as well just mail our ballot boxes to Moscow.
After their interference in our 2016 election, Russia continues to attack and antagonize America with state-sponsored and sanctioned computer attacks.
The insistence that the United States must work on issues related to cybersecurity with a country that committed cyberattacks against our democracy is yet another sign that Russia's gamble paid off handsomely — while leaving America holding the bill.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — North Carolina Attorney General Roy Cooper is calling for the public release of the video related to the fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott by a CMPD officer.
Cooper released the following statement:
N.C. Attorney General Roy Cooper released the following statement:
It has been a difficult 72 hours for Charlotte. Yesterday, I met and spoke with Mayor Roberts, faith and community leaders, law enforcement and national guard officials in Charlotte and I am deeply grateful for all the work they are doing to keep people and property safe. The question this morning is where do we go from here?
We must continue in the pursuit of the truth while also continuing the important work of bringing our communities and law enforcement together to build trust and safety for all. One step toward meeting both goals is for the videos in this case to be released to the public.
Transparency between the community and our law enforcement breaks down barriers and brings progress. As Attorney General I have witnessed first hand the honorable work that our officers do everyday and I am grateful for their hard work and sacrifice. I also know that many in our community feel disproportionately targeted and yearn to be heard and respected. Everyone is safer when there is mutual respect between law enforcement and our communities and working for that mutual respect is critical.
(courtesy of The Other 98%)
Walmart employs 1.4 million Americans, and pays roughly 800,000 of them less than $25,000/year [PDF]. Because this is barely enough money to live, Walmart workers turn to public assistance, which costs taxpayers $6.2 billion annually [PDF]. These part-time workersmany of whom are black or Latino and femalecannot feed themselves or their families, so employees hold food drives for their colleagues. To call attention to this cruel reality, a labor group chained a giant food bin to the awning of Alice Walton's $25 million Park Avenue condo.
BREAKING: #WalmartStrikers return food bin to Alice Walton's Park Ave. condo, saying they want a raise, not charity. pic.twitter.com/3b0lCgj7o3 — The Other 98% (@other98) November 24, 2014
The company earned $16 billion in profit last year, much of it going to the Waltons, America's richest family (Alice is worth $38 billion herself). It is a terrific time to be a giant corporation.
Walmart's workers are planning to strike on Black Friday in 1,600 different locations, demanding full-time, steady employment, and a living wage of $15.
"I'm writing to you because it hurts to see the pain in my younger brothers' eyes when we can't afford food to fill their stomachs," La'Randa Jackson, a Walmart employee from Cincinnati wrote in an open letter to Alice Walton.
"Ms. Walton, my co-workers and I don't want your food bins. We work hard and we don't want your charity. We want you and your family to improve pay and hours for Walmart workers like me so that we can buy our own groceries. We want fair pay for the work that we do to help your family add $8.6 million a day to your $150 billion in wealth."
A Walmart spokesperson assured Reuters that the company pays "very competitive wages."
The Grand Tour Series 2 is off to a flying start – after the first two episodes were well received online by fans around the world. Naturally, their focus will now turn to the third episode – so what can they expect?
In this show Jeremy Clarkson asks if Europe's glamour set still need their jets and helicopters to fulfil a busy day of breakfasting in St Tropez, skiing in the Alps and dining in Turin or if they'd be better off with a car.
And it's not just any car because he's testing the new, 1,479hp Bugatti Chiron with an epic cross-Europe dash.
Also in this episode, James May is on the Mediterranean island of Majorca to see if the new Kia Stinger GT is faster than gravity itself with a race against some skateboarders.
Plus May joins Richard Hammond to relieve the boredom of office lunchtimes with the all-new sport of car park racing. Another red Kia on The Grand Tour? Has hell frozen over?
Another big question is answered in Celebrity Face Off as actor Hugh Bonneville goes against naturalist Casey Anderson to find the world's fastest person who lives with a bear.
And finally, this episode will also feature two iconic 200+ mph supercars from the not-so-distant past – the Jaguar XJ220 and the Bugatti EB 110!
Excited much? The Grand Tour Series 2 Episode 3 will be available Friday 22nd December 2017 on Amazon Prime Video.
Since the start of Macau's legal casino industry in 2001, revenue is on a seven month downswing for the first time.
Reportedly revenue decreased 2.6% in 2014 to $44.1bn; however the most significant drop was in December with a 30.4% plummet according to figures released by Macau's Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau.
Even with less money passing through Macau, the region continues to generate nearly seven times the revenue of Las Vegas.
The government's plans to sniff out gambling activities and conspicuous spending is to blame for the hard blow to casino income in Macau. Recent suggestions to diversify income in Macau have been swirling.
Macau is actually the only Chinese region where casinos and gambling is permitted and became the mecca that it is today once well-known international resorts broke ground there after the Chinese government put the kibosh on the casino monopoly in 2001.
In total, Macau's casinos are down $58bn over the course of the last six months.
Source:Macau's gambling revenue hit with first annual fall
Ceterosexual and Ceteroromantic Pride
Ceterosexual/romantic is sexual/romantic attraction to individuals who's genders fall under the nonbinary umbrella.
This term used to be called skoliosexual/romantic but was renamed because the prefix “skolio-” means “bent or crooked” which implies nonbinary individuals are abnormal or broken. The new prefix “cetero” means “other”
This term is exclusive to trans and/or nonbinary individuals. This is because many nonbinary individuals thought that this term could be seen as fetishistic is used by cis indiviauls seeing as gender is hard to tell simply by looks and many cis individuals were judging who was and was not binary by presentation alone
Here's what the flag colours mean:
Yellow: Nonbinary/ Attraction to nonbinary individuals Green: Bigender,genderqueer, or other genders. White & Black: Neutrois, Agender, Null Gender or questioning gender identity Lavender Heart: Love outside the gender norms
Here are small graphics to show your cetero pride:
Hi chaps and chapettes.
A busy one today.
A lot of work has gone into combat, particularly with the way monsters react to damage and shields. They now clash with your shield with a satisfying bump. It's also possible to stun an NPC with your shield to give you time to counter attack.
Kyren is still working on the leveling database, she expects a big chunk of it to be finished by tomorrow morning.
Planets now have different lighting depending on the kind of star they orbit and their proximity to it.
Here's a planet VERY close to a red dwarf:
I think we might need to tone it down a little :P
A bunch of cool new items were added, making good use of the addition of the throwable item system.
We've begun adding bows which are going to be specifically used for hunting early on in the game.
Right now they're using the gun system so they're a bit ugly. But we'll improve them.
and a bazillion more tweaks and refinements.
• 30-year-old looking for a longer-term deal at the club • Defender free to speak to foreign teams in January
Glen Johnson has indicated he is approaching the end of his Liverpool career having admitted that talks on a contract extension at Anfield have fallen “very quiet”.
The 30-year-old will become a free agent next summer and is able to sign a pre-contract agreement with a foreign club from 1 January, having so far resisted the offer of a 12-month extension to his £120,000-a-week deal from Liverpool's owners, Fenway Sports Group.
Liverpool's offer arrived earlier this year but remains unsigned, with Johnson seeking a longer-term contract. The Anfield club secured fellow England international Daniel Sturridge on a new five-year deal last week and have opened negotiations with Raheem Sterling's representatives over an enhanced and extended contract for the talented 19-year-old.
Asked for an update on his contract situation, Johnson replied it was: “very quiet”. He added: “I am just concentrating week by week and not thinking about it. Of course I want to stay but, like I say, I worry about this week, this week, and then next week, next week. That is how I live my life.”
Johnson returned from a six-week injury lay-off in Liverpool's 2-1 win over West Bromwich Albion on Saturday and admitted he was disappointed not to have recovered ahead of England's squad announcement for the Euro 2016 qualifiers against San Marino and Estonia.
“I would have preferred the international break to have come next week so I could declare myself fit and available,” he said. “Obviously with the squad being picked last Thursday I haven't played for six weeks so I can't be involved. I want to go away with the England team and play again for them as well.”
A billion-dollar new hospital is the centerpiece of Children's Healthcare of Atlanta's plan for its Brookhaven campus, CHOA revealed on Feb. 9. Along with other developments in the works by CHOA and Emory University, including an Atlanta Hawks training and medical facility, it means the area of North Druid Hills Road and I-85 is set to become metro Atlanta's latest major medical center.
The new Brookhaven pediatric hospital eventually will replace CHOA's 255-bed Egleston Hospital at Emory University, whose own site's future use has not been determined, according to the announcement. Other details of the new hospital are scant, with the announcement launching an estimated 18 months of planning.
CHOA already has a 45-acre office complex at the intersection and for over a year has hinted at massive redevelopment. It recently broke ground on the first phase, an eight-story medical building called the Center for Advanced Pediatrics. The new hospital has been discussed privately with state officials, as Gov. Nathan Deal was quoted in CHOA's announcement press release.
“The health of Georgia's children has consistently been one of my top priorities,” Deal said in the press release. “Children's Healthcare provides vital care for children from across the state, and its plans for a new hospital and continued statewide growth will help ensure that Georgia's kids have a healthy future.”
“As we like to say, we're glad Children's is growing with us,” said Ann Marie Quill, a spokesperson for the city of Brookhaven, in an email. “That hospital will be a great benefit to the community as far as serving children and for the local economy. The CHOA/Emory/Hawks area is promising to be a southern gateway to the city that we will be proud of.”
The announcement indicates that other existing major CHOA facilities around metro Atlanta will remain in place and several expansions are underway. That includes CHOA's Scottish Rite hospital on “Pill Hill,” the medical center in Sandy Springs, near the Brookhaven border, where Emory Saint Joseph's and Northside hospitals also stand. An expansion of Scottish Rite to add beds is underway.
Another CHOA project, coming this year, is an urgent care center “in the Chamblee/Brookhaven area,” according to the announcement.
CHOA has a long relationship with Emory, as Egleston Hospital is a teaching affiliate of the university's medical school. Emory is also expanding its medical presence at North Druid Hills and I-85, where the $50 million facility in partnership with the Atlanta Hawks basketball team is under construction.
CHOA estimates its “total investment” in the new Brookhaven hospital will be $1 billion to $1.3 billion. Design, planning and permitting work is expected through the rest of this year. “Specific transportation, site and building plans for the North Druid Hills Campus will be developed over the next 18 months,” the announcement press release says.
Cops: Good Samaritans stop woman from drowning herself, toddler in Lakeland Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Laquisha Mosley, Polk County Jail booking photo and a photo of the scene [ + - ] Video
LAKELAND, Fla. (WFLA) – Good Samaritans prevented a Winter Haven woman from potentially drowning herself and a two-year-old boy in Lakeland on Monday morning.
Detectives say Laquisha Mosley, 21, and a toddler were in a car that crashed into an embankment near the Memorial Boulevard on-ramp to Interstate-4.
According to witness statements, Mosley had sideswiped another car and then crashed into a barrier.
Witnesses then saw Mosley carry the two-year-old boy, climb a fence and run into a lake.
"I heard people screaming, 'get that baby, get the baby,'" neighbor Angi Witaker said.
She said the commotion woke her up. "I heard people saying 'she is going to drown that baby,' so I jumped up and ran outside."
Without a second thought, Whitaker jumped into the lake after the woman.
"She was in the water, and I reached for her, and I said, 'let me help you get out' and she said 'you're not taking my baby' and went off into the water deeper. I followed her," Whitaker said. "She would not let go of the child."
As Whitaker tried to talk Mosley into handing the child over, another Good Samaritan ran to help.
A man grabbed Mosley, while a neighbor grabbed the toddler from the lake.
"He grabbed her by the arm and said, 'get the baby!' I snatched the baby as fast as I could and swam back to the bank," Whitaker said.
Lakeland police then arrived at the scene as the Good Samaritans were trying to get Mosley and the toddler out of the water.
According to a police report, Mosley ignored the officer's commands and tried to jump back in the water, until he threatened her with a taser. Once in cuffs, the officer said Mosley started to kick and scream.
Mosley was arrested and charged with leaving the scene of an accident and child endangerment for not getting the toddler medical treatment.
The toddler was treated at Lakeland Regional Medical Center for a fractured left femur.
Mosley broke down in court Tuesday morning when a judge ordered she not has contact with her son if she posts the $18,000 bond he set.
Mosley and the child had been listed as missing and endangered after a relative reported that they never returned home from a trip to the store on Sunday night.
Watch News Channel 8 at 5 tonight to see new information about this story.
Ahead of the Formula E race in Hong Kong, the former champion talks what you need to succeed in a high-pressure environment
Our forthcoming newsletter will cover the people, businesses and ideas impacting Asia you need to know. Sign up here
Central Harbourfront is set to turn into a racetrack once again this weekend as globe-trotting electric-powered motorsport Formula E screeches into town for the second time. One of the most recognisable names on the grid will be Nelson Piquet Jr, the son of three-time Formula One world champion Nelson Piquet and a former F1 driver himself. Piquet Jr left motorsport's top tier at the age of 24 under a cloud of controversy, but has been tenaciously rebuilding his career in various motorsports—including rallycross, Nascar and Formula E—reminding fans of the raw talent they first saw when a young Piquet Jr went toe-to-toe with current Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton for the GP2 championship in 2006, before either had graduated to Formula One.
That same talent and determination led the driver to win the inaugural Formula E championship in 2015, despite driving for a makeshift independent racing team that had no reputation, no budget, and—most thought—no hope. After two less successful seasons, Piquet Jr is tipped by pundits to be competitive again this year having signed for Jaguar Racing in the off-season, meaning there will be plenty at stake for the Brazilian at this weekend's 2017-18 season opener. We catch up with Piquet Jr at the Mandarin Oriental ahead of the Hong Kong Formula E race to learn three things that are crucial for success regardless of industry, and what it takes to make a Formula E champion.
Nelson Piquet Jr preparing for the Hong Kong Formula E race. (Photo: Courtesy of Panasonic Jaguar Racing)
German police anticipate continuing growth in the rate of offences against the person, criminal damage, theft, and drug offences in line with rising migration according to a leaked internal paper.
According to the document, federal and regional officers all expect that the continued mass migration of people from Africa, the Middle East and central Asia to Germany will lead to higher levels of crime.
They fully expect that criminal trends like sexual attacks, violence, property damage and drug offences will greatly increase. The paper has come from the simply named “immigration” unit, tasked with dealing with the migrant crisis and operating out of Dusseldorf.
The fears of attacks on migrant centres in response to migrant crimes by right wing radicals are also though to be likely to grow as well as the crisis continues.
Called Challenges and Police Impact, the report is a risk analysis of the migrant situation in Germany. Experts from across regional and federal agencies have given their own input on how to deal with security and enforcement of the law in regards to the mass influx of migrants. The scope of the report is to “draw attention to possible negative developments of safety and critical aspects of tasks performed by police,” and figuring out what police need to adjust and focus on to make sure migrant crime does not spiral out of control.
There is a tremendous burden on police forces due to the manpower needed to look after and direct migrants around the country, as well as to monitor newly built asylum accommodation. In countries like Sweden where policing of these facilities has been more hands-off, they have become a den of drug offences and sexual violence toward women and minors as well as ever growing violence toward sexual and religious minorities.
A confidential management report in North Rhine-Westphalia gives a glimpse into how overburdened police are with officers being called 93,000 times to 314 separate asylum accommodations for reports of varying degrees of criminality. How often the police had to come out to resolve disputes or make arrests in the 4,500 municipally run asylum homes and camps is not covered in the report, however.
The document also mentions that almost every other time the police are called to an asylum lodging it is to deal with thefts, vandalism and disputes that often turn violent. Cultural, ethnic and religious conflicts fuelled by lack of space, lack of privacy and what is called a “substantial” consumption of drugs and alcohol is believed to lead to many of the disputes becoming violent in the centres.
Authorities are also concerned about Islamist organizations like ISIS recruiting dissatisfied migrants in the centres who could be radicalised and even commit terrorism along the lines of the attacks in Paris last year. As Breitbart London has reported, Islamic State commanders have been found at migrant homes and the radical Islamic philosophy of Salafism is continuing to creep into the homes spread by radical Islamic preachers.
GETTY Brussels police will be made to take lessons on Islam
Under the new initiative labelled “Conflict management or how to avoid difficulties when dealing with Muslims”, officers will undertake an eight-hour module examining the religion and study the history of immigration into Belgium from 1960 to the present. Brussels authorities have added the new scheme on top of the existing COPPRA training, an EU funded project designed to equip officers on the ground to prevent and spot radicalisation.
Police believe that in a multicultural city, a basic knowledge of Islam is essential to a committed police force Annemie Maes
Part of the training will involve role-playing activities and extra training to help officers spot radicalisation and jihadi brainwashing. Brussels MP Annemie Maes said: "This training follows the request of the police force itself. “Police believe that in a multicultural city, a basic knowledge of Islam is essential to a committed police force.
GETTY A similar scheme has already been adopted by Antwerp police
Brussels terrorist attacks Wed, March 22, 2017 The Brussels airport and Metro bombings in pictures, including the aftermath of the tragic scenes. Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 61 A member of the civil protection holds his face in his hands as he come back from the Maalbeek metro station in Brussels
The Green MP added: “They thus wish to achieve respectful and non-reducing mutual relations, characterised by a positive openness to the sharing of knowledge which does not avoid the difficult questions. “Specifically, it is a continuation of the training COPPRA, partly funded by Europe, oriented police function to the community for the prevention of radicalisation and terrorism.” Brussels will be adopting the methods already used at Campus Vesta, Antwerp's police training school. Antwerp's deputy police officer Bruno Peeters told Belgium media that the information taught to officers was “very respectful” to Islam.
GETTY Brussels airport was attacked last year
This post originally appeared in the pages of the FanGraphs Community blog.
A question that tends to pop up around this time of year: “When does fantasy baseball season start?” Of course, we all know that fantasy baseball season never ends, especially for those of us in keeper and dynasty leagues. To wit, Brad Johnson's “Keeper Questions” thread posted just yesterday at FanGraphs is now sitting at 350 comments and growing. As we all collectively count the days ‘til spring training and opening day, one of the most oft-discussed and most subjectively-answered topics is “Who do I keep?” Fantasy baseball players intuitively understand the idea of aging, at least qualitatively. Older players are less valuable, given that their performance is more likely to decrease due to both injury and ineffectiveness. But how much is age worth, really?
Thanks to work by Jeff Zimmerman and Bill Petti (Hitters, Pitchers), we now generally know that in the post-PED era, players only get worse once they're in the league. It won't stop people from imagining a Mike Trout 30-WAR age 26 season, but it appears to be true. However, how to translate this knowledge into quantifiable fantasy valuation remained a bit unclear. For hitters, the original work used deltas in wRC+, and Mike Podhorzer (and Jeff) took a look at how steals age, filling in one piece of the 5×5 puzzle. For pitchers, we know how the various component pieces of pitcher performance (K/9, BB/9, velocity, etc.) age, but the most catch-all stat examined would be FIP. In any case, these really only give you a qualitative sense of aging, short of attempting to correlate wRC+ or FIP with 5×5 value and applying those curves directly.
Previous hitter and pitcher aging curves
As in Jeff's work, I'll direct the reader to Mitchel Litchman's piece which describes the basic methodology for constructing an aging curve using the delta method. In this case, I have not weighted any of the deltas by harmonic mean. As in other studies using deltas, each point on the following aging plots represents the cumulative change in the stat of interest (5×5 z-score, or 5z for short, in this case) for players of the given age couplet. Age couplets are identified by the older year (e.g. the difference between age 25 and age 26 performance is represented at 26).To capture post-PED era behavior as discussed by Jeff, only stats from 2006 thru 2015 were used.
In this study, I'll additionally make use of the z-score method of calculating fantasy value above replacement, as originally inspired by Zach Sanders' four-part article and further discussed by myself here. For the sake of simplicity, all discussion here is centered on 5×5 z-scores but could theoretically be expanded and applied to any fantasy format. I can only speculate that the results would be similar. One modification is the use of SV+HD's over SVs. This reduces year-to-year fluctuation of value due to closer role changes while still considering the usage of relievers in high leverage situations. The averages and standard deviations used are the same ones I use for computing standard 5×5 z-scores, obtained from 2013-2015 stats using a PA minimum of 400 and IP minimum of 100 for SPs, 50 for RPs.
PA HR R RBI SB AVG nAVG wRC+ AVG 555.7 15.4 65.0 62.6 8.9 0.266 28.4 81.9 SD 90.1 9.1 18.5 21.2 10.4 0.028 494.4 43.7 IP W SO SVHD ERA WHIP SIERA nERA nWHIP AVG 110.0 6.6 83.7 9.2 4.73 1.42 4.42 32.5 34.2 SD 71.0 5.2 62.5 12.8 1.71 0.27 0.78 85.9 94.7
Hitters
Z-scores for each of the 5 stats are calculated for all players, and then the total z-score, abbreviated here as 5z, is calculated as (zHR + zR + zRBI + zSB + znAVG)/5. In this case, we're not going to worry about replacement level or any other adjustments, as we only care about change in 5z year-to-year. For the sake of context, Bryce Harper's 2015 earned him a 1.9 5z. Michael Brantley had a 0.7. Elvis Andrus put up a solid 0.1. All that aside, the initial hitter aging curve for 5z score looks like this:
Keep in mind when looking at this plot that it is a cumulative measure, so 37 year olds are not going to lose a Bryce-Harper's-worth of value next year, but rather the difference between age 36 and age 37 on the plot. The peak at age 26 agrees well with earlier studies, and the general shape looks familiar, so we're off to a good start. However, the rising value from age 22 to 26 doesn't quite fit with what might be expected from Jeff's wRC+ curve. To examine a potential source of this difference, we can look to playing time. To compare change in ‘quantity' of production vs. change in ‘quality' of production, I ran z-scores of PA and wRC+.
Well that'd explain it. The aging behavior of playing time is a very sharp incline/decline on either side of age 26, and number of plate appearances is a huge factor in 5z score. Meanwhile, the wRC+ curve unsurprisingly has not changed much in the two years since Jeff's initial study, holding completely steady from 22 to 26 followed by a gradual decrease.
To confirm this behavior holds true for 5z when playing time is not a factor, 5z scores were re-calculated only for players who had <10% change in PA's.
As I'd hoped, it turns out that the growth in 5z value from age 22 to 26 is entirely playing-time based. Before 26, the consistent playing-time group of players have a nearly flat 5z score (with perhaps a slight downward slope). After 26, the decline phase in both 5z and wRC+ is quite similar until about age 34, and then from 34 onward playing time appears to be a major factor, with the original curves showing a much steeper decline.
Pitchers
For pitchers, the approach is similar, although starters and relievers were separated into their own aging curves. 5z is calculated as (zW + zSO + zSVHD + znERA + znWHIP)/5. Again for the sake of context, Clayton Kershaw's 2015 earned him a 2.4 5z. Cole Hamels had a 0.7. Jeff Samardzija is hoping you forgot his -0.3. The initial starting pitcher aging curve for 5z score looks like this:
Again, a peak at age 26. Perhaps as a result of some survivor bias for starters that continue to pitch through their late 30's, the decline in 5z is less sharp than it is for hitters. Obviously, the number of pitchers than continue starting into their late 30's is quite small, and so as discussed elsewhere there is likely a competing effect between decreasing IP totals and increasing quality of remaining pitchers. Continuing along the same thread as I did for hitters, I'll compare change in ‘quantity' of production vs. change in ‘quality' of production via z-scores of IP and my favorite ERA indicator, SIERA.
We again see that the aging curve for IP is steep on both the incline and decline. The aging behavior of 5z scores for starters nearly follows the zSIERA pattern, reinforcing the idea of survivor bias on the 5z curve. zSIERA is remarkably stable, with the first real drop off occurring at age 36.
To confirm this behavior holds true for 5z when playing time is not a factor, 5z scores were re-calculated only for players who had <10% change in IP.
Sample size becomes a bit of an issue as SP workloads fluctuate more than position players'. But we do find a very intriguing curve with nearly constant value all the way through age 31, followed by a gradual decline that follows the same trend as the zSIERA for this group of players. This prolonged peak doesn't quite match up with the shape we'd expect from the Petti/Zimmerman curves, where skills are stable through 26 and then degrade. However, I am willing to believe that selecting out players that were healthy two consecutive years (or at least, equally healthy in both years) may bias us towards pitchers with more longevity. In any case I believe this definitely indicates that the initial increase in 5z value is from pitchers breaking into the league and increasing their IP totals, not from improving performance.
As identified by the Petti/Zimmerman curves, relief pitchers age differently from starters, maintaining their early career velocity and K/9 longer than starters on average. This bears out in the 5z scores as well. The decline overall appears to be shallower, although given the lesser value of RPs in 5×5 vs. SPs, this is likely not an inherent quality of RP aging. The peak age shifts to age 28, as we'd expect from the aforementioned K/9 and velocity aging curves. For the sake of not repeating similar zIP/zSIERA/5z-10% analysis over again, I'll simply provide here the comparison of the two 5z curves for pitchers.
Aging Factor
Finally returning to the thesis question of all of this, I believe we've arrived at a set of very useful data with the above delta z-score analysis for hitters, starters, and relievers, along with a good set of conclusions for how to apply them. Given the fact that in each case the early-career increases in 5z score were attributed to playing time, I am going to assume no correction needs to be made for players in their age-26 and earlier seasons (age 28 in the case of relievers). This assumption is not totally correct in the case of young players projected for less than full playing time in 2016, but I'll come back to that. After 26, I'll apply the 5z aging curves, which will capture the aggregate effect of both decreasing playing time and decreasing performance with age. For the sake of smoother data, the initial aging curves from above were used to generate polynomial regressions and replotted here.
From here, calculating changes to player values in keeper leagues is simple. As an example, Miguel Cabrera is projected for a 1.44 5z score by steamer for 2016 in his age 33 season. If I owned him on a 3 year contract, I could project his value over that 3-year span, obtaining aging factors from the plot above:
Age Aging factor 5z Year 1 33 – 1.44 Year 2 34 -0.26 1.18 Year 3 35 -0.28 0.90 AVG 1.17
Or, if playing more to “win now” (as you should), I could weight earlier years,
Age Aging factor 5z Weight Year 1 33 – 1.44 50% Year 2 34 -0.26 1.18 33% Year 3 35 -0.28 0.90 17% wAVG 1.26
In either case, we see that Miggy's value drops somewhat significantly over the course of a three year contract, but not so much that we should be looking to deal him at any cost. And best of all, it can be done with just the current year's projections and a spreadsheet.
Playing Time Bonus
Looping back around to a final adjustment, players under 26 who are not projected for a full season's workload in the current year should be expected to pick up additional playing time in the following years. This is most significant in the case of SPs, where teams now generally apply the golden rule of 30IP increases in workload each year. We can calculate the expected growth in 5z using the portions of the initial 5z curves from age 22 to 26. This works well as an alternative to simply multiplying a given player's production out to full playing time, which is both complicated in terms of spreadsheet maneuvering, and can give unreasonably large bonuses to players projected for platoon roles.
To account for increased IP totals for starters, I looked to the zIP and 5z curves. From the 5z curve, players gained a total of about 0.5 5z from age 22 to 26, while gaining 1.3 standard deviations in IP, or about 70 innings. It seems reasonable to then say that a player under age 26 can gain up to a maximum of 0.5 5z, based on how many innings (out of a potential 70, up to a max total of 200) his workload is likely to increase in the following years, and fortunately these two curves map easily onto each other as a linear function.
PT Bonus SP = .0067*ΔIP
For instance, on a three year contract the net result is something like this for a player like Luis Severino, currently projected for 161 IPs in his age 22 season for 2016:
Age IP PT Bonus 5z Year 1 22 161 – 0.16 Year 2 23 191 +0.20 0.36 Year 3 24 200 +0.06 0.42 AVG 0.31
And again, you'd likely want to weight for earlier years as I showed with Miggy.
Finally, the same thing can be done for young hitters. The approach is similar to what I did for pitchers – in this case, the maximum bonus is 0.65 5z over about a 220 PA increase, where I'll set the max yearly increase at 75PA and max possible total at 600 PA (450 PA for catchers)
PT Bonus­ H = .0030*ΔPA
For instance, on a three year contract the net result is something like this for a player like Javier Baez, currently projected for 335 PA in his age 23 season for 2016:
Age PA PT Bonus 5z Year 1 23 335 – -.48 Year 2 24 410 +0.23 -0.25 Year 3 25 485 +0.23 -0.02 AVG -0.25
Results
I'll conclude with a direct comparison of two top-300 rankings generated by z-scores, with and without the aging curve modifications discussed here (click the tabs at the bottom to switch between the two). In this case, I used a 3-year aging modification for all players. The projections used are primarily steamer, with some custom projections added in by me. Overall I'd say the aging-modified ranks make good sense and have provided a way to reliably quantify keeper/dynasty value within the z-score method. Certain players will still always be inherently riskier if they rely specifically on skills that age faster than average (for instance, players with above-average K-rate), but this acts as a good blanket modification without introducing subjectivity.
Moving forward, the ability to integrate aging curves into the Big Board will be added for 2016 -get pumped, keeper/dynasty leaguers!
Until Midge, Brosnahan played almost solely dramatic roles. That's where she feels most comfortable, most in control; as she has discovered, telling jokes involves a level of vulnerability far beyond crying on camera. Luckily, the women whom Sherman-Palladino and Palladino write are all about taut sentences and tight timing; there is nothing elastic about them. Their loose, swingy tempo is entirely preplanned, down to the word (“a monstrous amount of material, and you have to have it down cold,” Brosnahan said). While this rigor may not have worked for a seasoned comedian, someone accustomed to improvisation, Brosnahan took to the constraints right away. She found the bounce inside Midge's hardness; she snaps the end of her sentences like bubble gum.
Sherman-Palladino's own father, Don Sherman, was a comic right out of the borscht-belt old school. After he died in 2012, she started to think about how she might honor his legacy by telling stories about his world — Lenny Bruce would come by the house when she was a child, and though her family lived in L.A. by then, she grew up hearing war stories about the New York stand-up scene. She began to think about setting something in the world her father rattled around in, the dank Village clubs of the '60s. But instead of following a grizzled comic through the haze of two-drink minimums and chance encounters with Jack Paar, she decided to showcase a much less examined life: that of a normal woman, alone under the hot lights, slinging zingers for pay.
It is this belief in Midge's normalcy — that she was just like every other wife putting a steak dinner on the table before she was not — that ultimately makes her a radical character for television right now. Her comedy doesn't come from a deep well of insecurity; it comes from a brazen moxie that she cannot explain and never realized had a viable outlet until she stepped onstage. At this turbulent moment in show business, when many men — especially comics — who were praised and protected as icons are being revealed as harassers, creeps and criminals, what we thought of as a linear narrative of progress is being rewritten. We are seeing how many talented women were forced to diminish themselves or give up in the face of misogyny, particularly in comedy, where being a successful woman is so often tied to making the boys in power laugh.
“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” has a swirling, magical-realism quality to it. It begins with a wedding — Midge and Joel's — at which, naturally, Midge insists on giving her own toast. She is a woman who has enjoyed every privilege: couture clothes, the full spread at Zabar's fish counter, a palatial apartment in her parents' building. One striking scene from the pilot follows Midge as she does her nightly beauty routine, waking up twice in the middle of the night, once to remove her makeup and again to put it back on, so that her husband always wakes up to a perfectly done face. When Joel leaves Midge, the shock is seismic. She has never had to work, or even struggle with her own self-image. This is why her revelations are so primed for comedy: She is a woman who fully believed she deserved the moon, and when her perfect facade disappears, she's apoplectic and confused and ready to rant.
Whenever Midge's jokes really hit, it is joyful and electric to watch. Women have the right to claim, and reclaim, a place in stand-up comedy history. There were always women working the circuit, even on the borscht belt — like the 1960s club regular Belle Barth, who sold millions of comedy records. “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” provides a vehicle through which to engage and recover their stories all over again. Because Midge doesn't start out on a crusade, she almost smuggles progress into the world; like many women navigating midcentury lives, her success is mounted like an undercover operation.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201604/495/1155968404_4845803445001_4845690107001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true The ad is titled “Clinton/Nixon,” an apparent nod to the famous "Frost/Nixon" interview from which some of its images are taken. GOP super PAC: Clinton is the new Nixon
NEW YORK — Big-money Republican super PAC American Crossroads is rolling out a new ad that explicitly links Hillary Clinton to Richard Nixon.
Having determined Clinton's trustworthiness is her foremost weakness, the Karl Rove-founded group is tying Clinton directly to the scandal-plagued former president in the days before New York voters head to the polls on Tuesday. The ad looks to further sour Bernie Sanders' backers and undecided voters on Clinton, hoping to dent the front-runner's lead in a primary that has become increasingly tense as Sanders scrambles to close a double-digit poll deficit.
The 30-second video spot, which is set to run through next Tuesday's primary, opens with dramatic music and a grainy closeup of Nixon answering the House Judiciary Committee subpoena of his recordings in April 1974. “What I have stated from the beginning to be the truth, has been the truth,” says Nixon before the ad cuts to a close-up of Clinton, sitting for an interview in 2015.
“I want people to understand what the truth is,” she says, referring to her email arrangement at the State Department.
The ad then careens back and forth between a series of intercut clips of Nixon and Clinton, interspersed with headlines from this election cycle that feature both of their names. The spot finishes with Nixon intoning, “I'm sorry, I just hope I haven't let you down,” as viewers see images of him waving in front of Marine One before the helicopter left the White House for the last time. It then cuts to Clinton saying, “I'm sorry about that, I take responsibility” while it shows her waving in front of a plane, before “#NEVERHILLARY” is stamped across the screen.
“It's eerie how similar they are — the compulsive references to trust, the emphatic denials,” said Crossroads President and CEO Steven Law, pointing to Clinton's work on the panel looking into Nixon's impeachment in 1974. “It's as if Hillary studied the Nixon model while on the Watergate committee and then decided to replicate it."
The ad is titled “Clinton/Nixon,” an apparent nod to the famous “Frost/Nixon” interview from which some of its images are taken.
Part of a five-figure digital buy in New York, it is the second ad in the PAC's “#NeverHillary” push, an effort to knock the former secretary of state at a time when most Republicans and well-funded conservative groups are primarily focused on their own party's internecine nomination war involving Donald Trump.
Many Democrats have been surprised that more GOP groups haven't already spent millions against Clinton this election cycle, and Crossroads has started taking up the role of trying to remind fellow Republicans that Clinton is likely to be their opponent come November.
Getting paid as a freelancer can often turn into an ordeal, but there are several ways you can make it easier for yourself. Here are some tips to ensure a steady flow of cash into your freelancing business.
1. Invoice Promptly
The later you send an invoice, the later you are going to get paid. So make sure that you get your invoices out in a timely fashion. If producing invoices is a hassle, then get yourself some invoicing software that makes it easy. I personally recommend FreeAgent.
2. Ask for money up front
Ask for a deposit before you start work. This can be anything from 20% up to the full amount. Don't think the client will give you anything up front? There's no harm asking. I insist on a project deposit from clients that I haven't worked with before to minimise my risk.
3. Use payment milestones
If you are working on a project that's going to run for at least a few weeks, then consider having intermittent payment milestones. Schedule an invoice every week, or every fortnight.
4. Shorten your payment terms
30 days is an awful long time to wait to be paid if you have previously spent weeks, or even months, on a project. Shorten your payment terms to 14 days, or less.
5. Automatically follow up
If an invoice has passed its due date, then follow up with a friendly reminder e-mail. Most invoicing software will have this feature in built saving you the time of following up yourself. Be friendly, but persistent.
6. Charge late payers
At least in the UK, you are legally entitled to charge interest and an optional fee for late payments. Add a note to all of your invoices to say that you have the right to charge for late payments. Send a new invoice with your late payment charge after a defined period — say, 14 days after the due date.
With all of the tips, it makes sense to get invoicing terms defined in your client contract before you start working. This will protect you legally from any payment problems.
Were these tips useful? Let me know in the comments below!
Want to get freelancing tips from me? (no more than 1 e-mail a week, I promise!)
Photo credit: “Cash flow” by Jayson Ignacio via Flickr
Of the 2016 Buffalo Bills rookie class, only a handful of players is able to make some sort of impact during the 2016 season.
Whether it was injury or sheer ability, players who joined the Bills last season proved to be generally impotent.
Buffalo's first-round draft pick, Shaq Lawson, missed a major chunk of the season with an ailing shoulder and recorded just two sacks in the 10 games he was able to play in.
In what was a major tough break for the Bills, second-round pick Reggie Ragland missed the entire season after tearing his ACL early on at training camp.
These second-year players are unequivocally determined to make an impact in the 2017 season and prove their draft-worthiness.
Related 5 Bills with chips on their shoulders heading into the 2017 season
The 2017 rookie class will look to make a different impact than their 2016 counterparts. Many of the players in this year's class were selected because of their ability to immediately compete for playing time. Buffalo's front office put themselves in an advantageous position to help the team not only in the future but as soon as this season.
Coach Sean McDermott utilizes a pragmatic approach to running the football team, contrary to the ideals and system Rex Ryan had in place the last two seasons.
Part of McDermott's pragmatic approach, that is also prevalent with general manager Brandon Beane, is to draft players who have the mindset and ability to make an immediate impact.
So far, the rookie who is lined up to generate the most impact during the 2017 season is first-round draft pick Tre'Davious White.
White was drafted by the team to plug a major hole in the Bills' secondary left by the loss of Stephon Gilmore to the New England Patriots. Another shot to the depth of Buffalo's secondary came with the release of Nickell Robey-Coleman, who later signed with the Los Angeles Rams.
During the mid-June mandatory minicamp, White already impressed the team's first-year head coach.
McDermott: #Bills 1st-round draft pick Tre'Davious White is playing like "a 2nd- or 3rd-year player at this point." — Vic Carucci (@viccarucci) June 15, 2017
Aside from White starting on the defense for the Bills, he could also be returning punts for Buffalo. White was a punt returner at LSU and finished his career with three punt returns for touchdowns for the Tigers.
When the dust of training camp settles and the New York Jets arrive at New Era Field for week one, Tre'Davious White could and should be sitting as the No. 2 cornerback on the team's depth chart.
A handful of other rookies in this year's class could make a major impact for the Bills.
Buffalo's second-round pick, Zay Jones, could see the field quite a bit this season. With news of Sammy Watkins being ‘ready to go' for training camp, Jones is now fighting for the No. 2 spot with Andre Holmes.
Even if Jones doesn't win the No. 2 spot in training camp, the FBS career reception record-holder will see plenty of playing time this season because of his speed and great hands.
Lastly, another rookie who could turn some heads as training camp commences is undrafted rookie Marquavius Lewis.
Pro Football Focus gave the former South Carolina Gamecock high marks and he was considered a steal for the Bills.
With training camp starting up this week and a week one matchup versus the Jets just about six weeks away, Buffalo will soon see their rookies in action and the potential of these young athletes come to fruition.
Translation of program by evenastoppedclock321!!!
Apparently Younha has a new ‘character' or image; 'self-bragging' (self-praising, that sort of thing) because she was asked whether someone's ever confessed to her while filming radio and she said '글쎄요'…? They asked her something about a PD and she said it was awkward. She said that she has (felt like that) before, but that when it's like that (in the studio, when X and Y sort of like each other) everyone (the guests/her) can sort of tell that there's a feeling between them ('썸', a slang term for that feeling when you're more than friends but not really together, you kind of like each other but you don't know where you are, that kind of feeling; it's the title of the duet that Soyu and Junggigo sang and those lyrics basically encompass the entire meaning). Then they asked again if there ever been a case of her liking them (a guest/PD/???) and she said there has been.
Then Kyuhyun asked something ridiculous like he usually does about whether they've ever 'passed notes' on their scripts (like, written messages down on their scripts because they're next to each other + didn't want to say it aloud, obviously) and Younha said no, that it's never gotten that deep (I think she means it never got that 'serious' or to that extent). Jongshin jumps on Kyuhyun about not making it seem like more than it is (not making it out to be super-serious or whatever) and Kyuhyun was like “I'm not, I've never (done that), I've just imagined it!”. Younha plays along and says “like writing 'oppaya~' or something” (and RS uses Kyuhyun for the CGI since she was responding to him but she's only joking sobs) .
Gura says that Bae Chulsoo said that Younha was really cute (as a hoobae/junior; that's just said to make it clear that he's not indicating romantic interest lmao) and had great skin. Chulsoo said that though Younha has makeup on now, he's seen her totally make-up-free face in just a white t-shirt and she was certainly/definitely pretty then too and he was super surprised because she has really great skin (Gookjin says in the background 'skin like a baby/little kid'; i.e., clear + smooth + nice). Then Jongshin asks if she wants to take her makeup off then to show them, hahaha, like 'cleansing'.
Jongshin asks about PD Go Seongho but Gura cuts him off saying “that hyung is over 50!”, but then Gookjin (the oldest of the MCs lmao) gets in with “so what if you're over 50?!”. They start talking about someone (sorry IDK this little bit x_x). Then Gookjin asks Younha about Kim Kangho (? assuming it's another actor) and So Jisub because they haven't come to RS but they've been on her Starry Night. She says So Jisub featured on her show and came with a cake he made himself + a scarf as a present for her, but Gura reminds her that So Jisub owns a bakery so he probably didn't make the cake himself. Everyone jumps on him for coming in and making that distinction because they all knew it (that he owns a bakery), is he trying to undermine the story, etc. etc., and they move past it.
Clip 2
They start talking about Younha's infamous belt incident. She says her manager told her to tighten it to show off her waist (like girls do, of course). I think she says it was tightened one more join/hole that it usually would be. Gura asks her if she knew that it had fallen when it did, and she says there was suddenly a 'puk!' sound when it gave way. She was wondering how to just sing the high parts freely, but then the belt ended up coming undone. Gura asks her which song it was, and Younha tells him it was 'It's Okay'. He asks her at which part it happened, and Jongshin asks 'the treble/high part?', to which Younha replies' yes, the high part…'. Kyuhyun chimes in by asking if the subject of the song was also 'It's Okay' (he's making a pun on the song title, saying something about how her performance of the song was okay even though the belt was flapping loose), and the MCs applaud him a bit for that. (T/N: from what I've seen of him MCing, Kyuhyun says puns a lot and refers to the guests' songs decently often). Younha goes on to explain that articles came out titled like that too – stuff like “Younha's belt gives way but 'It's Okay'!”. They ask what she did; Kyuhyun asks if she just acted like it was for the performance/meant to happen. Cut to clip of Younha slaying.
Then Gookjin mentions something about her dancing reputation. They keep asking her if she'll show them a bit. She demurs, then says her manager keeps shaking his head off-screen (saying 'don't do it'). Kyuhyun (jokingly) asks her manager to leave, lmao. They keep asking her if she'll show them her popping, and she's like 'will…will they play music?'. They do, and she starts dancing. (T/N: looool the difference in expressions on Kyuhyun's face from before she starts when he's spinning the pen and then when she's done!) They ask why she said she couldn't/wouldn't do it when she talked with the writers for the pre-interview, and then Gura goes into some tangent about how if she was going to perform like that would she make motions like the 'can't hear you' ear bit to get the crowd going. Or something. Jongshin asks again why she didn't want to do it, and Younha explains that there are so many people that are really good at dancing that her thinking was to let them do their thing and she would do hers. She says it was embarrassing. Then they start joking about how she can be playing guitar or piano and then toss it aside to start dancing, or how she should rip her belt off and then start dancing too.
T/N: going to post some of the comments off of one of the belt incident articles since they're relevant~
​A scan has revealed that Inter Milan forward Stevan Jovetic may miss as little as 10 days with an injury suffered ahead of Sunday's heavy defeat to Fiorentina.
Jovetic missed the 4-1 loss to his former employers after picking up a hamstring injury in the warm up.
The Montenegrin had been a key part of the Inter side that topped the table prior to Fiorentina's visit, scoring three goals in as many Serie A starts since his summer move from Manchester City.
And fortunately for all associated with the Nerazzurri, an MRI scan has since revealed only a pulled muscle.
.@sjovetic had an MRI scan this morning which revealed he has sustained a pulled left hamstring muscle #FCIM — F.C. Internazionale (@Inter_en) September 29, 2015
According to ​Gazzetta World, club officials believe it is likely the 25-year-old will miss between seven and 10 days, although he won't feature in this weekend's clash with Sampdoria.
Jovetic is also expected to be unavailable for his country's upcoming Euro 2016 qualifiers, but should return for Juventus' league visit to the San Siro in mid-October.
Defender Jeison Murillo also missed Inter's first defeat of the campaign, although the Colombian is set to return at the Stadio Luigi Ferraris.
I just spent more than a week diving deep into Windows 10's Anniversary Update. As a birthday present of sorts to users who've upgraded to Windows 10 in the past year since the OS launched, it's a pretty nice one.
Here's what's in the box: Cortana, which is now accessible from the lock screen, is more ubiquitous than ever. Extensions finally make Microsoft Edge usable. Windows Hello improves, Skype's reboot seems to be on the right track, and underneath it all are even more thoughtful tweaks that improve Windows 10's overall experience. The new Windows Ink is intriguing, if only partially baked. One or two features you may have expected aren't quite ready.
But if you're a Windows user still on the fence (even with the free upgrade deadline just days away!), the Anniversary Update won't sway you. This isn't Windows 8.1, Microsoft's apology for the sins of Windows 8. Some of the skeptics' biggest reservations about Windows 10, such as the demand for a Microsoft account, or the many and varied attempts to keep tabs on your activities, clearly are here to stay.
Think of the AU instead as a milestone in Windows 10's journey, a chance to polish some features and bring on a few others. We used all this as a foundation for our review score for the Anniversary Update, which we left unchanged from what we gave the original release.
Editor's note: This article was originally published on July 25, but was updated and republished on August 2 to coincide with the Anniversary Update's launch. Want to get it? Here's how.
One of the most anticipated features of the Anniversary Update has been “dark mode.”
Windows Hello—a key selling point
Microsoft's Anniversary Update was supposed to take the Windows Hello biometric authentication system a step further, finally delivering on the “Passport” promise of the original OS: Your face or fingerprint would serve as your password for the web as well as your PC. Microsoft executives tell me Hello will take on this new role once the FIDO 2.0 standard officially rolls out in a few months. For now, Hello is now used to authenticate you at the Windows Store.
Mark Hachman You'll soon have the option to secure purchases at the Windows Store with your face or fingerprint.
Microsoft's original Surface tablets used a depth camera to snap a 3D image of a user's face, identifying and logging them in. Now, Hello has become even more accessible, as more hardware makers adopt fingerprint readers. Both bits of hardware work exceptionally well—and if they don't, there's always a PIN or Microsoft password alternatives.
Now, Microsoft is pushing Hello beyond your login screen, and the first stop is the Windows Store. The AU code now uses Hello to buy apps, music, and more. What's the difference between tapping a button to approve a stored credit card, versus using your face? Not that much, though the transaction is authenticated via the hardware in your PC, providing an additional assurance that you are you.
I still think replacing passwords via biometrics is the future of shopping on the web, but restricting it to Store purchases helps ease users into this new technology. A lot is going to depend on which sites adopt Hello authentication, especially banking sites.
Mark Hachman More tablet makers are including fingerprint scanners, a more compact way of enabling Windows Hello. Here, a scanner nestles between the volume rockers of the Huawei Matebook.
Cortana: Eager to please, and with a better memory
If you believe that Microsoft is the devil in Redmond, gobbling up your data to pass along to advertisers (or worse), nothing about Cortana's latest features will change that. (But you'll be happy to know that the French government agrees with you.) That said, the Cortana digital assistant has steadily improved since the initial release of Windows 10. The Anniversary Update presents a Cortana that's more aware of you than ever, assuming you allow her access to your life.
(In the Anniversary Update, you can't turn Cortana off, though you can periodically wipe out her memory by erasing what she knows and by disabling Windows's 10 personalization features via the Privacy options in Settings.)
Mark Hachman You can't turn technically turn off Cortana in the Anniversary Update, but you can make her deaf, dumb and blind if that's what you want.
Cortana can now speak several languages, sniff your email for flight times and other pertinent data, and more. Two key additions make Cortana especially useful, however: Her hangout on your lock screen, and her ability to remind you of basically anything.
Mark Hachman With the Anniversary Update for Windows 10, you can view a simplified view of your calendar on your PC's lock screen.
This is a great trick: You can holler across the room—“Hey Cortana!”—and trigger a few actions on the lock screen, without needing to log in. Cortana can tell you your upcoming appointments, or even tell you a joke. One of the product managers responsible for Cortana told me that she likes to see her calendar on her screen across the room, and she's right—that sure is handy.
The other useful addition to Cortana's repertoire is that you can now set a “reminder” for a random fact: “Remember that my room number is 1443,” or “remember that my nephew likes Ghostbusters toys.” Later, when you need to, you can then ask “What is my room number?” or “Tell me the toys my nephew likes.”
The best summary of Cortana's capabilities lies within the Cortana Notebook, where you'll find all sorts of little tidbits: Do you want Cortana to know when you typically eat lunch, and schedule around it? To connect to your fitness tracker? To make restaurant recommendations? I fire off reminders to myself all the time, just by yelling at Cortana while tapping away at something. And you can send texts to Android and iOS phones, too, if you've installed the Cortana app.
Mark Hachman Cortana does ask for information from a variety of connected accounts, though they're off by default. In part, that's to help you plan out getting to and from meetings, say, via Uber.
Edge: extensions make the difference
Edge, Microsoft's integrated browser, was a glaring flaw in the original Windows 10 release: too spare, too slow. Even now, as Windows 10 boasts a decent 19.1 percent market share, Edge's share sits at just 5.1 percent. It still deserves mention here, though, because it's steadily and surprisingly improved over time (although no specific improvements are really recent enough to be part of the Anniversary Update). Edge now syncs data with the cloud, adds extensions, and even offers integration with Cortana.
Mark Hachman As long as you confirm your identity, Edge Favorites and passwords should now be exchanged among Windows 10 devices you have keyed to your account.
When Windows 10 debuted, neither Edge's Favorites nor its stored passwords easily synced with the cloud, which is especially frustrating when moving to a new PC. There were workarounds—I could store favorites in Chrome, install the browser, load the favorites, then export them to Edge—but that was a pain. Now, as long as you sync everything to your Microsoft account, all of that data should roam between devices. Just make sure to visit Settings > Accounts > Sync your settings and verify your identity.
Mark Hachman More than a dozen extensions add some long-awaited, and much-needed, extensibility to Microsoft's Edge browser.
The Anniversary Update code now contains support for extensions, a feature the original version of Edge notably lacked. At press time, 13 Edge extensions are available via the Microsoft Store, none of them fluff: AdBlock and AdBlock Plus, the LastPass free password manager, an Evernote Web clipper, and more. They're easy as pie to install: Simply go to the ellipsis menu at the upper right, scroll down to Extensions, and install them like any other app. (For more detail, check out PCWorld's guide to effectively using Microsoft Edge).
Whether you like the new Edge depends on whether you have an ad blocker installed. Without it, web browsing still remains choppy. With it turned on, though, Edge now is in the same league as other browsers, rendering webpages about a second slower than the competition. I still found Edge somewhat unstable, though, crashing on media-rich pages at such sites as CNN.com and SFGate.com even with ad blocking on. Fortunately, such crashes rebooted the tab, with no apparent ill effects to the other tabs. I just hope that the crashes can be chalked up to a bad ad, rather than an issue with the Edge code.
Mark Hachman The new Edge extensions sit in the upper right, and can be accessed via the ellipsis menu. Note that you can turn them on or off as you wish.
We all shop online, and Edge has added a few handy features. Edge is integrated with Cortana, so the digital assistant will return results using Bing and Edge, that she can't find herself. Better still, when you visit a shopping site like BestBuy.com, she'll offer you a coupon. (Check out the MacBook Air discount!)
Mark Hachman Visit a site like Target.com or BestBuy.com, and Cortana will offer a coupon to help you shop.
Right-click an image (of a dress, lawn mower, or whatever) and Cortana will pull up a sidebar with price and availability at various online locations. I'm not ready to call Edge a great browser, but it's risen to the level of acceptable.
Mark Hachman Microsoft Edge allows you to right-click an image and “ask Cortana” to find places where you might be able to buy the object in question.
Next: How seriously should we take Windows Ink?
Strangely enough, on his impressive official website, in which Mr. Hannity offers his views of nearly every topic discussed on his show, there isn't a single mention of his offer to be waterboarded for charity. Huh?
Not to worry, Sean! Kieth Olbermann and millions of YouTube viewers have your generous public offer recorded on digital videotape, just in case you forgot your offer. One does not make public offers of charity and then forget about the offer two days latter. We're here to remind you, Sean!
Could it be that Mr. Hannity is a phony who talks the big bad Republican talk, but when it's time to walk, Mr. Hannity is a really sissy boy who's afraid to get a little water in his face to raise thousands of dollars for the families of American GIs? Say it isn't so, Sean!
Rupert Murdoch will be pissed when he discovers he has a high profile employee that's a deadbeat on his public pledge to raise funds for a charity.
At least most liberals have the honesty to admit they wouldn't want to be subjected to waterboarding. But deep down inside all of us liberals secretly believe Hannity is a coward who'd probably go running home crying for his mommy before he's spend 1 second on a waterboard. This is Sean Hannity's golden opportunity to prove us wrong.
For the record author Christopher Hitchens spent a couple of seconds on a waterboard, before he begged for mercy. Mr. Hitchen's summary of his experience?.."If this isn't torture, then nothing is."
A few right wing blogs attempted to change the subject by making ad hominem attacks on Kieth Olberman instead of encouraging their hero to make good on his waterboarding offer and put that troll Olbermann in his place, by collecting $1 million dollars for charity from Olbermann. Here's an example of one right wing blogger's attempt to turn the tables on Olbermann by (strangely enough) accusing him of being the coward:
Mr. Olbermann, you are the Gary Coleman of the news industry small, once funny, and always looking for respect you don't deserve. Mr. Olbermann, if you had any journalistic guts, you would examine how much Nancy Pelosi knew. Of course, you comedy routine won't take a chance of hurting your only friends--the scum who call themselves Democrats. Something tells me Olbermann wouldn't pay up if Hannity took up his waterboarding challenge. Heck, Mr. Olbermann, I will do it to show Americans that this act is a joke and was used to save American lives. Would somone remind Mr. Olbermann, that it was under a Democratic administration in which the government started injected syphilis into black men at Tuskegee. I don't know Mr. Olbermann, there something much darker about the Tuskegee incident, but of course since it was under your party the experiments started, there must be something enlightening to you about them. Waterboarding radical Islamic terrorist isn't the even close to being dark considering Mr. Olbermann.
I've got to give the blogger credit for the Gary Coleman remark, it least he's a bit more clever that most of his conservative peers in the blogosphere. But then the blogger forgets the topic is Sean Hannity's waterboaring offer, and proceeds into the usual right-wing partisan trash talkin' about Nancy Pelosi and the "Democratic scum." For chrissake's, stay focused Mr. Right Wing Man!
Then Mr. Right-wing blogger insinuates that Olbermann isn't a man of his word and wouldn't pay up if Hannity made good on his own offer (not Olbermann's) of being waterboarded. Isn't he forgetting that it's Hannity that is proving to insincere by refusing to follow through on his commitment to a national audience of views to be waterboarded. The question of whether Hannity follows through on his waterboarding offer is irrelevant to Mr. Olbermann's generous pledge of $1000 a second for Hannity's waterboard telethon.
If Sean Hannity wanted prove Olbermann was a phony, he could follow through on his much anticipated waterboarding event and if Olbermann didn't pay up, Mr. Olbermann would be in the uncomfortable position of losing all credibility as a man of his word.
Then in his final coup de'grace the blogger constructs a tortured analogy to the Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment which has as little to do with Hannity's waterboarding offer, as the outcome of the 1986 World Series.
The conservative Hannity defender doesn't even speak the point of the argument at hand, because he never makes a single point relevant to the argument at hand, except that there's a remote possibility that Olbermann may be a deadbeat. In that case, the best thing Hannity could do to prove Olbermann is a deadbeat is to make good on his offer and then walk up to Kieth Olberman and say, "Pay up Mr. Bullshitter."
Mr. Hannity's right wing defenders are going to have to do a whole lot better than this blogger to get Hannity off the hook, because Olbermann going to be like a pit bull who won't let go of his grip on Hannity's leg until he proves that he's a man of his word or publicly admits he's a phony.
In his first moments addressing the media for the first time at a Television Critics Association press tour, CBS' new president of entertainment, Glenn Geller, made his commitment to reality television very clear:
“A little bit about who I am. I'm a big fan of reality, both as a viewer and a programmer. Survivor and Big Brother are appointment TV for me and my husband, and I have plans for more reality at CBS.”
When Geller was hired, he also called out both shows when he mentioned how much he loves reality television, but it is still significant that he led with this. The first two television shows he mentioned in his first appearance at TCA were reality TV, both of which go back to the start of the modern reality television era in 2000.
Fans of reality television, this is excellent news. Fans of Survivor and Big Brother, rejoice. (Fans of Amazing Race—well, I don't know. It didn't even occur to me until long after his session that he didn't mention TAR at all, and no one asked.)
Geller's enthusiasm as a fan of those two shows is a good sign for their future, but I also don't think this means CBS will suddenly let Big Brother and Survivor run wild. If anything, I hope that having a passionate fan of the shows as the head of the network means both will get positive attention and useful, creative feedback that will help them grow. In particular, Big Brother could use a push to take risks and try new things instead of remaining in its comfortable rut; Survivor could use some notes about reigning in certain elements (for example, its well-intentioned but increasingly overbearing host).
Hunted: “the next big reality hit”?
During the press conference, Geller also said that “reality often defines the brand of a network” and specified that was “certainly Survivor for us.”
Not insignificantly, the first show he bought in his new role at CBS was a new reality competition.
Geller talked briefly about that series, Hunted, which is not-unfamilar format CBS is importing from the UK's Channel 4. While it does not have an airdate and is currently casting teams of two, Geller was very confident about the show:
“I think we found the next big reality hit. I'm very excited about it. It was the first buy for me as the entertainment president. It's called Hunted. It is a straighttoseries order. It's based on a U.K. format that aired on Channel 4, and essentially it's teams of people, teams of two, regular people like you and me, and we go on the run, and we are being hunted by real-life professional law enforcement, and they are the hunters, and if we can outlast the hunters for 28 days, we get $100,000. What I love about this show is it essentially brings the procedural element that we've been showing our audiences every year through our procedurals into the reality space. It literally feels tailormade for CBS. And I gotta tell you: We screened the British pilot for the executives at CBS, and I've never seen a more animated conversation after the screening. There's something for everyone in it, and to me, that's exactly what great reality TV has: big appeal for kind of all audiences. And I can't wait to the get it on the air.”
How much like the UK show CBS version is remains to be seen, and it'll be curious to see how they work out the logistics considering this is at least similar to a format ABC couldn't figure out years ago. But it is definitely smart to connect it to the other kinds of shows that work well for the network. And even though it's an established format from the UK, it's also great to see a network taking a risk in this era of hesitancy, fear, and stagnation in reality television.
Hopefully, having a fan in charge of all entertainment at one of the big-four networks will help move the genre forward.
DALLAS (AP) — Hank Hunt's granddaughter tried calling 911 from the East Texas hotel room where she could hear her mother dying, just as she was taught to do in an emergency. She didn't know she had to dial 9 on the hotel phone first.
DALLAS (AP) — Hank Hunt's granddaughter tried calling 911 from the East Texas hotel room where she could hear her mother dying, just as she was taught to do in an emergency. She didn't know she had to dial 9 on the hotel phone first.
"Papa," Hunt remembers the 9-year-old telling him later. "I tried, but it wouldn't work."
Now Hunt has launched a national push to require hotels and other businesses to do away with dialing anything before calling 911. So far, an online petition for a federal law has gotten 390,000 signatures, and one 911 advocacy group says Hunt has hit on a perhaps under-documented issue.
"I never dreamed that it would take a life of its own like this," Hunt said this week. "There's been a lot of good people out there helping us."
Hunt's petition calls for "Kari's Law," in honor of his daughter, Kari Hunt Dunn, who was stabbed to death inside a Baymont Inn hotel, allegedly by her estranged husband. The law as described by the petition would require hotels and motels to upgrade to "Enhanced 911" systems that would let guests call for help just by dialing 911 and give the operator the caller's exact location.
‘Warcraft' Cast Revealed Posted on Wednesday, December 4th, 2013 by Peter Sciretta
Legendary and Universal Pictures have announced the cast of the big screen adaptation of Warcraft. Find out the details after the jump.
Universal Pictures has revealed they have closed deals with Ben Foster, Travis Fimmel, Paula Patton, Toby Kebbell, and Rob Kazinsky and are in final stages of negotiation with Dominic Cooper to star in Warcraft, based on Blizzard Entertainment's award-winning video game series.
Ben Foster's credits include: The Messenger, 3:10 To Yuma, Lone Survivor, Kill Your Darlings, X-Men: The Last Stand and the television series Six Feet Under and Flash Forward.
Travis Fimmel's stars in the television series Vikings.
Paula Patton has appeared in Baggage Claim, 2 Guns, Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol, Precious and Hitch.
Toby Kebbell's credits include The Councilor, The East, Wrath of the Titans, War Horse, The Sorcerer's Apprentice, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, RocknRolla and the upcoming Dawn of the Planet of the Apes.
Rob Kazinsky has appeared in HBO's True Blood, EastEnders as well as the movies Pacific Rim and Red Tails.
Dominic Cooper's credits include the Captain America movies, Dead Man Down, My Week with Marilyn, An Education and Mamma Mia!.
Other actors who were previously rumored for the film but not confirmed in the official press release: Colin Farrell, Paul Dano, Anton Yelchin and Anson Mount.
Other official information:
The script was written by Charles Leavitt and rewritten by Duncan Jones, and production is set to begin in Vancouver in January 2014.
Charles Roven, Thomas Tull, Jon Jashni and Alex Gartner will produce. Stuart Fenegan, Jillian Share, Brent O'Connor and Blizzard's Mike Morhaime and Paul Sams will serve as executive producers. Chris Metzen, Rob Pardo and Nick Carpenter from Blizzard will co-produce.
Legendary most recently released PACIFIC RIM directed by Guillermo del Toro, the Jackie Robinson biopic 42, and MAN OF STEEL with Warner Bros. In addition to WARCRAFT, highlights from Legendary's upcoming slate include the GODZILLA project, based on Toho Company's famed character; and 300: RISE OF AN EMPIRE.
Roven most recently produced THE DARK KNIGHT RISES and MAN OF STEEL as well as serving as a producer on the upcoming yet untitled Superman Batman Film. Atlas Entertainment will next release David O. Russell's AMERICAN HUSTLE, which just won the New York Film Critics Circle award for Best Picture, starring Christian Bale, Bradley Cooper, Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner, and Jennifer Lawrence.
Kristy Kirkup, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- One of the perceived front-runners in the Conservative leadership race is calling Sen. Lynn Beyak's comments about residential schools "unfortunate" -- but Kevin O'Leary is stopping short of saying he'd kick her out of caucus.
In a roundtable interview Thursday with The Canadian Press, O'Leary said he assumes Beyak is a good person, and that if he were the party's leader he would sit her down to discuss a situation he called "very embarrassing."
But the businessman and reality-TV star -- whose leadership campaign has been predicated, in part, on his reputation as an Ottawa outsider -- at first appeared to know little about Beyak or indeed the history of Canada's residential schools.
"I don't agree (with Beyak)," he said, eventually.
"There's nothing good about that situation. I can't change the past, I would never want that to happen again so we've got to look at that. Clearly, that comment was unfortunate."
It took O'Leary a while to get there, however.
Beyak has been making national headlines for weeks after a speech in the Senate that said some good had come out of the government-funded, church-operated schools, which operated from the 1870s to 1996 and subjected generations of indigenous children to sexual, physical and emotional abuse.
Indigenous leaders, fellow senators and selected MPs have been clamouring for her resignation ever since.
But the question initially appeared lost on O'Leary, who at one point even seemed to agree with the senator: "There probably are good people," he said.
When the question was rephrased, he seemed to confuse the issue with the long-standing debate about how best to finance First Nations education.
"That's the First Nations issue ... That is part of a much bigger dialogue than just the schools because what I hear from those leaders now is they want to participate in a full economic overhaul," he said.
"In other words, they don't want charity anymore, they want growth including their ability to have some control over their children's education and future."
Finally, upon further clarification, O'Leary said he would ask Beyak to apologize if he was in charge.
"Now I know what you are taking about," he said. "Look, that is really a shame and ... I'm going to make the assumption she's a good person, she didn't mean that."
Beyak has resisted repeated calls to resign or even to apologize for her remarks.
Earlier Thursday, NDP indigenous affairs critic Romeo Saganash -- a residential school survivor himself -- urged interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose to kick Beyak out of the Tory caucus.
Beyak's words and behaviour are juvenile, Saganash said in a letter to Ambrose, calling her "callous and unemotional" for refusing to apologize even though it's clear the comments caused outrage and hurt to an entire segment of the population.
"This arrogance makes her particularly incapable of performing the most basic duties of a senator," Saganash wrote. "Immediate action is required."
Ambrose, too, has stopped short of calling on Beyak to quit.
The senator's views do not reflect the Conservative position on residential schools and the interim leader finds her opinions "unexplainable," spokesman Jake Enwright said in a statement.
"Residential schools were a dark period in Canadian history," he said.
"Aboriginal children were taken from their families and these children lost their culture, language, and were often abused physically and sexually. It will take generations to heal the damage done to survivors of residential schools."
Ambrose rejects any rationalization that excuses this dark part of Canadian history, he added.
Himalayan News Service
Kathmandu, August 26
Low supply capacity against rising demand of electricity will affect Nepal Electricity Authority's plan to end load shedding in the dry season this year.
The power utility will face a deficit of 400 megawatts during peak time in the dry season as the demand for electricity is expected to hover at around 1,400 MW against supply capacity of around 1,000 MW in peak hours, according to NEA.
NEA had announced it would end load shedding across the country from mid-April this year as some programmes like energy efficiency, leakage control, increase in power import and completion of some generation projects were initiated eyeing the dry season. It had focused on both supply and demand side management to end load shedding. However, NEA's plan is unlikely to materialise.
NEA was planning to import around 260 MW from India during dry season through Dhalkebar-Muzaffarpur cross-border transmission line. However, it will not be able to import more power via this transmission line as work on Dhalkebar sub-station has been delayed and it will take six more months to be completed. The power utility can import only up to 160 MW through Dhalkebar-Muzaffarpur cross-border transmission line.
On the supply side, NEA had expected to complete some of its projects and projects initiated by independent power producers. Though the 30 MW Chameliya Hydropower Project and projects with capacity of 100 MW being developed by IPPs are expected to be completed before the dry season, the generation in dry season drops by one-third of the installed capacity as the water level goes down in the snow-fed rivers.
Likewise, NEA's plan to manage demand side through distribution of power-efficient LED bulbs has been stalled as its bulb procurement process has been drawn into a controversy.
NEA's plan to install 25 MW grid-solar before winter has also been affected as the Parliament's Public Accounts Committee has directed NEA to issue another tender citing irregularities in the contract awarding process.
According to NEA Managing Director Kulman Ghising, the power utility will be importing 400 MW this dry season. Along with completion of Kataiya-Kushaha and Raxaul-Parwanipur transmission lines, NEA can import additional 100 MW from India compared to the dry season last year, which will be instrumental in managing load during peak hours of the dry season.
According to Ghising, they are planning to cut industrial load during peak hours this dry season. “Load management will be similar as last year's, but we will not be able to end load-shedding,” he admitted.
NEA won't be able to supply power to industries during peak hours this dry season. According to Ghising, industrial load is 300 MW and NEA will have deficit of 100 MW despite the cut in industrial load.
A version of this article appears in print on August 27, 2017 of The Himalayan Times.
Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and Facebook
UPDATE Stream Beck's Morning Phase before its release; pre-order on itunes or vinyl.
___________________________________________________________________
“I had a few years where I thought that was probably it for me,” Beck told NME in December. “I mean, I'd always make music, but you have to be out there, waving a flag, saying, ‘Hey! Over here!‘” His doubts were worsened by a spine injury that occurred “when I was shooting a promotional clip which required me to be in a harness for two days. There was no training or preparation, it wasn't done properly, and I was left in it for much too long, which resulted in a lot of complications.” When he started playing guitar again “there was a lot of joy. It was a relief for me. I'd been looking at that guitar for years, wishing that I could pick it up, wanting to be able to play it again. So there was a lot of emotion when I finally did.”
From that recovery sprung numerous projects. “There's three to four albums, 80 per cent finished, and all pretty different,” Beck says in the February 2014 issue of Mojo. He's preparing a compilation of recordings of the tunes in his 2012 sheet-music-only Song Reader “album” and an as yet untitled LP is tentatively scheduled for next September (according to NME and various sources). Beck described the latter in recent interviews as “not of a piece” with Morning Phase, “I'm thinking more about the live show, which is more about energy. It's a lot more up.” “I haven't quite finished it. But I'd say it's finding its legs.” ““I do want to put out something that is a lot more up, and energetic, and melodic.” ““Some [tracks] are experimental and abrasive.” As for the Song Reader comp, “We have been working on that” Beck told Página/12 in November (and reiterated in the latest Rolling Stone's “In The Studio” section). Beck also revealed to Página/12 that this year he'll release more stand-alone vinyl singles like his three 2013 one-offs are, further confirmed in NME. But before any of that Beck is issuing Morning Phase on February 25th, “a companion piece of sorts to Beck's 2002 classic Sea Change,” according to October's album announcement.
Beck has played four songs from Morning Phase in concert (hear them all in the video above and click on the following titles to read the full lyrics via Beck mega-site whiskeyclone.net). “Unforgiven,” “Morning” and “Don't Let It Go” were debuted at his acoustic show in Santa Cruz, California on May 19, 2013. “Wave” was previewed at Beck's third Song Reader event, a full concert with the LA Philharmonic (conducted by David Campbell, Beck's dad) at LA's Walt Disney Concert Hall on November 24, 2013. (He has also played “Evil Thing” – a song debuted with Eddie Vedder singing back-up at a 2002 charity show, abandoned for eleven years, brought back last May for a second concert performance with a new bridge section, then included with edited lyrics on an early mix of Morning Phase released to the press, only to be removed for the official release out next month).
The first official preview of the album came January 17th in a YouTube video of the Morning Phase vinyl being cut with a segment of “Blue Moon” dubbed over the audio (linked in the tweet above). Starting today all Morning Phase pre-orders on iTunes or Direct will receive “Blue Moon” instantly. Also today “Blue Moon” can be purchased as the album's first digital single, or streamed on Spotify and in the below YouTube video (it will also be available February 11th on Girls: Volume 2 … Music From the HBO Original Series).
Below is a recap of everything else revealed so far about Morning Phase:
Beck on “Wave” Channeling His Back Pain
“I think that does tap back into that period…I don't know if I have any perspective on it other than: I sat down to write, and that came out. It's one of those things where… Well, maybe when you sit down with an intention to write something, but it's never exactly what comes out. And I don't think I have a choice in that matter! You can only hear a song like that… I just have to accept that is what came out, and it represents something.”
-Beck to Clash
The Musicians on Morning Phase
“Featuring many of the same musicians who played on [Sea Change] – Justin Meldal-Johnsen, Joey Waronker, Smokey Hormel, Roger Joseph Manning Jr., and Jason Falkner — Morning Phase harkens back to the stunning harmonies, song craft and staggering emotional impact of that record, while surging forward with infectious optimism.”
–October 2013 press release
Beck on “Morning Phase” Being a “Sea Change” Companion
“It was going back to the same place and seeing where we're all at, like those Seven Up! movies, where they go back and see those people every seven years.”
-Beck to David Fricke in Rolling Stone, November 2013
“I always intend records like this one or Sea Change to be simple, kind of raw. They end up being more expansive.”
-Beck in Rolling Stone “In The Studio,” January 2014
“I mean, it's from a slightly different perspective this time. If I think about this record, there are a few threads there; whereas ‘Sea Change' was more specifically about one thing (the breakdown of a long-term relationship). You know, you have periods in life where you're at different stages. You have periods where everything turns over, and afterwards you're in a new space, at a new point in your life, be that through choice or circumstance.”
-Beck to Clash
Who's Heard Morning Phase?
just snook into the @beck listening party. his new album sounds beautiful… — Corinne Bailey Rae (@CorinneBRae) November 26, 2013
David Fricke listened to Morning Phase prior his interview with Beck in Argentina last November – distinguishing him as the first member of the press to hear it. Shortly after that Capitol Records hosted a listening party in Studio A of their historic LA building to preview the record to about 100 insiders. That event – and thus the album – was described here and here. Select reviewers were offered a stream of the Morning Phase in December.
Beck on the LP Title and Writing a Dozen Morning Songs
“I noticed this word popping up over and over, subconsciously at first. When you're working on each song, you're so deep in it you can't see the forest through the trees. Then I realized, ‘Oh, these images, the light.' I went back and forth on that title, but it speaks to the songs and where they are coming from.”
-Beck in Rolling Stone “In The Studio”
“The album is called Morning Phase, but I suppose there is a double meaning there, ‘mourning'. When I'm trying to come up with a title that sums up a group of songs, honestly, I'm just looking for something that doesn't make me cringe – or doesn't make me cringe too much. These songs, they're personal, they're simple in that way. A lot of them reference the morning, or the mourning of something. And I kept thinking about this word ‘phase'. Those two words came together, and really it felt like the closest approximation of the sound I was going for. I wouldn't speak for these guys, but I think coming into this record we've gone through some personal changes and challenges. You can certainly hear it in the songs. I could feel it in the room.”
-Beck in Uncut “2014 Albums Previews”
What Took So Long?
“For long periods, stuff just didn't work – songs would sound too sentimental, or too middle of the road somehow. So I worked on them, relentlessly, and eventually something began to work about them. Some songs I gave up on, but it was really a matter of putting the time and patience into this record… A lot of my records were purposefully done in one take, out of tune, really rough around the edges. That was always intentional. It's not that I couldn't have spent time and worked on them, but… Over time, you come to appreciate songs that have that extra time taken on them…‘Mutations' we did in about 12 to 14 days. [Mutations' producer Nigel Godrick and Radiohead] spent two years on ‘Kid A', and you can hear that. That sounds like a record that took two years to make. Also those are brilliant songs, but that is a piece of work that a lot of time was spent developing, so the band could go deeper, and explore its sound. With ‘Mutations', I love the record, but it was more a case of throwing something down quick. It is what it is.”
-Beck to Clash
“We're at the point of about 6 years [since Modern Guilt]. I had spent long periods of time working on a certain record that was going in a certain direction and then it didn't feel quite right so I went to Nashville and tried to do a kind of country/ folk record and then I spent a long time working on a lot of kind of electronic things, things that were a little bit more abstract – less structured songs. Yeah, it is hard, and it's hard to know…what is really valid, what is necessary…Ultimately I ended up gravitating to this record 'cause I thought to do something very very simple and personal, and not really think about the production or the relevance of the songs…”
-Beck to Zane Lowe
The Album Art
The cover of Morning Phase is a distorted photo of Beck by Autumn de Wilde, previously published sans filters in the book Beck. The image to the right shows the original picture with the cover overlapped its bottom for comparison.
The full cover is below:
Beck on Recording in Nashville in 2005
“I recorded a bunch of things real quick. Then I thought, ‘I need to come back and try this again.”
–Beck to David Fricke in Rolling Stone
Beck on Returning to Nashville, to Record at Jack White's Third Man
“At the end of it, it wasn't quite there but I ended up keeping a few songs [for Morning Phase – “Waking Light,” “Blackbird Chain” and “Country Down”].
-Beck to David Fricke in Rolling Stone
“All my records have one or two stray songs that have been sitting around. It's whether it feels like the right time to go in and finish them. I was back in Nashville a couple of years ago, and did some more songs with Jack White. I've done a lot with Jack over the years, and I hope more of it will see the light of day. I could do a group of acoustic songs pretty regularly, but you have to wonder if there's an audience out there who are into it. I guess I felt like enough time had passed since Sea Change that it felt all right to go back.”
-Beck to Uncut
“I tried again in Nashville, and it became a much more country record, which wasn't right; I've tried making a country record before, but it must ring true, it can't just be a genre exercise. I decided to make a much more ‘up' record, but everyone I wanted to work with was busy for a year, so I kept a few songs and returned to [LA studio Ocean Way] with the musicians from Sea Change.”
-Beck to Mojo
Beck on California and Morning Phase
“I live in California and this records sounds like it. I could've brought the drum machines out, but I really wanted to avoid that.”
-Beck to NME
“I always remember the sound of those [West Coast] records [like Crosby, Stills, & Nash]. They were part of the culture when I was growing up. They're imprinted on me whether I like it or not. “I probably rejected it when I was starting out, trying to find my own identity. But myself and everyone else who played on this record, we all grew up here [California]. That music is unavoidably part of our make-up.”
-Beck to Q
Track Selection and Making The “Album”
“I think I've come from a place where my first contact with an audience was based on a song, rather than a record. I can't say how people are going to listen to ‘Morning Phase'… You know, I don't have a lot of delusions: there will be a couple of songs that a lot of people really like, and those are the songs that will appear at the shows. But when I'm working on the album, it's a matter of trying to come up with something that, whatever effect its creating, you don't break the spell, you know. Whether you're making a dance record, or an acoustic record…On this album, I spent a lot of time making sure the songs were different from each other.”
-Beck to Clash
The Tracklist
Side 1 1. “Cycle” 0:40 2. “Morning” 5:22 3. “Heart Is A Drum” 4:31 4. “Say Goodbye” 3:29 5. “Blue Moon” 4:00 6. “Unforgiven” 4:34 Side 2 7. “Wave” 3:45 8. “Don't Let It Go” 3:08 9. “Blackbird Chain” 4:26 10. “Phase” 1:12 11. “Turn Away” 3:05 12. “Country Down” 4:00 13. “Waking Light” 5:00
Pre-Release Scrapbook
Rolling Stone “In The Studio” – January 2014
Mojo “Preview 2014” – February 2014
Uncut “2014 Albums Previews” – February 2014
Chelsea Clinton Triggered Over Malia Obama Backlash – Twitter Responds
Social media was set ablaze after a video of Malia Obama smoking–we aren't sure what exactly, was posted to Twitter and Instagram.
Barstool News eventually deleted the video after massive backlash from triggered liberals trying to protect their Obama princess from criticism.
Malia Obama is a 19-year-old adult who is constantly caught on video partying, smoking (many believe to be marijuana), lifting up her skirt and showing her butt while she dances.
If she wants to be treated like a classy lady who attends Harvard, then perhaps she should stop acting like a fool.
Malia Obama is the daughter of a former U.S. president. She is a public figure and her actions going forward will be scrutinized.
Malia Obama is just like her daddy.
She loves to smoke and show off her rebellion by posting her antics to social media.
Malia Obama smoking that gas 🍃 💨 pic.twitter.com/55TLM1kBJs — ㅤㅤㅤ (@MaduTheExplorer) November 24, 2017
Chelsea Clinton was triggered after the public backlash against Malia Obama and tweeted, “Malia Obama's private life, as a young woman, a college student, a private citizen, should not be your clickbait. Be better.”
Malia Obama's private life, as a young woman, a college student, a private citizen, should not be your clickbait. Be better. — Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) November 24, 2017
No, Malia Obama is very much in the public eye and invites the attacks by posting classless videos to social media acting like a fool.
We all know Malia Obama would most likely have never been admitted to Harvard if her daddy wasn't president so spare us the ‘private citizen' lecture, Chelsea.
The media was vicious towards the Bush twins when they were in college. The Bush daughters were constantly in the tabloids with pictures of them partying and falling down suggesting they were wild girls with drinking problems.
Malia Obama will skate through the rest of her life simply because she's the daughter of a former president. Perhaps she should keep her classless antics off of social media if she wants to be taken seriously.
Twitter responded…
She's underage doing drugs. Just because her father was President it doesn't give her a free pass. — Mel 🇺🇸 (@ImJustAMel) November 24, 2017
Funny when prior presidents kids were picked on in media, but not obama's kids, horrible double standard, and racist. — Darren Gaskin (@kentuckyrunner) November 24, 2017
A private life flaunted on video is not private, your no princess and neither is she. Want to be private? then don't be stupid.
oh and how's Uncle Nazi these days ? Getting ready for 8×8 cell ? — Big$ (@texanadvocate) November 24, 2017
Then maybe she should choose another avenue besides social media to display her antics. — Mini Sue (@MiniSue0331) November 24, 2017
She's an adult posting videos of herself smoking who knows what. She chooses to make herself a target of criticism with her public posts acting like a classless fool. https://t.co/ZUNxBFwmuG — Cristina Laila (@cristinalaila1) November 24, 2017
UC Davis Pepper-Spraying: Police Chief Put On Leave, Chancellor Speaks
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas K. Fowler/AP Thomas K. Fowler/AP
One of the most-talked-about stories of the weekend — the pepper-spraying of Occupy protesters by University of California Davis campus police — continues to grab attention today.
The school announced this morning that the chief of the campus police department "has been placed on administrative leave pending a review" of the incident. It also said that the local district attorney has agreed to join the county sheriff in a review of what happened.
And university Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi, who came under fire for initially defending the officers' actions, is going to be much in the news today and tomorrow as she tries to tamp down the outrage at her school.
The Davis Enterprise reports that Katehi plans to meet with Occupy UC Davis protesters today at noon PT (3 p.m ET). This afternoon, she's due to speak with members of the school's faculty (some of whom have called for her resignation).
At 10 a.m. PT (1 p.m. ET), Katehi is due to discuss the pepper-spraying incident on KQED's Forum with Michael Krasny. The show is streamed here and we're hoping we'll be able to embed the recorded audio later today.
Tuesday, according to the Daily Enterprise, Katehi plans to "hold a student forum."
In case you're just catching up with this story, there was an Occupy demonstration on the Davis campus Friday. A small group of protesters sat down across a walkway and linked arms. Police ordered them to move. When the protesters refused, an officer shot pepper spray into their faces. Video of what happened has gone viral and been played and replayed over and over on cable news networks.
YouTube
Spokesmen for the police said the officers had been surrounded by other protesters and felt threatened. Critics say the officers' reaction was out of proportion. Two officers, as well as Chief Annette Spicuzza, have been put on administrative leave. A student-faculty-staff task force is investigating.
A second video, of Katehi walking past a silent group of protesters on Saturday, has also attracted hundreds of thousands of views.
YouTube
Update at 4:10 p.m. ET. Chancellor: Spraying Is 'Unacceptable,' 'Horrible':
In an interview with KQED, UC Davis Chancellor Katehi reiterated that she would not step down, but she called the spraying of students "unacceptable" and "horrible." She said the police were called to peacefully dismantle the Occupy encampment.
"They were not supposed to use force," said Katehi.
Here's audio of the interview:
Also, KQED's Ian Hill has used Storify to collect some of the student reaction to Katehi's comments.
Sen. Kelly Ayotte returned campaign donations from a for-profit college chain under investigation by the Justice Department. Sen. Marco Rubio took fire in the presidential primary because he asked regulators to go easy on a chain that later collapsed after a federal fraud investigation. And Hillary Clinton's been facing questions about her husband's $17.5 million payout as “honorary chancellor” for global for-profit Laureate Education.
For years, politicians from both parties have extolled the virtues of for-profit colleges, often after the education companies poured millions into campaign coffers, paid them to speak or put them on the payroll. The relationships often helped the industry escape deep regulatory scrutiny and thrive on a steady pipeline of federal student-aid funds.
Story Continued Below
But now, after the high-profile collapse of several big companies, mounting evidence that low-income students are being left with mountains of unpayable debt, and investigations of outrageous practices at some schools, the industry is facing a day of reckoning — and so are the politicians who've supported it.
At the top of the ticket, Clinton and Donald Trump are both defending their associations with for-profit education ventures. The issue is also tarnishing Senate GOP incumbents in key races who took money from or invested in the schools, whether or not those particular companies are embroiled in scandal.
“The whiff of scandal has become the same as scandal,” said Kevin Kinser, a Penn State University professor who studies for-profit education. “In very different races, in different parts of the country, these points are being raised without much ability to push back and say no, no, no, these are legitimate businesses that we're working with here.”
It's “telling in terms of how the perception of for-profits has taken such a big hit in the last few years,” Kinser said.
With help from lobbyists and friendly lawmakers, the for-profit industry boomed following the 2008 recession as students flooded into their schools in search of career training, enrolling more than 2.4 million students at its 2010 peak. But as reports of abuses mounted, the Obama administration and state attorneys general began cracking down on the industry, which relies mostly on federal student loans and Pell grants for revenue. Liberals such as Sens. Elizabeth Warren, Dick Durbin and Sherrod Brown also aggressively embraced it as a consumer-protection issue.
Federal and state officials have been going after the schools for overly aggressive recruiting, advertising falsified job-placement rates and luring students into high-interest private loans. The large Corinthian Colleges chain collapsed last year amid allegations of fraud and mismanagement. That was followed by last week's collapse of ITT Tech after the Education Department cut off its access to federal student aid for new students. Both had tens of thousands of students on campuses around the country.
The industry's growing problems are reverberating on the campaign trail.
It's now rare to see candidates openly advocate for the industry, as Mitt Romney did in 2012 when he encouraged students to attend for-profit colleges — including Full Sail University, which was run by a major donor to his campaign. This cycle, as the GOP struggles to hold onto control of the Senate, two of their most endangered incumbents are on the defensive about their ties to for-profit chains.
Ayotte on June 30 returned $8,000 in donations to Bridgepoint Education, a for-profit chain with about 50,000 students. The campaign of Ayotte's opponent, Gov. Maggie Hassan, has called Bridgepoint a “Trump-Style” university that “targets veterans, single parents and the elderly.”
Bridgepoint revealed nearly two weeks later that the Justice Department was investigating whether it violated a federal law capping the amount of funding that for-profit colleges are allowed to receive from the Education Department. And on Monday, the company agreed to pay an $8 million civil penalty, and discharge more than $23 million in student loans, to resolve the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's claims that it misleadingly marketed its private student loans to students.
"This is just another false attack from Hassan and her Washington allies. Our campaign returned these contributions as soon as we knew about the problems with this group,” said Liz Johnson, an Ayotte campaign spokeswoman.
Meanwhile, in the battleground state of Pennsylvania, Sen. Pat Toomey's small investment in and previous membership on the board of a now-defunct online education venture called Yorktown University barely garnered attention in his first race in 2010.
But this year, Toomey's Democratic opponent, Katie McGinty, held a media call with reporters to showcase his ties to it. Toomey's campaign has called his involvement “minimal.”
National Democrats say they expect in upcoming weeks to highlight the thousands of dollars in donations that Sens. Richard Burr, Rob Portman and Roy Blunt, too, got from the industry.
Campaigns for Portman and Blunt issued statements defending the senators' work on education. Blunt's campaign spokeswoman said he opposed an Obama administration rule setting standards for for-profit colleges because it was “set with zero input from Congress."
Jesse Hunt, a Burr spokesman, deflected any criticism of the senator's ties to for-profit colleges, saying in a statement that his Democratic challenger Deborah Ross "will do or say anything to avoid having to explain her dangerous record as the top lobbyist for the ACLU.”
It's not just Republicans taking heat. In California's Senate race featuring Attorney General Kamala Harris and Rep. Loretta Sanchez — two Democrats — the candidates attacked each other late last week for supporting for-profit ventures.
The issue has reached the top of the ticket.
Clinton has criticized for-profit schools and pledged to go further than the Obama administration in policing them. But she's also faced criticism for her husband's big payout from Laureate Education.
Several months after he joined Laureate's payroll in April 2010, an industry association paid Bill Clinton $175,000 to speak at its annual conference in Las Vegas. Clinton praised the industry during his remarks, according to a report at the time.
“Secretary Clinton has been consistent in her position that all for-profit institutions should be held to the same standards and she will crack down on law-breaking for-profits by expanding support for federal regulators to enforce laws against deceptive marketing, fraud and other illegal practices,” said Josh Schwerin, a Clinton campaign spokesman.
Meanwhile, Trump has been facing questions about Trump University. It wasn't actually a traditional for-profit college able to accept federal aid, but instead a real estate seminar venture that's now facing fraud lawsuits on both coasts. The slew of students who say they were victimized by the educational venture, though, has fueled lines of attack against Trump for much of the presidential campaign. Trump's lawyers are fighting to prevent the release of video depositions that the Republican presidential nominee gave in connection with the ongoing litigation.
Trump's campaign did not respond to requests for comment, but Trump has defended the venture. “The people that took the course all signed — most — many — many signed report cards saying it was fantastic, it was wonderful, it was beautiful,” he said earlier this year.
The scandals have also dampened lawmakers' advocacy for the industry in Washington. David Halperin, a lawyer and long-time critic of the industry, said champions for for-profits aren't as vocal as they used to be. He noted, for example, that when Rubio defended now-collapsed Corinthian Colleges in 2014, he supported it in a letter to the Education Department — not out front at a press conference.
Nonetheless, Rubio's critics dug out the letter and used it against him. Even a Breitbart headline crowed about Rubio's “own for-profit education scandal” in reference to the letter.
A spokesman for the association representing for-profit colleges, the Career Education Colleges and Universities, declined to comment for this story.
Viveca Novak, a spokeswoman for the Center for Responsive Politics, said even as the issue becomes more of a political liability, the colleges' need to peddle influence won't go away.
“They aren't going to stop being involved in Washington. In fact, I would be surprised if they didn't ramp up their operations a bit more,” Novak said.
Indeed, there are still high-profile advocates for the industry.
Sen. John McCain has long been a top recipient of campaign contributions from the University of Phoenix, the nation's largest for-profit college, which may soon be owned in part by a private investment firm with close ties to President Barack Obama. In an interview with POLITICO this summer, he blamed the administration's hard-charging regulatory approach for helping to drive down the company's stock price and contributing to its decision to sell.
“I know it was the attacks that drove the stock price down,” McCain said. “It's very clear.”
Meanwhlie, even after Ayotte returned its campaign contributions, Bridgepoint strengthened its Washington connections by hiring former GOP presidential candidate Bob Dole, a World War II veteran, to lobby on veterans' issues as the chain faces regulatory scrutiny over its ability to accept GI Bill funds.
In the past, for-profit chains have also hired powerful lobbyists like Lanny Davis, former counsel to Bill Clinton, and former Democratic Senate Majority Leader Dick Gephardt.
“They've always had a lot of resources to hire the most expensive lobbyists and law firms,” Halperin said.
PlayStation VR is a promising new contender on the scene, but all eyes are still on the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift when it comes to VR rivalries. One HTC figurehead doesn't think we should be looking at it that way, however.
Alvin Wang Graylin, China Regional President of Vive, made this point during his talk at last week's Vive developer conference in Hangzhou, China. As he later shared on his Twitter account, Graylin compared each of the three major headsets to electric cars to explain his reasoning. The Vive itself he compared to Tesla's Model X, describing them both as “Full-Featured” products for “Versatile Use”. The Rift, meanwhile, was likened to a Chevrolet Volt with its “Compact design” for “Home Use”.
As for PlayStation VR? It's a Toyota Prius: a “Modern Design” for “Younger Customers” that's “More Affordable” than its contemporaries.
Graylin also used the same comparison for mobile VR. An E-Motorbike is, in his mind “Versatile” and “Sexy” like Google's Daydream platform, while an E-Moped has “Limited Features” and is “Easy to Use” like Gear VR. An E-Scooter? That'd be Google Cardboard: “Affordable” VR that's “Low-Thrills” and “More of a Toy”.
Graylin later said: “my key point in slides is these vehicles don't compete w/ each other, they are all needed to serve diff segments.”
my key point in slides is these vehicles don't compete w/ each other, they are all needed to serve diff segments @UploadVR @htcvive #vr — Alvin Wang Graylin (@AGraylin) October 16, 2016
It's a noble thought, though it's tough to look at those slides and not feel like Oculus has come up a little short-changed. With the arrival of the Oculus Touch controllers in early December, the Rift and Vive will on pretty equal footing with both offering room-scale VR with position-tracked input, and Gear VR is very comparable with Daydream too.
Still, we can get behind a high-level executive stressing the importance of cooperation and not dominance in the VR space which, given the amount of money Oculus is spending on content at the moment, might not be a mutual feeling.
Tagged with: htc vive, VR headsets
PARIS (AP) — France sees a window of opportunity after Israel's elections to get the United States on board with a new push for Mideast peace, and is preparing a draft UN Security Council resolution in about 12 days, according to French diplomatic officials.
The draft would define the pre-1967 frontier as a reference point for border talks but allow room for exchanges of territory, designate Jerusalem as capital of both Israel and a Palestinian state and call for a fair solution for Palestinian refugees, one official told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
While the substance of the French draft may not differ much from past failed efforts to revive Mideast peace talks, France is hoping this time to avoid a US veto at the UN because of increasing American frustration with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The French official described a possible “backdoor” for negotiations now, and said “all actors including the Americans now realize that all other ways have been explored, without success.”
After Netanyahu's election win and tough campaign comments against Palestinian statehood, the White House said it would reevaluate the approach to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The French official praised the “pretty clear message sent by the Americans.”
France is hoping to be able to present a resolution proposal in about a dozen days, the official said. The resolution would aim at presenting a framework for negotiations toward resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Another French official said France is working with the US to gain backing for the new peace effort. France is also seeking support from European and Arab partners.
Neither official was authorized to be publicly named. They both declined to provide more details on the possible sticking points in the negotiations.
The weight of a Security Council resolution, which is legally binding, would add to international pressure on Israel.
Last year, the council rejected a Palestinian resolution demanding an end to Israeli occupation within three years. The US opposed that draft, saying Palestinian statehood can only be achieved through negotiations with Israel, not an imposed timetable.
Even if a new resolution were to avoid a US veto and win UN backing, its prospects are unclear. Israel remains opposed to returning to the 1967 borders, and insists that any peace process should include recognition of a Jewish state. France's proposal currently doesn't include mention of Israel as a Jewish state, one official said.
France's Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said last week France will move forward on discussions with its partners.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press.
SHOs issue notice after receiv­ing direct­ive from home depart­ment.
RAWALPINDI: A directive by the Punjab government to enhance security for minorities' places of worship has resulted in station house officers (SHOs) passing on the buck by issuing a long list of measures to be taken by the administrations of temples and churches.
After a recent directive issued by the home department for the security of minorities' places of worship, Christian and Hindu worshippers complained that no steps had been taken on ground. According to a story published on March 31, the home department had directed the police to tighten security in view of possible terrorist attacks.
According to a notice issued by various SHOs to temples and churches of the garrison city, the administrations have been asked to take nine steps for their protection. These include the installation of CCTV cameras, storing one month's footage, securing the place with barbed wire, eight-foot high boundary walls, setting up a police post on the roof, proper lighting and hiring security guards from a registered company which is verified by the police.
Entry gates and barriers should be installed as well, states the notice. Also, the police should be informed before the start of a ceremony so that they can make security arrangements. Representatives of minorities said provision of security is the responsibility of the Evacuee Trust Property Board (ETPB).
“ETPB is the guardian of all temples and it is their responsibility to provide funds for security requirements,” said Hindu-Sikh Social Welfare Council President Jag Mohan Arora. In 2010, we received the same notice and we informed the police as well as EPTB officials, but the latter paid no heed despite repeated requests and visits, he added. “We are in the habit of lamenting after a tragedy occurs but who cares.”
We cannot even arrange sufficient funds for religious ceremonies, how can we set aside such a huge sum to implement these steps? asked Ashok Chand.
Dr Samuel Titus, chairman Clergy Association of Pakistan and pastor St. Paul's Church, Rawalpindi, said security is provided to big churches only on special occasions. After a suicide attack on a church in Peshawar, the government allowed us to make our own arrangements but when we applied for arms licences, the government rejected the applications.
“We have urged the government to permit arms licences for churches,” he maintained. We are capable of protecting our worship places but the government should also take some initiative. It is impossible for a security guard to stop an attacker equipped with sophisticated weapons with a stick.
Rawalpindi Senior Superintendent of Police (Operations) Mian Maqbool said, “We have already taken steps to protect churches and temples.” On special occasions like Diwali or Christmas we provide foolproof security to them. “We even provided parking space which was protected.” At the same time, he brought up the issue of a shortage of police personnel, while speaking about enhanced security.
A delegation is expected to arrive for celebrating Besakhi from India on April 10 for which we have made arrangements, he added.
Published in The Express Tribune, April 5th, 2014.
Read full story
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said on Thursday the company was committed to helping U.S. congressional investigators publicly release Russia-backed political ads that ran during the 2016 U.S. election.
Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, L, and Vice President of global communications, marketing and public policy Elliot Schrage, R, on Capitol Hill after meeting with U.S. Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA) in Washington, U.S. October 12, 2017. REUTERS/James Lawler Duggan
“Things happened on our platform in this election that should not have happened,” Sandberg said in an interview in Washington with Axios news that was broadcast on its website. “We told Congress and the intelligence committees that when they are ready to release the ads, we are ready to help them.”
Axios asked Sandberg what the world's largest social network knew about the extent of Russia's use of its platform and if ads on Facebook that had been placed by Russian accounts and Donald Trump's presidential campaign had overlapped in terms of target audiences. She appeared to sidestep the questions and said only that targeting on Facebook was often very broad.
The interview was the first by a senior Facebook executive since the company disclosed last month that it had found some 3,000 politically divisive ads believed to have been bought by Russia before and after the presidential campaign. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia used cyber-enabled means in an attempt to help Trump win the White House, an allegation the Kremlin has denied.
Sandberg was in Washington for meetings with U.S. lawmakers.
Sandberg told the Congressional Black Caucus on Thursday that Facebook planned to add an African-American to its board of directors, a source familiar with the closed-door meeting said, but she offered no details. The board has been criticized for its lack of diversity.
She and two other Facebook executives, Erin Egan and Elliot Schrage, also met privately with Representative Jackie Speier, a California Democrat and member of the House Intelligence Committee.
Facebook and other major internet companies including Alphabet's Google (GOOGL.O) and Twitter (TWTR.N) are on the defensive as they try to limit fallout from a torrent of revelations about how Moscow sought to use their platforms to sow discord in the United States and influence the election.
Sandberg told Axios that Facebook began hearing rumors around Election Day last November of Russian attempts to use the platform to spread propaganda but did not give a precise timeline about when the company began its review.
Sandberg said she supported the public release of those ads, and the pages to which they were connected. Information about how the ads targeted specific types of users would also be released, she said.
Asked if Facebook contributed to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's defeat last year, Sandberg, an open Clinton supporter during the campaign, did not answer directly but said it was important the website was “free from abuse” during any election in any country.
Congressional committees and special counsel Robert Mueller are investigating Russian interference in the election, including whether there was any collusion between Trump associates and Moscow. Trump has denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and associates and Russia.
ANGRY, UPSET
Sandberg acknowledged that the company had erred in how it handled the issue of foreign interference last year.
“It's not just that we apologize. We're angry, we're upset. But what we really owe the American people is determination to do a better job of preventing foreign meddling,” she said.
“We don't want this kind of foreign interference” on Facebook, Sandberg said.
She said the company had been too permissive at times in terms of how advertisers were allowed to target users.
Sandberg said it was important to protect “free expression” on Facebook and that if the Russian ads had been bought by legitimate accounts instead of fraudulent ones, many would have been allowed to run on the site.
She criticized Twitter's decision this week to remove a campaign video from Republican Representative Marsha Blackburn, who is running for a U.S. Senate seat in Tennessee. Twitter took down the video, saying a remark Blackburn made about opposing abortion was inflammatory. Twitter later reversed its decision.
“In that ad, there are a lot of things that people don't like, that I don't like. ... But the question is, ‘Should divisive political or issue ads run?' Our answer is yes because when you cut off speech for one person you cut off speech for all people,” she said.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Sandberg said Facebook wanted other internet companies to work toward making ad purchases more transparent, and she said Facebook was talking with lawmakers who want to introduce legislation on the issue.
Representatives from Facebook, Google and Twitter are expected to testify about Russian influence at hearings before the Senate and House intelligence committees on Nov. 1.
Venom can turn a seemingly weak and tiny creature into a feared killer. But what, exactly, does it mean for an animal to be "venomous"? And which venomous species are the most deadly to humans? Here's what we know.
Poisonous ≠ Venomous
Though the two terms are often used interchangeably, "venom" is not the same thing as "poison." The difference between the two has to do with the mode of toxin delivery. Let's start with poisonous animals.
Advertisement
Poisons are absorbed through the skin or ingested. That is, a poisonous animal can only deliver its toxic chemicals to you if you eat it or touch it.
The poison dart frog — which actually isn't a single species, but a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae — is one of most poisonous animals in the world. One particularly deadly species is called the golden dart frog (Phyllobates terribilis). It has toxins so potent that as little as 2 micrograms of the stuff can supposedly kill an adult human. Interestingly, this group of amphibians isn't innately poisonous. If you take them out of their natural habitat, they lose their toxicity, because they actually generate their poison from the insects they eat (those insects, in turn, get their poisons from plants).
Advertisement
Another notable poisonous animal is the puffer fish (fugu). Considered a delicacy in Japan, this fish has organs laced with neurotoxins (chemicals that attack the nervous system) that can kill you. Of course, many other poisonous animals exist, including some birds, such as New Guinea's Pitohui birds.
Venomous animals, by contrast, have ways of injecting their toxins directly into another animal, such as by biting, stinging or stabbing. A recent review on the evolution of venoms states:
Venom can be broadly defined as "a secretion, produced in a specialised gland in one animal and delivered to a target animal through the infliction of a wound 'regardless of how tiny it could be,' which contains molecules that disrupt normal physiological or biochemical processes so as to facilitate feeding or defense by the producing animal."
Advertisement
The authors stress that venoms serve multiple functions in the animal kingdom, depending on the specific species. Venom is most often a foraging adaptation that helps animals — snakes, scorpions, spiders, centipedes, jellies and more —immobilize, digest or otherwise kill their prey. In other cases, venom is used for defense, as seen in some lizards, fish and insects.
The platypus, on the other hand, may have a unique use for its paralyzing venom: To assert dominance over rival males during the breeding season (only males produce the venom).
Advertisement
How Does Venom Kill?
So what exactly is venom made of? Back to the review from above:
Most animal venoms are highly complex cocktails of bioactive compounds. Venoms typically comprise a mixture of protein and peptides (commonly referred to as toxins), salts and organic components, such as amino acids and neurotransmitters. The proteinaceous components are usually the most abundant.
Advertisement
Generally, defensive venoms are very "streamlined" and primarily function to immediately bring about intense pain in a localized area (think: bee stings). Predatory venoms are complex and have a wide range of effects on the body.
In any case, venoms are often discussed in terms of the type of toxins they contain. These toxins can generally be placed into a couple of broad categories: neurotoxins and hemotoxins.
As mentioned above, neurotoxins attack cells throughout the nervous system, causing a number of issues, including paralysis, muscle spasms and respiratory arrest. Hemotoxins — a misnomer, really — damage the blood cells and organs. They can destroy red blood cells (which deliver oxygen throughout the body), cause inflammation, disrupt normal blood clotting and even spark organ failure.
Advertisement
Toxins can be broken down further into categories based on their specific targets, or the animals that produce them.
Cobra venom, for example, contains a cardiotoxin (attacks the heart) that messes with heart contractions, leading to cardiac arrest. Some snakes, particularly rattlesnakes, produce myotoxins that cause muscular necrosis, resulting in pain, convulsions and other symptoms. The venom of widow spiders (Latrodectus) contains α-Latrotoxin, which, among other things, interferes with the nerve signals that control muscles — the neurotoxin may cause tremors, nausea and elevated blood pressure.
Advertisement
Importantly, venoms can contain a number of different toxins and each toxin may affect several different systems in the body. For these reasons, experts have long argued that people get away from the habit of labeling venom based on a specific type of toxin. In the U.S., for example, rattlesnakes are sometimes said to have "hemotoxic venom"; however, the venom of the Mojave rattlesnake (Crotalus scutulatus) also contains a potent neurotoxin, Mojave toxin.
What's the Most Toxic Venom?
Determining which venomous species is the most deadly to humans isn't easy.
Physiological ecologist Marshall McCue dissected this question in a recent letter in the Journal of Venomous Animals and Toxins including Tropical Diseases. He notes that if you want to know which snake species is the most deadly to humans, you have to specify if you're asking which snake causes the most deaths or which snake is most likely to have a lethal bite — both questions have their own issues.
Advertisement
Human population density and social habits will naturally affect how many people a certain venomous species will kill, as will an animal's propensity to actually attack someone (some species are more aggressive than others). Additionally, the availability of emergency health care — and antivenom — will partially determine how likely a person will die from the venom.
To measure the toxicity of venom, scientists often rely on the Lethal Dose 50% (LD 50 ) test, which specifies the dose necessary to kill half of a test population. The test is administered to laboratory animals, such as mice, rats and guinea pigs, and the results are sometimes extrapolated to humans. But there may be inherent problems with this methodology.
These laboratory animals, which likely have been inbred for generations, are not necessarily representative of wild animals. What's more, there are physiological differences between the test animals and humans — what's deadly to the animals may not be as deadly to humans (and vice versa). A prime example of this is chocolate, which is toxic to dogs, parrots and other animals (they cannot metabolize the chemical theobromine), but is fine — and delicious — for humans. McCue adds:
The mode of venom administration (i.e., intravenous, subcutaneous, intramuscular, or intraperitoneal) has a tremendous influence on the toxic action of venoms, and minimum lethal dosages may need to be several hundred times greater when delivered subcutaneously than those administered intravenously. Therefore, any extrapolations from contrived laboratory situations must be interpreted with caution.
Advertisement
The Species With the Deadliest Bites
Despite the difficulties in ranking how dangerous venomous animals are to humans, various studies, reports and organizations have identified certain species that may be a step above the rest of their kind.
The inland taipan (Oxyuranus microlepidotus) is often reported to have the most deadly snake venom — made up of neurotoxins, procoagulants (that disrupt blood clotting) and myotoxins — in the world. The LD 50 (subcutaneous, mouse) of the Australian native is 0.025 mg/kg. This means that 0.025 milligrams of the venom for every kilogram body weight of a mouse causes the death of 50 percent of the test group (when administered subcutaneously). A single drop of the inland taipan's venom can supposedly kill 250,000 mice or 100 adult men, though human bites are quite rare given the snake's shyness (and, fortunately, an antivenom is available).
Advertisement
There are a few candidates for the title of the world's deadliest venomous spider. A 2009 study claims that the Australian “funnel-web” spiders (Atrax and Hadronyche) are the "spiders most dangerous for humans" — their venom causes local and systemic effects, including hypertension, arrhythmia, coma and death. The venom of male spiders — containing a neurotoxin that only affects primates — can kill a small child within 15 minutes, though there have been no reported deaths since the development of the antivenom in 1981.
The Guinness Book of World Records instead recognizes the Brazilian wandering spider (Phoneutria) as the most venomous spider — just 0.006 mg of the venom can kill a mouse, according to the records. (A 2002 study notes that the LD 50 of a female Phoneutria nigriventer with an egg sac is 0.63 mg/kg).
The venoms of scorpions are often harmless to humans, but some can actually kill us. Some experts consider the Indian Red Scorpion to be the most lethal of all scorpions. While not likely to kill healthy adults, the scorpions can prove deadly to children and the elderly — their venom consists of a potent toxin that causes pulmonary edema (fluid accumulation in the lungs). But according to Guinness, the most venomous scorpion is the Tunisian fat-tailed scorpion (Androctonus australis), which is reportedly responsible for 90 percent of deaths from scorpion stings in North Africa.
Advertisement
Surprisingly, octopuses can also be venomous. In fact, a 2009 study suggests that all octopuses are venomous. The tiny blue-ringed octopus (Hapalochlaena maculosa) is widely considered to be the most deadly of all octopuses, as its bite injects venom that can kill an adult human in minutes (and there is no antivenom). The cephalopod's tetrodotoxin, the same neurotoxin in fugu and poison dart frogs, causes paralysis and the cessation of breathing. But don't blame the octopus for its venom — blame the bacteria in its saliva.
Other animals of note: the stonefish (Synanceja horrida) is often regarded as the most dangerous venomous fish in the world, with spines that can cause various problems, including edema, respiratory distress and convulsions, which can ultimately kill a person within six hours. A number of cone snail species — Conus textile and C. geographus, in particular — shoot a venom-infused harpoon that can paralyze and kill people. And the Australian box jellyfish (Chironex fleckeri) is the most venomous marine animal, able to cause paralysis, cardiac arrest and even death within just a few minutes after stinging someone, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Advertisement
Be safe out there!
Top image via Angell Williams/Flickr. Inset images via Pam Fuller/USGS, INeedCoffee.com/Flickr, walknboston/Flickr.
Continuing our Asian street food adventures, on our first night in Luang Prabang The Hubby and I headed straight to the night market for dinner. We would visit again pretty much every night either to shop at the handicraft market, grab a fresh juice or beer and sometimes more food. The food section of the market was located on a side street past aisles of tents with souvenirs ranging from tea, to chopsticks to “Beerlao” t-shirts. Vendors grilled up fish and meats in the tight alleyway. On our first night, we walked the whole alley to get a sense of the offerings. We squeezed past food stalls jammed next to each other and communal tables filled with backpackers.
For many of the vendors, it was hard to tell when one ended and the next began. Charcoal grills were often shared and there were few seats to sit and eat. Most vendors sold iced beer, which was perfect with a grilled fish.
In general, I noticed 3 main types of vendors:
1. Grilled Meats – Ranging from fish to pork belly to sausages, the meat was often pre-cooked and finished up on the grill when ordered. I prefered the pork options (pork belly and sausage) to the fish. For the large fish, the meat was overcooked and for the smaller fish, there were a ton of bones.
2. Buffet Style – A selection of pre-cooked dishes were set up, including vegetables, fried rice, noodles and tofu. Priced by the plate ($5-$7/plate), diners piled their plates high with whatever they wanted for the low price. All of the contents was then warmed up in a hot wok. This was definitely the option with the best value and I liked the many vegetable dishes, but everything does get combined in the wok and our guide warned us that many vendors will sell the dishes over multiple nights until it sells out.
3. Hot Pot Noodles – Priced based on the number of ingredients chosen, we were given a basket to pick fresh vegetables, a choice of noodle and tofu/soy based products to be hot-potted in a broth. I really liked this type of stall, the ingredients were fresh and thoroughly cooked. Also, depending on the time of night, the broth used for boiling the vegetables grew in flavour and depth (just like hot pot!). This did mean that the bowls could get very spicy.
Apart from these types of vendors, there were also fresh fried dumplings, BBQ pork and sandwich stalls. To satisfy my sweet tooth, I also visited the crepe stalls and fresh fruit juice stands nightly. Compared to other night markets we visited during our Asian trip, the one in Luang Prabang was smaller and cozier, but with their own distinct foods.
One morning, our guide also took us through the morning market in town where farmers brought fresh fish and butchered livestock from that morning to sell. All the parts of an animal were displayed from cuts of meat to every innard, which was sold by weight. My favourite discovery at the morning market was kanom krok, coconut pudding, made fresh street side. A thin batter was poured into heated round molds, once the pudding began to firm up, two halves were flipped together to create a pudding sandwich. The texture was gooey but solid (aka like pudding), and the flavour was a creamy coconut. Despite how hot the snack was, right from the pan, and the glaring sun, I wolved these down quickly. Later in Bangkok, we were served kanom krok as part of dessert at Nahm, while more elegantly presented, I much prefered the ones I had from the street vendor.
The year flew by mostly because it was a very, very busy one.
Although the economy continues to face many challenges, the startup and tech industries are very much alive. The IPO window slightly opened up for companies like LinkedIn, Pandora, Groupon, Zynga, and Carbonite. We saw monster rounds of funding for companies like Facebook, Twitter, Dropbox. The appetite for seed and angel investing was extremely active. Tech incubators and accelerator programs kept popping up.
It was also a very busy year for hiring at startup companies, as you know, and it doesn't look like that will slow down in 2012. We've certainly seen opinions on both sides of the fence as to whether or not there is a tech bubble or 2012 will be another active year of investing. I'm an optimist and I believe the pace of investing will remain consistent. Yes, some companies will fail, of course, but others will scale and grow their teams at a steady clip.
Hiring the best of the best is an absolute must if you are going to build a successful company. You will need to be prepared to compete against big companies with deep pockets and other up-and-coming startups that also have blue chip investors and a game-changing idea.
So, what are the most competitive areas for talent these days? Here's a look:
Software Engineers and Web Developers
The demand for top-tier engineering talent sharply outweighs the supply in almost every market especially in San Francisco, New York, and Boston. This is a major, major pain point and problem that almost every company is facing, regardless of the technology "stack" their engineers are working on.
Creative Design and User Experience
After engineers, the biggest challenge for companies is finding high-quality creative design and user-experience talent. Since almost every company is trying to create a highly compelling user experience that keeps people engaged with their product, it is tough to find people who have this type of experience (especially with mobile devices including tablets) and a demonstrated track record of success.
Product Management
It is always helpful for an early-stage company to hire someone who has very relevant and specific experience in your industry. This is especially true for product management, since the person in this role will interface with customers and define the product strategy and use cases. However, be prepared, as it will be a challenge to find people with experience in these high-growth industries: consumer web, e-commerce, mobile, software as a service, and cloud computing.
Marketing
I'm not talking about old-school marketing communications. Companies are looking for expert online marketers who know how to create a buzz of inbound marketing or viral traffic through the web, social media, and content discovery. Writing a good press release just doesn't cut it anymore, as everyone is looking for the savvy online marketing professional who understands how the current state of the web operates and knows how to make it work to their benefit.
Analytics
Beautiful People and Bea utiful Events
Johan Eliasch - Millionaire Gone Green ♥♥♥♥♥♥
By Sister-initiate Raffaella D'Agostino,
London, United Kingdom (Originally in English)
It is not every day that a multi-millionaire spends his money to save the planet, instead of investing to make more money. Businessman Mr. Johan Eliasch did just that.
Mr. Eliasch has a long list of achievements under his belt, his main one being Chairman and CEO of the company Head, better known for its Tennis rackets and ski equipment. A banker and film producer, Mr. Eliasch also serves as a Treasurer and Special Advisor to the Shadow Foreign Secretary and is deputy chairman of the Conservative Foundation, in the UK, as well as being a member of the advisory board of the International Peace Foundation, the sports advisory board of the Shimon Peres Peace Foundation, and the advisory board of The Centre for Social Justice.
In March 2006, Mr. Eliasch purchased 400,000 acres of Amazon Rainforest from a wood logging company in Brazil. The land is estimated to have cost £8m pounds sterling (US $14m). His plot is located just north of the Madeira River and 1,600 miles (about 2,590km) northwest of Rio de Janeiro. His environmental beliefs and passion for saving the planet was the main reason for his purchase, saying: “The Amazon is the lung on the world”. Mr. Eliasch will also let scientists use his land to explore and search for undiscovered species.
On a recent interview with Chanel 4, Mr. Eliasch expressed his love for trees and how it is important to preserve them. He continued by saying that - “the Amazon produces 20% of oxygen for the planet, thus it is important to preserve the rainforest”. He encourages others to do the same, stating that the more people buy the forest the fewer trees would be cut down; he adds that - “the investment was good value as it does something good for the planet; the situation of the trees being cut down is just getting from bad to worse, the greenhouse gases and hurricane activities have a huge connection with the cutting of the rainforest, we must preserve the rainforest to avoid global disasters and distraction”.
Students at Huntington University in Indiana may be scratching their heads over a recent head lice outbreak. At least four on-campus dormitories have been infected.
Vice President of Student Life Ron Coffey told Fort Wayne's Journal Gazette that the outbreak likely originated from a group of students who returned from a mission trip to India at the end of January.
Head lice are tiny insects that can be found on the head and neck and can survive for up to 30 days. They spread easily by contact and are more common in close living conditions. Symptoms include intense itching of the scalp, red bumps on the head and neck and white specks or nits at the bottom of each hair.
University officials caught wind of the outbreak about a week ago and have begun to screen students who are at risk of infection, according to NewsChannel 15. The university did not provide specifics on the number of students infected, but said that the problem is under control.
The Huntingtonian reports that the school is providing students with lice-killing shampoo and remuneration for laundry in order to rid all clothing and bedding of infestation.
"I think most of these trolls are sellouts," Nesterenko says. "This is a category of people who I'm sure are paid some small amount of money, maybe $1,000 a month or less. But they're running legitimate blogs, they keep themselves busy. Sometimes they even publish something interesting. But when it's necessary, they also spread 'deza'"—shorthand for disinformation.
The Kremlin, which has waged a massive disinformation campaign aimed at legitimizing Russia's annexation of Crimea and support for separatists in eastern Ukraine, has employed so-called "troll armies" to invade online territories armed with pro-Moscow rhetoric.
A June article by Max Seddon of BuzzFeed reported the Kremlin was spending millions of dollars to pay English-speaking Russians to promote President Vladimir Putin and his policies in U.S. media like Fox News broadcasting and The Huffington Post and Politico news sites. Trolls are reportedly expected to manage multiple fake accounts and post on news articles 50 times a day, often with sentiments as simplistic as "Putin makes Obama look stupid and weak!"
In order to promote its narrative, the Kremlin has adopted a two-fisted strategy, unleashing its troll armies even as it tightens Internet restrictions at home. On August 1, Russia enacted controversial new legislation aimed at muzzling social media, the last bastion of the country's embattled opposition and a free flow of information about the war in Ukraine.
Anton Nosik, a popular Russian blogger and programmer who is sometimes referred to as the "father of the Russian Internet," says the Kremlin is falling back on a time-honored strategy in its propaganda war on Ukraine. But this time, he says, the stakes are higher than ever before. (BuzzFeed reports that at least one trolling company—Internet Research Agency in St. Petersburg—is expected to spend more than $10 million in 2014 alone.)
"Comments were already serving as a well-financed Kremlin instrument of war against the opposition, even five years ago," he says. "So what's going on now is nothing new. But what's absolutely clear is that now they're spending more money on Ukraine than they ever spent against Alexei Navalny, or Ekho Moskvy, Kommersant, Gazeta.ru"—Russian media actors who have been targeted by the Kremlin in the past—"and all the rest."
"Kristina Potupchik is probably kicking herself right now," he adds, referring to the blogger, now seemingly retired, who for years led trolling efforts by the pro-Kremlin youth group Nashi. "In her day, of course, there wasn't nearly the budget for Internet pollution as they have now."
Not everyone is impressed. Kevin Rothrock, who monitors the Russian net for the online news site Global Voices, says a torrent of pro-Kremlin trolls is unlikely to shift political sentiment in the United States, where rows over adoption, LGBT rights, and most recently Ukraine have left many Americans with a dim view of Russia.
Six noted that the economic rebound which begun in the second quarter of 2013 had already peaked, and that growth would now stabilize around the flatline.
"We will probably avoid a triple-dip recession, but it will be a near-miss," the Paris-based economist said.
Read MoreCentral banks: The new gold bugs?
Data on Friday showed the euro zone economy grew by a meagre 0.2 percent in the third quarter —just above the 0.1 percent forecast. Serious concerns about the region's economic health remain, particularly with regards to high unemployment and very low inflation.
Six said that unless the European Central Bank (ECB) initiated sovereign bond purchases, "the risk of recession is very considerable." The ECB has already announced plans to purchase covered bonds and asset-backed securities (ABS), but there are calls for the bank to go further and buy sovereign bonds, in the style of the U.S. Federal Reserve, the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan.
Hopes for so-called full-blown quantitative easing by the ECB were stoked by dovish words from ECB President Mario Draghi. On Monday, he reiterated the bank's commitment to using "additional unconventional instruments if needed," before explaining that these measures might entail the purchase of sovereign bonds.
Read MoreECB's Draghi: Buying sovereign bonds is an option
On Tuesday, Six said that his "base case" was for quantitative easing to start next year.
"We are moving into very dangerous territory, with the ECB's reputation on the line as it takes more and more risks… I hasten to add that this is probably necessary," he said.
Read MoreNo recession in 2015, but no growth either: BofA
On balance, he said that the euro zone was likely to avoid recession in 2015 and early 2016, boosted by the decline in oil prices, of which Europe is a net importer.
"Around 10 euros ($12.5) per full tank is being saved when we fill up our cars, thanks to falling oil prices," Six said.
That's right, The Luchazine 04 is right here, right now. Grab the high res PDF file here, or the lower res PDF here. Also, you can view an (almost perfect) embedded version of it below!
I AM REQUIRED TO WARN YOU, BY LAW:
The contents of The Luchazine 04 have been deemed hazardously sexy. A completely revamped art-style, cover art by TurboToaster, interviews/panel discussions with industry greats, as well as amazingly written content (unlike this sentence) are what await you in this issue. Certain brand-new features have also been implemented (go on, click on the article names in the Table of Contents, I dare you!) while some old ones have returned (stalk your favourite writers and artists by clicking on their names on the Contributors page). There are a bunch of obviously clickable items, but some hidden goodies too!
All in all, this issue of The Luchazine has brought about some major changes that we are extremely proud of. Let us know what you think, and how you feel about it all. Also, feel free to get your liking on via The Luchazine's Facebook page.
I'd like to give a huge shout-out to everybody involved in the making of this issue, and would like to thank the readers for their support as well. Anybody else interested in getting involved should keep their eyes peeled on this thread and the off topic forum for when we start recruiting again.
Finally, before I leave you alone, I'd like to point you in the general direction of The Luchacast #4. That's right, we have an “award-winning” podcast now. It has won awards you know.
We hope you thoroughly enjoy this issue and look forward to seeing your feedback!
P.S. We've noticed a strange glitch on the Letter from Above. Sometimes, the hyperlinked items are not clickable. If the PDF is acting up for you, you can find the two hyperlinked items here (Brian Wood Memorial Trust) and here (iTunes) respectively. Also, due to a disgusting mistake that got caught just now, the Defend Your Game article that appears in the issue is only the first draft. You can read the final version of it here. We apologize for this error and will ensure it doesn't happen again. Also, please note that buzz_clik is not included in the credits list because his awesome contributions came at the very last possible moment, and there was no time for the list to get edited.
Letters to the Editor Anti-300 mailer was sent to the wrong house
I just received my "Vote No on 300" mailer today. I am baffled by the claims it makes. The one that was the most ironic to me was "Facts are just collateral damage in the activist war on fracking." That people who are against fracking next to our homes and schools in Longmont are fueled by "passion for a cause" rather than by scientific evidence or facts. The truth is that the people who are pushing this dirty industry into our city are the ones distorting or ignoring the facts. Here are the facts that have fueled my passion. Water: The pro-frackers want us to believe that there has never been a single instance of water pollution from fracking. "Not one. And that's the truth." Apparently they're using second-grade logic, holding steadfast to this claim while looking us straight in the eye and hoping it will be enough to convince us. Information readily available to the public on the COGCC website would suggest otherwise. On Aug. 1, 2009, Mr. Norman Anderson filed a complaint with the COGCC alleging that his water well had been contaminated by fracking operations. Long story short, the state agreed and fined the Eddy Oil Co. $66,000 for its "contamination of the Laramie-Fox Hills Aquifer by produced gas." ( html'>http://cogcc.state.co.us/orders/orders/1v/349.html) The COGCC website also has a nice archive of spill/incident reports, an archive that shows that since 2009, more than 450 Spill/Release Reports have been sent to the COGCC from Weld County alone. And 46.3 percent of those spills contaminated groundwater. Again, this is on the COGCC website, http://cogcc.state.co.us. So, keep saying there has never been water pollution from fracking, oil and gas industry, but we know you're lying. Air: I am more concerned about air pollution than water pollution, even with the above evidence of water pollution. Fracking produces fugitive emissions of VOCs such as benzene, ethylbenzene, toluene, cyclopentane, propane and ethyne. A 2011 National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration study of the air quality in Erie, a town of 19,000 people, revealed higher levels of propane and ethyne in the air than in Pasadena, Calif. (essentially Los Angeles) and Houston, Texas. In January 2011, the COGCC requested emergency funding for explosive levels of methane seeping into residential homes from plugged and abandoned oil wells (COGCC website, Order No. 1E-10). And a recent study by the Colorado School of Public Health showed significantly increased acute and chronic health problems, including cancer, for those living within a half-mile of fracking sites. Colorado allows fracking to occur as close as 350 feet to our homes and schools. That's less than a tenth of a mile away. Back to water: Each frack job consumes up to 5 million gallons of water. There are currently 47,000 wells in Colorado, with a projection of 100,000 in the near future. And each well is fracked numerous times. That's a lot of water. Water that can never be returned to the water cycle. Water that is forever contaminated with chemicals, many of which are known carcinogens, neurotoxins and endocrine disruptors. I beg you to look up the effects of carcinogens, neurotoxins and endocrine disruptors on the human body. This water is sometimes shoved back down into the ground where we hope it won't seep. But many times it is left in open pits. Google "images for fracking wastewater" to see what is allowed in Colorado. Coloradans are often put on water restrictions, but the oil and gas companies are exempt from these restrictions. Here's another fun fact: The oil and gas industry is also exempt from virtually all federal laws put in place to protect our air and water, such as the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Planning and Community Right to Know Act. Thanks, Dick Cheney! More facts to consider: An article from the Center for Economic and Policy Research reveals that the claim of job creation is hugely misrepresented by the oil and gas industry. And up to 80 percent of the jobs are taken by out-of-state workers. Communities with fracking have experienced lower property values, increased crime, significantly damaged roads and sick residents. These are the facts that have fueled my passion for this cause. Sorry, boys, you just sent your "literature" to the wrong house! Join me in voting "yes" on Question 300 to protect Longmont! Lindsay Gahn is a Longmont resident.
ETOWAH COUNTY, Alabama -- Savannah Hardin, the 9-year-old girl who died Monday at Children's of Alabama, was forced to run for three straight hours after lying to her grandmother about eating a candy bar, a spokeswoman for the Etowah County sheriff's Office said.
It was that punishment that led to extreme dehydration and ultimately Savannah's death, authorities said.
Joyce Hardin Garrard, 46, and Jessica Mae Hardin, 27, were both charged with murder in connection to the death. Joyce Garrard is the child's grandmother and Jessica Hardin is her step-mother.
Social workers are at Carlisle Elementary School, where Savannah was a student, to help her classmates cope with the loss, said Etowah County schools superintendent Alan Cosby.
"They are doing as well as can be expected," Cosby said today.
Savannah's desk has been turned into a makeshift memorial where students can leave notes in remembrance of the girl, Cosby said. The notes will be collected and given to Savannah's father, he said.
It was fitting that a memorial service held Saturday for computer freedom activist Aaron Swartz, who killed himself on January 11 as he faced hacking charges, was open to all.
In a spacious meeting room in the heart of New York's East Village neighbourhood, friends, fellow activists and supporters of 26-year-old Swartz gathered to recount fond memories mixed with angry calls for justice and a continuation of the fights that Swartz dedicated his life to.
Swartz's girlfriend, Taren Stinebrickner-Kauffman, was firm in her belief that Swartz's death had been caused by a prosecution system that had threatened him with up to 30 years in jail for hacking an online collection of academic journals linked to MIT with the intent of releasing millions of research papers on to the internet.
She said the prospect of a trial had dominated their life together and that prosecutors in the case should be held accountable for a tragedy that has shocked the tech community worldwide. "He faced a deeply dysfunctional criminal justice system," she said, and blamed a recent delay as a final straw. "He was so scared, so desperate and so tormented, and more than anything else just so weary, he could not take it another day," she said.
Stinebrickner-Kauffmann asked the packed crowd of several hundred inside the famed Cooper Union building's Great Hall – a scene of major civil rights and anti-slavery speeches in the past – to fight on for internet freedom and win justice for Swartz. Her anger was matched by that of Roy Singham, a close collaborator with Swartz who founded the Freedom to Connect initiative.
In a fiery and emotional speech that earned a rousing standing ovation, Singham slammed the case against Swartz. "This was not suicide. It was murder by intimidation, bullying and torment," he said. "We must demand accountability for those who tormented Aaron." He cast Swartz as the latest in a long line of heroic activists trying to change a powerful and entrenched system. "He was, in my humble opinion, one of the true extraordinary revolutionaries that this country has produced," he said.
The actions that brought the case against Swartz were just part of a young life spent using his undoubted computer genius in the cause of internet freedom and trying to make as much information accessible to all as possible. He helped build the Reddit online community and had been an instrumental voice in defeating legislative efforts aimed at extending control over the internet.
But Swartz was also troubled by a long struggle with depressive moods. The US attorney for Massachusetts, Carmen Ortiz, who brought the case, has disputed claims that her office was too zealous. "This office's conduct was appropriate in bringing and handling this case. The career prosecutors handling this matter took on the difficult task of enforcing a law they had taken an oath to uphold, and did so reasonably," she said in a statement last week. It has also emerged that Swartz had been offered a plea bargain for a six-month sentence.
But during the moving memorial service, during which numerous speakers paid tribute to their friend and a video of a speech by Swartz was played, there was also a strong focus on the happy side of Swartz's life. Amid much laughter, a picture emerged of an intensely driven young man who had a playful side that won immense loyalty from friends and activists all over the world.
"Aaron would have loved to have been here," Stinebrickner-Kaufmann said. His longtime friend Ben Wikler paid tribute to Swartz's personality. "What I found incredible about Aaron was not only his dedication and his brilliance, but also how much fun he was," he said.
Another speaker, Holden Karnofksy, who heads the GiveWell charity industry group, remembered long walks through Brooklyn's streets with Swartz intensely debating everything from Victorian sexuality to the reliability of GDO figures.
But perhaps the most poignant vignette, especially in the wake of the outpouring of global emotion among hackers and internet professionals, came from journalist Quinn Norton, who had been a close confidant of Swartz's. It seemed to symbolise the link between his private and public lives. She described a camping trip in northern California in which the two had tried and failed to light a camp fire in the face of driving rain. But, upon later returning to the pile of wood they thought their sparks had failed to ignite, they discovered it had become a roaring blaze. Fighting back the tears, she described the scene. "It was strong enough to stay lit in the rain," she said.
55 years ago today, the United States tested a hydrogen bomb over Namu island, in the Bikini Atoll, Pacific Ocean. The 15 megaton bomb exploded at 15,000 feet, causing a four-mile fireball, 500 times brighter than the Sun.
It was the first airborne test of the hydrogen bomb—created in 1951 by Edward Teller and Stanisław Ulam—and yet another nuclear test of the long Bikini Atoll series. By then, another kind of atomic weapon was already being tested in beaches all around the world, one of the most fascinating pieces of garment ever devised by humankind: The bikini.
The origin of the bikini
It was in May 1946 when Louis Réard—a French car engineer who at the time was running his mom's lingerie shop in Paris—introduced two small pieces of clothing, advertising them as "the smallest bathing suit in the world." Simultaneously and unknowingly, fashion designer Jacques Heim was working on a similar design.
Réard named his invention the bikini because of the Bikini Atoll nuclear tests. He thought that everyone would be shocked by the risqué display of curves and belly buttons. He was right. During many years, the bikini caused more surprise than any of the nuclear tests conducted by the United States and the Soviet Union. The joke at the time was that that the "bikini" split the "atom", because it was introduced right after a tiny single-piece bathing suit called the Atome.
The bikini was so explosive that even American bathing suit queens disapproved, as the Los Angeles Times writes in 1949:
The bathing beauty queen-blond Bebe Shopp, 18, of Hopkins, Minn.-got an enthusiastic welcome in Paris, but she said she hasn't changed her mind about French swimsuits. ... 'I don't approve of Bikini suits for American girls,' Bebe told her French interviewers. 'The French girls can wear them if they want to, but I still don't approve of them on American girls.
Advertisement
Little she could imagine the tiny g-strings to be used only a decade later.
The real origin of the bikini
But while we should all rejoice for the invention of the bikini, the car engineer and the fashion designer were only rediscovering it. In fact, the two-piece bathing suit was already being used in the greco-roman world, back in the third century AD.
Advertisement
This mosaic—discovered in Villa Romana del Casale, Sicily—is good proof of that. Its thousands of colored tiles show women in bikini playing and exercising by the beach. Habemus Pamela Anderson.
This wasn't the only display of bikinis at the time. In Pompeii, archeologists discovered several statues of the goddess Venus wearing a bikini. And only six hundred years before this, the greek philosopher Democritus formulated his atomic theory of the cosmos, which explained that our world was made of tiny, invisible particles that were in constant motion.
Advertisement
Yet another confirmation that there's nothing new under the sun.
Desmond T. Doss Sr., 87, an Army medic on Okinawa during World War II who saved more than 75 wounded soldiers at great personal peril and became the first conscientious objector to the reception the Medal of Honor, died March 23 at his home in Piedmont, Ala. He had a respiratory ailment.
Mr. Doss was one of only two conscientious objectors to receive the Medal of Honor. Thomas W. Bennett, who was an Army corporal and medical aidman during the Vietnam War, also received the medal, according to Carol Cepregi, administrative assistant with the Congressional Medal of Honor Society. Bennett died while serving in Vietnam.
Alvin C. York, a World War I sergeant about whom a patriotic movie was made, applied for conscientious objector status but was turned down.
Mr. Doss grew up in the Seventh-day Adventist Church, whose tenets forbid bearing arms. However, when he was called to the draft, the lanky native Virginian declined a religious exemption that would have allowed him to continue working in a shipyard.
He served in the Army with the designation of conscientious objector, but he detested that phrase. He preferred "conscientious cooperator."
Still, he refused to learn to shoot a rifle.
"I felt like it was an honor to serve God and country," he told the Richmond Times-Dispatch in 1998. "I didn't want to be known as a draft dodger, but I sure didn't know what I was getting into."
Sent to the Pacific, he saw combat on Leyte and Guam. His actions between April 29 and May 21, 1945, near Urasoe on Okinawa, were cited when he received the Medal of Honor, the military's highest award for valor.
At the time, he was in the medical detachment of the 77th Infantry Division. A battalion of his comrades was fired on by the Japanese as its members scaled a 400-foot escarpment.
Refusing cover, Mr. Doss carried each of the 75 casualties one-by-one to the edge of the cliff and helped lower them by rope to safety.
He continued similar rescue missions over the following days, also tending to the wounded by administering plasma as mortar fire struck around him.
During a nighttime attack May 21 near Shuri, he received injuries from a grenade blast. Instead of risking the larger mission, he spent hours nursing his wounds. Seeing a soldier in worse condition nearby, he directed help to tend to that man first.
Still in range of enemy fire, he was hit and suffered a compound fracture in an arm.
"With magnificent fortitude he bound a rifle stock to his shattered arm as a splint and then crawled 300 yards over rough terrain to the aid station," his Medal of Honor citation read.
"Through his outstanding bravery and unflinching determination in the face of desperately dangerous conditions Pfc. Doss saved the lives of many soldiers," the citation continued. "His name became a symbol throughout the 77th Infantry Division for outstanding gallantry far above and beyond the call of duty."
In October 1945, then-Cpl. Doss received the medal from President Harry S. Truman during a White House ceremony.
At the time, Mr. Doss spoke of attending a trade school and becoming a florist. However, he developed tuberculosis and spent years in hospital wards undergoing treatment, including the removal of a lung.
Unable to work a full-time job, he spent considerable time talking about the war and working with Seventh-day Adventist scouting programs. He went deaf in the 1970s, which he attributed to strong antibiotics that fought the tuberculosis.
Desmond Thomas Doss Sr. was born in Lynchburg, Va., on Feb. 7, 1919. His father was a carpenter, and his mother worked in a shoe factory. For decades after the war, Mr. Doss lived in northwestern Georgia, near the Tennessee border.
He was the subject of a biography, Booton Herndon's "The Unlikeliest Hero" (1967), and a film documentary, "The Conscientious Objector" (2004), by Terry L. Benedict.
"I wasn't trying to be a hero," Mr. Doss told the Associated Press in 1987. "I was thinking about it from this standpoint -- in a house on fire and a mother has a child in that house, what prompts her to go in and get that child?
"Love," he said. "I loved my men, and they loved me. I don't consider myself a hero. I just couldn't give them up, just like a mother couldn't give up the child."
His wife of 49 years, Dorothy Schutte Doss, died in a 1991 car accident.
Survivors include his wife of 12 years, Frances Duman Doss of Piedmont; a son from his first marriage, Desmond Doss Jr. of Astoria, Ore.; three stepchildren; a brother; eight grandchildren; and five great-grandchildren.
DISGUSTING! #NeverTrumpers Now Openly Promoting Hillary Clinton and Democrats
How Disgusting!
It wasn't that long ago that the #NeverTrumpers pretended to be staunch conservatives too principled to support Republican record-setter Donald Trump.
Not anymore.
This week the #NeverTrumpers openly cheered Hillary Clinton and the Democrat-Socialist party.
Breitbart.com reported:
Looking for any reason to praise Hillary Clinton's prosaic acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention, progressives took delight in the Never Trump conservatives on Twitter who heaped praise on Clinton's patriotic happy talk in order to bash Donald Trump's populist/nationalist speech the week before.
Here are some of the tweets highlighted by Katherine Krueger at the far-left Talking Points Memo: John Podhoretz, son of Norman: Take about five paragraphs out of that Obama speech and it could have been a Reagan speech. Trust me. I know. — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) July 28, 2016 Former Cruz spokeswoman and National Enquirer's “alleged mistress number two”: I am sure hearing a lot more about God and faith at the DNC than the RNC. — Amanda Carpenter (@amandacarpenter) July 28, 2016 Michelle Fields' boyfriend: Now an immigrant medal of honor winner? If the goal is to reach independents and conservatives uneasy w/ Trump, well done Democrats — Jamie Weinstein (@Jamie_Weinstein) July 29, 2016 Never Trump leader Erick Erickson: For Republicans who are not social conservatives, I have to imagine last night and tonight at the DNC are having an impact on them. — Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) July 29, 2016
There's much more here.
Related… Democrats heckle reading of names of war dead at convention.
Laudable!
Let's take a look at some of the changes that arise from this, through a simple case study: making an international phone call to a relative.
Before abolishing time zones
I want to call my Uncle Steve in Melbourne. What time is it there?
Google tells me it is currently 4:25am there.
It's probably best not to call right now.
After abolishing time zones
I want to call my Uncle Steve in Melbourne. What time is it there?
It's 4:25am there, same as it is here, of course! Same as it is in New York, Bangalore and Hawaii, at the South Pole and on the Moon.
Well, hold on a second. First of all, we need to straighten out some terminology. The terms "a.m." and "p.m." (ante meridiem and post meridiem) are strongly deprecated now, because they refer to the position of the Sun, not of the clock. With time zones, these were roughly the same, but now the position of the clock is objective whereas the position of the Sun is subjective. In much of the world, they do not agree in the slightest. 12:00 is nowhere near the middle of the solar day, if it's even during the solar day. Likewise, 00:00 is nowhere near the middle of the solar night. Worse, in many places there is still a "7pm" (i.e. 7 in the afternoon), but it's at 07:00. Similarly, "7 in the morning" is at 19:00... but is followed by "8 in the afternoon", because the Sun passes its zenith at 19:30.
So, you have to say "solar noon" to refer to the instant when the Sun is at its zenith, and "twelve hundred hours" to refer to the instant when the clock reads 12:00. Similarly "solar midnight" and "zero hundred hours". And you have to use the twenty-four hour clock, it's the only way to be unambiguous.
So to rephrase: I want to call my Uncle Steve in Melbourne. What time is it there?
It is 04:25 ("four twenty-five") there, same as it is here.
Does that mean I can call him?
I don't know.
*
...Well, put it this way. I'm in the UK. He's in Australia. How far ahead of me is he?
He isn't. Not at all. Uncle Steve is zero hours ahead. Melbourne, Australia is on the same time zone, the same week day and the same calendar date as me, and the rest of the world. We have blissful disambiguation. We have eliminated time zones, daylight saving and the international date line.
I still don't know if I can call my uncle, though!
*
Alright, there must be a way to work this out. We can find out what hours Uncle Steve's office operates, add a few hours beforehand for breakfast, and a few more hours after that for evening activities. Then we can see whether 04:25 falls in that range.
Well, those ranges. I'm in the UK, and a typical "nine to five" office (hah, a bit of an anachronism there) now operates multiple ranges of times each day:
Monday 17:00 to 24:00 Tuesday 00:00 to 01:00, 17:00 to 24:00 Wednesday 00:00 to 01:00, 17:00 to 24:00 Thursday 00:00 to 01:00, 17:00 to 24:00 Friday 00:00 to 01:00, 17:00 to 24:00 Saturday 00:00 to 01:00 Sunday closed
Although, some people go home early on Saturday evening, because that's the start of the weekend. "Saturday evening" means around 01:00 in the UK at this time of year. (It can vary seasonally.) Some people even go home as early as 23:00, which is Friday evening. The second Friday evening, that is. There are two Friday evenings now. In this country, anyway.
In any case, you can see very easily (?) that if it's currently 04:25, then my office closed a few hours ago.
It's actually Saturday today, so in fact my office is closed for the weekend.
*
But there's another dangerous word: "today". You can't say "it's Saturday today" anymore. It's more correct to say that "it's Saturday right now". The term "today" usually means "the current solar day" but "Saturday" is no longer a "day" in that sense - it no longer corresponds unambiguously to a single solar day.
Instead, solar days are now formally given hybrid names, as in "it's Friday/Saturday today". And in fact, business hours here in the UK are typically documented in this much simpler form:
Monday/Tuesday 17:00 to 01:00 Tuesday/Wednesday 17:00 to 01:00 Wednesday/Thursday 17:00 to 01:00 Thursday/Friday 17:00 to 01:00 Friday/Saturday 17:00 to 01:00 Saturday/Sunday closed Sunday/Monday closed
As you can see, a "weekday" is Monday/Tuesday to Friday/Saturday. Again, this is not the case all over the world: some countries work on Sunday/Monday to Thursday/Friday. This means that it is not possibly to say universally whether Friday/Saturday is a "weekday". And other countries still are well-enough aligned with Standard Time that they get to retain conventional weekly timetables, which run from "Monday" to "Sunday". Lucky them!
(When does Monday/Tuesday roll over to Tuesday/Wednesday? Who knows?)
Interesting aside: Due to religious stipulations, some people take the second half of Friday/Saturday off, or the first half of Sunday/Monday. Some people, obeying other religious stipulations, now consider the Sabbath to be the entire solar day of Saturday/Sunday and its preceding solar night. It sort of varies. This is to say nothing of the religious stipulations which alter the meanings of the usual day names to refer to nonstandard periods of time - i.e., whole local solar days. It was all quite contentious for a while there.
Sunday trading laws look a bit weird now, too.
But anyway: we can find out Uncle Steve's working timetable and work forwards from that. Except that Uncle Steve's organisation doesn't have fixed working hours. Or maybe it does, but it doesn't publish them online. Or maybe I'm such a bad nephew that I don't even remember where Uncle Steve works. Wait, now I remember why I don't remember: he's retired.
Do normal humans publish "waking hours"? Not typically.
Hmm.
*
Okay, it looks like I'm going to have to do this the hard way. Is the Sun up in Melbourne?
Let me find a webcam somewhere in that city.
...Looks like it's daylight, but I can't see the Sun itself from this angle, and even if I could I don't know if I could tell whether it was rising or setting. But if it's daylight, doesn't that mean Uncle Steve will be awake?
Well, not necessarily. Where I am, in the UK, the Sun set hours ago. But it's northern hemisphere winter here, and the days are short. Just because the Sun is down doingn't imply that I'm asleep, and conversely just because the Sun is up in the southern hemisphere summer doesn't mean Uncle Steve will be awake.
I guess I can conclude that the Sun is rising there. That means it's the morning, so he's likely either awake or soon to wake up. But what time in the morning is it? (04:25! We've been over this!) But how many hours ahead is he? (Zero!)
*
Erm... Let's assume a typical human being is awake for approximately 16 hours per day - 14 for safety - and that this period of time is centred on local solar noon for convenience purposes. What time is solar noon in Melbourne today? I'll take that time, subtract half a day (7 hours) and assume that that's the time Uncle Steve typically gets up in the morning.
So, we know that solar noon along our new prime meridian is 12:00 by definition, or at least kept within one second of it through the periodic introduction of leap seconds. And the prime meridian, as we all know from history, is now at 120° east, running slightly east of Beijing, China.
Oh, where did you think it was going to be? Somewhere convenient for you?
One of the stronger reasons for adopting a new time zone is to more easily do business with a neighbouring territory which already uses that time zone. China, a gigantic country spanning some sixty degrees of longitude (and therefore, nominally, four whole "hours") has been unified on a single time zone since 1949. And it was already the largest single time zone in the world by population.
So, this phenomenon has now spread globally. Everybody wants to do business with China and her allies - everybody is China's ally. Everybody is on China Standard Time, UTC+08:00.
So the prime meridian is at 120° east. Meanwhile, according to Wikipedia, Melbourne is at longitude 144° 57' 47" east. That puts Melbourne 24° 57' 47" further east than the prime meridan. Assuming the solar day is precisely 24 hours, and my arithmetic is correct, that means Melbourne experiences solar noon 1 hour 39 minutes 51 seconds earlier than the prime meridian, at 10:20:09. So, Uncle Steve's diurnal routine probably involves getting up around 03:20 and going to sleep around 17:20. (Dang, I bet the Australians still get to use regular days like "Thursday". I'm envious.)
It's 04:25 now - he's definitely up. I'm calling him.
It's ringing.
It's been ringing for a while...
*
"Who is this?"
"Hello Uncle Steve!"
"Do you have any idea what time it is?" Uncle Steve asks, sounding as if he is still asleep.
"Of course I do, and so do you! It's 04:25 on Saturday... everywhere." I add a dramatic emphasis to the last word.
"But do you know what 04:25 on Saturday signifies in Melbourne?"
"Breakfast time?"
I can actually hear him rubbing his eyes.
"We don't centre our waking/sleeping cycle on solar noon, fool nephew," Uncle Steve explains. "We centre the school day on solar noon. In countries above and below certain latitudes, where seasonal variation in the amount of daylight is significant, it's important for there to be the maximum amount of light when children are going to school in the morning, and coming home from school in the afternoon. Here in Melbourne, solar noon is about 10:30 Standard Time, so the average school day is timetabled from 07:00 to 14:00, and a typical working day runs from about 07:00 to 15:00. That means that on a working day, I get up at 05:00, at the earliest."
"Ooogh. Sorry. That's about two hours later than I reckoned," I tell him.
"I know," he replies.
"I didn't know you did that in Australia," I say. "That deliberate misalignment of the diurnal routine. Does every country do it?"
"No. Equatorial countries don't, because they get plenty of light all year round. Temperate countries do, though. The technical term for it is 'daylight saving'."
I blink.
"And 05:00 is when I get up on a working day," Uncle Steve continues. "On Saturdays, I like to lie in. Until solar noon, if possible. That's more than five hours from now."
I'm beaten. "I guess I have no idea what 04:25 on Saturday signifies. It used to be pretty universal, but now where I live it signifies a time to go out and get drunk..."
"And where I live," Uncle Steve says, "it signifies a hangover."
"The same time of day on the same day of the week means many different things to different people all over the world," I say. "Too many to remember them all."
"Yeah," Uncle Steve grumbles. "It would be neat if there was a lookup table for that kind of thing."
In summary
Abolishing time zones brings many benefits, I hope. It also:
causes the question "What time is it there?" to be useless/unanswerable
necessitates significant changes to the way in which normal people talk about time
convolutes timetables, where present
means "days" are no longer the same as "days"
complicates both secular and religious law
is a staggering inconvenience for a minimum of five billion people
makes it near-impossible to reason about time in other parts of the world
does not mean everybody gets up at the same time, goes to work at the same time, or goes to bed at the same time
is not simpler.
As long as humans live in more than one part of the world, solar time is always going to be subjective. Abolishing time zones only exacerbates this problem.
Other objections not mentioned above:
We already do have a global standard time zone, and everybody who cares already uses it: UTC. There are also more accurate time standards in use for more specialist purposes.
There already exists an extremely well-maintained, public database of every time zone in every world territory going back to 1970 and some distance beyond, called zoneinfo. Zoneinfo can be used to answer questions such as "If a person says they live in Angola, how should their computer's clock be set?", "If it's 20:35 in Djibouti, what time is it in St. Kitts and Nevis, and for that matter is it the same calendar day there?" and "When does the U.S. observe daylight saving?"
Even in the best case scenario, it is impossible to retroactively scrap time zones. The past will always exist, and the people who lived there will never adopt your new standard. Nor can all past history be renumbered. The history of timekeeping will remain exactly as complicated as it always has been, and the zoneinfo database can never be abandoned.
In fact, altering the global distribution of time zones yet again - even to scrap them - only serves to make the zoneinfo database larger and makes the past more complicated. Now you need to record when every territory switched over to the new global Standard Time. What if they don't all make the switch simultaneously, but at a convenient local time in the middle of the local night?
No matter what the law says, people will continue "unofficially" using their own local time for most purposes, maintaining two clocks in parallel if need be. This already happens in western China, and can only increase ambiguity. (I guess you'd call that "civil time disobedience"?)
*
If it's any consolation, all of this is extremely unlikely to happen, since it relies on an international agreement between every single nation in the world. Or on China attacking and conquering the entire world and installing China Standard Time as part of a totalitarian regime, which is slightly less unlikely but still very unlikely.
New Hartford, New York (CNN) The fatal beating of Lucas Leonard in the sanctuary of Word of Life Christian Church came after the teenager had "expressed a desire to leave" the secretive upstate New York church, New Hartford Police Chief Michael Inserra said Friday.
That wish, according to Inserra, apparently prompted a counseling session on the spiritual state of Lucas and his younger brother, Christopher. During the sessions, the teens were beaten with a cord and Lucas Leonard suffered injuries so severe that emergency room doctors thought he had been shot, Inserra said.
On the day their parents, Bruce T. Leonard, 65, and Deborah R. Leonard, 59, appeared in court on charges of first-degree manslaughter -- a Class B felony -- authorities disclosed a possible motive for a crime that has shaken a tiny village about 250 miles north of New York City. Four other church members were charged with second-degree assault, also a felony.
Judge William Virkler ruled the cases will go to the grand jury. The Leonards will remain in custody until the grand jury can hear evidence, and bail is $100,000 for each defendant.
Oneida County District Attorney Scott McNamara expects that by the time the case is presented to the grand jury there will be additional charges and more people charged as well.
A witness at a probable because hearing told a judge the counseling session lasted 14 hours, beginning Sunday night and ending Monday morning. Daniel Irwin, who lives in the church, said the session ended when people thought Lucas had died.
A violent turn
Inserra told reporters the purpose for the counseling session was a key part of the investigation.
"The victim expressed a desire to leave the church and this is what may have initiated the session. We still have not concluded why the session turned so violent," he said.
Family members took Lucas, 19, by car Monday afternoon to a hospital in Utica, where he was pronounced dead.
His 17-year-old brother was hospitalized in serious condition after suffering blunt-force trauma injuries during the same church session, police said. It's unclear why Christopher Leonard was beaten.
The younger brother, who had to be drawn out by authorities from a hiding area in the church, is alert and cooperating, Inserra said.
The assaults occurred after a Sunday night service at the church. The so-called counseling session turned violent for some reason and the teens were repeatedly beaten through the night, according to the police chief.
Lucas was taken to the hospital after church members found he wasn't breathing, police said. At the hospital, Bruce Leonard accused the victim of molesting children as a possible justification for his injuries -- an allegation that Inserra said is unfounded.
Photos: Church members arrested after teen's death Photos: Church members arrested after teen's death Six members of the Word of Life Christian Church in New Hartford, New York, have been arrested after the 19-year-old son of two of the suspects died from blunt force trauma injuries, police announced on Tuesday, October 13. Investigators determined that Lucas Leonard, 19, was beaten at the church, police said. Pictured here is Leonard's father, Bruce Leonard. He and Deborah Leonard have been charged with one count of first-degree manslaughter. Hide Caption 1 of 6 Photos: Church members arrested after teen's death Deborah Leonard Hide Caption 2 of 6 Photos: Church members arrested after teen's death Joseph Irwin was one of four church members charged with second-degree assault. Hide Caption 3 of 6 Photos: Church members arrested after teen's death Sarah Ferguson was charged with second-degree assault. Hide Caption 4 of 6 Photos: Church members arrested after teen's death David Morey was charged with second-degree assault. Hide Caption 5 of 6 Photos: Church members arrested after teen's death Linda Morey was charged with second-degree assault. Hide Caption 6 of 6
After the assaults, seven children at the church were turned over to local child welfare authorities.
"These children were interviewed at length ... and they were examined by medical professionals," Inserra said. "There's absolutely no indication of any sexual abuse to any of these children."
Inserra said, "There is no evidence these brothers did anything. They are, at this point, true victims."
An autopsy showed Lucas suffered multiple contusions from blunt-force trauma to the torso and extremities, authorities said. A combination of the injuries plus the duration of assault contributed to his death. The beatings included blows to the genital area of the teens.
Inserra said doctors took an injury to Lucas' groin area to be "a gunshot wound, an entry wound."
Witness testimony
Irwin told the judge the counseling session took place after Sunday's service, which was attended by about 30 people.
Irwin said he saw Bruce Leonard strike Lucas repeatedly in the back with what he thought was a belt. Christopher also was struck in the back.
Irwin said he left the sanctuary and decided to move five young children from another room after hearing a loud voice from the session.
When the session ended at about 10 a.m. Monday Irwin's brother, who also is a defendant, came to him in a panic, he said.
Daniel Irwin said he overheard someone say, "Lucas is dead."
Irwin went to the sanctuary of the former school and saw Lucas on the floor. Irwin's mother was performing CPR on the teen, he said. Lucas' brother, Christopher, was hysterical, Irwin said.
The witness told the court that he had earlier seen Lucas on the floor, alert but "rolling around making a sustained monotone noise."
Another witness, State Police Sgt. Todd Grant, said Bruce Leonard made admissions about what happened to his son and agreed to write a statement. The interrogation was videotaped. At no point did Bruce Leonard ask about his son, Irwin says.
Later, the sergeant said, Deborah Leonard said she had struck Lucas with a cord. When Grant removed a cord from the back of a computer and asked her to demonstrate how she hit him, the investigator said, Deborah Leonard struck a table violently.
JUST WATCHED Teen dies in N.Y. church assault Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Teen dies in N.Y. church assault 02:29
Don Gerace, attorney for Bruce Leonard, has entered a not-guilty plea on behalf of his client, whom he said has no criminal history and has lived in the community more than two decades. Leonard has been a church member for eight years.
"In the state of New York he is charged with manslaughter in the first degree, which requires intent to cause serious bodily injury and I do not believe there was any intent," Gerace said this week.
Deborah Leonard's attorney, Devin Garramone, said his client had a stent put in due to a heart condition and requires constant medical attention.
"I cannot imagine my client had anything to do with these injuries, especially in the condition she is in," he said.
Bail for the other four church members was set Wednesday at $50,000 each.
Inserra identified them as as Joseph Irwin, David Morey, Linda Morey and Sarah Ferguson, a stepsister of the victims and mother of four of the children in the care of child welfare authorities.
Virkler granted prosecutors until October 23 to present evidence in the cases of Joseph Irwin and Sarah Ferguson because Christopher Leonard is still in the hospital.
Assistant District Attorney Dawn Lupi said there is "strong possibility" Irwin and Ferguson will face more serious charges. Inserra said investigators will consult prosecutors about the possibility of additional arrests or charges.
A former Word of Life church member, who asked not to be identified, said she was a babysitter for the teenage brothers and was shocked by the beatings.
The church, which began in 1984, has about five families, or about 35 members, including children, according to the former member. She described the congregation as a "makeshift family" that had been together for 25 years.
"We weren't originally isolated from the community," she said.
Over time, there was friction between the church and a neighboring community, she said.
"We put up the hedges," she said.
"Then the neighbors got angry because they couldn't see what's going on anymore."
But the ex-member denied reports the church is a cult.
"I realize this situation makes it look like this," she said, "but if you listen to the teachings, they are accurate to the Bible."
Responding to a reporter's question, Inserra said he had no information about whether the group is a cult.
Inserra said police had been called to the church on a handful of occasions after church member complaints about noise and disorderly conduct.
The Utica School District has employed Bruce Leonard as a teaching assistant since 2007, Proctor High School Principal Steven Falchi told CNN. He has been at Proctor High School in Utica since 2010, Falchi said.
Leonard works with a certified teacher and other teaching assistants in the special education department, Falchi said. He works with "severely and profoundly disabled students," Falchi said.
"We were very shocked to learn the news," said Falchi, adding he was not aware of previous complaints or disciplinary action against Leonard. "He was a hard worker and was exceptionally compassionate about his work with our students. It came as quite a shock."
Lucas Leonard and his younger brother were home-schooled, according to Ronald Wheelock, superintendent for Sauquoit Valley Central School District.
The school district's involvement with the teens was limited, with the parents sending the district curriculum proposals at the beginning of the year, Wheelock said.
A day after his 46th birthday, Rahul Gandhi had announced that he is going abroad on a short visit. (File photo)
A Madhya Pradesh BJP leader today announced a 'reward' of Rs 1 lakh for providing information about Congress Vice President, who has left for a short visit abroad.Madhya Pradesh BJP spokesperson Vijendra Singh Sisodia announced the reward by issuing a statement with a title "Rahul ka pata batao, ek lakh rupya pao" (Tell Rahul's address and get Rs 1 lakh).Mr Sisodia, who is also the Chairman of the Madhya Pradesh Urja Vikas Nigam, said "I will give Rs 1 lakh from my own pocket to anyone who finds out the address of Rahul Gandhi who has gone abroad.""Few months' back also Rahul Gandhi went abroad and that time Congressmen were saying that he has gone for a brainstorming session and will come back from there energised. However, later it turned out that Rahul had gone to Thailand, Malaysia, Bangkok and Singapore," the BJP leader said."Now Congressmen believe that his energy levels are running low and hence he went (abroad) again to get charged. Where he has gone? Whom did he meet? How he gets charged? How many days he remains charged? The country wants to know it," he said."I have announced that if any Congressmen or any citizen of the country provides the address of Rahul Gandhi, I will personally give him Rs one lakh award," he said.However, Congress spokesperson Ravi Saxena, in a sharp retort said, "BJP leaders are suffering with Rahul phobia.""If Sisodia is so keen to know about Rahul's address then he should know that he is an SPG protectee and it is fully aware of the movements of guarded people. He should have paid Rs one lakh to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to know his (Rahul's) whereabouts," Mr Saxena said.A day after his 46th birthday, Mr Gandhi on Monday had announced that he is going abroad on a short visit for "few days", but did not specify the country he is heading for. The Congress Vice President's 56-day mysterious sabbatical last year had created much controversy in political circles with the ruling BJP making his absence in the midst of Budget session of Parliament an issue.
With a dozen arts organizations packed into a single mile, the stretch of Bloor St. W. between Bathurst and Bay Sts. is being officially branded the Bloor Street Culture Corridor. Heather Kelly, a spokesperson for the Royal Conservatory of Music and the founder of the initiative, said the idea was sparked when speaking with her musical counterparts at the Tafelmusik Baroque Orchestra and Alliance Française de Toronto.
The interior of Koerner Hall during a 2012 concert at the Royal Conservatory of Music, one of 12 arts institutions in the new Bloor Street Culture Corridor. ( RICK MADONIK/STAR FILE PHOTO ) The Gardiner Museum of Ceramic Art, on Queens Park south of Bloor St. ( Keith Beaty / Star File Photo )
“We're already working together on a one-on-one basis,” Kelly said. “I just came up with the idea that we create this multi-organization partnership to draw people to the neighbourhood and help people realize how easy it is to go from one of our organizations to the other.” The 12 cultural institutions collectively span French, Japanese, Italian and aboriginal languages and encompass a wide range of visual art and music, including three museums: the Royal Ontario Museum, the Gardiner and the Bata Shoe Museum. In time, Kelly said, she hopes the Culture Corridor will rise to the stature of New York's Museum Mile or Montreal's Quartier des Spectacles.
Article Continued Below
“We suddenly realized that it's quite a collection of cultural organizations here and that maybe we should be letting the public know that, hey, we're all here in the same region,” said Bruce Hutchinson, the marketing director of the Miles Nadal Jewish Community Centre, one of the participating organizations. The corridor, which bridges the Annex, University of Toronto and Yorkville neighbourhoods, is still in its initial stages, with an official launch planned for April 2. The stretch will be promoted on social media, with dedicated Twitter and Facebook accounts. “We thought we'd begin by letting each other's audiences know that we're all here,” Hutchinson said. Although details are not yet final, Kelly said over the summer the corridor's organizations hope to participate in events such as the Annex Festival on Bloor. And come the fall, Kelly anticipates a seasonal promotional package such as a digital passport to encourage patrons to visit all 12 institutions. Other organizations can join, Kelly said, provided they meet the criteria of presenting professional-level arts and culture to the public in a year-round venue. Local restaurants and retailers will also be recognized, Kelly said.
“The whole idea of this is inclusivity,” Kelly said. “We're part of an ecosystem; we're part of a neighbourhood.” The designation is a long time coming, according to George Fallis, a professor of urban issues at York University who advocated the idea of a Bloor St. cultural precinct 12 years ago.
Article Continued Below
The strike, organised by Occupy Oakland, aims to 'shut down' the city and will centre around three separate demonstrations
Thousands of protesters are expected to gather in Oakland on Wednesday for a general strike and mass day of action, organisers said on Monday.
The strike, organised by Occupy Oakland, aims to "shut down" the city, culminating with a march to the Port of Oakland to prevent the transit of cargo. Workers, university students and school pupils are all being urged to rally near the Occupy camp, with banks and large corporations expected to be targeted by marches.
"Oakland was the site of the last general strike in the US," said protester Tim Simons, at a press conference on Monday – drawing what would be an oft-repeated parallel between the Occupy action and Oakland's general strike of 1946.
"On Wednesday, we're going to make history once again. We're gonna make Oakland proud."
Simons told the Guardian "it is safe to say there'll be 10,000 or more" people joining in the strike, which will centre around 14th Street and Broadway – where Scott Olsen, a former marine, was hit and seriously injured by a police projectile last week.
The action was proposed and passed at a general assembly at Frank Ogawa plaza – home of the Occupy Oakland movement – on Wednesday 26 October, the day after Oakland police cleared protesters' camp.
The strike will centre around three separate demonstrations on Wednesday, at 9am, 12noon and 5pm, with spontaneous "autonomous actions" – likely to be marches on banks and large corporations – taking place through the day.
Plans for the strike were officially unveiled to the media on Monday at the intersection of Broadway and Telegraph Avenue in Oakland – described as the "epicentre" of the 1946 strike, the last general strike in the US.
That action, which has become known as Oakland's "work holiday", involved over 100,000 workers, who shut down Oakland for over two days after unions came out to support retail clerks at Kahns and Hastings department stores.
Protesters warned that banks and large corporations which continue to operate on Wednesday will be subject to marches.
The day will have the feel of a "mass rally", Simons said, with demonstrators gathering in the centre of the crossroads at 14th and Broadway.
"I think most of the roads in downtown Oakland will be closed, and people should be prepared for that."
Boots Riley, a local hiphop artist and community organiser, said the aim of the picket at the port was to "blockade the flow of capital on the day of the general strike" while "showing solidarity" with Washington-based workers from the international longshore and warehouse union.
ILWU members in Longview, Washington, claim they are being overlooked by the owner of the newly built port there in favour of non-union workers.
Clarence Thomas, a third generation longshore worker and co-chair of the million worker march movement which organised a civil rights rally in Washington DC in 2004, said Oakland "is now the epicentre of the Occupy Wall Street movement".
He said he would normally be working at the Port of Oakland on Wednesday, but will be joining in the strike.
"A lot of young people don't realise the sacrifices the working class have made in this country," he said.
"I understand the importance of workers withholding labour. That's how we got the eight hour working day. That's how we got social security."
Protesters hope the strike will be observed beyond Oakland, even if the demands may not be as focused as those of the 1946 action.
"We call for general strike around the country and around the world," said Louise Michel, who has been involved in Occupy Oakland from the first day.
"There is no one answer to what we want from this. We're looking for lots of different things."
Organisers said they had deliberately not discussed their plans for Wednesday with police or the city administration. Oakland police, which has a long history of controversies, was heavily criticised for deploying tear gas and 'less lethal' projectiles on Tuesday 25 October.
Oakland mayor Jean Quan has since promised a "minimal presence" of officers policing the protest.
The University of Texas at Austin has been named the top public school in America, according to rankings compiled by Niche.
Texas finished ahead of Michigan, Virginia, UCLA and California in the Top 5, it also ranks ahead of No. 10 Texas A&M, No. 60 Texas Tech and No. 62 Houston in terms of in-state schools.
Niche, which looked at 1,713 colleges to compile its rankings, used a formula to compile its rankings that took into account factors such as "the strength of the academic program, the aptitude of professors, the quality of campus amenities, the general character of student life, as well as student reviews."
Texas earned at least an "A-" in all but one of Niche's categories, including an "A+" rating for academics, athletics, campus quality and the local area.
You can get a full breakdown of Niche's formula here. The website used statistics from the U.S. Department of Education to create its data.
What's next for the Longhorns? Make sure you're in the loop by signing up for our FREE Texas newsletter!
Image copyright iStock
The @ character is the symbol of the internet age, crucial for emails and social networking. But no-one really knows where it came from, writes Claire Bates.
The "at sign" was once an obscure symbol known only to book-keepers. That changed thanks to Ray Tomlinson, the man widely regarded as the inventor of the email.
He plucked it from his keyboard in 1971 to go between the user name and destination address when sending a message between two computers in his office. Tomlinson chose @ because it was then rarely used in computing, so wouldn't confuse early programs or operating systems. In a happy coincidence, the English name of the symbol was already "at".
"The @ symbol appeared on typewriters before the end of the 19th Century," says Keith Houston, author of Shady Characters: Secret Life of Punctuation. "It seemed to be a general symbol that meant to readers 'this is this many items at this price'. It didn't have a use beyond this."
As typewriters had it, so did the first proper keyboards for computers.
"The @ symbol made it on to keyboards because it was a business tool and had a business use," says Houston.
Those business users understood it as a symbol to indicate unit price eg 12 batteries @ £1 each.
Image copyright Creative Commons Image caption A 14th Century text showing the @ sign
In 2000, the Italian academic Giorgio Stabile observed that many nations use different words for the @ symbol that describe how it looks. In Turkish it means "rose", while in Norwegian it means "pig's tail". In Greek it is "duckling", while in Hungarian it is "worm".
But Stabile noticed in French, Spanish and Portuguese, it referred to arobase or arroba - a unit of weight and volume. In Italian the name for the symbol was "amphora", referring to long-necked pottery storage jars that had been used since ancient times.
Stabile discovered a letter sent from Seville to Rome in 1536, which discussed the arrival in Spain of three ships sailing from the New World. It stated that an amphora of wine was sold and "amphora" was replaced with the @ symbol as an abbreviation. Stabile concluded the @ symbol was a common medieval shorthand for units of measure in southern Europe, even if the precise units differed.
Spanish journalist Jorge Romance then found an even earlier use. "I read about the 16th Century example of @ and remembered I had seen the symbol before when I was a history student at the University of Zaragoza. I went through my old papers and found customs records between Aragon and Castile in the 15th Century. It meant 'arroba' as a weight measure, and in this instance one arroba of wheat."
But the earliest yet discovered reference to the @ symbol is a religious one. It features in a 1345 Bulgarian translation of a Greek chronicle. Held today in the Vatican Apostolic Library, it features the @ symbol in place of the A in the word Amen. Why it was used in this context is a mystery.
It seems fitting then that the first email to be sent with the @ symbol has also been lost to time. When Tomlinson sent the first message to tomlinson@bbn.tenexa, he didn't realise what a game-changer it would be and so didn't bother writing it down.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
May 28, 2017 | 14:45 | Dubai
While the media has been widely publishing several stories on the oil imbroglio and its negative impact on the equity markets in the GCC, there has been subdued coverage on the positive aftermaths of this. Difficult times generally give rise to innovation and there is a great necessity to adapt. This has been the case with the GCC bond markets. Never has there been so much frenzy and appetite in the region with regards to debt. The region has always taken pride in its solid cash reserve and deleveraged balance sheets, it never had to struggle to raise money. How things change…and how fast they do!
While the GCC equity markets came into prominence in the early part of the millennium, the bond market took a back seat, primarily due to the lack of urgency to raise funds, ample liquidity in the system at low cost and certain cultural taboos. Family run organisations which control the majority of the economy were reluctant to expose their books to outsiders and sovereigns never had a dearth of capital.
Figure: Bond Issuance Details in GCC, 2007 – 2016
Source: Reuters, Marmore Research
*Source- Marmore research, Reuters
The data collated by Marmore clearly indicates an uptrend in the number of issues that have been registered over the past five years. While sovereign issues witnessed huge interest from Europe and US, the corporate issues captured the Asian investors. Most of the sovereign issues were oversubscribed by at least 3X and corporate issues in the range of 3-14x. The strong demand has helped in better pricing and near to the initial guidance. The much talked about $17.5bn issue by KSA clearly evinces the optimism surrounding the market and how much the system is willing to absorb. 2016 was a year that also established the GCC bond market as a meaningful player in the Emerging market (EM) space. The region contributed to over 14% of the total capital raised via debt by EM that year.
Having successfully tested the market in 2016 we can expect repeat issues by all the GCC sovereigns in 2017. This year the corporates and sovereigns have already raised a record of $39bn out of which $15bn came through sukuks. Sukuks were largely ignored initially as regulations and investor awareness were limited and there was urgency to raise money. The recent KSA sukuk garnered $9bn and was oversubscribed by over 3.7x, this has encouraged other GCC countries to follow. Oman has already hired investment bankers for its issue. Aramco recently raised $3bn through a sukuk issuance. Other private corporates are also eager to access the debt market as bank lending becomes costlier. There clearly is a paradigm shift with regulators also providing an accommodative stance. Exchange houses in the region have started listing such issues creating visibility and liquidity.
The GCC bonds offer international investors diversification and a certain premium for its scarcity. They are not completely correlated to the externalities and usual economic problems surrounding other countries. The region is still very highly rated by agencies despite recent downgrades. They currently share a majority of the EM markets secondary trading space as well. With the majority of the unknowns behind us, a more stable oil price, fiscal consolidation, rational spending and proactive decision making by governments, the evolution of the GCC bond markets has only begun.
M R Raghu is the Managing Director of Marmore MENA intelligence Pvt. Ltd. Marmore caters to the growing research and information needs of organizations in the MENA region. To know more please visit www.e-marmore.com or write to us at info@e-marmore.com
Citing statistics from Odense University Hospital (OUH) and Copenhagen's Rigshospitalet, the newspaper wrote that Denmark's children's wards have seen a three- to fourfold increase over the past 15 years in the number of parents who are concerned about the height of their male children. Other doctors from across Denmark confirmed the trend.
The desire to boost their sons' growth comes despite the fact that “Danish children have never been taller”, according to Jørgen Schou, the head doctor at OUH's children's ward.
“We are seeing parents who are worried [about their children's height] and more likely to have their children tested earlier in life than in the past. Parents who want to optimize their children's chances in life,” Schou told Kristeligt Dagblad.
Most of the children being brought in for consultation are still in their primary school years and Schou said that many parents seem to think that 175cm is the ideal height for their children. If their sons aren't on pace for that, they worry that they will have trouble finding a mate or advancing their career.
He said that parents often come in to explicitly request growth hormones for their sons but have their requests turned down. Simply being short for one's age isn't enough to qualify for growth hormones.
“We have clear guidelines for who can be offered growth hormones,” Anders Juul from Rigshopital told Kristeligt Dagblad.
Juul said that it is often well-off parents who request the growth hormone treatment, something that was backed up by Kristen Holm, the head of the children's ward at Nordsjællands Hospital in Hillerød, one of the wealthiest areas in Denmark.
“I regularly encounter parents of healthy children who are not satisfied with their children's height. There is enormous prestige associated with being tall,” she told Kristeligt Dagblad, adding that parents often refuse to take no for an answer and say that they will buy growth hormones online.
The vast majority of young Danish men – a full 95 percent – are between 168cm (5' 6”) and 194cm (6'4”) which is considered ‘normal' in Denmark.
According to a 2014 report, Danish men are the third tallest in the world with an average height of 180.6cm (5' 11”).
SALT LAKE CITY — The war on poverty is being lost, according to some, despite the United States government spending nearly $1 trillion every year to combat the growing problem.
"Fifteen trillion dollars: That's how many American taxpayers have forked over in the name of helping the poor since 1964," reported The New American. "And what do we have to show for it? A poverty rate that has barely budged, an entrenched bureaucracy, and a population — like that of Greece and Portugal, two welfare- state basket cases — increasingly dependent on government handouts."
The New American cited a recent Cato Institute report by Michael Tanner, which advances the claim that despite all the efforts and spending, the current war on poverty is ultimately failing.
"Clearly we are doing something wrong," Tanner writes in the executive summary of the report. "Throwing money at the problem has neither reduced poverty nor made the poor self-sufficient. It is time to reevaluate our approach to fighting poverty. We should focus less on making poverty more comfortable and more on creating the prosperity that will get people out of poverty."
The poverty rate has risen to 15.1 percent of Americans, despite the mass amount of government funding and attention.
"This year the federal government will spend more than $668 billion on at least 126 different programs to fight poverty," according to the Cato report. "And that does not even begin to count welfare spending by state and local governments, which adds $284 billion to that figure. In total, the United States spends nearly $1 trillion every year to fight poverty."
The disturbing trend of rising extreme poverty levels has many concerned as well.
"The unambiguous statistical trend since 2000 has been large increases in the fraction of Americans at the extreme end of poverty, with little to no change in the fraction of Americans considered 'near poor,'" writes Evan Soltas in a recent blog post. "The poor, in other words, are getting poorer — or more precisely, poverty in America is becoming an increasingly extreme and unequal phenomenon."
Some are saying the statistics can be misleading, however, and that the efforts to curb poverty may be more effective than most think.
Throwing money at the problem has neither reduced poverty nor made the poor self-sufficient. It is time to reevaluate our approach to fighting poverty. We should focus less on making poverty more comfortable and more on creating the prosperity that will get people out of poverty. –Michael Tanner
"When you look at the poverty statistics for France, Sweden, the UK, Canada, wherever in fact, what is being measured is how many people are still below the poverty line after whatever it is that we do to reduce poverty", writes Tim Worstall in a recent Forbes article. "This is not true in the U.S.: By and large in the U.S. we measure poverty before all of the things that we do to alleviate poverty."
Whatever the case, poverty in the United States remains a pressing issue going forward, and some feel it may be time to overhaul efforts in this trillion-dollar war.
"Shouldn't we judge the success of our efforts to end poverty not by how much charity we provide to the poor but by how few people need such charity?" Tanner concludes in the Cato report. "By that measure, our current $1 trillion War on Poverty is a failure."
×
Related Links
Related Stories
A two-time murderer is suspected of killing another inmate, a Franklin County man, aboard a prison bus while it traveled south on Rt. 23 from Columbus on Wednesday evening.
The body of David L. Johnson, 61, was found in the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction bus when it stopped to deliver him to the Ross Correctional Institution, said Ross County Prosecutor Matthew Schmidt.
Johnson, who was serving an eight-year sentence for sexual battery, apparently was strangled; Casey Pigge, 28, is “absolutely the suspect” in the death, Schmidt said.
Other inmates also were locked into a caged section of the bus with Johnson and Pigge, but apparently did not alert the guards and driver at the front of the bus of the assault, Schmidt said. The guards apparently cannot see back into all sections of the bus, he said. The inmates were wearing handcuffs, and perhaps belly chains, but could move around, the prosecutor said.
Inmates, including from the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility near Lucasville and the Ross Correctional Institution near Chillicothe, were taken aboard the bus to Columbus for medical treatment on Wednesday and were on the return leg of the trip south when the apparent slaying occurred.
Pigge is serving a 30-year to life sentence at the Lucasville prison for the 2008 murder of Rhonda Sommers, 52, the mother of his then-girlfriend. Pigge was convicted of stabbing the woman and then setting her apartment on fire.
Last week, Pigge pleaded guilty to using a cement block last year to repeatedly strike and kill his cellmate, Luther Wade, 26, of Springfield, at the Lebanon Correctional Institution in Warren County. Wade was serving a 10-year sentence for aggravated burglary. Pigge faces another life sentence in the slaying.
Schmidt was critical of the Department of Rehabilitation and Correction, saying state officials have provided no information about Johnson's death. He learned of the slaying in a Thursday afternoon email from the Warren County prosecutor. Schmidt said his knowledge of the case comes from State Highway Patrol investigators.
He questioned Pigge having access to other inmates aboard the bus given his history of violence. Investigators are working to determine if Johnson died in Franklin County, Pickaway County or Ross Country as the bus traveled south, Schmidt said.
“He crushed his cellmate's head with a cinder block. You would think the sensible thing to do would be to make sure he doesn't have free access to other inmates at any time. Apparently that is not an issue for the folks at DRC,” Schmidt said.
A prisons spokeswoman declined comment and referred questions to the State Highway Patrol, which provided a bare-bones incident report with no details.
rludlow@dispatch.com
@RandyLudlow
The driver accused of hitting and killing a 15-year-old girl on a Southeast Portland street last month pleaded not guilty Thursday to an elevated manslaughter charge, court records show.
A grand jury has indicted Abdulrahman Sameer Noorah on a first-degree manslaughter charge, among other charges, according to court records. Police said he was speeding on Hawthorne Boulevard on Aug. 19 when he hit and killed Fallon Smart while she crossed the street at 43rd Avenue.
The elevated manslaughter charge alleges Noorah caused Smart's death "unlawfully and recklessly, under circumstances manifesting extreme indifference to the value of human life." The previous second-degree charge alleged that he only "unlawfully and recklessly" caused her death.
Noorah, 21, remains in the Multnomah County Detention Center on $1 million bail.
Police said Smart was crossing Hawthorne Boulevard legally in front of stopped traffic when the driver, Noorah, illegally swerved into the left-turn lane and hit her at 55 to 60 mph.
Smart was entering her sophomore year at Franklin High School and previously attended a magnet school for students who excel in math and science. Her mother wrote on a GoFundMe page, which has garnered more than $43,000 in donations, that Smart wanted to be a teacher and "was going to be a teen leader at High school this year so new people wouldn't feel alone."
"Fallon was a very giving person, especially for someone so young," her mother wrote.
Teen who died in hit-and-run identified as Franklin High School sophomore People who knew Fallon Smart remembered how she enjoyed singing in a Portland choir, attending a magnet school for students who excelled in math, science and art, and starring in her an eighth-grade play.
Smart's mother, who had previously been shopping with Smart and her other kids, was parked about a half a block away from the crash scene, according to the records. She went to the scene after a driver told her there had been a hit-and-run, and she told police Smart died in her arms.
Noorah was driving with a suspended license, according to court records, and was convicted in April for driving with a suspended license and not carrying proof of insurance. Witnesses of the Aug. 19 crash told police he didn't initially stop at the scene. He later returned, police said.
Noorah was born in Saudi Arabia, first came to the U.S. in summer 2014 and is in the U.S. on a student visa, according to court records. He said he has finished 5 terms at Portland Community College, isn't enrolled in fall classes but plans to continue his education in the U.S., according to the records.
Teen's death illustrates Portland's Vision Zero challenge Traffic fatalities have only gone up in 2016, while a task force met to draft the city's Vision Zero plan.
Noorah lives with a host family in Portland, according to the records. A cousin, with whom he is close, also lives with the family. The cousin and two other passengers were in the car at the time of the crash.
An officer who spent 4 hours with Noorah "noted that he seemed indifferent" about the deadly crash, according to the court records. Noorah covered his face and cried during his arraignment last month.
A deputy who compiled records filed Aug. 31 in Multnomah County Circuit Court wrote that she spoke about Noorah with an official from the Saudi Arabian consulate in Los Angeles. The deputy wrote that it was her understanding the consulate has retained legal counsel for Noorah and plans to post his bail.
He faces first-degree manslaughter, failure to perform duties of a driver to injured persons, reckless driving, and three recklessly endangering another person charges, according to court records.
-- Jim Ryan and staff reports
One of the organizers of the Women's March is under attack this morning, following reports from conservative news sites like The Daily Caller that accused her of having ties to terrorists. Linda Sarsour, a Muslim-American woman, has been an activist for decades and is widely respected for her dedication to progressive causes.
After helping coordinate one of the most successful marches in history, Islamophobes are viciously attacking @lsarsour #IMarchWithLinda pic.twitter.com/tNuq67nwru — Imraan Siddiqi (@imraansiddiqi) January 23, 2017
People have already rallied around her this morning, tweeting #IMarchWithLinda to share their support.
We are proud to have @lsarsour as our co-chair. We will always have her back. #IMarchWithLinda pic.twitter.com/YyF4DEmxZ4 — Women's March (@womensmarch) January 23, 2017
These despicable attacks on @lsarsour simply demonstrate that she's got people shook. #IMarchWithLinda — Imani Gandy (@AngryBlackLady) January 23, 2017
#IMarchWithLinda because as a white person it is my duty to show up and protect our movement leaders who are threatened. — Chase Strangio (@chasestrangio) January 23, 2017
Right wing bigots feel empowered w/ the new administration in place & are coordinating to try and take down Muslim leaders. #IMarchWithLinda — Imraan Siddiqi (@imraansiddiqi) January 23, 2017
Listen to Linda Sarsour's rousing speech at #WomensMarch in DC: "Fear is a choice... We are this nation's moral compass." #IMarchWithLinda pic.twitter.com/phtOtmLsZG — Our Revolution (@OurRevolution) January 23, 2017
And Sarsour took to Facebook to ask for "extra prayers" following the harassment.
"The opposition cannot fathom to see a Palestinian Muslim American woman that resonates with the masses," she wrote. "Someone whose track record is clear and has always stood up for the most marginalized. They have a coordinated attack campaign against me and it's vicious and ugly. It's not the first time, but it's definitely more intense."
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke speaks during a news conference in Washington. (Photo11: Susan Walsh, AP) Story Highlights Fed chief says unemployment is still too high to pull back
Short-term rates probably won't rise until unemployment rate falls to 6.5%
Bond-buying can continue if economy falters
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said Wednesday the central bank will likely keep at least some of its easy-money policies going "for the foreseeable future."
Noting that unemployment is still too high and inflation too low, Bernanke said, "both sides of our mandate are saying we need to be more accommodative."
He spoke about Fed policies in a Q&A session after a speech in Cambridge, Mass., to the National Bureau of Economic Research.this
Bernanke rattled stock and bond markets last month when he said the Fed likely will reduce its stimulus later this year and end it by mid-2014, assuming the 7.6% jobless rate falls to 7% by then. The Fed is buying $85 billion a month in government bonds to hold down long-term interest rates.
FED MINUTES: Some support for stimulus end in 2013
Financial markets assumed that Bernanke's roadmap also meant that the Fed likely will raise its benchmark short-term interest rate in late 2014, instead of mid-2015 as anticipated.
But Bernanke reiterated that the Fed won't consider raising short-term rates until the unemployment rate reaches 6.5%.
The Fed chairman also suggested that policymakers could keep the bond-buying program at full throttle longer if the economy wobbles. While the housing market is improving and buoying consumer wealth, federal spending cuts still could dampen growth, he said. "it's still too early to say we have weathered the fiscal restraint," he said.
And if interest rates continue to rise in anticipation of Fed actions, hobbling the economy, "we'll have to push back against that," Bernanke said.
In his prepared speech earlier, Bernanke says the 2008 financial crisis showed the Federal Reserve that it must strengthen its approach to both regulation and interest-rate policies.
Bernanke says the U.S. economy has yet to fully recover from the downturn.
MORE: Read the text of the speech
His speech focused on the Fed's successes and failures in managing the economy over the past 100 years. Bernanke told the audience he would not address the Fed's current policies in his speech but that he expected to be asked about it during a question and answer period.
Contributing: Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/12mQ8mj
The Spanish-language international hit song “Despacito” now has a Ukrainian-style cover.
Ukrainian cover band B&B Project presented its version of the song, along with a music video, on their YouTube channel on Aug. 5.
The video features the band members playing “Despacito” on an embankment of the Kyiv Reservoir (also known as the Kyiv Sea).
“Despacito,” by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi and rapper Daddy Yankee, was released in January. The music video of the song has already reached over 3 billion views and became the most viewed video on YouTube. The song has topped the charts in 45 countries around the world.
The Ukrainian version reached 189,488 views on YouTube in just three days.
B&B Project are Tetiana Mazur, who plays the bandura, a traditional Ukrainian stringed instrument, and Serhii Shamrai, who plays the button accordion.
Shamrai says that the band covers songs they themselves like, in order to create and share new versions of them.
“Sometimes a song gets stuck in our heads, and we want to show our own vision,” he told the Kyiv Post.
And that's exactly what happened with “Despacito.”
Drummer Kostiantyn Marko, who occasionally performs with the band, joined B&B Project to record this cover.
B&B Project was founded two-and-a-half years ago in Kyiv and is still based here. They play Ukrainian traditional songs as well as covers of popular foreign pop songs, giving them a Ukrainian folk sound.
Previously the band released covers of the themes of the TV series “Game of Thrones” and “Sherlock.”
A proposed federal rule to require the use of speed limiters on heavy-duty trucks has cleared its final hurdle in the regulatory process and will likely be published in the coming weeks. The White House's Office of Management and Budget stamped its approval on the rule Aug. 12, according to the White House's online rulemaking portal.
The Notice of Proposed Rulemaking may now be published at the U.S. Department of Transportation's discretion. Rules are generally published in the weeks following their clerance of the OMB.
The speed limiter rulemaking was initiated in March 2014, following a petition by the American Trucking Associations and Roadsafe America. ATA has said it asked the DOT to implement a 65 mph speed limit on trucks weighing more than 26,000 lbs.
Little has been made public about the rule's contents, however, such as what the regulated speed limit would be, when the rule would take effect and which trucks would be required to comply with the mandate.
Those details will be made known once the rule proposal is published in the Federal Register.
The NPRM will likely have a 60- or 90-day comment period, during which FMCSA will seek comment from industry stakeholders and the public at large about the rule and its requirements.
FMCSA will then use the comments to craft a final version of the speed limiter rule, which will then have to go back through the regulatory process before being made final. That process generally takes several years. The rule then will likely have a compliance window, likely a year or longer, before it's fully in effect.
The Brazilian Congress has just voted not to start the Impeachment process on its current president Michael Temer, even after overwhelming evidence, including audio and video tapes surfaced of him personally endorsing and receiving bribery.
The Brazilian Congress has just voted not to start the Impeachment process on its current president Michael Temer, even after overwhelming evidence, including audio and video tapes, surfaced of him personally endorsing and receiving bribery. All that only a year after the same Congress removed the elected President Dilma Rousseff for lower level budgetary maneuvers. Maybe he has the people by his side? No. His approval rate is 5%. He does have a corruption pact with Corporate Media, Congress, and the Brazilian Judiciary. After reading the details of this odyssey on Glen Greenwald's post today, on The Intercept, I felt compelled to write my first blog post.
I'm an American citizen and an immigrant from Brazil. As I got to know and experience this Country, I began nurturing a great admiration for so many aspects of what it means to be an American and to live in the United States.
Here, I experienced for the first time a political system where the 3 branches of government are actually equally powerful – not only on paper. And checks and balances are real and active.
I got to witness Freedom of Speech as a true and live concept and experience what a Free Press really is.
I've learned the true concept of community engagement and also was amazed to realize that it was only natural for every one of us to know that we have a voice and a saying in the policies and decisions that affect our lives, from Local to Federal levels.
Then I chose the United States to be my Country because, especially after being a journalist in Brazil, it was fascinating to see a Democracy that is much more of a reality than the one that pretended to exist in Brazil. Unfortunately, there are way too many governments around the planet calling themselves Democracies and being anything but. So many immigrants like me know it is all too easy to claim “for the People by the People” when you're governing for only a handful of your peers.
I have been increasingly worried, though, that things are starting to look too familiar around here. We see the press being discredited, we see media outlets being controlled by Oligarchs and spreading alternative realities and propaganda. We are watching in disbelief the formation of a One Party Government aimed at taking full control of all Branches of Government, determined to eliminate any and all opposition, even inside its own Party. And now we even already have the alt-right media chanting it is all in the name of God.
So tell me Greenwald or anyone who has witnessed Brazil, Venezuela, or Russia, or any of the many Kleptocracies installed around the planet: does it feel like you've seen it somewhere?
I can hear History screaming at us from the top of its lungs! I hope all the freedom, values and Civil Rights history of this country, along with my voice and millions more will bring it back from this dark chapter. Brazil is yet to experience what a solid founded Democracy is. We can still protect ours.
Unlike the US, community engagement, political participation, civil rights mobilizations are not embedded in the Brazilian culture. Historically, dictatorships and extreme social inequalities and divide have always targeted any such tendencies in its roots. The people are made to believe they are powerless in face of corruption and injustice, and most do.
I believe that is when Democracy dies when the people go silent, helpless, indifferent, or numb.
We have been seeing so much wrong here on a daily basis that I'm afraid I'll be put in a straight-jacket, kicking and screaming if I react to each one of them. Still, we can't be silent. We can't go numb and normalize bigotry, conflict of interest, discrimination, nepotism, obstruction of justice, denial of civil rights.
In Brazil, corruption became cultural, it has always been common since the times of the Empire. Brazilians hate when it is said to other people, however, every Brazilian knows. An all too used metaphor for how embedded it is in everyone's lives: “a man arrives home with a counterfeit DVD he bought from a sidewalk dealer, as he condemns to his wife the actions of a politician that is being investigated for tax evasion”. That would be a quite normal picture to imagine.
In the late nineties, I was hired as a Marketing consultant for a big government agency in Brazil. After only a couple of weeks on the job, a group of workers in that department came to me with 2 years' worth of documentation from ghost hires to overbilled equipment and hours. The head of the department was pocketing more than twice the salary of all his 12 subordinates combined. I helped them prepare a letter to be sent to the Agency's Director (Appointed by the President) along with copies of all documents. I also handed a copy to an editor for the Brazilian's Capital major newspaper.
The newspaper considered it too common and too small to care. The agency's director only action was to place the department under probation for a few months. The thief's reaction? He was the only one who was outraged. You could hear him cursing and yelling: “Now what? Are they expecting me to work only for my salary? This is ridiculous!”. Somehow, not many people around me seemed to be bothered by the absurdity of that statement.
Corruption became natural, was normalized. Almost to a point that you are a fool for not doing it. Now you fast-forward 20 years and you see Greenwald's article. Revolting? Yes! Surprising? No.
Then you look a bit up to the north. You see a President complaining that by doing what he had to do, the AG was “not fair to him”? That he should have let him know he would not help him obstruct justice before he took the job, “so he would pick somebody else”.
The fact that not everybody is very bothered by the absurdity of that statement, and many others similar in nature made by 45; bothers me a lot!
I have been facing a constant and personal fear in the back of my mind that all this that I've grown to love, admire and be part of might cease to exist. The reality of what can take its place sends shivers down my spine and I will not ignore it. I have never felt this afraid for our Freedom, not even when we were buying plastic sheets and duct tape for our windows to protect ourselves from chemical weapons. We were united then, we were proud, we felt strong, we protected each other.
Back then I had recently discovered the amazing feeling of no longer needing a family name to be respected. I was nobody's daughter, granddaughter or niece; I didn't have newspaper credentials to protect me or a fat bank account, but I have rights nevertheless! By moving here, I got to be just another person, just me. And this was great because here, this “nobody” had the same rights as anybody! It was an absolutely freeing and humbling experience, and that's how I wanted to raise my family.
And so I did, and so I intend to keep doing. And I want my grandchildren to have the same opportunity, I hope they will raise their children in an even better Democracy, where we all will know that science is real, human rights are civil rights, and we don't need to remind anyone that black lives matter, because lives matter, and we finally understand we that are all equal.
So I will keep fighting how I learned to fight as an American. I will not be silent. I refuse to be numb. I will voice my opinion, I will let my representatives know where I stand, I will mobilize.
Simply because the alternative is not acceptable. I had the displeasure of paying taxes only to have terrible roads, no public safety, no education, and a handful of politicians living opulent lives from the money stolen from these services. I didn't find it normal then, and I don't find it normal now. I hope most of America is still awake enough to react before it's too late.
I saw a humorous story a few days ago:
Oil Should Be Around $10 a Barrel
The price of a barrel of oil would be closer to $10 if the commodity wasn't traded as an investment instrument, given the record-high levels of U.S. oil inventories, Peter Beutel, president of Cameron Hanover, told CNBC Monday.
“I honestly think that if there were no investors using oil as an asset that the price of oil right now would be $10 or $15 or $18, but it wouldn't be anywhere near where it is,” Beutel said.
First off, the cost of production for most producers is significantly higher than that. The easy, cheap oil is gone. That's why we are drilling a mile deep for oil in the Gulf of Mexico. But the other reason that oil prices aren't going down soon is because demand has been recovering. Courtesy of the EIA:
That shows that petroleum demand has been steadily climbing for a year, and has recovered to levels last seen two years ago.
This one shows a similar story for imports, albeit with an even steeper rate of increase:
It is hard to imagine oil prices softening with demand again rising, much less trading at $10/bbl. This is why I am not optimistic for an imminent recovery from the recession. Oil prices are at $75, and demand is rising. And we know what happens to oil prices as demand continues to climb…
Many will know him as Hodor from Game Of Thrones, but Kristian Nairn is also an accomplished DJ, and his new track is really pretty good.
Kristian has been DJing and remixing other peoples tracks for years now; long before he became a household name as the the loveable giant Hodor. A couple of weeks back, we saw him release his first ever single,”Up (Club Remix) feat. Leanne Robinson” on his soundcloud page, with the club-ready track creeping up on a quarter of a million plays at time of press.
Mashable
He's followed the début up with “Beacon”, an EDM inspired track that would slot in perfectly on the Ibiza club scene. He'll be reuniting with his Game of Thrones mates soon for next season's shooting (assuming he doesn't get killed off that is) but it's likely we can expect more tracks from Kristian and maybe even an album in the near future.
Hodor indeed.
Written by Corinne Lestch
In simpler times, school administrators in Louisiana didn't worry about posting the Student of the Month's name on a billboard outside, or showing football players' names, numbers, height and weight on a screen during games.
That was before student privacy concerns swept the state.
Districts have been scrambling to comply with a strict new law that went into effect this school year that prohibits schools from collecting, without parental consent, more than two pieces of personally identifiable information “that separately or when linked together can be used to reasonably ascertain the identity of the person.”
“How are you going to have a yearbook?” asked Wes Watts, superintendent of West Baton Rouge parish schools. “It's ridiculous. Everybody is kind of on edge.”
The effects of the Louisiana bill, signed into law by Gov. Bobby Jindal last summer, offers a window into a national hot-button issue that has attracted interest from politicians on both sides of the aisle. Since Jan. 1, about 38 states have introduced 129 bills that deal with student privacy, an increase in the number of bills introduced in all of 2014, according to the Data Quality Campaign.
The exploding concerns that private companies could access sensitive student information, and the dizzying number of different bills introduced in state legislatures, has even prompted the federal Department of Education to issue guidance on the matter.
Officials last week released recommendations on how to secure student data and a video that explains which online educational services and companies best protect information from improper disclosure.
“Reading and understanding terms of service agreements is tough, even for lawyers. We hope this guidance will help school officials identify privacy-friendly apps and online services and avoid providers that might abuse student information,” Kathleen Styles, the Department of Education's chief privacy officer, said in a press release.
“This guidance will help schools and districts evaluate potential agreements and offer direction regarding terminology frequently used in these agreements,” she continued. “By understanding commonly used provisions in these agreements, schools and districts will be better able to decide whether to consent to the terms for online educational services and applications.”
A student privacy test case
Louisiana passed two separate privacy bills: one sponsored by Republican Rep. Barry Ivey that mandates school districts to post on their websites contracts with vendors that require student data, and another crafted by Republican Rep. John Schroder that strengthens language around privacy and gives parents more control over who sees their kids' data.
Schroder said his bill was driven by parents after concerns arose that new, standardized Common Core tests could lead to breaches of their kids' information in the hands of third-party educational vendors. Parents were also worried about Louisiana's participation in inBloom, a student information warehouse that has since shuttered.
The bill requires parents to sign annual permission forms to allow their children's data to be collected to take school photos, given to companies like Scholastic to track reading progress and sent to a state financial aid program that awards scholarships for college.
“If a parent doesn't send that letter back, or doesn't give us permission, then their child could lose out on opportunities for financial aid,” Watts said. “Just the thought of that makes me cringe.”
The Schroder bill also requires that the state Department of Education create an anonymous identifier system by May 1 that does not use students' Social Security numbers, and the new codes must be assigned by June 1. The state will no longer be able to access students' names, date and place of birth, Social Security number, mother's maiden name, and other information to use for assessment and accountability purposes.
If someone violates the law, which Schroder says is the strictest in the country, the offender faces up to a $10,000 fine or three years in prison, or both.
Several school leaders said in interviews with FedScoop that they have devoted countless hours tracking down hundreds of vendors to sign privacy addendums; posting the vendor contracts on their websites; and reaching out to parents to sign and return consent forms.
“I've already had teachers make home visits to get signatures,” said Lacey Bueche, supervisor of technology for Pointe Coupee parish schools. “The biggest problem school administrators have had is not parents saying ‘no,' it's parent's not returning the form. That's an automatic denial.”
District leaders said the amount of time spent on revamping their privacy procedures has come at the expense of students' educations.
“How about our core business of teaching and learning?” Tresa Webre, assistant superintendent of the 10,000-student St. Charles parish, said when asked where she would rather focus her time.
“It's taking away from things we really could be doing,” added Watts. “I think it's hurting kids in the long run.”
Working out the “kinks”
Schroder defended his bill as a “model piece of legislation” – but admitted he's meeting with stakeholders Monday to “work out any kinks.”
“There are some areas that are causing some concern because of interpretations of the law,” he said last week in an interview with FedScoop. “We have to somehow clarify and give school districts certainty on what they can do with data. If the law is so restrictive that you can't hang a piece of art on the wall in the hallway with a student's name on it, or you can't put a newsletter out with any students' names, that's ridiculous. That's not the intent of the law.”
Paige Kowalski, vice president of policy and advocacy for the Data Quality Campaign, a nonprofit advocacy organization, said lawmakers should listen to local stakeholders to craft bills that will work for their states.
“I don't think these are easy bills to write,” she said. “It's a new frontier. There's going to be some trial and error. If you're working on language that doesn't work with your stakeholders, it may backfire.”
Webre said she would welcome changes to make the law less restrictive.
“We are hoping for addendums to the law so it will be more realistic,” she said. “We all agree that we probably need to be more cautious about the information we share with others, and we're all about protecting data, but the devil is in the details.”
While school districts have been struggling to adjust to the changes, vendors that provide educational services said the new law has presented a headache when it comes to renegotiating contracts.
Lifetouch, a professional photography company, serves about 600 schools in Louisiana – gathering students' names, graduation years and other information.
Laurie Dechery, associate general counsel for the company, said schools can't provide a “one-size-fits-all” contract to vendors anymore because they have to include more specific language tailored to the company about data retention policies and security breach protocols.
“We're going to be seeing more case-by-case contracts in Louisiana,” Dechery told FedScoop. “Some contracts are not made for school photography, but they're presented as take-it-or-leave-it.”
Still, she added, “I have not heard that it's preventing us from doing school photography” in Louisiana schools.
Creating a student identifier system
School district leaders say they're worried about enacting the next piece of the legislation – the student identifier system – and that they are waiting for guidance from the state Department of Education.
State officials said they have selected a vendor to create the new system, and are hoping to finalize details in the next couple of weeks before releasing the name.
They are also focusing on revamping their processes to comply with the law; instead of simply handing over student data to the Office of Student Financial Assistance, they need to make sure students provide signed consent forms to be eligible for scholarships.
“Protecting student privacy and creating a unique student identifier system is a priority for the Department,” a spokesman wrote in an email.
In the meantime, Louisiana's nearly 100 school districts are left navigating uncharted territory. Watts boiled the policy down to a puzzle he has been trying to solve.
“We have to identify our students without identifying them,” he said.
Sterling K. Brown is having a moment. He won a well-deserved Emmy for playing prosecutor Christopher Darden in American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson, a tricky role that required him to radiate intelligence and charisma while also portraying a man who makes all kinds of poor choices. He immediately followed that with a lead role on This is Us, which has become a big hit for NBC. And like any actor having a moment, he's been sucked into the world of comic book movies with a role in the upcoming Black Panther.
And the hot streak continues with Shane Black's The Predator.
The Hollywood Reporter has the news of Brown's casting in the film, a pseudo-reboot of the action/science fiction series that began in 1987. According to their report, Brown will play “a government agent who jails [Boyd] Holbrook's ex-Marine character, but later needs his help with the Predators.” The article also mentions that the film is set in the suburbs, but Black himself has denied this.
Brown joins an ensemble that is already stacked with talented folks, with Narcos and Logan star Boyd Holbrook taking the lead (in a role that, trivia alert, was originally intended for Benicio del Toro). Holbrook will play a soldier who finds himself battling those ruthless alien hunters and in a display of exceptional taste, Moonlight star Trevante Rhodes and Keegan-Michael Key of Key & Peele will also play former Marines who join the fight. Olivia Munn will play a scientist who is also involved in the story.
But what is that story? We do not know, but The Hollywood Reporter says the film “will feature many of the fierce hunter killers, not just one.” I wonder what the definition of “many” is here, because a single Predator almost killed Arnold Schwarzenegger back in the day. A few of these guys could tear apart an entire continent and make it look easy.
In any case, I'm happy to see Shane Black continuing to showcase great taste in actors and I'm especially happy to see Brown continuing to land gigs in high profile films. After all, he's got to prove his action movie chops if he wants to land the role of Green Lantern John Stewart in the upcoming Green Lantern Corps movie.
The Predator is currently set for a February 9, 2018 release date.
Even though I've been tracking the Army drawdown as part of my role here at the Association, it still came as a shock when I realized that my family would be affected. I was at work one day when I read an announcement regarding the Captain/Major Involuntary Separation Boards scheduled for this spring. I emailed my husband to ask if anyone we knew was affected. Thirty seconds later the phone rang. It was my husband. “Karen,” he said, “That's us. My year group is going before the board.”
We remain a Nation at war.
I think my disconnect stems from the fact that our Army community is still so immersed in the war. One of our friends just returned from his fifth deployment. After spending over 5 years in Iraq and Afghanistan, he'll be going before the board in April. Another is deploying to Afghanistan this spring. His wife was in tears at his promotion ceremony as guests discussed his impending departure. Just a few weeks ago, my own husband came home and informed me that his group had been hit with several WIAS (Worldwide Individual Augmentation System) taskers, meaning another potential deployment for him.
On some level I understood a drawdown was inevitable, but I guess I never expected to be simultaneously worried about a deployment to Afghanistan and a pink slip because my husband's service is no longer needed.
One of my biggest concerns is how we are going to continue to meet the challenges of Army life with this additional level of uncertainty. This is not the sort of job you can do with one foot out the door. My husband's Army career, including 3 deployments and 5 PCS moves, has required 100% commitment not only from him, but from our entire family. It is hard for me to imagine tackling similar challenges in the future while also preparing for the possibility of being shown the door.
After adjusting to the shock, I did what I always do when I'm anxious. I kicked into high research gear. I compiled all the information that we've received and briefed our volunteers at Fort Leavenworth, a post with a high population of majors attending Command and General Staff College (CGSC.)
Here is what we know:
Almost 19,000 Army Captains and Majors will be screened for separation and early retirement boards this spring. The boards could select up to 20% (3,800) of the considered population for involuntary separation.
Officers subject to these boards are Army Competitive Category Captains in year groups 2006, 2007, and 2008 and Majors in year groups 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, and 2003.
The Officer Separation Board (OSB) will screen officers with fewer than 18 years of active federal service (AFS). The Enhanced Selective Early Retirement Board (E-SERB) will screen officers with 18 or more years AFS.
Officers selected for separation by the E-SERB will be allowed to serve their 20 years, earning them full retirement benefits.
Those selected for separation by the OSB are eligible for involuntary separation pay, provided they have at least 6 years AFS.
Selected officers with at least 15 years AFS on the date of their separation are also eligible to request consideration for early retirement under the Temporary Early Retirement Authority (TERA). It will be the officer's choice to select separation pay or TERA. Please note TERA is discretionary, not an entitlement.
The boards convene in April/May of 2014.
Decisions are expected to be released in August 2014.
There will be no “re-look” or “standby” boards, and a very limited appeals process.
Actual separation will occur no earlier than the 1st day of the 9th month following release of the boards' results (e.g., if the results are released in August 2014, separation will occur in May 2015)
Officers in the Integrated Disability Evaluation System (IDES) will be considered by the boards. If selected, the separation date will be determined on a case by case basis.
Officers with non-statutory Active Duty Service Obligations (ADSOs) incurred for military schooling, PCS, etc. will be considered by the board. If selected for separation, the non-statutory ADSO will be waived.
Officers with statutory ADSOs (e.g., Tuition Assistance, Advanced Civil Schooling, Critical Skills Retention Bonus) will be considered by the board. If selected for separation, the ADSO will be waived and the officer will not be required to repay any unearned portion of the pay or benefit received. As a condition of receiving separation pay, officers who have a statutory ADSO waived must serve in the Ready Reserve for three years.
Selection for separation will have no impact on GI Bill benefits for the officer's own use. In addition, members who transferred benefits to dependents prior to selection will retain their transfer and not face recoupment if they agree to serve until the mandatory separation date.
Captains and Majors in the affected year groups are encouraged to have their photos updated and to scrub their board files. They should receive guidance from their chain of command in terms of reviewing their official record and preparing it for the board.
Is your family concerned about involuntary separation and drawdowns? Please share your questions and concerns.
Posted by Karen Ruedisueli, Government Relations Deputy Director
We've said goodbye to a few Google products over the past year or so, but no farewell has been as strange as that of ‘Google Barge,' which has ended its bizarre period with the internet company, according to reports.
The mysterious barge, which includes a four-story building made of shipping containers, was last year revealed to be a floating showroom for the secretive Google X division, but now Portland Press Herald reports it has been sold and will be dismantled. The vessel is said to be worth $3 million brand new, while Google is said to have sunk $400,000 into paying property taxes alone from mooring it in Portland — yet it was never used.
The barge's sale was confirmed by the owner of the terminal it has been moved to, but Google hasn't responded publicly to confirm. We dropped the company an email to ask for more details, and will let you know what we hear in response.
➤ Scrap the mystery: High-tech vision for Google barge crumbles in a heap [Portland Press Herald] | Hat tip @alex
Image via Justin Sullivan / AFP / Getty Images
Read next: Why China's top tech firms are investing in Silicon Valley: the Alibaba example
Plutonium-238 is the fuel that is driving the Mars rover Curiosity across the Martian landscape. It flew the New Horizons spacecraft to Pluto and beyond, and is still powering the Voyager probe into the depths of space 38 years after it was launched. It's a fuel that is in high demand and very short supply.
Last year, it came to light that there was only enough plutonium-238 to make three more batteries for NASA missions, a potentially devastating shortfall, and one that NASA has been working to remedy. Now, it seems like there is hope. This week, the Department of Energy (DOE) announced that in collaboration with NASA, they have succeeded in producing plutonium-238, the first time the substance has been made on American soil in 27 years.
It's been a long time coming. In 2013, funding for the project was secured, and the slow wheels of production started rolling. Now, two years later, the process has yielded 50 grams (1.8 ounces) of precious plutonium-238, the first to be made in the country since the Savannah River Plant closed down in 1988. It's not a very large amount--the Mars 2020 rover, for example, needs about 8.8 pounds of the stuff to operate--but it's a start.
Plutonium-238 is different from plutonium used in nuclear weapons and power stations, though it is still highly radioactive. As plutonium-238 decays into Uranium-234, it gives off huge amounts of heat, enough to be harnessed into electric energy in NASA's nuclear batteries, called radioisotope thermoelectric generators or RTGs. The heat has an additional benefit of keeping scientific instruments warm enough to function in the frigid void of space.
Plutonium-238 started out as a byproduct of the nuclear bomb-making process, but eventually as nuclear weapons ceased to be manufactured, the supply dried up, first in the United States, then in Russia. There is now only about 77 pounds left in the United States, and only about half of that is still of high enough quality to be used on space missions. The DOE and NASA hope that next year they will be able to produce 12 ounces of plutonium-238, eventually scaling up to producing 3.3 pounds per year.
Watch the DOE's short video about their achievement (complete with Back To The Future clips) below.
